Yeo Messaging CEO Alan Jones has argued for a technological solution to solve the current Brexit Protocol row and believes the answer is just waiting to be grasped by Westminster. Mr Jones believes a smart border managed and maintained through geo-fencing and blockchain technology could go a long way to easing trade tensions between London, Belfast and Brussels. Mr Jones told Express.co.uk: "The problem I have, I guess the problem that I believe is that you've got people that do not have the knowledge base and appreciation of technology making the decisions. "You know, these guys some of the simplest technology, what I've described to you it's not necessarily leading edge, it's not new innovation. "It's a combination of technologies that exist today that can be pulled together in order to provide a solution. What I find is the politicians and the consultants that are involved are all getting too sidetracked with typically their politics and then they're unable to stand back and actually view a technology solution for the true value of it, so to speak. He continued: "I think that sometimes technology and applications can be very, very simple to the trained eye, and I'm not so sure that they've got the right people handling this whole programme. JUST IN: Irexit calls surge: 'Friction rising' between EU and Dublin – 'Days of being catspaw over'  "There's a degree of simplicity about using secured messaging geofencing technology, electronic fields and blockchain for irrefutable history and documentation. "None of that is rocket science it's, it's pretty straightforward. So yes, I personally am very, very frustrated when I hear them going back into dozens and dozens of meetings and coming out with nothing. It is very, very frustrating." Devolution in Belfast has been in flux since February when the DUP withdrew its first minister from the governing executive in protest at the economic border created in the Irish Sea by Brexit's Northern Ireland Protocol. The party has vetoed several attempts to resuscitate the powersharing institutions following May's Assembly election. Two previous bids to elect a speaker, which would open the way for the nomination of first and deputy first ministers and the formation of a new executive, have also failed. Controversial Government legislation that would empower UK ministers to unilaterally override the protocol on Irish Sea trade, which it agreed with the EU in 2019, is currently making its way through Parliament. DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT]  The DUP has linked its return to Stormont with the progress of the Bill. Brexit has taken a prominent place in the Conservative leadership contest with the next Prime Minister set for a showdown with Brussels not least over the workings of the Protocol. Liz Truss has said she will unleash investment and boost economic growth by taking "full advantage" of Brexit if she becomes prime minister. The Tory leadership hopeful said she would implement supply side reforms, including reforming Solvency II and The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFid) regulations. Solvency II is a directive that codifies and harmonises the EU insurance regulation. MiFid is a regulation that increases the transparency across the European Union's financial markets and standardises the regulatory disclosures required for firms operating in the EU. 