Overseas jobs specialists Anywork Anywhere analysed UK Google Search data to reveal which countries are the most in demand to relocate to this year. On average, there were 1,072,080 searches for terms related to "jobs in Dubai" and 821,280 for Canada, which is the second most popular country. Canada was followed by Australia with 742,080 searches for work in the country. In Europe, Spain came in fourth place, while Italy, Germany, and France also made the top 10 list. The USA was also named one of the most popular countries for Britons looking to live and work abroad, followed by Thailand. READ MORE: Passport warning: ‘Most important’ rule change since Brexit Dubai Canada Australia Spain USA Italy New Zealand Germany France Thailand  Some of the most popular spots for expats are also the most beautiful destinations to visit, according to a recent study by SportsCover Direct. The experts researched the most beautiful countries to see according to YouTube, TikTok, Instagram and Google Search volume. Japan was named the most beautiful country in the world to visit followed by India. Other popular countries on social media with a high beauty score were Italy, Spain and Turkey. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk Japan India Italy Thailand Indonesia Mexico Australia Spain Turkey Canada On Tripadvisor, a traveller said that the Kinkakuji temple, which is one of the most popular spots in Japan, is "absolutely beautiful" while another one said it was an "incredible and magical" attraction. Italy is one of the most beautiful destinations in the world but also one of the most popular among British expats, and Tripadvor users recommended the city of Florence for its "breathtaking" architecture and "impressive" buildings and squares. Sean Walsh, marketing manager from SportsCover Direct, explained: “Despite the cost of living, people want to make up for lost years having to stay at home and missing out on the sights, culture and activities they could only experience abroad." A spokesperson from jobs abroad specialists Anywork Anywhere commented: “It’s interesting to see such a huge increase in searches for jobs abroad. There has been a huge growth in searches for jobs in Dubai, where there is no income tax on salaries or wages paid, suggesting Brits are looking to take advantage of these benefits.”