Want to find out how to watch Joshua vs Usyk online? We’ve got all of the details on the hotly-anticipated clash in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. If you want to watch Joshua v Usyk in the UK, tune in to Sky Sports Box Office (Sky channel 491) or Sky Sports Box Office HD (Sky channel 492) from 6pm on Sky Q, Sky Glass, or Sky+ HD. As always with Box Office fixtures, there is an additional cost for Sky TV subscribers, £26.95 in the UK or €31.95 for Republic of Ireland. You can purchase the Joshua vs Usyk fight on Sky Sports Box Office ahead of the showdown. If you miss the event, dubbed Rage On The Red Sea, on August 20, two repeat showings will be broadcast at 8am and 3pm on Sunday August 21 on Sky Sports Box Office (you'll only need to pay a single time to watch all showings of the fight). Virgin TV 360 and BT TV viewers can also access Sky Sports Box Office to watch live. And if you're travelling during the must-see fight, you can watch on iPhone, iPad, and Android using the Sky Sports Box Office app. While Sky Sports Box Office won the bidding war for the boxing match in the UK, DAZN secured the rights in 190 other territories worldwide. If you live outside of the UK or Ukraine, then more likely than not, you'll need to watch Joshua v Usyk on DAZN. If you're on holiday, it might be possible to use a VPN to change your location. For those who don't know, VPNs work by manually tweaking your IP address – the number assigned to your device when you connect to the internet that reveals your current location – to make it appear like you're online in a different country. This allows VPN users to bypass geo blocks on select content and websites. For a limited time, our favourite VPN for streaming – ExpressVPN – is giving away 3-months for free to all new sign-ups. The promotion is coupled with a 49% discount. If you're based in Ukraine, the match will be shown for free on YouTube. Oleksandr Usyk has been granted special permission for the brawl to be broadcast in his home country. Usyk had volunteered to secure the rights, but the Saudi organisers instead decided to gift the rights. The Joshua v Usyk fight will be free to watch via streaming service Megogo, Oleksandr Usyk's official YouTube channel, and state television channel Suspilne. Oleksandr Usyk will spar against Anthony Joshua for a second time in one of the most hotly-anticipated heavyweight showdowns of the year. The rematch will take place in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia almost exactly one year after the Ukrainian fighter dethroned Joshua in the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, London. In the UK, coverage of the Boxing Match starts at 6pm BST on Sky Sports Box Office. Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk 2 was originally scheduled to take place much earlier this year, however, the fight was repeatedly delayed after Usyk took up arms in the wake of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. It was only when the former undisputed cruiserweight world champion left his homeland to start his training that the fight was confirmed. Ahead of the showdown, Usyk has also released an NFT in a bid to earn $2 million for his foundation. Speaking to Blockasset earlier this week, Oleksandr Usyk said: "Compared to war, boxing is child’s play. War is a terrible thing, which I would not wish on my worst enemy. "My thoughts, as much as possible, are to be prepared well for the Joshua fight and to be able to glorify again my god Jesus Christ and my native land." Meanwhile, Anthony Joshua has been training in Saudi Arabia. The Olympic gold medalist replaced head trainer Rob McCracken with renowned coach Robert Garcia in a bid to strengthen his chances against the Ukrainian. Joshua is well aware that his position at the top of the heavyweight division depends on this fight. Speaking ahead of the fight in Jeddah, Joshua told reporters: "That's it. Must win. I like the pressure. It's been tough. [Now] just get the job done. Instinct, stay focused, get the job done, God willing, victorious." The 12 rounds shared between the two fighters in London last year should guarantee a more closely contested fight in the rematch since both men know and understand their opponent's tactics. MORE LIKE THIS