Rory McIlroy is set to return to the scene of his Open Championship heartbreak next month, after his entry alongside his dad into the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship was confirmed. McIlroy came agonisingly close to winning his fifth major crown at St Andrews in July but just missed out. Instead it was Australian star Cameron Smith who took the Claret Jug at the home of golf, after he carded an eight-under-par 64 to trump overnight leaders McIlroy and Viktor Hovland. It was of course a tough one to take for the Northern Irishman, who was heavily backed heading into the final round. McIlroy did not do much wrong in his Sunday outing at the Old Course, and was instead defeated by Smith’s brilliance rather than his own downfall. Despite this the finish would have no doubt left a bitter taste, after coming so close to ending eight-year wait for a major title. The 32-year-old will have unfinished business at the famous Scottish course, but will get the chance to avenge some of his St Andrews disappointment when he returns in September. As a result he will tee it up at the Alfred Dunhill, and feature alongside his dad Gerry in the Team Championship. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson left furious after fan at LIV golf event makes Saudi tee-box heckle  On competing, McIlroy said in a statement on the tournament’s official website: “I’m really looking forward to playing. It’s one of the most long-standing events on the DP World Tour and one I really enjoy, especially when I partner with my Dad. I’ll be taking the Team Championship just as seriously as the professional event and it would be a special experience if we could win together.” This not the first time the McIlroys have played together at the DP World Tour event, and - like The Open - Rory and his dad came with in a whisker of winning the team title in 2019, only to be pipped by Tommy Fleetwood and Ogden Phipps in a countback. DON'T MISSLIV Golf causes more controversy as Donald Trump opens event with Presidency hintTiger Woods not spoken to Bryson DeChambeau since LIV Golf switch as big claim madeBritish golfer Andrew 'Beef' Johnston admits he could join LIV 'for the money'  In spite of his recent Claret Jug disappointment, St Andrews is a place close to the world No. 3’s heart - especially with it being the place in which he gained his tour card 15 years ago. He went on: “The support I’ve had from the Scottish and visiting fans has always been fantastic and I have had some wonderful memories on these courses. “St Andrews is a very special place for me. When I got my Tour card there back in 2007, it was a week that changed my life.” The famous DP World Tour event returns to the calendar on Thursday September 29, and runs until Sunday October 2.