Reports in France suggest Leeds are 'close to an agreement' for Ismaila Sarr after Manchester United watched the winger in action on Monday night ahead of a potential transfer swoop. The Whites look ready to push ahead with a deal for the Senegal international, who has been waiting patiently for his chance to return to the Premier League following Watford's relegation to the Championship last season.  Sarr, who has featured in each of the Hornets' opening two league matches, is prepared to stay at Vicarage Road for another season if required but now a transfer could be set to materialise with Leeds pressing to conclude a deal. Foot Mercato in France are reporting that a verbal agreement between Leeds and Watford is seemingly imminent, although there is still work to be done before the transfer is completed. It's claimed the move could still be subject to a departure at Elland Road, despite Leeds' desire to sign a right-winger to replace Raphinha following his £55million transfer to Barcelona in mid-July. Manchester United technical director Darren Fletcher reportedly travelled to The Hawthorns - his old stomping ground - on Monday night to watch the forward in action for Watford against his former employers West Brom. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Sarr did not disappoint, opening the scoring with a brilliant lob from inside his own half before missing a crucial second-half penalty that fluffed Watford's chances of earning all three points. Yet his future in Hertfordshire is now in doubt ahead of Watford's third Championship fixture at home to Burnley on Friday night with Leeds now in negotiations over a transfer. In recent days, there has been talk that Manchester United could reignite their interest in the jet-heeled attacker after previously trying to sign Sarr in 2020. Liverpool have also been monitoring the Africa Cup of Nations winger for many years but Jurgen Klopp is yet to move for the 24-year-old. READ MOREMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Leeds are still open to strengthening Jesse Marsch's squad despite already completing seven summer signings. The American's new-look side secured a 2-1 victory in their fiercely-contested encounter with Wolves on the opening day of the season last Saturday. Brenden Aaronson, a £29m signing from Red Bull Salzburg, was on target for the Whites while fellow new arrivals Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen and Marc Roca also featured. Watford manager Rob Edwards has already stressed that the club are prepared for life after Sarr and fellow forward Emmanuel Dennis, who has also attracted Premier League interest. The new Hornets boss said: “They’re [Ismaila Sarr and Emmanuel Dennis] both very good players who have been working hard, and while they’re at the club of course we’re going to use them because they can help us. Why wouldn’t I use them? “We’re prepared for if they do move on, we’ve done our due diligence. If and when we need to recruit we’re ready and we will. Until then, I’ll have them to select.” Leeds had previously looked at Cody Gakpo of PSV Eindhoven and Porto's Otavio earlier in the transfer window but activity has died down after Victor Orta got the crux of his side's business wrapped up before the start of the 2022/23 campaign. Watford have previously valued Sarr at £25m - although details of any potential fee Leeds could be set to pay are yet to filter through.