 Edith Bowman, 48, candidly described the upset she felt when her BBC Radio 1 afternoon slot was moved. The radio presenter had been a host on that same slot from August 2004 until July 2009, when she was moved to Weekend Breakfast.  Edith was then axed from Radio 1 completely in 2014. She continued her hosting duties on a weekend morning show on BBC 6 Music, as well as her own podcast. Now Edith has explained she was “edged out” of the station before her programme vanished. She said that, at the time, the changes left her feeling “too speechless and upset”.   Edith claimed: “Lies and deceit are extremely strong words, but the discussions I'd been having with management at the time about my future were very far from what I was being told in the meeting. "The conversation was the opposite of what I was expecting and it absolutely floored me. “So I just felt incredibly let down because I'd given everything I had.” She added to Psychologies magazine: "At the time I was too speechless and upset about it."    Following her move to the weekend slot, Edith was moved to Tuesday night's The Review Show in 2012. About the changes in her schedule, Edith said: "I knew that I was being edged out by Radio 1, but The Review Show ended up being one of the most joyous experiences I had in my time there." Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. Radio 1 said in a tatement:  “As we said at the time, Edith was one of a number of departures announced in June 2014 to enable Radio 1 & 1Xtra to deliver some of the savings they were being asked to make as part of the wider BBC’s financial challenges following the Licence Fee settlement.” Earlier this year, Edith spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her extensive career in UK radio. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [ANALYSIS]Gogglebox's Jenny Newby pays tribute to co-star Lee Riley amid surgery [UPDATE]  The music industry veteran was preparing to launch the third season of her hit music discovery podcast, BMW Play Next. The programme focused on new acts and championed emerging talent, featuring the  likes of Arlo Parks, Sad Night Dynamite and Alewya. Edith teased: "This year, we're doing five episodes. “We're doing longer episodes this time because we got really nice feedback from people about how much they were enjoying the long-form conversations that we were doing."     Edith also credited the success of the podcast to its format that plays whole songs for listeners. "The way we're doing it makes us quite a unique podcast," she said. "Even the Beeb, don't play tracks in their entirety in their podcasts. We do. "I love that the commitment is there to both financially supporting the artists through paying them for us being able to play it, and then also giving them the musical platform to be heard on as well."  