Speculation surrounding Adama Traore's future is mounting in the final stages of the summer transfer window. But amid Tottenham Hotspur reigniting their January pursuit of the 26-year-old forward, Wolves manager Bruno Lage has poured doubt over whether the interest is mutual. Spurs attempted to sign Traore at the start of the year in Antonio Conte's first transfer window as head coach, with Fabio Paratici said to be 'bewitched' by the Spaniard's abilities. However, the north Londoners were quoted £20million, and he ended up returning to Barcelona on a short loan with a buy option. Traore is now among the fringes of Lage's squad after a six-month absence, in which he failed to score in 17 appearances under Xavi Hernandez in Catalonia. But Tottenham could offer him a way out ahead of Bryan Gil's prospective return to Valencia on a season-long loan. Despite Spurs potentially making a fresh approach, Lage has explained that he's happy to have Traore back at Molineux and claimed the explosive wide man is equally as pleased. He said: "We haven't had any offers, and the way he's training and playing, I don't see anything different. JUST IN: Tottenham transfer chief Fabio Paratici 'bewitched' by Gil replacement  "The way he scored the goal and celebrated with his teammates, I see that every day. We accepted his decision to go to Barcelona on loan because it's his team. Now he's with us, and I'm happy with him – and, I think from the signs he's giving, that he's happy with us. But let's wait until the end of the window." Express Sport understands Traore is being heavily considered by Tottenham as Conte eyes his eighth and final summer recruit. And after entering the final year of his Wolves contract with little intention to renew terms, he could be available for a cut-price fee if Spurs make their interest known. READ MORE: Arsenal backed to win Premier League title because of two players  Conte added Dejan Kulusevski to his ranks in January before sanctioning Richarlison's £60m arrival from Everton. The duo join Harry Kane and Son Heung-min as Tottenham's core attacking options, with Lucas Moura also challenging for a place. Steven Bergwijn has left for Ajax, so Gil's impending departure has unsurprisingly prompted Spurs to return to the market one last time. The summer window slams shut at 11pm on September 1, and Traore could be one of several Premier League moves running up to that deadline. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here