Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was unhappy with the decisions of Harvey Elliott and Trent Alexander-Arnold decisions to shoot from long range, despite both players scoring in the club's 9-0 thrashing of Bournemouth. He admitted he doesn't like it too much when players shoot from far out and the crowd encourage them to. Liverpool's win equalled the Premier League's record scoreline but that was not enough to stop the Reds manager from finding flaws in the team's performance. His faults with the performance came from Alexander-Arnold's and Elliott's decisions to shoot from range rather than play safer. Both players scored from the strikes but it appears Klopp would like them to find a simpler option in the future. Speaking directly after the game the German said: "I don’t like it too much when a player is 35 yards away and the whole crowd shout 'shoooooot' but in this case it worked out well." The victory was the Anfield side's first of the season after a disappointing start which saw the team pick up just two points out of a possible nine. The low point came last Monday when the club were comfortably defeated by Manchester United at Old Trafford despite their fierce rivals' abject start to the season. The match against Bournemouth was the perfect tonic to the club's woes with Klopp's men dominating the game from start to finish. Luis Diaz got the scoring underway in the third minute before, Eliott, Alexander-Arnold, Roberto Firmino and Virgil Van Dijk added to the scoring in the first half. A Chris Mepham own goal restarted the goal rush in the first minute of the second half before the Brazilian doubled his tally. Fabio Carvalho got the eighth with Diaz adding a nice symmetry to the scoresheet by nabbing the ninth. Klopp was keen to stress that the result was not about humiliating Bournemouth but giving his own side a to start the season as well as possible. "We did not want to humiliate Bournemouth at all," he said. "We have a huge respect for them but it's like I said before the game it's about starting the season well. That means it's not about controlling, it's about putting your opponent under pressure." The match was played out in magnificent weather on Merseyside and Klopp encouraged the Liverpool faithful to cherish the game after the club's difficult start. They take on Newcastle next up on Wednesday night under the Anfield lights. The German added: "Getting today off our chest was important and Wednesday against Newcastle could be completely different. But, for today, the mix of great weather and fantastic football we don't have very often in Liverpool so we should cherish it."