Donny Osmond, 64, has taken to social media to pay tribute to Olivia Newton-John following her death aged 73. The legendary singer lost her battle with breast cancer on Monday after first being diagnosed 30 years ago. Donny, who performed with Olivia on The Donny and Marie Show in 1978, shared an unearthed clip of the pair singing You’re The One That I Want from Grease.Donny penned: “Singing with Olivia was one of the greatest moments for me during The Donny and Marie Show.  “I can only imagine how wonderful heaven is, now that this beautiful angel is there. My dear friend, Olivia, I Love You. I Honestly Love You.”Dozens more famous faces have flooded to social media to honour Olivia, including Wonder Woman star Lynda Carter. READ MORE:Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance The pair worked together in 1976 for Olivia’s ABC show, A Special Olivia Newton-John.Sharing a clip from their skit, Lynda wrote: “I am crushed to hear that my friend @olivianj has died.  “She was a true light in this world and I loved all the times we worked together. My love goes out to her family and her friends. What a beautiful human.”Star Wars legend Mark Hamill also paid tribute, writing: “Everything she did was infused with a joyousness that was absolutely contagious. We loved her and she loved us.” Steve Irwin’s daughter Bindi shared a snap with Olivia and wrote: “One of the kindest and most wonderful souls the world has ever known.” Fellow Australian Keith Urban posted a picture of himself and wife Nicole Kidman with Olivia, saying: ”Livvie brought the most divine light into the world.“So much love, joy, inspiration and kindness...and we will always be hopelessly devoted to you.”1980s icon Cyndi Lauper echoed: “I’m so sorry to hear the news about #OliviaNewtonJohn. She was such a nice person and a radiant bright light. She will be missed.” DON'T MISSJohn Travolta pens tribute to 'dearest' Olivia Newton-John amid death[LATEST]Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games[NEWS]Olivia Newton-John shared ‘beautiful’ final photo with husband[PICTURES] Olivia’s devastated Grease co-stars have also shared their grief with the world, including her long-time friend John Travolta.The Danny Zuko actor shared a stunning picture of Olivia and vowed that they “will be together again”.  Stockard Channing, who played Rizzo, joined John and told fans she had never “known a lovelier human being”.In a statement to PEOPLE, she said: “Olivia was the essence of summer – her sunniness, her warmth and her grace are what always come to mind when I think of her. I will miss her enormously.”Didi Conn, who played Frenchy, in the hit 1978 musical, echoed that Olivia was “very special in my heart in many, many ways”.