Pensioners are making the most of advancements in technology and embracing social media. Not only that but there’s a generation of ‘granfluencers’ who are earning thousands of pounds to top up their state pension. More than half (59 percent) of people between 65 and 74 are on social media, a report from Statista shows. Furthermore, that figure increased by 24 percent since 2015, suggesting the over 55 presence on social media is steadily increasing. There are even members of the older generation raking in huge figures through social media influencing - which has evolved into the term granfluencing. Influencer Marketing Hub has worked out each granfluencers estimated side hustle earnings per social post for TikTok and Instagram to crown a winner! READ MORE: Bank offers 3.25% interest on savings up to £1 million - ‘top' pick In first place is Pauline Kana (@rosssmith) who even at 95 years of age could earn an estimated £15,000 from sponsored TikTok posts due to her massive following of 23 million people on TikTok. Although it’s her grandson Ross that runs the account, her energy and charisma are what draw in the followers. She could potentially earn more than the average pension in the US - the equivalent of 49,981 - with just three sponsored posts! Lynn Davis (@cookingwithlynja) comes in second place with estimated earnings of £7,567 from sponsored TikTok posts. DON'T MISSMan in tears after boss pays of his £122,000 mortgage [INSIGHT]Thousands of homeowners to have nearly £900 wiped from bank account [WARNING]Santander increases interest rates on three bank accounts [UPDATE]Blow for 1950s born women as Liz Truss addresses WASPI compensation [ALERT] The 73 year old’s recipes have seen her accumulate over 11 million followers and nearly 200 million likes. This means she could earn the average US pension with just seven sponsored posts. Completing the top three is the UK’s Joe Allington (@grandadjoe1933). The 88 year old from Lichfield has become a viral sensation from his wholesome family videos, and has racked up a following of six million with just over 160 million likes. He can potentially earn more than the average UK pension of £44,541 with just 12 sponsored posts, earning an estimated £3,650 per sponsored post. READ MORE: British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023  While social media influencing won’t be everyone’s cup of tea there are some other things pensioners can do to earn money after they have retired. Express.co.uk has researched 50 ways to make extra money - one option sees pensioner earn up to £290 a day. Side hustle ideas include signing up to an extras agency or retraining as a tour guide. Retired journalist and broadcaster David Poyser now takes people on tours of London and earns up to #290 a day. .  A quarter of Britons have a side hustle to generate an extra income on top of their full time job. On average they are making an extra 525 a month, according to Henley Business School. Express.co.uk has come up with 10 side hustle ideas for pensioners: