The 50-year-old man was discovered lifeless on a residential street in Birley Carr, Sheffield, at approximately 8.15pm. Police say he was pronounced dead at the scene and officers have since started a murder probe. A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in police custody, Yorkshire Live reports. No further details about the suspect or the deceased have been disclosed by South Yorkshire Police at this stage. Roads are closed in the area, which is in the north of Sheffield, while officers carry out enquiries. A house remains taped off this morning, a photograph shared by Sheffield Online suggests. A spokesperson for South Yorkshire Police said: "Upon arrival, a 50-year-old man was found critically injured. He was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. The man’s family has been notified and are receiving support from specially trained officers. "A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in police custody." A post mortem has not yet taken place and the man has not yet been formally identified. Birley Carr is a residential and industrial area just inside the Hillsborough ward of the city. The full South Yorkshire Constabulary statement reads: "A murder investigation is underway following the death of a man in Sheffield last night (Tuesday 2 August). "Emergency services were called to Fox Hill Road at around 8.15pm following reports of an assault. "Upon arrival, a 50-year-old man was found critically injured. He was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. The man’s family has been notified and are receiving support from specially trained officers. "A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in police custody. "Fox Hill Road is closed and will remain so for most of today while enquiries take place to understand the circumstances surrounding the man’s death. A post mortem has not yet taken place and the man has not yet been formally identified. "Anyone who may hold information is asked to contact police via live chat, our online portal or by calling 101 quoting incident number 849 of 2 August 2022. Our online portal can be accessed here – www.southyorks.police.uk/contact-us/report-something/."