Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has insisted that his former club will not sell Cristiano Ronaldo this summer, despite the player’s best wishes. The Red Devils kicked off their 2022/23 campaign with a 2-1 defeat to Brighton at the weekend, which will only amplify Ronaldo’s grumbles. Ronaldo has told United on several occasions that he would like to leave the club this summer in favour of joining a side that will be competing in the Champions League this season. However, Erik ten Hag has insisted that the five-time Ballon d’Or winner remains central to his plans. After having an extended summer break and returning to pre-season late, Ronaldo did not start in United’s loss at the weekend, being brought on as a second-half substitute in place of Fred in the 53rd minute. But despite his lack of potential match fitness, Ferdinand is adamant that the 37-year-old should have started the match at Old Trafford. He told his Vibe with Five podcast: “For a player, the worst thing for you to do is sit on the bench and come on in a game. You start him, tell him ‘you're going to play 45 and do what you do’. He would've [had 45 minutes in him]. He's experienced enough to pace himself through a game. You've got to trust these guys.” Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Ronaldo was unable to influence the match and found himself isolated in the final third, with Brighton preventing United to get a true foothold in the game even after Alexis Mac Allister an own goal to give Ten Hag’s side a glimmer of hope. But despite that, Ferdinand still thinks United will stand firm on their stance regarding the Portugal captain. He continued: “Man United are never letting him go right now. Where are they going to find 24 goals? Don't have the conversation, (tell him) ‘you're not going anywhere’. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join “Man United can't let him go. Where are they finding 24 goals? [Darwin] Nunez has gone to Liverpool, [Erling] Haaland's gone to [Manchester] City.” United are in the market for another forward this summer, regardless of whether Ronaldo is granted his departure wish– though he and his representatives would need to find a potential suitor for that to happen. Bologna striker Marko Arnautovic is the latest name to be linked with a move to The Theatre of Dreams, with his 14 goals in 33 Serie A appearances last season capturing the attention of Ten Hag.