The fire is in the Hollow Lane and Woodhall Hill area of Broomfield in Chelmsford, very close to a number of houses. People living close to the fire are being evacuated by Essex Police officers. Essex County Fire and Rescue Service released a statement about the ongoing incident, saying 16 crews have been working to extinguish a field fire affecting approximately 37 hectares of stubble and hedgerows. Firefighters have contained the fire and are working to extinguish it. Crews have been working with local farmers to dampen down surrounding hedgerows to prevent the fire from spreading further and towards local houses. One outbuilding was affected by the fire and crews worked to prevent it spreading to a nearby house. Essex Police are in attendance supporting crews from Essex County Fire and Rescue Service with a road closure on Chignal Road in Chelmsford. Essex Police have not yet confirmed how many houses have been evacuated so far. Their tweet reads: "We are on scene dealing with a large fire in a field in #Broomfield with colleagues from ECFRS. "Some properties have had to be evacuated due to this. There are also several road closures in place so please avoid the area." Essex County Fire and Rescue area manager Danny Bruin has praised local farmers and response groups for their support in getting the Broomfield under control. Mr Bruin said: “Crews have worked tirelessly while they’ve been here since 2pm in very hot temperatures. They’ve managed to protect surrounding properties. The fire is under control and we’re currently monitoring hotspots. “We’re looking to release crews soon and are in a position to scale this incident down. We expect to remain on scene for a few more hours if you could continue to avoid the area please. A fire investigation will take place to establish what caused the fire. “The farmers have been on the field supporting us and we’d like to thank them for their help in these hot conditions. Thank you to our police, ambulance and Salvation Army colleagues who are all here supporting us, keeping people safe and keeping everyone hydrated. It’s been a good team effort.” MORE TO FOLLOW