Manchester United have included a buy-back clause as they prepare to sell James Garner to Everton, it has been claimed. The Red Devils have raised eyebrows with their decision to offload the midfielder so late in the transfer window. But, for the Englishman, a new challenge on Merseyside at Goodison Park now awaits. Manchester United have strengthened their midfield this summer by signing Casemiro from Real Madrid, with the Brazil international moving to Old Trafford in a £60million deal. And that’s part of the reason they’re prepared to offload Garner, despite the 21-year-old shining on loan for Nottingham Forest last term. According to Fabrizio Romano, the youngster will move to Goodison Park in a £15million deal. And United have, shrewdly, included a buy-back clause into the deal as they prepare to part ways with their academy graduate. “Everton are set to sign James Garner, here we go and confirmed,” he said. “Garner will cost around £15m with add-ons included — Man United will also have buy back clause in the deal.” Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all United have been wise to include a buy-back clause when it comes to Garner given he’s a talented midfielder with the potential to get even better. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who handed the 21-year-old his debut back in 2019, used to liken him to Michael Carrick - who won the lot during his time at Old Trafford. And though Ten Hag appeared willing to keep Garner earlier in the summer, plans have now changed. United have put buy-back clauses into exit deals for other players in the past, with Memphis Depay and Adnan Januzaj among them. Depay left Old Trafford for Lyon back in the summer transfer window of 2017, having struggled for form under both Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And United, wary of how good he could become, then decided to take necessary action. The Red Devils never decided to activate Depay’s clause, however, and it expired when the Netherlands international left Lyon for Barcelona a year ago. Likewise with Adnan Januzaj, who was offloaded to Real Sociedad back in the summer of 2017 after Mourinho deemed him surplus to requirements. The Belgium international rebuilt his career with the La Liga side but United have never been tempted to bring the forward back for a second stint. Meanwhile, regarding Garner, Danny Murphy is surprised by the Red Devils’ decision to offload the 21-year-old. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I am surprised,” he said on talkSPORT when quizzed on the midfielder leaving for Goodison Park. “He had a terrific season (at Nottingham Forest). He can play holding, box-to-box, he’s technical and can score a goal. I’m really surprised (United are letting him go).” United have been linked with a number of players as the transfer clock ticks down. Sergino Dest and Depay are two of them, with Barcelona open to jettisoning the pair as they look to balance their finances. But Ten Hag has insisted he isn’t expecting any more reinforcements, while also claiming Aaron Wan-Bissaka will stay. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I think so, for this window it will be the end,” said the 52-year-old ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Leicester on Thursday night. “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert. “Aaron will stay in. This squad we will go from September to minimum January.” And, on Cristiano Ronaldo, he added: “Yes of course. “We need quality players. You need more to cover all the games and keep the consistency going, that is what we strive for.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here