From humble beginnings growing up in Manchester, the 54-year-old has made a fortune after becoming one of the biggest rock stars in the world. Songwriter, vocalist and guitarist for Oasis, Gallagher, and brother Liam, became household names in the 90s as the pair became faces of the Britpop era which saw them compete with Blur. Over the years the Gallaghers became as famous for their wild lifestyles off stage as their incredible performances on stage. But in 2022 it seems Noel's wild past is behind him as he raises his young family, continues to perform with Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds and watches his beloved Manchester City. It may be surprising to hear that the star has traded in city life, previously living in London, for a much quieter life in Hampshire. Hampshire has the perfect blend of city, coast and countryside. It is near to London, but far enough away to not be bombarded with the hectic city atmosphere. Average house prices in Hampshire come in at £374,469, according to property experts at Rightmove. READ MORE: Inside Kirstie Allsopp’s stunning homes in London and Devon In 2019, the star is reported to have purchased an incredible £8million mansion in Hampshire. Not far from Petersfield, the property is said to be in the heart of the South Downs. The 18th-century property is said to have a state-of-the-art gym in the woodland of the property, a swimming pool, tennis court and even a croquet lawn when on the market prior to being purchased by Noel and wife Sara. Whether the pair have kept the croquet lawn remains to be seen. DON'T MISS: How to stop house flies invading your home using 70p common spice [EXPERT]‘Best way’ to prune for ‘healthy’ plants - ‘prevents diseases’ [TIPS]Property: Budget hacks to replicate ‘luxurious aesthetic’ in your home [INSIGHT] What’s more, it seems that the star is set to stay at the property for the foreseeable future. In 2020, it was reported that the star had submitted a planning application to convert part of the woodland at his property into a games room. The star purchased the property to ensure that his children would be able to access one of the country’s most exclusive schools - Churcher's college. If true, then Noel certainly had a large number of public schools to choose from. Churcher's School is located in nearby Petersfield and has taught a range of well-known people over the years, including actor Alex Lawther and Aston Villa and England footballer Calum Chambers. READ MORE: ‘Remove’ these four items from your home to make rooms ‘feel larger’ Nearby there is also the exclusive Bedales. Bedales School is recognised as one of the top schools in England, with day fees for seniors costing close to £30,000 a year. Students down the years include three-time Oscar winning actor Daniel Day-Lewis, Cara Delevingne, Lily Allen and Location, Location, Location stat Kirstie Allsopp. Over the years Noel has been spotted in and around Petersfield. Being one of the most famous faces in the UK it is perhaps unlikely to see the star walking along the high street or stopping for a pint in The George, but it is easy to see why he has chosen to live where he has. Situated in the South Downs, the property offers Noel the peace and quiet he probably craves after years in the headlines. The area is also full of great places to explore where you're unlikely to bump into many people. Petersfield is also a town full of character. There are a number of shops and pubs to keep you busy, as well as a market twice a week. As mentioned it's unlikely the star visits the town that often, but there are certainly worse places to have right on your doorstep if you do fancy heading out and about.