Arsenal legend Patrick Vieira has described his old club as Premier League title contenders this season. Vieira put the Gunners in the same bracket as Liverpool following Crystal Palace's 1-1 draw at Anfield on Monday. Arsenal have won their first two matches of the season against Palace and Leicester, one of only two teams to have an 100 per cent record in the top flight. Mikel Arteta has spent big again this summer and the signing of Gabriel Jesus in particular looks to have made a major impact. The main aim for Arsenal this season will be ending their wait for Champions League qualification, something they haven't done since 2016. But, in his analysis of Palace's first two games of the season, Vieira suggested Arteta's side are capable of challenging for top spot. The Frenchman told Sky Sports: "When you look at the number of points [Palace have got], of course playing against two teams who are fighting to win the Premier League is always going to be challenging. But I'm more interested in the performances. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist  "I think today we showed character, we saw personality and we saw a lot of discipline that will help us to win football matches. And of course the game against Arsenal overall, especially in the second half, was a good performance. "So I believe that we are on the right path, we have to keep working well. We have players who can make the difference so we have to keep working like we did tonight." Arsenal haven't won the Premier League since Vieira skippered the Invincibles side of 2003/04. But Arteta's former team-mate Bacary Sagna can see that barren run ending in the next couple of years. DON'T MISSEverton keen on three Chelsea stars as Tuchel closes in on GordonLiverpool star Nunez warned he faces five-match ban after Palace headbuttMan Utd's XI by end of window if Murtough signs Ten Hag's four targets  Sagna told the Sun in May: "There's clearly a process and fans need to trust the process and keep the faith. Write them off next season if you want, but I'm sure in two seasons time, they'll be topping the league as champions. "I've known Mikel a long time now and I know for a fact he's always been a coach, whenever we were watching games together, he would talk to me about formations, what I was thinking and tactics. For me I just wanted to go to the game and enjoy it! "I didn't want to talk tactics, but the point is I'm not surprised he's the Arsenal manager at all, management is in his DNA." 