Colin Ortutai-Hughes, 45, also uses the last remnants in his shampoo bottle to save money for bills, his two cats and their three kittens. This is despite the divorced dad-of-four becoming homeless in April after he was kicked out of his flat by his landlord. He says he had to sleep in his car with his pets for two-and-a-half months. Colin has since found a flat in Brent, northwest London, but is struggling again with the rising cost of living. "All of a sudden everything shot up. Cat food went from £3.60 to £4.10 - we're not talking pennies. I shop with a budget and have to recalculate what I should put back on the shelf," Colin said today. "I don't buy certain things I need, otherwise the cats won't get fed. I always put them before myself because it's not their fault. "I can't even think what I'd do without my cats. I need them there, it's lonely enough as it is. I wouldn't be able to cope alone." When the man first became homeless, he turned to a food bank with the hopes of being fed a warm meal or getting vouchers for food shopping, Mirror reports. But he declined the offers of dried pasta and tinned food as he had nowhere to cook the products. Colin, who is self-employed, usually limits himself to two hot meals each week. "If I budget for the week Monday to Friday, I can allow myself two hot meals. If I need shampoo, I'll use that last bit in the bottle until next week," the dad added. "You'd be surprised where you can find food cheaper - places like B&M sell cat food. "With cat litter, I used to buy the cheap one but it's actually more cost effective to buy the expensive one because it lasts longer. "Tinned food is cheaper than pouches because four pouches can make up one tin." Colin has osteoarthritis, a type of arthritis, and struggles to work at times as a result. He has been grateful for the help of friends and family, and assistance from animal charities.   Mayhew Animal Hospital, which is in Kensal Green, northwest London, treated one of Colin's cats after it became unwell recently. It also donated blankets and wet and dry food. Randip Thompson, Mayhew director of income and engagement, said: "Colin's raw and honest story shines a light on the devastating impact that the cost-of-living crisis is having on many pet owners now. "Colin will not give up on his beloved cats and is committed to ensuring they all remain together, and we were so pleased to have been able to support this outcome. "However, there are many others who can no longer afford to keep their furry friends and who are facing a desperate choice of feeding themselves and their families or their pets. "This is why our work to keep animals and their pet owners together is more important than ever. "Every single penny donated to Mayhew adds up and is urgently needed. Visit Mayhew to donate."  