Manchester United staff members reportedly believe some players at the club think, deep down, they’re not up to standards at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag’s reign got off to a dire start on Sunday, with Brighton winning 2-1 in their Premier League opener. And, though it’s early days, it suggests more trouble is brewing. Manchester United appointed Ten Hag as their new manager earlier this summer, with the 52-year-old hired as a replacement for Ralf Rangnick. But hopes of a quick improvement were shot down on Sunday, with Brighton winning 2-1 courtesy of a brace from Pascal Gross - with Diogo Dalot pulling one back for the home side. United were dire throughout the showdown at Old Trafford and, now, The Athletic have revealed staff members think some players within the squad are insecure. It’s claimed they believe certain players think that, deep down, they’re ‘not up to the standard required for a club of United’s aspirations’. No names are mentioned. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But United had many bad performers on Sunday, despite many of the squad looking considerably improved during pre-season. David De Gea should have done better for Gross’ second goal, with the Spain international’s distribution also leaving much to be desired. Dalot and Luke Shaw were both poor in the full-back positions, while Harry Maguire and Lisandro Martinez didn’t click at centre-back. In midfield, Fred and Scott McTominay were both dreadful - with the scrutiny on the pair set to increase as the season goes on. And the likes of Bruno Fernandes, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford were all flat in attack - with the trio unable to make their mark on proceedings. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United will now be hoping to bounce back when they lock horns with Brentford at the Community Stadium on Saturday (5.30pm). But they’re already a club in crisis, just one match into the new Premier League campaign. United could add to their squad by the time the summer transfer window slams shut on September 1, with three new signings eyed. They’d like to recruit a right-back to provide competition for Dalot, at a time where both Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have been deemed surplus to requirements. United are pursuing a midfielder, with Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong their top transfer target in that position. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And, up top, the Red Devils are locked in talks with Red Bull Salzburg and Bologna for Benjamin Sesko and Marko Arnautovic respectively. Ten Hag, meanwhile, insisted United’s performance in the first half against Brighton contributed to their defeat. “I knew it could happen but I think we should have done better – that is clear,” said the 52-year-old. “But I know also it [improvement] will not come overnight. “At times we played better in pre-season. Today we had a really bad period in the first half and we have to learn from that.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And, when quizzed on whether United players’ confidence was low after last season’s shambles, he added: “I think so. That is also normal. “I didn’t expect that we are already a team that has had a lot of time together. “And I think that was the difference with our opponent: they have been a long time together with a certain plan and coach and we have not. “But still it was unnecessary to lose this game.” United’s defeat against Brighton was their first opening day loss since 2014, when they lost 2-1 to Swansea under Louis van Gaal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here