The seven-year-old Princess watched swimming heats and hockey before attending a separate engagement with SportsAid. The young Princess watched the events on the fifth day of the Games with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on her first engagement without her siblings. Her solo appearance with her parents demonstrated the affection and closeness between the trio. The young royal announced that her favourite sport is gymnastics and later managed to meet some of the gymnasts who competed. Charlotte had her hair in plaits paired with a sweet navy and white striped summer dress with a white peter pan collar and sandals. She caught the attention of royal fans during the sporting event as she pulled faces much like her younger brother Prince Louis, and also clapped and smiled while sitting in the stands. The royal trio attended the swimming heats at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre in Birmingham where the cheeky Princess was seen rolling her eyes at a remark from Prince William. The family supported and encouraged freestyle hopeful Luke Turley as he competed for England in the 1,500-metre freestyle. Along with her eye roll at her father, and other moments of bonding between the Duke, Duchess and Princess. At one point Charlotte was sitting in the stands at the arena in Birmingham and she placed both hands on the shoulders of her parents. READ MORE: BBC licence fee slammed as ‘one of the biggest stains’ on UK Royal commentator and journalist Angela Levin tweeted: “Absolutely lovely to see Princess Charlotte with her hands on both her parents’ shoulders. “I bet she’s thinking ‘They’re mine. Lucky me.’” Following a busy day of engagements, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrote on their Instagram account: “Thank you Birmingham! “Athletes, mascots, and an amazing atmosphere…an unforgettable day for all of us at #B2022! DON'T MISS: China will misinterpret Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan (COMMENT)Taiwan invasion headache for Xi as assault to leave army 'Vulnerable' (REVEAL)John Curtice issues major Tory leadership warning to Liz Truss  (INSIGHT) “A real highlight was going behind the scenes with @teamsportsaid and the @officialteamengland Futures where the next generation of athletes and support staff are helped to perform at their best, handle pressure and make the most of their experience at major Games.” Under the Instagram post, a user praised William and Kate’s parenting, saying: “I love how Kate and William are slowly starting to introduce the children into public engagements, but noticeably just fun things at the moment, where they can be relaxed and enjoy themselves. “… It’s so nice to see them out as a family just enjoying things together. “Kate and William are very generous with how much they share their children with us.”