Spiders are almost impossible to avoid in the autumn months as they appear in UK homes. They enter homes for a variety of reasons including warmth, shelter and finding a mate. End of Tenancy Cleaning have shared their most useful tricks for repelling the eight-legged creatures which includes essential oils, candles as well as a 30p citrus tip. The experts explained: “Peppermint oil is the best option, mainly because it has been scientifically proven to repel spiders. This is due to the fact that spiders smell through their legs, so as soon as they are hit with that overpowering scent of peppermint, they will flee because the smell is too strong for them. “We would recommend mixing peppermint oil with water in a spray bottle and then spraying the areas of your home that you have noticed to be susceptible to spiders. "However, because peppermint oil is toxic to pets, we recommend avoiding this method if you have any furry friends.” End of Tenancy cleaning said the cost for this tip is around £1.98, with bottles of peppermint available online as well as in stores such as Holland & Barrett. READ MORE: 'Act immediately': How to save your lawn from waterlogging amid rain According to End Of Tenancy Cleaning, citrus fruits are “extremely repulsive to spiders”. This includes using lemon juice or orange peels. The experts said: “Citrus, like peppermint, has a strong repellent effect on spiders, so mix freshly squeezed lemon juice with water and spray it around your home to keep them at bay. “Wiping orange peels on your windows and doorways is another effective method to keep them out of your house.” Citrus fruits can be picked up from supermarkets for as little as 30p, according to the cleaning experts. According to the experts, white vinegar is an “excellent natural spider repellent” because it contains acetic acid. They added: “They are extremely sensitive to it. It’s also something which most people have in their cupboard at home, and it isn’t toxic to pets and doesn’t have any harmful effects. “We recommend spraying half water, half vinegar over windows, your kitchen, and other entrances where bugs and spiders could be sneaking in.” End of Tenancy cleaning said the cost for using white vinegar around the home is around 32p and white vinegar can be purchased from stores such as Wilko. DON'T MISS:Peat composts to be banned from sale in garden centres from 2024 [EXPLAINER]How to help the garden recover from heat before ‘damaging’ rainfall [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £130k value to flat in ‘simple’ job [VIDEO] According to the experts, chestnuts repel spiders because they contain a natural oil that keeps them away from the home. By placing a few around your home or in windows, the eight-legged pests will not enter. End of Tenancy cleaning added: “Chestnuts typically harvest from mid-September through to November so make sure you’re on the lookout.” Britons can buy chestnuts for around £3 in supermarkets or can collect them for free outside during the autumn months. It is also thought that conkers can help to repel spiders, although this has never been proven by scientists. The experts explained: “Lighting candles can also keep spiders away from your home. This is mainly due to the spiders not liking a lot of different smells such as lemon, cinnamon and citronella. “They also dislike the smell of smoke, so blowing these candles out will also help keep them away. “Putting candles on windowsills is probably the best option for placement as windows are hotspots for spiders entering. You should also keep the candles out of reach from children to avoid any potential hazards.” Scented candles can be picked up affordably from various different places including supermarkets for as little as £1. READ MORE: ‘Natural’ deterrent to keep rats away this summer Spiders enter the home in various different ways, including squeezing through gaps under doors and around windows. Going into the winter months, it’ll benefit Britons to make sure these are properly sealed to keep cold air out as well as spiders. The experts added: “To keep them out, you could also try installing excluder strips at the bottom of doors. “Although this task requires some DIY, it is a very simple task that can be a more permanent solution than some of the other methods because it stops spiders at the source.” Although bright lights do not directly attract spiders, they do attract various bugs and insects that spiders feed on, including flies and moths. Turning outdoor lights off will help to remove the spiders’ direct food source from near your home, making them less likely to come close in the first place. Keeping the indoors of your home clean and tidy will help to prevent spiders hiding in various different places. The experts said: “Cobwebs will appear if your house is left unkept and leaving items such as food out on the counter will attract flies and other bugs into your home, attracting hungry siders. “They are also drawn to dark, cluttered environments, so make sure to dust on a regular basis and remove any piles of boxes or other household items.”