John Maguire spoke to Ed Slater about his charity bike ride to raise awareness for Motor Neurone Disease following the star rugby player's diagnosis with the condition this year. Unfortunately, the BBC Breakfast segment descended into chaos when Ed’s teammate, Jim Hamilton, was caught off-guard by a wardrobe malfunction. John’s interview with Ed and his teammates narrowly avoided a revealing early morning blunder on Tuesday. The athlete, his teammates and friends are cycling a massive 350 miles to raise money for the Motor Neurone Disease Association. Speaking to Ben Thompson and Sally Nugent back in the studio, the correspondent gathered the team before setting off on their second leg. John told the Breakfast presenters: “You’ll be thrilled to know we almost had an unfortunate incident a second ago.” READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed “Jim Hamilton's belly button was out - but he's covered it up now!” “Put it away!” he scolded Jim. “So we've saved that from everybody's breakfast cereals!” Jim shared a laugh with his fellow cyclists as he patted down his lycra to ensure everything was in place. He then gave viewers a very brief flash of his belly after all before John swiftly moved on to chat to the team about their race ahead. The group will be cycling from Leicester to Twickenham through Ed’s home town of Milton Keynes. Ed, 33, has not played rugby since January and has now decided to permanently retire from the sport after his diagnosis. He began his career in the Eastern Suburbs of Australia, before playing for Nottingham in the English Championship. He went on to win the 2012-13 league with his home club Leicester Tigers, before making his final move to Gloucester in 2017. DON'T MISS:NCIS star Pauley Perrette pays tribute to Olivia Newton-John [TRIBUTE]Yellowstone’s Ryan star pays tribute to season 5 newcomer [COMMENT]P-Valley fans ‘blown away’ by Megan Thee Stallion appearance [REACTION] After receiving his diagnosis in July, Ed took to Twitter with a touching message for all his supporters. “I want to say thank you to everyone for all your messages of support and generosity,” he wrote. “It gives me and my family a huge amount of strength in a time of sadness for us. “I will meet this challenge head-on. Ultimately I can’t win but I will fight with everything. Hope is not lost.” He added: “I also want to add a thank you to @JillADouglas and @MNDoddie5 who have been a huge support. “I’d also like to thank @mndassoc. Both are working to fight this disease for me and all my fellow battlers of MND as well as our loved ones.” Ed and the cyclists will be visiting his home club, Milton Keynes RFC, before stopping overnight at Twickenham and heading to Gloucester on Wednesday. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.