Law and Order Special Victims Unit will return to screens in September with its 24th season. After it was confirmed that Amanda Rollins star Kelli Giddish would be leaving the show, Mariska Hargitay left the boss emotional after showing her support.  After 12 seasons on the show, actress Kelli Giddish revealed she would be leaving the show and handing in her badge as Detective Amanda Rollins. In a statement, Kelli shared: “I wanted to address the chatter I’ve seen online and let everyone know that this will, indeed, be my last season on Law & Order: SVU. “Playing Rollins has been one of the greatest joys and privileges of my life. I’ve been so fortunate to be a part of the Law & Order family for the last 12 years. “There is simply no other character on TV like Rollins. She’s grown and changed, and I have as well.” READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview  Reflecting on her journey, Kelli added: “I started on this show when I was in my late 20s and I’m grateful I got to spend so many of my adult years with Rollins in my life.” In her statement, the actress then proceeded to thank the show’s bosses, the cast and the crew for their “incredible work". “I’m so excited to take all the things I have learned in my time on SVU and put them toward everything that’s next to come,” Kelli told TV Line. News of the actress’s departure left fans heartbroken as the publication revealed Rollins’ exit will take place in the first half of season 24.    As well as viewers, the show’s bosses including showrunner David Graziano were left emotional following the announcement. David was then left in tears after Olivia Benson star Mariska Hargitay showed him a touching and heartfelt display of support. Taking to Instagram the writer and producer posted a photo of Mariska sitting at his desk holding up a jumper which read: “What if it all works out.” DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits in pregnancy twist [THEORY]Law and Order SVU’s Kelli Giddish supported by co-stars after farewell [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU’s Mariska Hargitay share's present from set [INSIGHT] In the caption, he wrote: “Rough 24 hours and we’re all broken up about the news. “This absolute angel of a human sneaks into my office before I’m even in, and sends me a photograph with my own damn sweatshirt. “Battle-tested, Benson approved. I seriously have never witnessed such strength, wisdom and empathy in one person before." David added: “Truth is, she had me crying. Thanks for teaching me how to weather the storm…”  Fans took to the comments with admiration for the actress, this included @rachelmarlee who wrote: “This is so beautiful. Mariska is an Angel. And you’re amazing David.” @krystinalyssa shared: “Everything works out the way it’s meant to in the end!” A third fan @natlynne91 wrote: “She's pretty amazing! The sunshine through the storm.” The actress herself, Mariska commented on the post with encouragement and stated: “You got this.” Law and Order SVU season 24 premieres on NBC in the USA on September 22. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 