Manchester United finally have a first win of the Erik ten Hag era under their belts after a 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night. Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford scored in either half to give the home side all three points. Express Sport will now take a look at five players who must now be considered undroppable in the aftermath of such an impressive win and performance. For too long, now, Harry Maguire has been allowed to toil in United’s backline. Lisandro Martinez has been signed this summer, partly because of the England international’s alarming dip in form and failure to achieve consistency. The Argentina international suffered against Brentford but was actually better than Maguire in the chastening 2-0 defeat to Brighton. And he showed against Liverpool exactly what he’s capable of, producing a gladiatorial display at the back to keep Robert Firmino quiet. Martinez will suffer against some of the Premier League big boys but his talent, both on and off the ball, was evident as they put Jurgen Klopp’s side to the sword. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Raphael Varane has suffered with injuries since joining United from Real Madrid. But when the France international is fit, and available for selection, he has to start. Period. Varane wasn’t as standout as Martinez but, like when he was in his prime at the Bernabeu, went about his job with due diligence and without a fight. Maguire, it seems, just sets this team back. And Varane and Martinez can now offer United a foundation to build on as they look to rapidly climb up the table and try and qualify for next season’s Champions League. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Luke Shaw was another player who was demoted to the bench in the wake of the defeat to Brentford last weekend. And Tyrell Malacia’s sensational performance suggests Shaw’s days of being a regular in this team are over, much like Maguire. The England international has been inconsistent for around a year, ever since he did well for the Three Lions at the European Championships. And Malacia now looks like an upgrade. The former Feyenoord star was a big presence at both ends of the pitch and provided the Red Devils with the energy they’ve been lacking at left-back for some time now. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Jadon Sancho hasn’t always been a regular for United since moving from Borussia Dortmund last summer. But the England international was a menace against Liverpool and, on the right wing, must now be given the chance to make that position his own. The 21-year-old has been used on the left but looks far better on the opposite flank, as his display against the Reds showed. United can’t keep rotating every week. And Sancho is one of the players who has now proved he deserves to be United’s main man, especially now he’s got a much-needed goal under his belt. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Normally, United deploy Cristiano Ronaldo up top. But with the Portugal international a far more static figure than he used to be, Marcus Rashford deserves the chance to lead the line more often. Of course, Anthony Martial is likely to be the club’s first-choice No 9. Yet Rashford and the 26-year-old can rotate positions on the field, offering the Red Devils an unpredictable edge in the process. Rashford spent most of the second half of last season stuck on the bench. But with his confidence returning, there will be hopes the 24-year-old can rediscover the magic of old. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here