Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay is interesting Juventus at a time where the Red Devils are eyeing Adrien Rabiot, according to reports. Erik ten Hag has insisted he sees great potential in the Scotland international. However, the 25-year-old remains a polarising figure at the club after struggling in the club’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton on Sunday. Manchester United are interested in signing Rabiot from Juventus. Though Frenkie de Jong has been their main target, the Red Devils are eyeing a deal for the France international as they look to improve their midfield options. It’s been reported today that United have even agreed a fee for Rabiot, with Juventus open to letting him go following the arrivals of Deniz Zakaria and Paul Pogba this summer. And, on Sunday night before other outlets picked up the story, JuveDipendenza claimed Rabiot was on United’s radar. It’s also claimed McTominay could head in the opposite direction, with the Scotland international interesting Juventus. Ten Hag has repeatedly backed the 25-year-old, insisting he’ll come good under his guidance. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But McTominay was dire on Sunday as United slipped to a chastening 2-1 defeat to Brighton in their opening Premier League match. Juventus are well-stocked for midfielders but Massimiliano Allegri, it seems, is an admirer of the United academy graduate. And while a fee has been agreed, it’s possible McTominay will head to Juventus in the opposite direction as part of the arrangement. United need midfielders to arrive before the transfer window slams shut on September 1, having lost Pogba and Nemanja Matic so far this summer. Pogba quit Old Trafford to return to Turin after six erratic years in England, though an injury means fans will have to wait to see him properly in Juventus’ black and white colours. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And Matic departed to secure a reunion with Jose Mourinho at Roma. Meanwhile, speaking after United’s defeat to Brighton, Roy Keane blasted both McTominay and Fred - insisting the pair have ‘no footballing intelligence’. “The [lack of] decision-making and football intelligence from midfield, particularly Fred,” he said. “I’ve been going on about it for a long time – Fred and [Scott] McTominay are not good enough. “They won't get Manchester United back competing at the top. We see it week in, week out. They're not up to it.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Paul Scholes was also critical, too. Scholes said: “It was a shocking start for Man United and the first half was shambolic really. “The signs were there right from the first few minutes that this was going to be bad. “McTominay was always trying to run with the ball, ridiculous. The quality in the middle of the pitch was really poor. “I was happy he didn't get sent off [for a high challenge] but I think he was slightly lucky. Again, he's running with the ball, absolutely ridiculous. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It could easily have been a red card. "The quality in the middle of the pitch was nowhere near good enough but we've seen that for the last few years with these two players. “With Fred and McTominay, he [Ten Hag] is going to have to go with just one of them but even one of them is probably too many. “Fred gives the ball away all the time and McTominay's trying to run with the ball constantly and then gives it away. “Pass it to your best players! It's not that difficult. It's criminal on a day like today.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here