Sandra McBride, 47, stole tens of thousands of pounds in working tax credit and child tax credit over a period of nearly five years. A court heard the mother of four "buried her head in the sand" after failing to notify the authorities her husband had moved back into the marital home in Moreton, Merseyside. It meant between December 2014 and April 2019 the woman claimed a total of £62,874.06, to which which she was not entitled. She's only paid back £710 of this sum so far, Liverpool Echo says. And she dodged jail after a judge suspended her eight-month imprisonment for one year at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday. Judge Gary Woodhall said: "You were under a duty to notify the authorities when circumstances changed. You were quick to do that when circumstances changed in your favour, but you did not notify them of this change. "In around four years and eight months, you received a total of £62,874.06 which you were not entitled to. To date, only £710 of these tens of thousands of pounds have been repaid.  "That's money taken from the public purse, which those who pay taxes fund. References speak highly positively about your character and the support given for others. You are described as showing regret and remorse. It is not suggested that you have lived an extravagant lifestyle and you continue to have debts. "Although ordinarily, this sum of money would mean you have to go to prison immediately, on reflection - looking particularly at the progress you have made to became non-reliant on benefits - I've concluded that a suspended sentence will allow you to pay back in the community. But you have come very close."  McBride, now proprietor of the Greenland Fishery Hotel in Merseyside, informed Wirral Council in March 2014 her partner Colin was no longer living at their address. However, they reconciled a "short period" later but McBride failed to report this to the authority, and that Mr McBride was in full-time employment. The court heard the situation had left the defendant "embarrassed" and had caused "a great deal of anxiety and stress". The mum admitted benefit fraud and cheating the public revenue during an earlier hearing. Matthew O'Neill, defending, said: "The defendant accepts that she had been living with her husband for some time and they broke up for a short period of time. That's when the fraud in fact started. "It was a simple case of her burying her head in the sand, albeit for a very lengthy period of time. The issue today for the court is whether any custodial sentence can be suspended or not. "The defendant is described as a very caring mother who has brought her children up very well. In effect, her youngest child has now moved back in with her as she suffers from a number of various conditions which require her mother to assist her on a daily basis.  "A prison sentence would in my submission have a detrimental effect on others, that being her youngest daughter. She plays a more prominent role in the relationship as opposed to the father, who is out working on a daily basis. "It's been a very difficult and embarrassing time for Ms McBride. It has caused her a great deal of anxiety and stress knowing that ultimately she would be before the court for a very serious offence, one which carries an immediate custodial sentence." McBride must also complete 250 hours of unpaid work and pay a victim surcharge.