Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag could eventually benefit from losing out on transfer target Benjamin Sesko, who has reportedly agreed to join RB Leipzig in 2023. The Red Devils were among a host of clubs chasing the teenager, but his move to the Bundesliga heavyweights could boost their chances of landing sought-after frontman Christopher Nkunku. Sesko, 19, is tipped to have a big campaign after making a strong start in the Austrian Bundesliga and dazzling in a pre-season win over Liverpool. The Slovenian striker bamboozled James Milner with a spectacular skill move and finished off an eye-catching attack to score what turned out to be the winner against the Reds. His agent had a packed schedule over the past few weeks with Chelsea and Man Utd meetings both reported, but RB Leipzig look to have landed the killer blow. With RB Salzburg refusing to sell this summer, a deal is now in place to see Sesko head to the Bundesliga in 12 months' time. While missing out will leave a bitter taste for United fans, the move could improve their chances of landing Nkunku either in January or next summer. JUST IN: Chelsea fans rage at Timo Werner transfer fee as RB Leipzig close in - 'Absolutely nuts' Sesko's prospective arrival in Leipzig should leave them well-stocked for attacking talent, particularly with Timo Werner poised to undergo a medical on Tuesday after agreeing a cut-price move from Chelsea. As such, parting company with Nkunku, who notched 33 goal contributions in 34 Bundesliga matches last term, may not be out of the question. Competition for the Frenchman's signature is expected to be fierce when a £50.4million release clause becomes active next summer, but United could benefit from making their move in January. If Ten Hag and co are willing to pay a larger sum, Leipzig could be tempted to cut ties with the 24-year-old and allow the Red Devils to beat the rush. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window United's chances could be even higher if Werner rediscovers his goal-scoring form of old as he bids to find momentum ahead of the World Cup, while the idea of cashing in on Nkunku early may appeal to Leipzig bosses who will anticipate Sesko's arrival just a few months down the line. Coughing up some extra cash could make all the difference for United with Chelsea and a collection of other top sides tailing the former Paris Saint-Germain youngster. Last campaign was by far and away Nkunku's best in front of goal, obliterating his previous-best total of seven goals in all competitions by amassing 35.  While United may fancy their chances in light of Leipzig's new attacking riches, Nkunku has previously expressed a strong affinity for PSG. "Paris, I’ve always said it, it’s my home, my heart club," he said earlier this year. "I don’t close any doors. Everything is possible in football. It’s flattering to have the biggest clubs in the world interested in me. "But it’s also flattering that Leipzig is doing everything to keep me. We are in June, and I am focused on this gathering [with the French national team]."