Dame Maggie Smith is one of the most well-respected actresses of all time, having starred in more than 60 films and 70 plays. Channel 5 recently took a look back at her immense talent and an acting career, which spans seven decades, in The Marvellous Maggie Smith: A Celebration. One poignant life event explored was the loss of Maggie's second husband, Beverly Cross, which Miriam Margolyes described as "awful" for Maggie, who was "utterly stricken" by grief following the unexpected tragedy. After 23 years of marriage, Maggie's husband, playwright Beverly, died suddenly. During the revealing documentary, Miriam commented on the impact this had had on Maggie. "I never met Beverly Cross, but I know that he adored Maggie," she explained. She added: "[I know] that he was wonderful to her, that he took care of her. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history "And that she loved him very much, and she was utterly stricken when she lost him." The Harry Potter star went on to conclude: "It was awful." Biographer Michael Coveney stated: "She's [Maggie] quite good with her own company, but she does find it odd to be living a life where you're not doing it for somebody else, or you're not number one in somebody else's life. "She was used to that all her life, really, and needed it." The documentary explored how Maggie dealt with her grief by throwing herself into her work. A few years later, she appeared in Robert Altman's Gosford Park - a film that supplied writer Julian Fellowes with the blueprint for the hugely successful Downton Abbey, in which Maggie also starred. On her Gosford Park character Constance Trentham, writer Julian reflected: "Looking back, I'm quite surprised she did it, really." Talking about her depiction of his character, he remarked: "She can play a pretty unsympathetic character but she doesn't really become unsympathetic herself." DON'T MISS... Business expert lauds UK prospects over post-recession EU [LATEST]Joan Fontaine admits Hitchcock kept stars at loggerheads [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert values Titanic memorabilia from last survivor [LATEST] Maggie, now 87, began her career in the '50s and has since gone on to become one of the most celebrated actresses. The star has won two Academy Awards, seven BAFTA Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, five Screen Actors Guild Awards, four Primetime Emmy Awards and a Tony Award. In 1990, the prolific British actress was made a Dame by Queen Elizabeth II for her contributions to the Arts. More recently, she is probably best known for portraying the iconic Professor Minerva McGonagall in the Harry Potter film series between 2001 and 2011. Actress and Maggie fan Nina Wadia admitted: "I didn't take to the Harry Potter films instantly, I did because my kids did and so I kind of got into it. "But the minute I knew that Dame Maggie Smith was in it, I was gone. "I was like, 'Yeah, I'll watch this, it's great.' And the first time you see her kind of evolving from this cat... She keeps the qualities of that as well, she keeps the elements, her voice is fantastic." The Marvellous Maggie Smith is available to watch on My5.