Prince Harry and Meghan are visiting the UK next month. Although the couple have announced their visit to the UK, as well as Germany, they are reportedly not wanting to "create a fanfare". Speaking, via video link, to Australia's Today, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers discussed the Sussexes' upcoming trip. Mr Myers descibed the "whistlestop tour" as very much "business-like". He added: "They want to have all the focus on the charities. "That's probably why we won't get them, you know, back with the Fab Four, William and Kate and their families. "They don't want to create a fanfare." READ MORE: 'Huge shock' Meghan Markle 'taken aback' by Harry revelations as 'raw feelings' emerge Speaking on the couple's visit for the Platinum Jubilee, he said: "I think there was a lot said about their involvement in the Platinum Jubilee. "People were very very worried about whether their, sort of, coming to the Uk would overshadow the Queen's big celebration. "So, maybe they'll be keeping a low profile over this side of the pond, because they don't tend to do that when they're over in the states." Mr Myers stated that the couple will also be "hot-footing" over to Düsseldorf in Germany after landing in the UK. READ MORE: Queen won't see Archie and Lilibet AGAIN as Meghan and Harry 'not bringing children' to UK They will then travel back to London for the Wellchild Awards on September 8. The planned visit is the couple's first time in the UK since the Platinum Jubilee. The couple's spokesperson didn't mention if Meghan and Harry would be accompanied by their children, Archie and Lilibet. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan UK and Germany visit: Every scheduled event [SCHEDULE]Meghan and Harry to star in defaced currencies artwork [REPORT]Royal fans gush as Meghan Markle announces date for 'keynote speech' [REPORT] However, ITV royal producer Lizzie Robinson said it is unlikely that they will bring their children with them. "I do understand they are not bringing the children with them on this occasion.", Ms Robinson said on the broadcast. READ NEXT: