Olivia Newton-John died peacefully at the age of 73 at her home in southern California on Monday, surrounded by her family and friends. Tottie Goldsmith, 59, revealed the Grease star's health deteriorated in the days leading up to her death, saying she became "really skinny and unwell". Totti, who lives in Melbourne, said the family had been prepared for the Australian entertainment icon's death. During a candid interview with A Current Affair on Tuesday, Olivia's niece broke down in tears as she recalled the actress and singer's final moments. "It's not a shock, we've known how sick she's been, especially the last five days," Tottie explained. "John, her husband, has kept us in the loop and I've been talking to the beautiful Chloe a lot." READ MORE: Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie The actress revealed how she said her final goodbye to her beloved aunt over FaceTime two days ago. Tottie went on: "I couldn't get to America in time and I wanted to say goodbye, so I asked him if he could hold the phone up to her ear, but he got me on Facetime so I managed to see her. "I told her all the things I needed to say. "She was leaving us... but I could feel like she got it."  Totti, whose mother was Olivia's sister, revealed more about the performer's last moments. While the family had remained "optimistic" her health had begun to decline. Totti shared it was not only cancer but the actress having a weakened immune system that contributed to her debilitating condition. "She got secondary infections and she really went down in the past five, six days," she shared. DON'T MISS... Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games[LATEST]John Travolta pens tribute to 'dearest' Olivia Newton-John amid death[TRIBUTES]Sam Womack reveals she has cancer in tribute to Olivia Newton-John[INSTAGRAM] Olivia's niece also opened up about the pair's final conversation and said her aunt explained she was not afraid of dying. "She was really skinny and really unwell and I said to her, 'Are you afraid of dying?" Tottie said. "She said, 'Plonker', which was my nickname, she said, 'I'm not, I'm not afraid, I've done more in my life than I could have ever imagined.' "She honestly never imagined her life would be how it was." Host Tracy Grimshaw asked Tottie what Olivia would have been most of proud and she confirmed it was definitely the Grease star's daughter Chloe. Tottie later shared the family will accept the offer of a state funeral, which has been made by Australian politician and Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews. "I think Australia needs it," she said.