Manchester United have so far refused to ‘bump up’ their offer to Barcelona to cover the money Frenkie de Jong is owed by the club, according to reports. Erik ten Hag would love to be reunited with the 25-year-old, who he previously managed at Ajax. But, with a deal in limbo, the Red Devils are pushing ahead with plans to lure Adrien Rabiot away from Juventus. Manchester United have spent 90 days trying to sign De Jong from Barcelona. The Netherlands international was swiftly identified as a top Ten Hag target earlier in the summer, with the Red Devils since proceeding to agree a £63million fee for the player. According to ESPN, however, United are flatly refusing to cover the costs Barcelona owe De Jong. The former Ajax star agreed to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, with Barcelona now owning him between £14m and £17m in unpaid wages. Yet United won’t do Barcelona a favour, meaning a move to Old Trafford remains in the balance. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative It’s claimed United are also worried De Jong is being offered to some of Europe’s top clubs, with Chelsea in the mix. The Blues would be able to offer the player Champions League football, something United can’t after their sixth-placed finish last term. Paris Saint-Germain are one team concerning the Red Devils, too, with the European giants previously trying to sign De Jong from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Bayern Munich are another worry, too, even though the Bundesliga giants have used the bulk of their budget on deals for Matthijs de Ligt and Sadio Mane. Regarding Rabiot, the France international is ‘keen’ to move to Old Trafford this summer. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join His agent and mother, Veronique, has 'started preliminary talks’ with United. Rabiot is said to think the Red Devils are still one of the biggest clubs in the world, despite their plight in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And all signs currently point to the 27-year-old making the move to the Premier League this summer. United have made contact with a number of midfielders in the event they miss out on De Jong. And Rabiot seems to be their top alternative, despite links to the likes of Ruben Neves, Youri Tielemans and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Meanwhile, speaking recently, former Tottenham star Jamie O’Hara labelled United’s pursuit of De Jong as ‘embarrassing’ and urged them to move on to alternatives. O'Hara told Sky Sports News: "Move on, move on. It's been a joke. It's almost embarrassing now that they're still trying to pursue it. "If it hasn't happened now, it's not going to happen. This is Manchester United we're talking about, one of the biggest clubs in the world. "I know they don't have the biggest pull anymore because of the way the club's gone, but if the player's still turning around saying 'I don't want to leave, I want to stay at Barcelona', they're messing around trying to sort the wages that he's owed, just move on from him. "There's plenty of other top-class players out there that you can sign and you don't want a player ending up coming to the football club almost against his will, in a way. That doesn't sit right with me." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And he added: "If Manchester United phoned me when I was in my prime, and a lot of players would say the same, you're on the plane, next day 'I'm going to Manchester United'. “Now, if a player's saying 'no I don't want to go', then alright see you later then, we'll get someone else." United are next in action against Brentford on Saturday (5.30pm). They beat the Bees both home and away last season but, after Sunday’s loss to Brighton, are under extra pressure to win. They've never lost their opening two Premier League fixtures in the modern era. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here