Tottenham will be looking to make a flying start to the new campaign when they face off against Southampton on Saturday, but Antonio Conte still has a number of key decisions to make between now and then. Express Sport takes a look at four issues Conte still needs to resolve in the next few days. Conte has an abundance of options on the wings now following the arrivals of both Ivan Perisic and Djed Spence. Prior to the final pre-season friendly against Roma, it was Ryan Sessegnon and Emerson Royal who had played by far the most minutes on the left and right respectively. But Conte changed things up against the Italian side with both Matt Doherty and Perisic starting and playing the majority of the match. The latter two are still proving their fitness after recovering from injuries, but it's not yet clear who will be Conte's favoured starting wing-backs. Sergio Reguilon looks set to leave with Barcelona among several clubs interested in the Spaniard. Tottenham's big-money signing of the summer was utilised on the left as well as more central during his time at Everton and was their top scorer with 10 goals last season. But whether he comes in as a regular starter or not remains to be seen with Dejan Kulusevski, Harry Kane and Son Heung-min striking up a deadly partnership in the second half of last season.  The Brazilian is the kind of rotation player Conte was crying out for last year, but he also comes across as the sort of forward who needs a run of games to build up some form. Richarlison was placed on the right wing against Sevilla last month, but struggled to make much of an impact. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg will once again be expected to be a regular starter for Tottenham at the heart of their midfield. But Yves Bissouma's arrival gives Conte a bit of a selection headache going into the first match of the season. Much like Kulusevski, Bentancur made a big impact following his arrival in January and struck up a good partnership with Hojbjerg. However, Bissouma comes in as one of the deals of the summer with Tottenham beating a number of clubs to his signature.  Rotation will be needed with Champions League football back this year, but who comes in as the regular starter alongside Hojbjerg remains to be seen. Both central defenders are leaving on loan moves away from Tottenham and that could leave Conte with just five options. Davinson Sanchez, Cristian Romero, Eric Dier and Clement Lenglet will all be fighting for starting spots in the three central positions while Ben Davies is expected to provide cover where necessary. But injuries to just two of them at the same time could leave Conte in a pickle he would rather avoid. Marc Guehi has been tipped as an option for Tottenham all summer and, once Rodon and Tanganga leave on loan, Tottenham may need to make their move.