Manchester United target Antony has already overcome two big obstacles ahead of a potential move to Old Trafford. European football expert and commentator Kevin Hatchard claims the Brazilian can deal with the pressure of playing for the Red Devils, and also his history with Erik ten Hag will put him in good stead. Antony is United's top winger target for the remainder of the summer transfer window. But Ajax want over £80million for the 22-year-old, an asking price that is yet to be matched. He came through the academy at Sao Paulo and had one full season in the first team before leaving for Ajax in February 2020. Hatchard says the pressure of playing for Sao Paulo, as well as a team as big as Ajax, has put Antony in a good position to progress his career. He told Sky Sports News: "He had a tough upbringing in some ways and he then had to deal with the pressure of playing for his hometown club Sao Paulo. They don't let you off with much in Brazil, you have to perform and you have to perform straight away. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong plan, Chelsea Barca threat, Zaniolo to Spurs  "So you deal with that pressure straight away. At a young age he made the move to a massive club in Ajax, it is the biggest club in the Netherlands. "And so he's dealt with pressure already." Antony was signed by Ten Hag at Ajax and played two seasons under the Dutchman. Hatchard believes that will put him at an advantage if he does finalise a move to England. He added: "The fact that he knows Erik ten Hag will help. DON'T MISSMan Utd have a swap deal that can change everything on Antony dealArsenal told Pedro Neto price tag by Wolves as Arteta plots late transferChelsea learn new price for Fofana as Leicester 'ready to sell' defender  "If you listen to the way he speaks, he's very mature for a guy that's still only in his early 20s. A parent already, so he's a guy in a hurry. I think he's somebody who can definitely deal with that pressure. "I keep coming back to it but I think it's relevant, that Ten Hag factor. He knows exactly what he's going to get from Antony. "Antony knows the kind of tactical schemes that Ten Hag, he knows what will be required when he doesn't have the ball, when he does have the ball. So that does give him a bit of a leap."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt