Brendan Rodgers has reportedly told Wesley Fofana that his best chance of making France's World Cup squad is by staying with Leicester. The 21-year-old defender appears to be eyeing a move to Stamford Bridge after Chelsea saw their opening two offers for Fofana rebuffed. Yet they are still expected to try again, this coming week. Chelsea are believed to have made two offers worth an estimated £63million and £70m - both of which were rejected instantly. Leicester have made it clear that Fofana is not for sale at any cost but the centre-back is said to be open to a move to west London, as he believes it could help his chances of making Didier Deschamps' squad for Qatar. Nonetheless, The Athletic are now reporting that Rodgers has told Fofana that Leicester represents his best chance of being selected for the tournament. The Foxes are set to continue naming Fofana in their starting XI while at Chelsea, competition for places remains fierce. READ MORE: Chelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comeback Still, the former Saint-Etienne man is eager to test himself at the highest level and wants to experience Champions League football. Rodgers has made it clear on many occasions that Fofana is not for sale, a position that remains unchanged in the aftermath of Chelsea's two bids. The Northern Irishman said: "He’s not for sale. He still has lots of improvements to make. He’s very happy here, he really enjoys being here. "Naturally he will attract the interest of other clubs. Our job, in not signing anyone so far, is to at least keep the players we have. I know that’s the intention of the club." READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham deal Chelsea have not been put off by Leicester's stubbornness though and they could yet raise their offer to £80m. The Blues may have to smash Harry Maguire's £80m world record fee (for a defender) in order to land their man as Todd Boehly continues to splash the cash. Other targets have already been identified but Chelsea are now ready to give up on Fofana just yet and there's confidence a deal can be struck. Behind the scenes, Fofana is believed to be playing his part in attempting to seal a transfer having removed Leicester from his social media bios. He headed straight down the tunnel on Sunday as Leicester threw away a 2-0 lead to draw 2-2 with Brentford. Leicester boss Rodgers was full of praise for his performance against the Bees, stating: “Outstanding (when asked what he made of Fofana's display). He was up against a tough opponent (Ivan Toney). "He (Toney) is aggressive but I thought Fofana was very good. For someone who is just 21, he was excellent in defending forward and strongly.” Leicester have also made it clear Fofana's team-mate James Maddison is not for sale with the club still yet to sign a player this summer.