Daniela Sponder and her family made the 180-mile trip from Croydon, south London, to Nottinghamshire to visit the holiday park on July 1. Having paid just under £1,100 for a week's stay, the family was fuming when they saw the state of the lodge's patio, which was covered in bird excrement. The lodge by the lake, which the family had forked out extra for, was in no fit state to be enjoyed, Daniela claims. The 35-year-old, who works in HR, raised a complaint with guest services on the site, and says she was told it would be sorted within the next 24-hours and that it would be jet washed. However, that time came and went, and she had to raise the issue again, reports Nottinghamshire Live. Eventually, workers came out to clean it, but they used a bucket, mop and bleach. Daniela was furious with the staff for using bleach in an area where her children, aged 16-weeks and two, would have played. She said she did not let her children play near the patio due to bleach being used.  She said: "When they arrived with that, I thought are you having a laugh? "The equipment was completely inadequate with inappropriate methods used, there was a lack of common sense and it's a massive health and safety hazard. "Even when we got to the lodge and saw the bird poo. "I understand we were near a lake and it can get dirty very quickly, but I just wanted there to be the highest standard of cleaning possible and it was filthy. "There was no chance my children were going anywhere near that. It was a bit of a disappointing trip in that sense. "We were really looking forward to it, as we couldn't go abroad this year because of the birth of my daughter, it suited us well and it was a little adventure. "But since all that happened, it's put us right off ever going back." After coming home from their holiday on July 8, Daniela raised a complaint with Center Parcs, but says she has been left "disgusted" at how it has been handled. She wants a "sincere apology" from Center Parcs. Daniela said: "I did receive a response from them, saying that the situation was out of their control, but I thought that's not good enough, and wanted to escalate it to management. "But I don't believe this was done and I don't think it was handled in the appropriate manner. "It's all well and good when money is taken, but basic safety and hygienic matters were not taken into consideration. We're talking about young children being able to play outside but they can't because of the bleach." Center Parcs declined to comment.