On Tuesday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, presenters Sally Nugent and Jon Kay spoke to the award-winning 37-year-old about his new guide on leaving social media. Although when the comedian seemed to mock people’s grief, viewers slammed the interview. Introducing James to viewers, Jon stated that it has been three years since he’s been off social media before asking how he’s coping. The comedian said he’s been doing well and told Sally that the main reason he decided to quit was because he was bored of it. Speaking about his book, James said he didn’t want people to think it’s a serious guide on leaving social media as he thinks it is great but was just on it too much himself. Sally asked the comedian what he’s been doing over the past three years to keep himself busy since he’s been disconnected from the virtual world.   James revealed that the main thing is to be able to get a real live version of anything that you would have online. He said: “I used to love going online every time a celebrity died and letting everyone know how much their death had affected me. “I think the main thing we do on social media is compete on who's grieving the most for each celebrity death. “So I’d made sure, if a celebrity died, I’d hold a really moving vigil and be as vocal as possible about my grief.”   Presenter Jon could be heard awkwardly laughing while James was talking about celebrity deaths on the show. The comedian continued: “Often I’d hold it next to the funeral itself, probably in the graveyard and compete with the actual funeral party to see who missed them the most. “That takes up a lot of time, a lot of people died actually, it’s been hectic.” Although James’ comments were meant to come across as a light-hearted joke, many viewers watching weren’t impressed.   Taking to Twitter, Dave slammed: “#bbcbreakfast this guy is so funny! Reminds me of toothache! He’s got the cheek to criticise Ricky Gervais!” Steph added: “Painful viewing. Trying to interview James Acaster about quitting social media and he's like... its a joke book. #bbcbreakfast.” Brian commented: “Fake comedian mocking fake grief is not the lack of self awareness I was expecting on #BBCBreakfast this morning.” Ha'way The Ladsx, FTM: ”I'd rather have toothache for the rest of my life than watch this self-proclaimed "comedian" on #bbcbreakfast.   When James had finished speaking, Jon told him he could see how that could be time consuming before quickly moving the conversation on to another topic. They then asked if he’s tempted to have an anonymous account online with James instantly holding his hands up in defiance. He said: “I did that once! called Jame Bacaster, I did that and it takes you over.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays on BBC at 6am. 