The content creator uses her TikTok account @budget_eco_mama to post eco-living tips and tricks. She aims to make "eco choices easy". She also posts her eco-friendly choices on her Instagram account, @budget_eco_mama. She posts a fan hack to help Britons keep their houses cooler amid the latest heatwave to hit the UK. She claimed the trick will mean Britons are using their fan efficiently to beat the hot weather. While many will simply point a fan at themselves to keep cool, there are other ways to use a fan some claim are even more effective. Jen told her followers: "When it's hot inside by cooling down outside, open the windows on both sides of the house and point a fan out of the window. "Hot air is blown out leaving space for the cool air from outside to come in." READ MORE: How to stay cool in a heatwave: 5 hacks to make your fan even colder as 40C heat blasts UK Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Jen's trick is likely to be especially useful at night when the temperature outside has dropped. However, if it's hotter outside than inside, point your fan facing inwards instead. Some suggested a way to make Jen's hack even more effective. One suggested: "Windows open downstairs on one side, windows open on the opposite side with fan upstairs. heat rises and this will push hot air up and out." "Downstairs in, upstairs out," another one added, seconding the first commenter. DON'T MISS'Keeps you cool!': 'Low-cost' water bottle hack to beat the heat [TRICK] 65p tin foil hack to ‘effectively’ keep homes cool [HEATWAVE] Doc shares forehead trick to get to sleep in the heat [HOW TO] Bucket of ice Put a bucket of ice in front of your fan, if you can. As the air passes over the ice will get even colder. The cold from the ice will then be pushed around the room by your fan. Freeze a bottle If a bucket of ice is not possible, freeze water in a bottle instead and place this in front of the fan. Cover the fan with a damp cloth and then allow this method to chill your room. There are a few ways to do this, and it can be done differently depending on how many fans you have. Create a crosswind with one fan Open one window and close the others in the room. Then find one other window across from the first one. Open the second window and then turn the fan on. This should create a breeze. Create a crosswind with two fans Open one window and place a fan in front of it, blowing air into the room. Next, find a window opposite the first window, with a straight line between them. Put a second fan in front of the second window, and after opening the window, blowing air out of the window. When both fans are on a breeze should flow across the room, cooling inhabitants down.