Cierra Mist is a flight attendant who shares her travels on her social media. Cierra posts travel advice and insight on her TikTok account @cierra_mistt, where she has 3.1 million followers. Recently she addressed "frequently asked questions I get as a flight attendant." One such FAQ is precisely why cabin crew stand at the doors of the plane and greet travellers. She said: "Ever wonder why we awkwardly stand at the entrance of the plane and greet you? "While you may think we're just saying hello or being friendly, what we're doing is actually judging you hardcore, but not in the way that you might think." READ MORE: 'Always, always pack it': Flight attendant's crucial packing tip - what to carry on plane The airline employee explained cabin crew is looking for people who might be able to help them in an emergency. "We love greeting you, we're providing a customer service," Cierra explained. "But more importantly, we're looking you up and down trying to determine if you've made a good ABP, or abled body passenger, on our flight. "A few good examples of ABP might be nurses, military, police. "Typically, passengers who might be able to assist us flight attendants, in case we have an emergency while in flight." DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares disgusting plane food revelation [SHOCK] Genius flight attendant hotel room trick to create black-out blinds [TIP] Flight attendant divulges the best time of day to fly [TRAVEL EXPERT] So what exactly are flight attendants looking for when they look for a ABP? Flight attendants are looking for passengers who look healthy, coherent, can understand the cabin crew, and are fit. Cabin crew may also talk to passengers during the flight to assess further, or look for more useful information. They are more likely to assess as passengers as ABP if they are also cabin crew, in the army or firefighters, etc. It is always important to smile and say hello to flight attendants, Cierra has told her fans. This is one of her expert tips to "get free drinks and upgrades". She said: "Whenever you're first getting on the plane and you see a flight attendant standing there and greeting you the nicest thing you can do is acknowledge that, and even respond. "The amount of times that people actually acknowledge that we're saying something to them is slim to none. "So, I promise you will stand out, but in a great way." Another flight attendant tip recently detailed an item of clothing to "always, always" take on the plane with you. Cabin crew professional Caroline, 28, from Florida, said: "This is simple but I can't tell you how many times a day I get asked for a blanket by someone wearing shorts and a crop top on the plane. "Always, always, always bring a sweatshirt on the plane, to the airport. "The airport is freezing, the plane can sometimes be cold."