Manchester United finally got a first win under Erik ten Hag with a 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night. Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford bagged in either half to send the home crowd wild and give the Red Devils a much-deserved all three points. Express Sport will now take a look at four players who stood out during the showdown at Old Trafford. Big things were expected of Sancho when he joined United in a huge £73million deal last summer. He went on to endure a quiet first season at Old Trafford, scoring just three Premier League goals and blowing hot and cold under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But this performance against Liverpool was electric, with the England international finding the net early on with a cool strike. Sancho maintained his composure, despite being surrounded by white shirts, to coolly slot home past Alisson to send Old Trafford wild. United will now be hoping their wing wizard can kick on, especially given his huge talent and potential to get even better in the coming years ahead. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Rashford has endured a difficult year. Since missing for England in the final of the European Championships last summer, he’s proceeded to struggle under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But on a night where Cristiano Ronaldo was dropped to the bench, Rashford rediscovered his scoring touch. The England international was a threat all game, with his speed putting the Reds on the back foot and ensuring they dominated proceedings. And his goal in the second half was the icing on top of the cake, with Rashford keeping his cool to slot past Alisson Becker in the second half. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already  Lisandro Martinez was arguably the worst player on the pitch as United lost 4-0 to Brentford last week. It would have been easy for Ten Hag to drop the Argentina international in the aftermath of that debacle, regardless of their previous relationship at Ajax. But Martinez enjoyed his best game yet for United against Liverpool, with the former Ajax star managing to keep Robert Firmino quiet. Martinez also showed his class by bringing the ball out from the back and was more than happy to go to war with James Milner when the Liverpool star attempted to engage him in battle. A block to deny Mohamed Salah was impressive, too. Harry Maguire’s days of being a regular in the team may just be over… Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Before the game, many feared Diogo Dalot having another tough day at the office given he’d be going up against Luis Diaz. But despite the Liverpool star being one of the best forwards in the Premier League, he was barely given a sniff. This was Dalot at his best, at both ends of the field. He kept Diaz quiet while also offering an outlet in attack over the course of the 90 minutes. Tyrell Malacia also deserves a shout out as well. Picked over Luke Shaw, he managed to prevent Mohamed Salah from running riot - until the closing stages. Something the Red Devils were unable to do when they lost 5-0 in the same fixture last season… Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United fans won’t have long to wait until their next game. The Red Devils face off against Southampton in the early kick off on Saturday, where they’ll be hoping to put their opponents to the sword. One player who could feature in that showdown is Casemiro, whose move from Real Madrid has now officially been completed. The Samba star will be hoping to make his debut during that match and could come in for Scott McTominay. Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes could, then, feasibly play further ahead. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here