Ruben Neves has revealed that he planned to leave Wolves at the end of last season. The Portugal international has remained a Wolves player this summer despite reported interest from Liverpool, Manchester United and Arsenal. Neves has two years remaining on his contract at Wolves but admits he believed he would depart the club this summer. A move has yet to materialise, with the interested clubs prioritising other targets. That is likely to be down to the fact that Wolves head coach Bruno Lage slapped a £100million price tag on the midfielder’s head at the end of last season. “These top players like Ruben Neves have a value of £100m. We need to be aware of everything, anything can happen, not just with Ruben but with any position,” Lage said. But Neves has now revealed that he planned to leave Wolves after five years with the club. However, he is now unsure on his future with just five days remaining in the transfer window. JUST IN: Tottenham make 'loan offer' for Leeds star as Antonio Conte considers “Well, let’s see what happens,” Neves told The Times when asked if being given the captaincy is a sign of commitment to Wolves. “I try to focus 100 per-cent on my football and I had a good start to the season but we need results now. “If you ask me at the end of last season I would have said to you: ‘I will leave’, but I’m still here, so we never know what’s going to happen.” Arsenal and United are focusing on other targets for the remainder of the campaign. The Gunners have been linked with Neves’ Wolves and Portugal team-mate Pedro Neto. DON'T MISS...Manchester United given food for thought as Antony warning emergesRonaldo was furious after Glazers set Man Utd players a targetBarcelona star Depay makes transfer decision as Man Utd knock at door Mikel Arteta wants to sign a new forward and has seemingly sidelined a pursuit of fresh midfield reinforcements. United are also prioritising attacking additions, with a deal for Ajax forward Antony believed to be close. That could leave Liverpool with a free run at Neves if they choose to pursue a midfielder. Jurgen Klopp has reneged on his firm stance that the Reds will not sign another player this summer, having had his midfield exposed in the opening weeks of the new season. According to The Athletic, Klopp and the Anfield hierarchy will still try to sign a midfielder despite their 9-0 thumping of Bournemouth on Saturday. It is felt that a gruelling schedule this season could stretch their current midfield options. Liverpool could therefore target a move for the 25-year-old Neves. Wolves want the former Porto man to extend his current contract.