Denise Welch took aim at Prince Charles, Prince Andrew and Camilla Parker-Bowles in an eye-opening moment on Loose Women. The discussion turned heated as she fell out with her fellow panellists. The temperature in the Loose Women studio increased tenfold when the topic of Meghan Markle's new podcasts and interviews arose. Gloria Hunniford, Jane Moore and Brenda Edwards witnessed a passionate speech by Denise Welch in which she tore into Buckingham Palace. The panel clashed after the latest controversy surrounding Prince Harry and Meghan Markle following the Duchess' interview with US magazine The Cut. Denise had seemingly had enough with the spotlight placed on the Duchess of Sussex following the explosive interview. Read More: Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think    The former Corrie star declared: "Look at the press every single day tearing them down, you guys are obsessed with tearing them down - absolutely obsessed every single day." TV legend Gloria Hunniford interrupted the actor mid-rant and gave an analogy to explain how Meghan could perhaps not discuss the royals anymore. She added: "If you're Meghan she has the opportunity to say, 'Sorry I don't talk about the Royal Family' and not say anything." At this point, Denise butted in and shouted: "The Royal Family are adulterous!" The star then continued her rant, which involved her co-star Gloria on the opposing side. Denise insisted she was not an anti-Royal but continued to point out the alleged behaviour of the Royal Family. "Harry's not... I am against the fact that Harry has never, as far as we know, been unfaithful to Meghan. "He's walked away from a family where one of them has paid off somebody in a big sex case and his father was an adulterer from the moment he was with his mother. It's all the same!" DON'T MISS...Meghan and Kate stepped out in sheer dresses - pictures [UPDATE]Furious Dr Shola tells Charles to 'support Meghan' [ARTICLE]'PR catastrophe': Nelson Mandela grandson SLAMS Meghan Markle [INTERVIEW]  Twitter was divided on the impassioned rant from the regular panellist. Wendy tweeted: "I watched you on loose women today Denise, what you said about Meghan was spot on, the poor woman can't do anything without the media dissecting everything she says xx." Pammy Rochie wrote: "Well said on Loose today about Meghan. She did not fit in for many reasons and when she became too popular...!" However, some disagreed with her views on some of the Royal Family's alleged antics. Jewels tweeted: "Denise Welch should not be allowed to shout out her views above the other presenters." The volume in which Denise aired her views also angered many fans of Loose Women too. Wally Batty added: "Never got a chance with you. You NEVER let anybody speak, and if they manage to get a word in you try to shout them down. Other people's views are as important as yours." Margjennings penned: I watched Denise on loose women today, I liked her at one time but boy she does get carried away no need for all that shouting." Express.co.uk has contacted Denise Welch's representatives for comment. Loose Women airs every weekday on ITV at 12.30pm