The weather service has warned that quick-rising flooding could inundate homes and businesses, possibly damaging buildings. Hail, strong winds and lightning strikes have also been forecast, with power cuts not unlikely.  Fast-flowing water or deep water from flooding could cause "a danger to life", the Met Office warned. It added: "Where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. "Spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures."  A yellow warning for thunderstorms is in place for south west England, as heavy rain "will develop quite widely" across England and Wales. The same warning has been issued for London and the south east of England, with up to 30mm of rain possible in just one hour. The east of England is bracing for the same "disruption", as are the East Midlands. Heading towards Scotland, the weather warning changes as it becomes a yellow alert for rain. Rain is likely to hit the areas around the Borders, Lothian, Dumfries and Galloway hard, as well as Fife and Strathclyde. READ MORE: Grant Shapps calls for £2 bus fare cap "Torrential rain" is on the cards across Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, sweeping through Cambridgeshire and Norfolk and down to Essex. Greater London, Berkshire and Sussex will also feel the force of increased thunderstorm activity heading into Tuesday. The weather warning for thunderstorms covers Dorset, Wiltshire, Somerset, Devon and Cornwall, spreaing across to Wales. Thunderstorms are also in store for Yorkshire, Lincolnshire, Cheshire, and the north east of England through from Middlesbrough to County Durham and Newcastle. DON'T MISS: Election POLL: Should Liz Truss call an early snap general election? [VOTE] Storm Tracker LIVE: Heavy rain fall across UK - where is it raining? [LIVE] Rain map: When will it rain in August? INCHES of rain to come [MAPPED] Before the downpours ease heading into Wednesday, the yellow rain warning is in force for Central, Tayside and Fife, Aberdeenshire, Scottish Borders, Lothian and across Strathclyde. Temperatures are expected to stay warm despite the rain in the south east, touching 25C in London on Tuesday. Wednesday will then see a dip to 23C in the capital. Highs of 23C are expected across the southwest, with a similar picture emerging for the Midlands.  Temperatures will fall to low twenties across Merseyside and the high teens in north Wales. They will tumble further in the north west, with highs of 16C in Newcastle and slightly warmer in Cumbria. Across Edinburgh temperatures will stay in the mid-teens, dipping to 14C on Tuesday in the Scottish Highlands.