Britons struggling with the cost of living crisis have signed up in their thousands to support the campaign. A coalition of organisers has promoted the new campaign on its launch today, causing a stir on social media. Interest in the proposals from prominent figures representing British workers briefly crashed its website as people look for hope in the UK's bleak financial landscape. The Enough is Enough campaign was launched today by a coalition of MPs, trade union leaders and community organisations. In a promotional video, a selection of figures, including Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union chief Mick Lynch, Labour MP Zarah Sultana and ordinary workers clubbed together to demand higher working standards in Britain. They said people should club together and say "enough is enough" in response to the escalating cost-of-living crisis. READ MORE: Liz Truss 'committed' to keeping triple lock in place In the video, Ms Sultana, the MP for Coventry South, outlined the movement's five tenets. She said the group would advocate for: Ms Sultana added that the current crisis is the "biggest attack on living standards since records began" as wages depreciate and bills increase. In a post to Twitter, the organisation said: "Wage rises for posties, firefighters, cleaners, nurses, rail workers and teachers. "Or higher profits, dividends and salaries for corporations and executives. "That’s the fight – and we have to win it." The group plans to organise rallies, mobilise community groups and stand together on picket lines to achieve its goals. The message has instantly resonated with tens of thousands of Britons who have attempted to sign up since this afternoon. The site crashed under a significant load of traffic, and Enough is Enough said 75,000 people have signed up today alone. Organisers have provided a vital outlet for Britons to express their distaste for the Government's record on living costs as experts predict the crisis will only worsen. Rising interest rates, inflation and out-of-control energy prices have convinced analysts the worst will come by winter. Rachelle Earwarker, the senior economist at The Joseph Rowntree Foundation, said that, without support, the "number of households in arrears" would increase. She added they would have to take on more debt to "try and pay their essential bills", and the number without essentials would rise "dramatically". Boris Johnson has ruled out further assistance for Britons this summer, with no significant tax or spending initiatives due before he leaves office in September.