Prince Charles, 73, was back on royal duties on Sunday as he paid a visit to the northern Scottish county of Caithness. The heir to the throne honoured a church organist during a service at Canisbay Parish Church. He gave Mary Edmondson, 89, a basket of flowers and described her as an “amazing lady” for her 75 years of musical service. Such engagements are second nature to Charles, who is one of the Royal Family’s most visible members. The Prince of Wales’ diary has been as full as ever in recent months as he has taken on several duties on behalf of his mother — the Queen — who has scaled back her own royal workload as she continues to experience mobility issues. The future King represented Her Majesty at the Opening Ceremony of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham last month. Charles, who will one day succeed his mother as Sovereign “is the bridge” to a “smaller” monarchy, according to a royal historian. Marlene Koenig has since suggested that he will focus the Royal Family around a core group of key royals when he takes to the throne. The US-based writer and librarian has researched Britain’s Royal Family for more than 40 years. JUST IN: Prince Charles responds hilariously to fan asking him to go for a beer in Birmingham Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “The focus will not be on Charles. “It will be on Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and their children, because they are the future. “I think of Charles as the bridge between moving from Queen Elizabeth II to a very different type of smaller Royal Family. “Focusing on a number of issues, but not being one to go and open hospitals all the time. “So, I think that will continue to happen, but you will see a number of Caribbean nations that are part of it.” During the trip, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge faced protests from local people and demands for slavery reparations. Amid the Royal Family’s changing relationship with the Commonwealth, Ms Koenig said she was confident that Charles could steer the monarchy through this period, albeit with a “different” style to the Queen. She said: “There's no massive clamouring for change. Charles will be a different king. He has a different personality. “I don't think he'll be as outspoken as he has been, and he has done a lot of great things.” She added: “I think he is definitely a caring person. Having met him, I really like him. “And I liked his wife too. I've been Team Camilla for years. But again, the focus will not be on Charles.”