Manchester United are being linked with former Manchester City star Leroy Sane at a time where Alejandro Garnacho may leave the club on loan. The 18-year-old is one of the hottest prospects at Old Trafford and will be hoping of starting when they lock horns with Brighton on Sunday. However, given his young age, Erik ten Hag could also sanction a temporary departure in order to enhance his chances of making the first team in the process. According to The Mirror, teenage talent Garnacho is a wanted man. United have reportedly been ‘bombarded’ with loan offers for the Argentine, who has been tipped to be a wildcard selection for the World Cup in Qatar later in the year. There is apparently interest from more than 20 clubs for the youngster, whose double helped the Red Devils win the FA Youth Cup at the end of last season. Clubs from England are eyeing a short-term deal, as well as those from Spain, Germany, Italy and Scotland. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative  New United boss Ten Hag is weighing up whether to send Garnacho out on loan so he can enhance his prospects of making the first team in the future. The Dutchman is also said to be considering ’whether the environment is right for Garnacho to flourish’ as his players look to get to grips with his demanding methods. And Garnacho’s agent, Eugenio Ascari, held talks with the club last week to talk about a possible departure. While United are yet to make a final decision on their latest wonderkid, it would be logical to assume he’d leave to secure some vital first-team experience. And, at a time where Garnacho’s short-term future is up in the air, it’s been reported that the Red Devils are interested in a deal for Sane. When the Germany international moved to Bayern Munich in the summer transfer window of 2020, many thought he’d be a huge hit at the Allianz Arena. But things haven’t quite worked out that way. The 26-year-old hasn’t taken Bayern to a new level and has blown hot and cold under both Julian Nagelsmann and Hansi Flick throughout his time in his homeland. And if United were able to sign Sane, it would be controversial due to his City past. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Few players play for both clubs over the course of their careers. There have been exceptions, of course, including the likes of Denis Law, Owen Hargreaves and Carlos Tevez. But that just eight individuals have strutted their stuff on both sides of the divide shows how rare it is. Sane was a key figure for City when Pep Guardiola first took charge. And though Guardiola didn’t want to let the forward go, he was powerless to prevent the former Schalke star from forcing a move back to the Bundesliga two years ago. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Sane won two league titles during his spell at the Etihad. And he’s since won two more with Bayern, who could cut him loose following the arrival of Sadio Mane from Liverpool. United believe Sane would have no issues adjusting to life back in the Premier League given how he’s played in the top flight before. And whether this controversial move takes place is something only time will tell, with Ten Hag eager to bolster his frontline before the transfer window shuts on September 1. United goalkeeper Tom Heaton, meanwhile, waxed lyrical over Garnacho after his stirring performance against Rayo Vallecano last weekend. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Yes I think so, plenty of opportunities today,” he said when asked if fans should be excited about the young players. "I think when you get an opportunity at the club, especially in pre-season, you want to impress. "I'm sure some of those boys will filter out on loan to go and continue their development but the opportunities there to impress and try and take it. “This club has been built on the fact that young players, if you're good enough and you're doing it on the grass you will get the opportunity. "I think today there was a few really good performances. I thought Garnacho was outstanding down the left-hand side. “So yeah, good for him to get a good run-out, I'm sure the manager is impressed with him among others, there were plenty of good performances but it's just taking the opportunity when it comes for the young lads." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here