The cleaning hack came from a fan of Mrs Hinch, the cleaning guru who has amassed more than four million followers on Instagram. They explained how to clean windows and bathrooms using bleach and toilet paper. The post was shared in a Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook group and quickly garnered hundreds of 'likes'. It read: "Just thought I’d share an amazing tip for removing black mould from windows and bathroom silicone." "Use thick bleach, soak a few sheets of toilet roll in it and press long strips along the affected area," Facebook user Fiona Warren continued. "Make sure the tissue is pressed well into the mould and well soaked in bleach, leave for 12 hours, the mould is completely gone." READ MORE: 'Act immediately': How to save your lawn from waterlogging amid rain Bleach is a commonly used product for a number of cleaning jobs. Others were quick to agree and shared their own advice for using bleach. Julie Welford added: "I buy cheap thin bleach, put it in a spray bottle and spray on window and bathroom silicone and it clears it away." "Worked a treat! You need the bleach to stay on the mould for hours for it to work. Cheap and effective!"  "I agree, it’s cheap and effective, and I’ve tried all the mould remover products and they don’t do such a great job," Fiona agreed. Another simply said: "Yes I’ve done that and it does work well." Another social media user suggested an alternative for using toilet paper. "I did this, but used cotton wool instead," Tina Malenczak stated. While this hack could be a good way to freshen up the home, there are a number of cleaning product specifically designed to get rid of mould. Others shared their favourite branded go-tos which they claimed worked. Marianne White said: "Just use Astonish mould and mildew blaster. Spray on and watch it disappear like magic. Easy." Salley Jennings agreed. She commented on the post: "Best product out there." "It really does work and very fast, with no fuss. Only 99p. "Hopefully it works for you," Niki Lance Durham added. Astonish Mould & Mildew Remover can be picked up in most supermarkets for around £1. One homeowner recommended Cillit bang black mould remover, £3.25 at Tesco and Asda, while another recommended HG Mould Remover Spray, which can be picked up for £3.50 on Amazon.