Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up on his decision to bench Cristiano Ronaldo for their Premier League clash with Brighton. The Portugal international had been hoping to start the match at Old Trafford. However, Bruno Fernandes will spearhead the Red Devils' attack instead. Manchester United have gone strong for today’s match with Brighton. David De Gea starts in goal, behind a back four consisting of Diogo Dalot, Lisandro Martinez, Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw. In midfield, Fred and Scott McTominay will act as a anchors with Christian Eriksen then playing further ahead. And, up top, Fernandes has been deployed alongside Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford as they look to claim all three points at the first time of asking. Ronaldo has been named on the bench, however, having only just made his first appearance of pre-season against Rayo Vallecano last week. And Ten Hag has now opened up on his decision not to start the Portugal international. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative "Ronaldo is working really hard to get in the right fitness levels," he said. "It will take time. He started pre-season last week. It depends on how quick he is progressing. "Who will play in Ronaldo's position? It can be Bruno. But most of the time it will be Christian Eriksen. He's really good at playing in that role." Ronaldo had taken to social media on Saturday to reveal he was ‘ready’ to feature against Brighton. And it’ll be interesting to see whether he comes on, especially given his desire to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football. Ronaldo rocked United at the end of June when he requested to leave in the wake of the club’s failure to finish in the top four. Chelsea, Bayern Munich, Sporting Lisbon, Napoli and Roma have all been linked with the 37-year-old amid the uncertainty over his future. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join But United don’t plan on selling. Ten Hag was critical of Ronaldo last weekend after the veteran left their pre-season friendly clash with Rayo Vallecano before the end of the game. “I certainly don’t condone this. This is unacceptable,” he said. “For everyone. We are a team and you have to stay until the end.” Ten Hag did, however, then leap to Ronaldo’s defence when quizzed on the matter in a press conference on Friday. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I told you before, we plan with the season (with him),” he said. “We have a top striker and I'm really happy he's here, he's in the squad and we stick to that plan. "There were many players who left, but the spotlight is on Cristiano and that is not right. "I'm satisfied with the whole team. There is a good culture and Cristiano is working really tough and hard." United beat Brighton in the same fixture last season, with goals from Ronaldo and Fernandes giving them a 2-0 win at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here