Snacking has always been considered something of a bad habit, especially for menopausal women trying to lose weight. In general, it is often the cause of weight gain in the first place but people do have options, with an expert offering some key foods to focus on instead of sugary treats. Wellbeing expert and entrepreneur Liz Earle, revealed that it's important to consider a few things before choosing a snack. When hunger cravings set in people typically reach for a chocolate bar or a bag of crisps - treats that are usually high in sugar or unhealthy fats. Eating too much sugar can make blood sugar levels sky-rocket, as it is easily digested and quickly enters the bloodstream. This could worsen menopause discomfort as it will then suddenly drop. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Liz noted in her book The Good Menopause Guide, that fluctuating sugar levels lead the body to convert excess energy into fat. This, in the long term, can raise the risk of type 2 diabetes and CVD. She suggested: "A better option is to choose nuts, seeds or fresh fruit as snacks to restore flagging energy in a more balanced and sustained way." DON'T MISS... Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Other healthy snack options include: Frozen fruit Fruits canned in water or their own juice Whole grain bread, crackers and cereals Lower fat yogurt Lower fat cheese Unsalted nuts and seeds and their butters Hummus Dark chocolate and almonds READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Liz went on to reveal that certain foods can have a "powerful impact" in helping to restore balance in a woman's body during the hormonal change. "Food has such tremendous power to help and heal our changing bodies," she said. "And what we choose to eat is one of the most important wellbeing factors we can control in life. "Eating the right balance of nutritious and healthy foods can make a real difference to how we look and feel – especially during the peri-menopause, which is the stage that then leads into the menopause." She believes there are other foods that could trigger discomfort without people realising but eating foods that mimic oestrogen in a menopausal women's body, could help ease symptoms. Foods that contain the plant nutrient phytoestrogen, have been found to help alleviate a number of symptoms, including weight gain and hot flashes. They can be found in several different types of food such as soy products, grains, beans, and some fruits and vegetables. Eating food with phytoestrogens could help combat a number of weight loss symptoms, as Liz explained: "Phytoestrogens can help ease many menopausal symptoms, but they're also tasty and nutritious in their own right. "Soya milk and soya flour, linseeds, tofu, Japanese tempeh and miso, pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, celery, rhubarb and green beans all contain phytoestrogens."