Manchester United are confident that, soon enough, Antony will be theirs. Erik ten Hag has long had his former Ajax star on his transfer shortlist and optimism is rising at Old Trafford that the Brazil international will join before the deadline of September 1. However, he’s not expected to be the club’s last recruit of the window with John Murtough also eyeing two additional deals. Manchester United have been seeking a new forward this summer. Cristiano Ronaldo wants out and, though the club have quashed talk of a move to Sporting Lisbon for the veteran, there’s still every chance they’ll grant him his wish. Edinson Cavani is now a figure of the Red Devils’ past, Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection and Amad and Facundo Pellistri aren’t ready to play week in, week out. United tried with a £67.9million bid for Antony earlier in the summer, only for Ajax to reject it. After losing key players such as Lisandro Martinez, Ryan Gravenberch and Sebastien Haller, they understandably don’t want to lose another prized asset. However, the Red Devils are confident they’ll be able to land the Samba star. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers The 22-year-old, who scored eight goals and clocked up four assists for Ajax in the Eredivisie last term, wants to go to Old Trafford. And United believe they’ll be able to land Antony by forking out a huge £75m, which could then rise to £80m with numerous add-ons. Antony is not, however, expected to be their last signing of the summer. And two areas of the squad they want to bolster are already known, with rumours going on all summer long. At right-back, United believe they need somebody to challenge Diogo Dalot for a starting berth - with the Portugal international almost getting into the side by default these days. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is free to find a new club, with reports suggesting he could be set for a return to Crystal Palace three years after leaving Selhurst Park behind. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And Brandon Williams has also been deemed surplus to requirements as well, having previously been tipped for a bright future by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. United have an interest in Sergino Dest, with Barcelona open to cutting the USA international loose. Vanderson, of Monaco, has also been linked. And a move for Max Aarons can’t be completely ruled out, with the Norwich star previously in the club’s sights earlier in the summer. The seventh signing United want to make, before the transfer window slams shut, is a new goalkeeper. That’s a deal that’s expected to happen, despite the Red Devils recently being turned down by Eintracht Frankfurt star Kevin Trapp. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yann Sommer, Tim Krul and Dan Bachmann have all been linked amid the uncertainty over their futures at Borussia Monchengladbach, Norwich City and Watford respectively. But all signs currently point to United signing Martin Dubravka from Newcastle, especially given comments made by Eddie Howe. Toon boss Howe said at his pre-match press conference on Friday that United weren’t in talks with the player, but did confirm contact from the Red Devils. He stated: "I don't think he's in talks with Manchester United. "There has been contact between the clubs but that will be something that will continue to happen, as in the discussions, but in terms of a final outcome, I'm very reluctant to lose any important players. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "So, it's a decision that is out of my hands really." While United are prioritising signings six and seven of the window, however, it’s possible they could actually land an eighth as well. The Red Devils are refusing to rule out a shock move for Memphis Depay, who previously spent 18 months at Old Trafford earlier in his career. For now, though, a right-back and centre-back are the club’s priorities. And how many signings they end up making, by the time the transfer window slams shut on September 1, is something only time will tell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here