The Duchess of Sussex has released the first episode of her Spotify podcast 'Archetypes'. The podcast is a co-production between Archewell Audio, Gimlet and Spotify, and the first episode features a conversation between Meghan and tennis legend Serena Williams. Sexism, female ambition and motherhood are all discussed in the episode. In fact, at the start of the first episode, Meghan tells a story which shows she has cared about equality since she was a young girl. At the start of the podcast, Meghan says: "When I was 11 years old I saw a commercial that changed the way that I saw my place in the world. "Let me be clear, it wasn't because this ad was some kind of ingenious piece of marketing. "Actually, it was just the opposite. I was in the sixth grade, I was in my classroom and we were watching TV when a commercial came on." The advert was for Ivory Dishwashing Liquid, and the narrator in the advert said that the product was for "women all over America fighting greasy pots and pans". Meghan went on to explain that she was so angry about the sexist remark, she wrote letters to various people to complain. Not only did she approach the company whose product was in the advert, but she also wrote to then First Lady Hillary Clinton. Meghan continued: "I was furious. Did I really just hear that guy say women? Then I heard them, these two boys in my class breathing life into my biggest fear. "They said, 'Yeah! That's where women belong, in the kitchen'. This did not sit well with 11-year-old me." The podcast then plays a clip of Meghan from when she was 11 years old, telling Nick News: "I don’t think it’s right for children to grow up thinking these things, that mum does everything." Meghan then told the story of how she wrote letters to Hillary and the company selling the cleaning product. She added: "My 11-year-old self worked out that if I really wanted someone to hear me, well then I should write a letter to the First Lady. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'completes' Prince Harry "I also put pen to paper and I wrote a letter to my news source at the time, Linda Ellerbee, who hosted a kids news program, and then to powerhouse attorney Gloria Allred because even at eleven I wanted to cover all my bases. "Finally, I wrote to the soap manufacturer. And a few weeks went by and to my surprise, I received letters of encouragement from Hillary Clinton, from Linda Ellerbee, and from Gloria Allred. It was amazing. "The kid's news show, they sent a camera crew to my home to cover the story, and it was roughly a month later when the soap manufacturer, Proctor & Gamble, changed the commercial for their ivory clear dishwashing liquid. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'having cashed up California cake and eating it too' [INSIGHT]'Angry' William skipped lunch with Harry and Queen [ANALYSIS]Kate and Meghan love the same perfume smell - but one is a lot pricier [INSIGHT] "They changed it from ‘Women all over America are fighting greasy pots and pans’ to ‘People all over America’. It was at that moment that I realised the magnitude of my actions. At the age of 11, I had created my small level of impact by standing up for equality." Meghan's passion for gender equality has been seen in much of her work, and it appears it will also be a key theme in her new podcast. In the podcast's opening episode, Meghan spoke candidly about some of the challenges she has faced when she has been pregnant. Serena said: “I love being a woman and I loved being pregnant. I was one of those." Meghan then replied: “You made pregnancy look so sexy, I just waddled around [laughs]. I was just tired, I was tired. Oh my God.”