Luggage tags can help passengers identify their bags at the airport, but can also prove an invaluable asset in the unexpected event baggage goes missing. Though including your name and some contact details are essential, according to experts, there are some details that passengers "should not" include. Travellers may mistakenly think certain information may better their chances of being reunited with lost bags, but the experts from Travel and Leisure have warned it could actually open them up to danger. They explained: "A secure luggage tag with legible information can help bring lost bags back home. "Whether or not to include an address, however, is contentious, and you might want to refrain from putting your home address on your luggage." Experts from USA Today added: "If you can avoid listing your home address, you will be less likely to be targeted for a robbery while you are away." READ MORE: Travellers should carry 'towel' on plane to 'save space and money' As well as your address, the experts also advise against placing any indication of your nationality on your suitcase. They said: "When travelling abroad, avoid a luggage tag with a flag or anything that could identify your nationality." The most secure luggage tags to opt for are those with a cover. This reduces the risk of your information being scanned by someone near you. While there are some details the experts advise against writing down, others are the key to keeping your bags safe. All luggage tags should list the owner's name, email address, and phone number. In some cases, it may also be helpful to include the address of the hotel or accommodation where you are staying on your trip. This way, if your bags get lost at the airport on your outbound flight, staff can reroute them to your hotel. DON'T MISSFlight attendant on suitcase packing hack to 'save maximum space' [COMMENT]Cruise passengers share 'beach bag' trick to 'sneak booze' onboard [REVEALED]Superyacht crew member shares the ‘scariest part’ of training [INTERVIEW] Travel and Leisure recommend including this "on a small slip of paper in addition to the permanent card in your luggage tag." They added: "If you're worried about luggage being lost on the return flight, consider listing a work address instead of home." However, a point of contact such as a telephone number or email address should be enough to ensure you are easily traced.