Whether dealing with weeds, pests, or just looking for an organic way to nourish your plants – using eggs in the garden is the perfect solution. While eggs are a popular staple in many of our diets, it is less common to consider what we do with waste, such as eggshells or out-of-date produce. However, experts are urging gardeners to take them out of their kitchen bins and into the forefront of gardens, where they can be enjoyed with a host of benefits beyond their expiry. Eggs can be utilised in many different ways, according to one gardening expert. Melody Estes from The Project Girl explained: “Eggs can be used in many ways in the garden. They can be added to compost bins to add nutrients. “Plus, if you're wondering how to add calcium to soil, using crushed egg shells is the best way to balance your soil's pH and promote healthy plant growth.” Perhaps the most common way to use eggs in gardens is through eggshells in the soil. READ MORE: Gardening tips: Use eggshell trick as ‘fantastic fertiliser’ to plants These shells contain calcium, as well as traces of other elements, including magnesium and phosphorus – great for adding nutrients to your soil and compost. Calcium is an essential plant nutrient and moderates soil acidity. Gardening experts as Gardenesque explained why plants are in need of extra calcium. They said: “Fast-growing plants deplete the soil of calcium very quickly so eggshells are an ideal supplement and feed for outdoor flowers, vegetables and fruit trees in your garden. DON'T MISS: Pensioners asked to leave London homes to make way for young familes [COMMENT]Why has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden [INSIGHT]Francis Tophill shares why you don't have to water grass in summer [EXPERT] “During the winter months, crush the shells by using a mortar and pestle and sprinkle over the container or garden border where you will plant come springtime. “Alternatively, you can add crumbled eggshell directly into the bottoms of your planting holes. “It is beneficial to use egg shells when growing your own vegetables like tomato, pepper and aubergine or plants such as roses, hydrangeas, spider plants, ferns and ivy.” Another way to add this homemade fertiliser to plants is through a calcium solution. Gardeners can finely crush the shells and turn it into water-soluble calcium that can be added to your watering can, and will be easily absorbed by the plant’s root system. READ MORE: Dame Julie Walters’ quiet life in picturesque West Sussex village Eggshells can also be used as a form of organic pest control. For those who have problems with slugs and snails or crawling pests in their garden, try sprinkling crumbled eggshells around the plants where these little critters like to gather, according to the experts. They said: “The shells act like shards of glass which will keep them at bay around your delicate plants. “If growing brassicas, the egg shells are also believed to deter cabbage white butterflies who mistake the white sheen as other competitors. “Cats don't like walking on noisy, sticky, or sharp things so if you have a furry friend that likes using your garden bed as a litter tray, egg shells are the perfect solution.” Expired eggs can be used in your garden as a natural fertiliser too. To do so, Melody suggests breaking the eggs into small pieces before mixing them with soil. However, gardeners should let the mixture sit for a few days before adding it to the garden. She said: “This will allow the egg white to break down and become part of the soil, which will help promote growth in your plants. “You can also use expired eggs as mulch around your plants. “This will help keep weeds from growing and also prevent them from being watered too much by rain or irrigation systems.”