The only way is up. Travel on official or career related business will work out well for you. If you’re looking for a job, it will be worth exploring one related to publishing or education. Push your worldly ambitions. Sometimes you have to blow your own trumpet. Your naturally calm nature will come in useful when things get tense. People who are argumentative are finding it difficult to cope. You have a better idea on what’s important and what can be left for another day. You also know it just isn’t worth letting a trivial misunderstanding escalate into a massive argument. Whether it is work, money or an older relative’s situation that is on your mind, you and a partner need to attack this problem jointly. If you can’t reach an agreement over a family or domestic matter, don’t be tempted to scrap the idea altogether. Discuss different ideas that might work for you all.  It will take a lot of effort to impress a fussy boss, partner or relative so why keep trying? Contentment will come through finding inner balance. Take a deep look inside yourself. Be ready to dig up all those unresolved insecurities. Taking up a spiritual practice is strongly advised. A close partnership is working well for you. Someone who knows you well will keep you feeling motivated and inspired. You will be grateful for their support. An older relative seems tense and miserable but you won’t be able to help them if they don’t talk about their feelings. Take the initiative and get on with jobs that need doing before being asked to. Your boss is dealing with a situation that is looking pretty precarious and it will be a relief to them to be able to rely on you to keep things running smoothly while they are otherwise engaged.  You might seem to have found a good way to make your money work for you but have you really considered what you are letting yourself in for? You could be missing something. Wait until you have all the facts under your belt before making a long-term commitment. You might upset some people by the decisions you are making. Someone in a high position is not handling a situation fairly. Do what’s best for you. Do what’s best for your friends and never mind the consequences. Decisive action needs to be taken. Relaxation and recharging your batteries is important. You can’t keep overloading your schedule in a way that you rarely get a chance to pause. Any worries you have regarding your job should be left at work where they belong. Get more involved in friendship activities.  Big changes are in store for you and your family. An investment plan, loan or mortgage application will benefit you all and give you a stronger sense of security. Decisions now being made will enrich the life you and a partner share. A youth’s irritability increases the chances of misunderstandings. They may not realise how awkward they have become. Whether it is hormones or circumstances that are causing them to behave this way you seem to have more patience than others around, to deal with their behaviour. It’s hard to hide your feelings when in the company of a grouchy friend or colleague. Their moodiness is draining you emotionally and for that reason you would regret taking whatever chance you get to enjoy more relaxing pastimes with more easy-going people. 