Kylian Mbappe appeared to throw a strop on the pitch after new Paris Saint-Germain team-mate Vitinha snubbed him in favour of Lionel Messi in the Ligue 1's thumping 5-2 win over Montpellier on Saturday evening. The French superstar eventually got himself on the scoresheet following an evening of frustration which saw him squander a spot-kick and gesticulate towards Vitinha. The 23-year-old, who snubbed a mega-money move to Real Madrid in favour of penning a lucrative new contract in the French capital, cut a frustrated figure in PSG's second Ligue 1 outing of the season. Mbappe was handed the perfect opportunity to get his season up and running with just 23 minutes on the clock after Montpellier's Jordan Ferri was adjudged to have handled in his own penalty area by VAR. Not that his goal involvement appeared to lift his mood - a surly-looking Mbappe refused to celebrate or even crack a smile. When PSG were awarded a second spot-kick of the night, the forward was then a mere spectator as Neymar stepped up to coolly slot home his side's second of the match a matter of minutes before half-time.  In an eventful first 45 minutes, there was still time for Mbappe to find himself caught up in even more drama. The attacker looked visibly enraged when former Wolves midfielder and new summer signing Vitinha seemingly snubbed laying him in down the left, instead opting to feed Messi on the right. Mbappe could be seen halting his run before appearing to turn away in disgust. The French forward then threw his arms in the air twice before watching the attack come to an end from afar. Neymar then put PSG three up, notching a diving header just six minutes into the second half, before former Sunderland frontman Whabi Khazri struck a reply. Mbappe then finally opened his account for the season, steering home following a corner, but once again refused to show even a hint of emotion. Neymar completed his hat-trick in the dying stages, bringing down Messi's lofted through ball before firing home. Despite Enzo Tchato grabbing a second consolation for Montpellier in added time and despite Mbappe's antics, PSG ensured they made it two wins out of two at the start of the Ligue 1 campaign.