Mikel Arteta is planning to push ahead with the signing of another winger before the transfer window closes on September 1. The Arsenal boss has now confirmed his desire to replace Nicolas Pepe following the Ivory Coast international's loan move to Nice which does not include a permanent option. Now Arsenal will focus their efforts on recruiting the right forward with Wolves star Pedro Neto considered to be their priority target. The Portuguese winger is not for sale though and it could take an offer in the region of £50million to potentially change Wolves' stance. It's unclear whether Arsenal would be prepared to pay that kind of money for the 22-year-old but the club do have alternative targets in mind. Two of which are Yeremy Pino of Villarreal and Moussa Diaby of Bayer Leverkusen but once again, Neto is Arsenal's priority. READ MORE: Jorge Mendes 'trying to broker' Victor Osimhen swap deal for Man Utd and Cristiano Ronaldo  Speaking ahead of the visit of Fulham, Arteta confirmed it was part of Arsenal's plan to look for a new attacker, providing Pepe left the club. "If we can implement the plan that we have, we will try to do [it]. In that plan, that [Pepe leaving] was something that could happen," he said. "Now it is a reality and we have been preparing the last two months in order to achieve what we want. Whether that is possible or not, we will see. "At the start of the window we signed players before getting other players out. Now we have done something different, we have let a player go and maybe [we'll] be able to recruit somebody. "But it's not a guarantee because the players are still not here. What I guarantee is the day the window closes, for me this is the best team in the world and I will try to get the best out of them, that's it." Arsenal could yet sanction several more outgoings too with Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Hector Bellerin among those that can leave the club. Southampton are now in pole position to sign utility man Maitland-Niles despite further interest from West Ham, Fulham, Bournemouth and abroad. The Gunners would favour a permanent deal but could extend the player's contract by an additional 12 months should a loan agreement prove viable. Furthermore, Bellerin remains keen to return to Real Betis despite additional interest from Udinese and Barcelona. His agents have already met with Arsenal to discuss the possibility of freeing him from the final year of his current contract. However, Arsenal still believe they are entitled to a small fee for Bellerin and that is what they will continue to wait for. They currently see no reason why Bellerin should be released by mutual termination of his deal, although it's a possibility that could still materialise in the final week of the window. There's an acceptance that Bellerin is unlikely to feature under Arteta this season and given his relationship with the club, Arsenal may eventually respect his wishes.