Three years ago, Game of Thrones finished. The HBO fantasy’s showrunners had to rely on the uncharted territory of George RR Martin’s unwritten The Winds of Winter and A Dream of Spring, with the author sharing major planned plot points. Since then, the 73-year-old author still hasn’t delivered the penultimate book in A Song of Ice and Fire, but he does promise there will be some big changes afoot. As Fire and Blood adaptation House of the Dragon debuts this month, Martin has given a new interview and teased how The Winds of Winter writing is going. Speaking with History of Westeros from his Santa Fe Office, Martin admitted: “There’s also sometimes deliberate changes in a show where the showrunners or the writers or the studio, the network, or wherever it comes from, goes in a different direction. So what we’re doing at this point in the history of A Song of Ice and Fire, Game of Thrones, Westeros, whatever you wanna call it.”  Later in the interview, Martin added: “We have two canons. We have the show canon, the Game of Thrones canon. And we have the Song of Ice and Fire canon. And in the book canon, obviously, still writing The Winds of Winter, I’m sure you all know that, and then there’s another book beyond that. And as I write them, and I’ve said this in a previous blog post, I always knew that things were gonna be different, but as I’m writing, as the stories are coming alive, and the characters are coming alive, taking me further and further away from the show. So there’s gonna be some very considerable differences, and the book canon is gonna be quite different from the show canon as we get deeper into it.” Perhaps this means a surprise for who ends up on the Iron Throne instead of Bran Stark? Whatever the case, in one of his more recent blog posts, Martin gave an encouraging update on his progress. The author shared: “I hope to wrap up the storyline for one of the viewpoint characters of WINDS OF WINTER this week. Maybe even two.” After The Winds of Winter, he intends on writing another Dunk & Egg short story as a palate cleanser. DON'T MISSWinds of Winter, Fire and Blood 2 releases: George RR Martin progress [FIRE AND BLOOD 2]Winds of Winter progress: George RR Martin – 'Cersei giving me fits' [WINDS]Winds of Winter release: George RR Martin fed up with ‘vicious’ fans [GRRM] Then, Martin will set off to write his final book in A Song of Ice and Fire, A Dream of Spring. The author then hopes to pen a fifth Dunk & Egg short and finally get to Fire & Blood Vol 2, the 300 year history of the Targaryen dynasty, which is the basis for House of the Dragon. The latter already has several hundred pages penned, so who knows, perhaps it’ll arrive sooner rather than later? SOURCE