An enemy of the Free World, should not and cannot be allowed to defile our state institutions any further. To allow such individuals to exploit our laws and commitment to free speech to spew the most obscene of propaganda is quite simply an affront too far against our democracies.  At a time in our history when individuals can be deplatformed for causing offence, arguing the rule of law to rationalise Iranian officials’ right to a US visa boggles the mind. And if we can agree that necessity - and more to the point our right to self defence, warranted that we suspend certain rules and principles in our war against Terror, how can we not demand that Raisi be made persona non grata on the very land he has sworn to destroy … and its people with it? Let’s not forget that from their pulpits. Iran’s clergy have called for the death of both Israel and the United States of America. Such calls for genocide are not figures of speech, they are cries of holy crusade by a regime whose existence is underwritten by theo-fascism. “We, the sons of the Blessed Revolution of Imam Khomeini will soon hold America and its disciples by the neck. Our armies will claim just revenge and from the ashes of the Western world we shall proclaim the dawn of a new era. The colonisers will know no safety and shall find no retreat, for our vengeance will be absolute and swift. We shall strike at the very heart of their democracies and cast their idols down. Our path is that of Holy Jihad, and towards such goals we shall never waiver.” - Ebrahim Raisi, Rasht, Iran 2017 I witnessed one of such speeches during an interview I conducted with President Raisi, on the trail of his first presidential campaign. Such words cannot be taken back when pushed against the agenda the Islamic Republic continues to push against our interests. Iran’s revolutionary thought demands its fill of blood and it is ours the regime men are coming after. Let’s not give them a platform upon which to make a mockery out of us. Let’s not forfeit our rights and responsibilities so completely that we would, out of cowardice, normalise Tehran’s hateful narrative and allow for its representatives to stand on equal footing with ours. And though many officials may continue to entertain the delusion that a deal - any deal and at any cost with the Islamic Republic, could somewhat tame the lunacy of the regime, there is still time. Time for us to demand that our collective dignity be restored, asserted and altogether defended against the assaults of fascism. Time for us to realise that the hand which struck Salman Rushdie only a few weeks ago was the carrier of the very will and system President Raisi embodies and sponsors. Such a man cannot be offered our protection - not when he actively plots our demise. How many more of our intellectuals, officials and personalities must we lose to Iran’s radicalism before we master the courage to absolutely oppose it? In the words of Winston Churchill: “We shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end.”  One may hope anyway … Let us remember too that less than a month ago the US Secret Services unveiled a plot to assassinate former US national security adviser John Bolton in retaliation for the death of Gen. Qassim Soleimani (2020). And though Tehran has denied any and all connections to Shahram Poursafi, the agent in charge of the kill, it is rather evident that such a sophisticated operation would have had to be sanctioned by the regime - which regime President Raisi represents. Raisi’s hands are drenched in blood, that of his people as he continues to order their death for protesting the oppression of the regime, that of communities throughout the Middle East  who continue to suffer the assaults of Iran’s henchmen as they absorb more lands to the Islamic Republic, our own if we consider that from within our capitals Iran’s armies have weaponized free speech to justify their violence.