Bob Arum claims Tyson Fury is just ‘having fun’ and ‘stirring s****’ with his recent string of announcements. ‘The Gypsy King’ took to social media on Tuesday to declare that he will be returning to the ring to face Derek Chisora and that he has enlisted the help of novice trainer and former Commonwealth featherweight champion Isaac Lowe. But his US promoter Arum believes these statements should be taken with a pinch of salt. Talking to Fight Freaks Unite, the legendary promoter gave his thoughts on the situation, saying: “He’s having fun. He gets up in the morning. He figures what kind of shit to stir up and he says whatever he thinks. “And because he gets so many hits on all these [social media] platforms he has a built-in audience. If he got up tomorrow and said he’s coming back to fight X and that the only person that he’ll trust to train him is Bob Arum, he’s capable of saying that.” When asked whether or not a fight with Derek Chisora is on the cards, he responded: “Of course not. Nothing. What are we, crazy? Everybody is waiting for the fight to happen a week from Saturday and then we’ll explore whether it’s feasible to do a fight for the complete unification. He’s having fun, for Christ sake! Don’t take it seriously! “The truth is that he gets up in the morning and he figures how he can best stir up shit and that’s what he does. You think Isaac takes it seriously? Of course not, for Christ sake! [Fury] is just having fun. It’s his idea of fun. “He’s getting a little antsy as we all are because we’re waiting [for August 20]. If Usyk wins then there’s one path to take because then everybody is close and friendly and if Joshua wins then we’ve got to deal with Eddie [Hearn] and all that stuff.” Despite denying any interest in a Chisora fight, Arum did admit it may become a possibility if the winner of Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk needs to take some time off. “[If the August 20] winner needs a lot more time off because of an injury and so forth then there is a possibility we’d move ahead with a Chisora fight,” Arum said. “We’re all waiting for the fight in Saudi Arabia to take place and, hopefully, Usyk wins and then our path is clear. Of course, if Joshua wins, in the U.K., it’s a much bigger fight.”