KSI has doubled down on claims that he can save Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury by placing the much-anticipated grudge match on the undercard of his August 24 bout against Alex Wassabi at the O2 Arena, London. Paul and Fury’s scheduled August 6 clash was cancelled after ‘TNT’ was denied entry to the United States. Shortly after, KSI threw Paul a lifeline by offering to add the fight to his undercard, tweeting on June 29: “Clearly, your card is dead in the water at this point. So lemme give you a lifeline. If you TRULY want to fight Tommy, fight on my card as the co-main event. I’ve got everything set up for you. Best believe you owe me though. Ball is in your court. #ItsAWinWin @tommytntfury” To which the ex-Disney star responded: “I play chess, u play checkers. Ur opponent is repped by me & I know a lot more about ur biz than u would like. Ur not on my level in boxing or the boxing biz. Out of respect for my client, I’ll let u keep chirping away like a canary. You & Fury r both big mouths, w/ small sacks.” Paul rejected the offer and chose instead to replace Fury with former sparring partner and professional heavyweight boxer Hasim Rahman Jr; however, this fight has since been cancelled as well. The pair were set to meet each other at the 200lb cruiserweight limit but Rahman Jr – who has never weighed below 211lb during the course of his professional career – told Paul’s promoter, Most Valuable Promotions, that he could not drop lower than 215lb leading to the event being called off on Saturday. With Paul seemingly out of options, KSI has renewed his offer to ‘The Problem Child’ during a recent YouTube video. MORE BOXING NEWS... Anthony Joshua plans if he loses to Usyk addressed as ‘back-up danc... Fury trainer provides clarity on Thor bout with cutting answer Paul sent fresh warning about ‘f*** boy staff’ ahead of Rahman Jr bout He said: "Jake should've accepted my offer, he should've fought on my undercard. I mean, there's still time. You can fight Tommy Fury on my undercard, it'll be a great event. You'll be able to fight Tommy Fury at a sold-out O2 Arena, you won't have to worry about the logistics, we'll sort everything. It'll be easy for you." KSI is now preparing to face off against fellow YouTuber, Wassabi, who defeated KSI’s brother Deji in March. During their presser, 'The Nightmare' stated that his goal in fighting Wassabi is to prove that he's the A-side in a contest with Paul as their YouTube super-fight looms.