The review was left on TripAdvisor by Charlotte, from Milton Keynes, who warned people not to visit DK Oyster, a restaurant on Greek island Mykonos. She claimed that the business was trying to "deceit" its customers and claimed the staff "shouldn't be able to sleep at night". Her review comes after she racked up a hefty bill for lemonade and a sandwich, having dealt with "pushy" service, Birmingham Live reports. However, the restaurant has fought back, with staff defending themselves and questioning the Brit's TripAdvisor review. The response even suggested the staff could not remember Charlotte visiting DK Oyster. Charlotte's review said: "Avoid this restaurant like the plague. Tell everyone you know not to go there, they ruined our last day in Mykonos. Mykonos is expensive, we know that. We happily pay for quality - when you have a great meal and drinks it is fine to pay for VALUE. "However places like this, instead try to use tricks and deceit to take money from customers who work hard and want to spend their hard-earned cash on something worthwhile. These people have no morals and frankly shouldn’t be able to sleep at night stealing people's money."  She added: "When we arrived we were told sunbeds are free just spend €25pp. Not too bad we thought and sat down. When we arrived immediately we were pressured to order, we went for a water and lemonade as it was early and planned to spend the whole day there anyways there was no rush. "The lemonade came and it was undrinkable. So bitter (and we always order fresh lemonade so we know what good tastes like!). About 10 minutes later we were asked if we wanted to order something else and I said no we are fine we will order lunch later. Another 10 minutes we were pestered again and the waitress was saying “I need to take your order” and after a few times of this, we were getting quite annoyed as we came to the beach to relax. "At lunch, we had a club sandwich (€25) which was average and quite frankly the whole menu was extortionate pricing and as they were being so pushy we didn’t really want to spend too much time there (they failed to tell us we couldn’t even go in the sea that day due to a sewage leak, we had to overhear another kind waitress informing guests before they sat down. We were never treated with such respect!)." She continued: "When we came to pay, they charged €58 for the lemonade. On what planet is that acceptable?"  The eatery hit back saying: "I am happy to read reviews with substantial information about the factors that pleased or displeased a customer, but in your case, all I see is a person who keeps talking about "hard-earned money" and does not want to pay for the price of the services and products provided by other hard-working people. Your money is hard-earned but we are ...stealing yours. What a superficial way to view the work of others! "There is no illegal action described, yet you request the authorities (through Trip Advisor!!!) to shut down a legitimate business: "it should be removed from the beach" you demand with the title of your review. You also claim that waiters informed other customers regarding the accident on the beach, but not you. They did not like you in particular? Why would that be? In the context of your review I cannot but ignore the claim against a member of our staff. "I will never stop being amazed by the reviews posted on Trip Advisor by some people. There is no way to be sure who you are - I have no recollection of a customer who ordered a lemonade and a sandwich. I do not know when and if you were ever a guest, but you surely have the nerve to post this attempted slander hidden behind your anonymity. You speak of immorality and yet you are the one attempting slander. Where is the moral or the decency in your "review"? The words lose their meaning when you use them. It is a disgrace."