Forecasters have predicted a round of hot spells next week as the temperatures are likely to soar above 30C. The Met Office said that the temperatures are forecast to rise during the coming week.  Met Office chief forecaster Steve Willington said: “We could see parts of the UK entering heatwave conditions if the above-average temperatures last for three days or more. “Many areas of the UK, especially the south, will witness temperatures several degrees higher than average, but these values are likely to be well below the record-breaking temperatures we saw in mid-July. “As the high pressure builds there is very little meaningful rain in the forecast, especially in those areas in the south of England, which experienced very dry conditions last month. “Elsewhere in the UK, such as in northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, rain-bearing weather fronts will make limited headway against the high pressure, bringing some rain to north-western parts of the UK.”   High pressure will extend east across the southern half of Britain this weekend and will remain through much of next week bringing dry, settled and increasingly warm conditions. Nick Finnis, weather expert with Netweather.tv said: “Temperatures will be close to average in the northwesterly flow over the next few days, but will rise through next week, potentially reaching the low thirties Celsius across southern England from Tuesday through to Friday. “This meets heatwave criteria. “However, Scotland will be exposed to Atlantic frontal systems moving east, so here will be cooler with more chance of some rain at times, more particularly northern and western Scotland – the east drier. READ MORE: Archie Battersbee: Parents denied plea for 'dignified death'  “Little change for much of England and Wales over the weekend, a dry story with high pressure building in from the west, plenty of sunshine for many – though it may be cloudier at times across the north of England, perhaps thick enough for some drizzle across Cumbria. “The northwesterly breeze will ease, so temperatures will creep up, highs of 26C in the southeast on Saturday, 27C here on Sunday. “Low to mid-twenties elsewhere with sunshine. “An area of high pressure building from the Atlantic into the south and south west of England will bring rising temperatures with some areas expected to reach low or even mid 30sC by the end of next week. DON'T MISS:Meghan’s ‘comforting’ hand gesture on Harry offers a glimpse ‘So Adorable!’ Mia Tindall enjoys fun day out RAF pilot training in crisis due to faulty aircrafts