Maggie Ives, a retired pub landlord, fell and broke her pelvis in a horrific injury, leaving her hospitalised for 22 weeks in a Worcester hospital. Along with the broken pelvis, Ms Ives also suffers from chronic kidney and cardiovascular disease and Parkinson’s disease. She told South West News Service: “I can’t even tell you what hospital I was in. “All I can tell you is I was in there 22 weeks. I kept coming and going, slipping in and out of consciousness. "I was hallucinating. I was at end of life. My brother and sister were called in so they could register my death and go to the undertaker." Ms Ives also recalled how she was put on 133 different antibiotics by drip as she struggled to overcome her health battle. But the 78-year-old attributed her miraculous recovery to an “old recipe” she used to use when she "used to feel rough years ago". She added: “I’m a great believer in raw eggs and Guinness – I swear by it. You don’t even taste the eggs at all. You just swallow them down. I’ve been doing that for quite a long time. “Whenever I used to feel ill I’d always have half-a-pint of Guinness with two raw eggs dropped in, if it’s a pint you need three eggs. “I just drop the eggs in, never mix it up, and then just drink it. It does the trick.” After Ms Ives left hospital, she was sent to a care home where she asked for her special remedy. She said: “As soon as I woke up in the care home after my time in hospital, I asked for Guinness and eggs and literally days later I started feeling better. “Obviously the staff here are amazing but I absolutely swear by my little tipple.” READ MORE: UK facing EXODUS after Sturgeon unveils new independence plan And even though Ms Ives has overcome the worst of the health battle, she continues to drink her special concoction and claims she has “never felt better”. Ms Ives said: “But I survived the night and since drinking my little remedy every day, sometimes more than once, I’ve never felt better.” Ms Ives, who is a life-long smoker, hailed her recovery as a “miracle”. She said: “I’m a medical miracle. I feel like I’ve come back from the dead. Subie, the lady who admitted me, said her goodbyes to me that night. She did not expect to see me in the morning.” But despite her recovery, Ms Ives is enjoying staying in the Henwick Grange care home, which she says has “given a new lease of life”. DON'T MISS Solar panel warning issued as consumers strive for efficiency [REPORT] Smart meter warning: Can energy providers switch off your devices? [REVEAL] NASA Moon launch: Artemis lift-off today SCRAPPED after engine issue [INSIGHT]