Dust off the dance shoes because Strictly Come Dancing season is nearly upon us. Once again, the BBC series will be unveiling its stars over the course of the coming weeks. Here’s everything you need to know about the celebrity contestants taking part in the show and if they have any previous dance experience.   BBC Breakfast announced the first two stars this morning (August 4) with many more coming and will be announced in due course. The BBC has confirmed the launch show will be filmed on September 7 with the programme airing later in the month as the celebrities are partnered up with the professionals. This is going to be the 20th series of Strictly with the biggest line-up and will be extra special as the show celebrates this huge milestone.  Kym Marsh is the 2nd contestant to be announced on BBC Breakfast Actress, singer and TV presenter Kym Marsh is also going to be joining the fray this year. Kym was known as a singer on Hear'Say after appearing on the ITV talent show Popstars and went on to appear as Michelle McDonald on Coronation Street for many years. She is now a broadcaster on Morning Live as well as filming on the BBC series Waterloo Road. When asked whether her pop star roots would be helping her, she said: "It definitely does not. I haven't done any kind of live dancing performing." Admitting: "It's been a long time since I've been on stage." She said: "It's going to be tricky" and explained she had done dancing previously as a little girl. Much like Will Mellor, her music career could help but Kym wasn't convinced, suggesting dancing had come second to singing. Kym also said: "I’ve considered doing Strictly for years but the timings never worked out. I’m so delighted that this year they have! I’m a huge fan of the show and can’t believe I’m going to go from watching at home in my pyjamas to actually dancing in front of the judges in a glittery dress, it’s unreal!" Will Mellor is the 1st contestant to be announced on BBC Breakfast. Will is an actor and singer and is well known to fans for his roles in Hollyoaks, Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps, Line of Duty and Broadchurch. The star has also been in Coronation Street in the role of Harvey Gaskell. In terms of his music career, Will reached number five in the UK charts with the song When I Need You back in 1998. He said: "I'm honestly so chuffed to be taking part in Strictly Come Dancing this year! Not going to lie, it's totally out of my comfort zone and I know it will be a huge challenge but that's what life is all about. This is also my Mum's favourite show and she’s had a really tough few years so I’m doing this is for her as well. Bring it on!” On BBC Breakfast, Will said: "I have a dance like everyone does" and added: "I'm way out of my comfort zone." Historically, pop stars generally do well thanks to their dance practice but this is no guarantee of success. READ MORE:  Will Mellor details heart-breaking reason he signed up to Strictly The BBC has already shared information about the new professionals joining the show Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu,Lauren Oakley, and Michelle Tsiakkas. They will be joining existing professionals Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer, Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Cameron Lombard, Gorka Marquez, Luba Mushtuk, Giovanni Pernice, Jowita Przystal, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington and Nancy Xu. In 2021, actress Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni lifted the Glitterball Trophy after winning over the judges and nation with their footwork. This was Giovanni's first win and fourth time in the Strictly final. Back in May, the BBC confirmed the judging panel for 2022 with Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Head Judge Shirley Ballas will be making a comeback with veteran pro Anton Du Beke continuing his residency after debuting in 2021. Craig said: “I am beyond thrilled to be returning to Strictly, I can’t believe it will be my 20th series! It’s going to be Fab-u-lous!” While Motsi said: “Last year’s series of Strictly was one of the highlights of my career, it has had such a real impact which has been incredible to witness. I am so proud to be a part of this show and I am so looking forward to returning for my fourth series!” Finally, head of the panel Shirley Ballas said: “Being a judge on Strictly is such a joy and honour for me, and I can’t wait to be back at the studio waving my paddle. Every year the wonderful production team surpass themselves and I know they have some brilliant plans in store for 2022. I’m so excited to get started.” Adding his continued residency on the panel, Anton said: "Woohooo! This is BRILLIANT news. Everyone knows how much I absolutely love the show and I’m utterly delighted to be continuing as a regular judge. And I get to make the final again - now I know how Giovanni feels!" Strictly's hosting duo Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly are going to be heading back to the show as well. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers slam 'painful’ London taxi driver interview [VIEWER REACTION]Prince Harry 'scared' of 'Diana replacement' Meghan, claims Levin [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton 'whips off' dress live on TV [VIDEO]  2004 winner: Natasha Kaplinsky Newsreader Natasha Kaplinsky was the first celebrity to win the BBC dancing series, which originally aired in July of 2004. She was partnered with Brendan Cole. They finished 39 points ahead of competitor Christopher Parker. 2004 winner: Jill Halfpenny Jill Halfpenny was the second star to impress the judges with her dancing skills. Partnered with Darren Bennett, the pair beat off competition from Julian Clary and Denise Lewis in December of 2004. 2005 winner: Darren Gough Cricketer Darren Gough won the third series of Strictly. He and partner Lilia Kopylova wowed audiences but never once finished at the top of the leaderboard. 2006 winner: Mark Ramprakash Mark Ramprakash was the fourth star to lift the Glitterball Trophy. He was partnered with Karen Hardy and they were the first couple to restart a routine after their initial attempt saw Mark’s mic get caught in Karen’s dress. 2007 winner: Alesha Dixon Before becoming a Strictly judge, Alesha Dixon won the nation’s hearts and the Glitterball Trophy during the fifth series. She was partnered with professional dancer Matthew Cutler. 2008 winner: Tom Chambers Holby City star Tom Chambers was partnered with Camilla Dallerup when he won the sixth series. He performed the Foxtrot and Salsa in the final week. 2009 winner: Chris Hollins BBC Breakfast presenter Chris Hollins and his professional partner Ola Jordan surprised viewers when they beat Ricky Whittle and his partner Natalie Lowe in the final. They wowed with the Foxtrot, Charleston, Lindy Hop and Showdance. 2010 winner: Kara Tointon Kara Tointon was the eighth celebrity to win Strictly. She danced with Artem Chigvintsev and failed to receive 40 points throughout her time on the show. 2011 winner: Harry Judd Former McFly star Harry Judd was the ninth star to lift the Glitterball Trophy. He didn’t top the leaderboard until week seven but then scored 40 points twice in the final. 2012 winner: Louis Smith The tenth series of the BBC show was won by Olympian Louis Smith. He danced his way to victory with professional partner Flavia Cacace. He faced competition from Kimberley Walsh, Denise Van Outen and Danni Harmer in the series finale. 2013 winner: Abbey Clancy Model Abbey Clancy won series eleven of Strictly alongside partner Alijaz Skorjanec. She was called a “spectacular dancer” with “wonderful posture” by former head judge Len Goodman. 2014 winner: Caroline Flack Love Island host Caroline Flack took to the dance floor in series 12 where she scooped the Glitterball Trophy with Pasha Kovalev. 2015 winner: Jay McGuiness Jay McGuiness surprised viewers when he won the thirteenth series of the BBC dancing competition with Aliona Vilani. When he learned he’d won, he told host Tess Daly: “I feel spaced out - it’s really weird.” 2016 winner: Ore Oduba Ore Oduba won the thirteenth series of the BBC dancing competition with Joanne Clifton. The sports presenter broke down in tears after beating Danny Mac and Louise Redknapp. 2017 winner: Joe McFadden Joe McFadden was victorious with professional dance partner Katya Jones. The Holby City star beat off competition from fan favourite Debbie McGee, Gemma Atkinson and Alexandra Burke. 2018 winner: Stacey Dooley Documentary-maker Stacey fought off competition to make it to the Grand Final of Strictly Come Dancing with professional dance partner Kevin Clifton last year. When they won, Kevin described her as “the most wonderful person". 2019 winner: Kelvin Fletcher Late to the Strictly Come Dancing party, Kelvin signed up after Jamie Laing was forced to pull out with an injury. But that didn’t stop the Emmerdale actor from dancing up a storm with professional partner Oti Mabuse. 2020 winner: Bill Bailey Bill Bailey helped Oti Mabuse secure her second Strictly Come Dancing win in two consecutive years. He entertained viewers and the judges with his performances each week. 2021 winner: Rose Ayling-Ellis The EastEnders actress made history when she became the first deaf contestant to compete on the BBC series and win with Giovanni Pernice. Strictly Come Dancing 2022 will return to BBC One later this year