Bowel cancer, just like any other cancer, must be acted upon as soon as it's detected. Cancer that has spread might be more challenging to treat. However, it’s still important to identify the warning signs of a spreading tumour. Even though bowel cancer starts in either your back passage or large bowel, it can also spread to other parts of your body. The kind of cancer that has spread to a different location is referred to as advanced bowel cancer. The tell-tale signs of advanced bowel cancer can be exactly the same as bowel cancer that hasn’t spread. However, they can also include other symptoms depending on where the tumours travelled. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Dry skin in this area could be a sign of high levels - 'Contact a GP' Cancer Research UK explains that bowel cancer that spread to your bones can cause: These three sensations are triggered by hypercalcaemia which occurs as a result of damaged bones releasing calcium into your blood. Other symptoms that signal hypercalcaemia include: constipation, irritability and confusion.  However, tumour that has spread to your bones can also strike down with pain. The charity explains that your bones might become weak and more prone to breaking and fractures. Cancer Research UK also explains that these symptoms don’t guarantee you have advanced bowel cancer as they might be caused by other health problems. However, it’s important to “see a GP” if you are worried about any new continuous symptoms. READ MORE: 'I knew I was going to hear it one day' Sarah Beeny on the cancer diagnosis she expected Although symptoms in your bones could point to bowel cancer, there are also other signs that can draw attention to the deadly condition. Due to the position of bowel cancer, you can expect to suffer from these signs: The NHS notes that these symptoms should be taken “more seriously” in older age or when they persist. It might be difficult to identify bowel cancer as the symptoms might feel subtle and not necessarily make you feel ill, according to the health service. Trying simple treatments designed to target the signs troubling you could also be worth a shot. However, if your symptoms persist for three weeks or more, it’s crucial to go see your doctor. From colonoscopy to CT scans, there are different tests that could help determine whether you have the condition.