Manchester United now appear to have two Frenkie de Jong agreements in place as they battle to sign the Barcelona star before the transfer window shuts on September 1. Erik ten Hag swiftly made the Netherlands international his main target at the start of the summer. And the Red Devils are still hopeful they’ll recruit the 25-year-old, who is also a target for Chelsea. Manchester United have spent three months pursuing De Jong. Though the Barcelona star is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp, the Red Devils continue to believe his good relationship with Ten Hag can lead to the midfielder making a blockbuster move to Old Trafford before next month'ss deadline. United know they need a world-class midfielder to compensate for the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic, who quit the club for Juventus and Roma respectively earlier in the summer. And they currently have two agreements in place that are worth noting at a time where Chelsea are also aggressively pursuing De Jong’s signature. The first is a fee. United are willing to spend an initial £63million on De Jong, a fee that would make him the fifth most-expensive signing in the Red Devils’ entire history. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Only Paul Pogba, Harry Maguire, Romelu Lukaku and Jadon Sancho have moved to the club for more. De Jong would leapfrog Angel Di Maria, too, who cost United a massive £59m upon moving to Old Trafford from Real Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2014. And the second agreement, as revealed on Wednesday, is one with the player’s agent. Dutch journalist Marcel van Der Kraan revealed this news when speaking to Sky Sports, saying: “I understand, here at the Dutch end, that Frenkie de Jong is still an absolute number one priority for Erik ten Hag and the club. “They are certainly not giving up no matter what Frenkie says in Barcelona. “They have a deal with the agent of the player and it just depends on what is happening in the political department at Barcelona over his wages, which they still owe him.” DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Now, the saga appears to be nearing its end. De Jong’s representatives, as well as the player himself, met with Barcelona on Wednesday as they look to resolve the player’s signature once and for all. Widespread reports claim his future at the club is set to become clearer in the next 48 hours. And Barcelona’s need to sell appears to be growing due to the fact they’re currently struggling to register some of their new signings. Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie both moved to the Nou Camp earlier this summer from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. But Barcelona may be forced to lose the pair for free if they’re unable to register them in time for Saturday’s La Liga opener against Rayo Vallecano. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. While United are still pursuing De Jong, they’re also looking at other midfielders at the same time. They’re confident of bringing in Adrien Rabiot, with the France international looking to leave Juventus after three years in Turin. And United are said to be admirers of Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, too, with the Lazio star scoring 11 Serie A goals last season. Meanwhile, speaking recently, former Tottenham star Jamie O’Hara labelled United’s pursuit of De Jong as ‘embarrassing’ and urged them to move on to alternatives. O'Hara told Sky Sports News: "Move on, move on. It's been a joke. It's almost embarrassing now that they're still trying to pursue it. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "If it hasn't happened now, it's not going to happen. This is Manchester United we're talking about, one of the biggest clubs in the world. "I know they don't have the biggest pull anymore because of the way the club's gone, but if the player's still turning around saying 'I don't want to leave, I want to stay at Barcelona', they're messing around trying to sort the wages that he's owed, just move on from him. "There's plenty of other top-class players out there that you can sign and you don't want a player ending up coming to the football club almost against his will, in a way. That doesn't sit right with me." And he added: "If Manchester United phoned me when I was in my prime, and a lot of players would say the same, you're on the plane, next day 'I'm going to Manchester United'. “Now, if a player's saying 'no I don't want to go', then alright see you later then, we'll get someone else." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here