Bravo’s hit reality show Below Deck Mediterranean reached new heights after chef Dave and chief steward Natasha’s tension boiled over. Following Monday’s episode, viewers expressed their outrage on social media after Dave exploded with anger.  When season seven premiered in July fans were met with a host of new crew members including chef Dave White and chief steward Natasha Webb. It was soon discovered the two had shared a previous charter together and had a fling, which Natasha wanted to remain quiet about. After watching her mingle with other men during a night out, Dave revealed she had cheated on her boyfriend with him and wanted an exclusive relationship with the stew. However, things took a dark turn on Monday’s episode, which opened with Natasha receiving tons of texts from the chef and claiming she felt suffocated by him. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter    Tensions began to rise after Dave confronted her during a group dinner for not responding to texts, even though she had been working. He then followed her to the women’s toilets where she told him: “We’re not in a f*****g relationship, Dave!” As a result, Natasha decided to leave the dinner early and head back, receiving an influx of messages from Dave who demanded to know her whereabouts. When the group returned, Dave found her bed empty and proceeded to frantically text her with threats to tell everyone about her secrets.     Fans were outraged with Dave and his behaviour towards Natasha and took Twitter with complaints, @shaeliz92 who wrote: “Fk Dave sending Tasha those messages.” @EchucaEarl added: “Dave's texts are so wrong, no matter how much Tash was at fault for leading him on, no-one deserves those messages.” An angered @SammyOdis tweeted: “I f*****g CALLED it. Dave is the ULTIMATE ‘nice guy’ - the MINUTE he doesn’t get his way he threatens her, calls her a slut & everything else. F**k HIM.” [Sic] @17HockeyStud stated: “Dave went way too far. He acted ridiculously but Natasha does not always tell the full truth so I feel like her hands were not totally clean either.” DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast guest told ‘put it away’ after wardrobe mishap [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Kyle Viljoen speaks on Ryan and Aesha spin-off feud [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med fans demand Raygan fired after Sandy error [INSIGHT]   While many fans were enraged at Dave, many came into his defence and claimed Natasha was at fault for “leading him on". Though the chef had stated he wanted to be in a relationship with Natasha, viewers were yet to see the two be open about their feelings for each other. Throughout the series, Natasha had also appeared to be flirting with Dave which even prompted second steward Kyle Viljoen to suggest the two should be together. Some viewers were outraged at the stew with many pitying Dave.    A defensive @PaceyWilliams wrote: “Natasha really thought bunking with Dave WASN'T leading him on!!??” @RealityTVBabe00 warned: “I don’t really like how Natasha is treating Dave. If she doesn’t want to be with him, tell him! He’s trying to talk to her yet she keeps blowing him off….this may get bad!” The following morning Dave revealed he didn’t remember sending the barrage of texts. As a result of the events, Captain Sandy Yawn insisted on a new bunking situation which Natasha agreed to. Below Deck Mediterranean is available in the US on Bravo and in the UK on Hayu