Russia’s death toll in the Ukraine war now stands at more than 46,000, the Ukrainian military said in a new update on Friday. Ukraine’s armed forces provide regular daily updates on Russia’s casualties and its losses of military equipment. Western officials estimate the Russian death toll to be even higher, between 70,000 and 80,000. However, the Kremlin, which tells its people the war is just a “special operation” has still only acknowledged 1,351 Russian deaths in its last update from March. “The Russians will tell you that their manpower won World War 2, and everybody else on earth will tell you that the US and UK, specifically destroying the German economy so that they could not actually supply their troops anymore, won World War 2. “My point is that just having blood to spend is not good enough. And shovelling more bodies in is not good enough.” Dr Callahan of New England College in the US is a former diplomat and US State Department official. Now working as a military adviser, he has analysed the war for Express.co.uk and the propaganda Russia has used. He said: “A lot of the things that we see that we think are clumsy attempts at propaganda directed at us, well it looks clumsy, because it wasn't directed at us.  “It was directed internally, and they are quite good at it. A lot of Russians buy the bulls**t and it is hard to fight that. “But if you open up all of society to a mass conscription, it would be very difficult to keep that information from getting to more and more people and pi**ing them off more and more. “But even if you did that, all you would be doing is generating cannon fodder for the field.” Russia has used widespread propaganda to influence its citizens during the war, which initially was believed to have left many Russians unaware of the horrors being perpetrated by their government in Ukraine. However, there is increasing evidence that many Russians are aware of the conflict and how many Russian troops are being killed. DON'T MISS: China faces 'dire' economic crisis for MONTHS as heatwave dries up supply chains [LATEST]Putin using convicts as soldiers in Ukraine in ‘desperate’ attempt to project strength[INSIGHT]'Maybe I should clean house myself' Russian oligarch devastated by sanctions [ANALYSIS] This week BBC News interviewed the mother of 24-year-old Russian soldier Yevgeny Chubarina. The inexperienced conscript was handed a gun, sent to Ukraine and was killed with days. Nina Chubarina, who lives in northern Russia, blasted Russia’s recruitment of her son and other inexperienced young men to make up for its heavy losses in the conflict. She said: "I tried to talk him out of it. I cried. I said, 'There's a war, you'll be killed!' He said, 'Mum, everything will be fine.' "They just send them in like dumb little chickens! They'd hardly even held a gun before. “They're cannon fodder. The generals think, 'We've got a volunteer: great, in you go!'"