New footage has caught Daniil Medvedev confronting a fan at the Montreal Masters after being called a “loser”. The incident happened after his defeat to Nick Kyrgios in the opening round, and security guards can be seen surrounding the world No 1 as he tells his hater that he is “calm” but “doesn’t like” the chants. Medvedev suffered an early exit at the Canadian open on Thursday, losing to Kyrgios 6-7(1) 6-4 6-2. The 26-year-old was the defending champion and his world No 1 ranking is now in jeopardy following the defeat. And it now appears that things got even worse for the US Open champion after the match, as a TikTok video has shown the Russian being called a “loser” by a fan at the tournament in Montreal, before he decides to walk up to the man in question and confront him. As Medvedev walks past fans waiting outside the stadium, loud shouts of “loser” can be heard at the start of the video. The 14-time title winner then turns around and walks in the direction of the shouting, and can be seen confronting the spectator in question as security guards surround the world No 1 and he asks: “What did you say?”. As things continue to heat up, Medvedev can be heard telling him: “I’m super calm.” JUST IN: Raducanu vs Williams given blockbuster billing in blow to Brit fans  Other fans tell the man in question to apologise, while several can be seen filming the incident and stepping closer to catch what the Russian is saying. While most of his speech can’t be made out, the top seed in Montreal uses avid hand gestures and is heard telling the spectator that he “doesn’t like” what was said. Medvedev then speaks about eye contact and tells his naysayer: “Don’t look down.” He then walks away, pointing back in their direction as security guards follow him through the rest of the crowd. DON'T MISS Rafael Nadal in gruelling training regime ahead of injury returnEmma Raducanu's new coach Tursunov caught up in Russian propagandaNick Kyrgios makes defiant Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal comment   The world No 1 is now headed to Cincinnati, where Rafael Nadal could steal his ranking by winning the title. The pair are in opposite halves of the draw as they battle for not only the title, but the top spot of the ATP rankings.  And Medvedev could face another showdown with Kyrgios, as the pair are projected to meet in the quarter-finals if they both get there, having been drawn in the same section. 