Iconic actress Judi Dench will be heading to The Repair Shop barn to have one of her most cherished items fixed. The 87-year-old will be making an appearance in a special upcoming episode of the BBC show alongside Strictly Come Dancing star Craig Revel Horwood to mark this year's Edinburgh TV Festival.  Additionally, the one-off show will celebrate five years of the popular programme. The famous faces will be paying a visit to Jay Blades and the rest of the restoration team, and Judi will bring along a pocketwatch which belonged to her late husband, who died in 2001. The actor was gifted the watch by Judi in 1972, a year after they got married. However, the sentimental item no longer works, so the star is keen to get it working again in memory of Michael. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on Horologist and The Repair Shop favourite Steve Fletcher will be tasked with fixing the special item. Meanwhile, stern Strictly judge Craig will be bringing to the barn a lifelike chimp from Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber’s musical, Sunset Boulevard. BBC star Will Kirk will be on-hand to fix the unique memento for the dancer. The Teddy Bear Ladies, Amanda Middleditch and Julie Tatchell will also provide a helping hand for Craig's item. Speaking via The Mirror, managing director of production company Ricochet, Joanna Ball, said: "The team, on and off screen, has done an extraordinary job and our heartfelt thanks to Dame Judi and to Craig for sharing their precious stories with us. "As always we’re a little bit nervous sharing the finished fixes but we hope that they love the work our experts have delivered as much as we loved working on them." Creative director of the festival Stewart Clarke added: "This is the perfect opening entertainment piece and we would like to thank everyone involved for bringing a bit of The Repair Shop magic of the barn to the TV Festival, it’s going to be an absolute must-see." Judi isn't a stranger to the iconic barn, having been a guest there earlier this year in a Comic Relief special. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman’s appearance savaged by Lizzie Cundy [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell sentimental war medals [VIDEO]BBC viewers fume as EDF boss ‘smirks’ over rising energy prices probe [REACTION] She joined Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders in a one-off sketch to raise money for the charity event. The hilarious episode was a hit with fans of the actresses and the show alike. Talking about filming the comic episode, Dawn admitted the trio were "fangirling" over the stars. "Then we bring our friend Judi in as well," the actress said. "You’re going to have to rescue Jay Blades at the end of the day from Judi’s clutches, and then we’ll be next in line." Jennifer added to the Daily Mirror: "And she’s a huge fan, Dame Judi." The Repair Shop started in 2017 and has become a BBC staple ever since. Five years on, Jay and the others have become household names, and the show remains popular. The live show will be available to watch via the Edinburgh TV Festival's YouTube channel. 