The young royal, aged seven, was on Tuesday spotted with Prince William and Kate at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre watching the swimming on day five of the games. Charlotte, who last weekend stunned fans in a video wishing the England women's football team good luck ahead of their Euros victory, stole the show once again – although this time she seemed less jubilant than in her previous appearance as she frustratedly buried her head in her hands while at the sporting event in Birmingham. In a 10-second clip posted on the Kensington Royal Instagram account, William said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we are rooting for you all the way." The girl, who was shyly sitting beside him, said: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye!" The footage quickly made rounds on social media, and royal observers are thought to be delighted to be seeing more of the Cambridges' daughter soo soon after. The Royal Family has shown its support for the Commonwealth Games en masse this year, with the Wessexes due to attend most days. Pictures from the quadrennial games showed 18-year-old Lady Louise with her brother James, Viscount Severn, 14, and their parents, Sophie and Prince Edward watching the badminton, boxing and weightlifting contests on Monday. On Tuesday, Louise wore a white shirt, floral skirt and tan leather handbag as she greeted Kate, her cousin-by-marriage, with a double kiss on the cheek. DON'T MISSQueen’s Soldiers told play bagpipes later in local outrage [REPORT]Should Beatrice and Eugenie be included in slim monarchy? [POLL]Meghan and Harry silent on Archewell website for FOUR months [ANALYSIS] The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall attended the opening ceremony, arriving in Charles' cheese and wine-fuelled Aston Martin. The Queen, as Head of the Commonwealth, is understood to be particularly committed to the ongoing success of the tournament and will pay special attention to the stories and successes of its members during the 2022 edition. She sent a message of congratulations to competitors, paying tribute to the Commonwealth "family" and all it stands for. The monarch's message, read on her behalf by Charles during the event's opening ceremony at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, said: "On October 7 last year, this specially created Baton left Buckingham Palace to travel across the Commonwealth. "Over the past 294 days, it has carried not only my message to you but also the shared hopes and dreams of each nation and territory through which it passed, as it made its way to Birmingham. "Over the years, the coming together of so many for the 'Friendly Games' has created memorable shared experiences, established long-standing relationships, and even created some friendly rivalries!" It continued: "But above all, they remind us of our connection with one another, wherever we may be in the world, as part of the Commonwealth family of nations. "Tonight, in the words of the founder of the Games, we embark once again on a novel adventure here in Birmingham, a pioneering city which has drawn in and embraced so many throughout its history. "It is a city symbolic of the rich diversity and unity of the Commonwealth, and one which now welcomes you all in friendship."