Cleaning lovers have shared a simple effective solution for banishing ants using baking soda and icing sugar. Fans of cleaning pro Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have been sharing their cleaning hacks on social media groups. On Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one user Charlotte Allen wrote: “Ants! They are everywhere! Crawling all over my windows, radiators and windowsills I’ve tried talc, cinnamon, white vinegar nothing is working! “I can’t put a bait station in my home. I have two autistic kids that like to put anything in their mouth. Someone please help me.” Charlotte’s post was inundated with comments from fellow cleaning fans ready to share their top tips. Of all the comments, the most favoured was to use a combination of baking soda and icing sugar to remove these pests. Karen Marie commented: “Baking soda mixed with icing sugar, they eat it and explode inside and it’s safe for your kids. Just sprinkle it where they are and put tiny piles around.” READ MORE: ‘Effective’ 99p method to naturally repel mice from homes Lisa Cottrell said: “I had lots on my window couple of weeks ago, it was horrendous. I placed a mixture of baking soda and icing sugar next to the window and never had a problem since.” Sandra Wilson advised: “Put icing sugar and baking soda in a small bowl. The ants will climb into the solution and take it back to the nest and die. “We had an infestation a few years ago and it was the only thing that worked to completely clear them.” Gerri Holmes agreed: “I used a mixture of bicarbonate of soda and icing sugar which worked a treat.” DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Use stale bread to ‘revitalise’ your plants - ‘recommend’ way to use [TIPS]Joanna Lumley’s quiet life with husband in lavish London home [INSIGHT] Anette Hill replied: “Talc will not get rid of these pests for good, but icing sugar mixed with baking soda will. “It’s effective as ants will inhale the solution, bring it back to their nests and dry out.” It is the baking soda that is the key to killing ants. When ants digest the baking soda, it reacts with the acid in their digestive system and they die. Unknowingly, they will collect the baking soda and sugar mixture and march it straight back into the nest to kill all the other ants too. The icing sugar helps to lure the ants in as they are attracted to all things sweet. READ MORE: Flatmates plagued with flies and 'vile stench' as rats rotted in walls Baking soda and icing sugar can be found in most homes but for those who don’t have them, they can be purchased fairly cheaply from most local supermarkets. Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda is available for just £1.75. Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda costs £2 from Ocado. Asda Bicarbonate of Soda is just 55p. Sainsbury's Icing Sugar costs £1 from Sainsbury’s. Asda Icing Sugar can be bought for just 85p. The next popular suggestion from cleaning enthusiasts was to use peppermint oil. Lynn Kuy said: “I use peppermint oil in a spray bottle of water, works great for me. I spray round outside, round the doorstep, doors and window frames.” Alissa Radford commented: “Peppermint is great and also good for keeping flies and spiders out of the house. “Buy peppermint oil and put a few drops in an empty bottle, top up with water and spray around all your doors and windows. “Put a few undiluted drops outside around the house if you don't have pets. They hate the smell so you should be pest free.”