The Repair Shop host Jay Blades and mechanical expert David Burville were joined by cousins Tamsin Thomas and Daniel Yates. They needed David's help restoring their great-grandfather's mechanical fire engine which he made during his time during the Blitz. Before embarking on the task, David touched on his heartwarming link to his family being in the war and his father having a similar toy. As they walked into the barn and presented the toy, Jay asked: "This is a fire engine... can you tell us about it?" Daniel revealed: "It was made by my great-grandfather and Tamsin's grandfather and it is based on a fire engine that was at the fire station at the time." Tamsin added: "He was a fireman in the Blitz so he actually worked on this particular model so it was a toy that he made. "He was quite special to everybody in the family so I think, to have something that he crafted, and made it for my dad and he didn't anything during the war really, it wasn't toys." READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed David interjected and said: "You couldn't have gone to the fancy stores and got something like that, could you? It is amazing! Absolutely amazing." Daniel went on to reveal that there were missing wheels and headlamps which needed reattaching. As the cousins left the workshop, David excitedly revealed: "I really can't wait to get my hands on it, it is just, I want to play with it! "This little fire engine, I have to say is absolutely fantastic, it is amazing for me because my grandfather was also in the fire service during the war. "That was what they did at Christmas, when they weren't busy they were building things like this for all the children. "And my dad received some fantastic toys when he was young. But the first thing really is to dismantle it all and then we can decide what we want to do with it." As he began his repairs, he first had to prepare the surface for a new round of paint but made an unusual discovery in the process. He explained: "I have been preparing the body of the fire engine, so that is now primed and ready for the nice red colour to go on top. DON'T MISS...Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview [INSIGHT]‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles [LATEST]Farage slams 'over-inflated' Meghan [WATCH] "But as I was doing it, I made a bit of a discovery, so underneath there are some screw holes and bits of metal which are a little bit unusual. "Now I think it would have had an electric motor probably through a shaft which is really exciting, I think it would be nice if we try and reinstall that." Tamsin and Daniel were soon called back into the barn to see the repairs which Daniel had made to the fire engine. As Jay unveiled the new work of art, Tamsin and Daniel were stunned, as Tamsin exclaimed: "The colours are beautiful! I wish my dad was here! "It is beautiful, he never had possessions, my dad, he wasn't big on possessions so something like this is really special." Pleased they were happy with the work he had done, Daniel said: "I will give you a little demonstration," before turning the lights on. "Now if you push the gear stick forward and just give it a nudge forward as you do it," he added as Daniel stepped forward to reveal that the vehicle was able to move. Tamsin was shocked at the feature she never knew it had, exclaiming: "No way! That actually moves!" Daniel added: "That explains what the wires were underneath it!" David laughed at their reactions and thanked them: "I have just been blown away by it, the effort and the detail and everything that is in there is just incredible!" The Repair Shop airs Wednesday from 8pm on BBC One.