Manchester United want to make as many as five signings before the summer transfer window slams shut. Erik ten Hag has landed Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen so far. Express Sport will now take a look at the last recruits the Dutchman looks as he aims to win the Premier League title at the first time of asking. United want a back-up goalkeeper, having allowed Dean Henderson to leave temporarily. The England international was unwilling to stick around, with the Red Devils loaning the shot-stopper to Nottingham Forest. United now have David De Gea and Tom Heaton as their established and experienced goalkeepers at the club. And while Matej Kovar is also on the club’s books, there’s a sense the youngster needs another loan spell so he can genuinely challenge for the No 1 jersey. United have been linked with Sergio Romero again, just a year after the Argentina international’s departure. Whether they do bring him back, however, is something only time will tell. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United have spent big on right-backs in recent years. They forked out £18million on Diogo Dalot back in the summer transfer window of 2018, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka then touching down from Crystal Palace for £50m the following year. But, still, there are doubts over both players. Dalot is good going forward but suspect at the back, while it’s the other way round when it comes to Wan-Bissaka. Ethan Laird is expected to join Watford on loan. United have been tipped to pursue Max Aarons and Denzel Dumfries, of Norwich City and Inter Milan respectively, but no case is currently active. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United want a midfielder this summer. They saw Paul Pogba leave on a free transfer for Juventus, while Nemanja Matic also jumped ship to Roma. United’s main target is Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong, something that’s been well-publicised in recent months. But if they fail to land the Netherlands international, three alternatives could be pursued. Ruben Neves has admirers at Old Trafford, having flourished for Wolves in recent years. And so too do Sergej Milinkovic-Savic and Youri Tielemans, whose long-term futures at Lazio and Leicester are currently up in the air. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United could still lose Cristiano Ronaldo this summer, with the Portugal international eager to leave for a team playing in the Champions League. But, regardless of what happens, they want a senior forward. United had been eyeing Darwin Nunez and Erling Haaland, only for the duo to end up moving to Liverpool and Manchester City respectively. It’ll be interesting to see what happens, with the Red Devils also needing to replace Edinson Cavani. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United also want a young gem who they can mould into a superstar. Mason Greenwood was previously tipped for the very top but, now, it’s unclear if he’ll ever play for the club again. Benjamin Sesko is one name in the frame to move to Old Trafford, though it’ll take a fee of £55million to prompt Red Bull Salzburg into selling. And Antony is another. Ajax have, however, made it clear they’d want close to £70m to let the Brazil international depart. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here