A rescue team was called up to Britain's highest mountain to save the dog, Maggie, after she was unable to keep walking. Maggie, a 35kg Turkish Akbash, stopped walking after becoming exhausted from the heat and suffering from painful paws as a result of the hot ground. She was descending the 4,413ft mountain with three women. They attempted to carry her down the mountain but were forced to give up around halfway through the descent. Lochaber Mountain Rescue was called out to provide assistance on Saturday night. The team's leader, Donald Paterson, said the dog's ability to walk was impacted by the "heat and soreness". He told the BBC: "It had given up and the ladies were struggling to help it down. "It had a few cuts to its paws, but I think with the heat and soreness it decided it wasn’t going any further." READ MORE: Adorable rescue puppy needs help to walk again after horror collision The women were met by mountain rescuers halfway down the mountain. They transported Maggie to safety on a stretcher. Mr Paterson continued: "The owners were struggling and would certainly have been up there all night if they didn’t get any assistance." He also said that he would not expect his team to go out to rescue an animal but said they insisted. DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Thunder and heavy outbreaks of rain expected to sweep acr [INSIGHT] Spain heatwave: Pensioners 'locked indoors' amid 40C weather panic [REPORT] Drought could continue into NEXT YEAR as 'weeks worth of rain' needed [ANALYSIS] Lochaber Mountain Rescue had already had four other callouts to the mountain. They were called out to assist one person with a head injury, another with an ankle injury and two cases related to the hot weather. Their five-hour mission to save Maggie concluded at around 1am on Sunday. In a statement, the rescue team said: "With everyone out enjoying the scorching weather across Lochaber yesterday, the team were out attending to five call-outs. "The first four shouts ranged from fractures to heat-related illness, with the fifth casualty of the day being a little furrier than usual. "Maggie, a 35kg Akbash dog, came into difficulty with sore paws high on the Ben path and was unable to move. "A stretcher party, complete with a casualty carer and chicken stick treats, were dispatched to assist. "Once Maggie was secured into the stretcher she was able to be transported down the hill for a well-earned rest. "Big thanks to Rescue 151 who assisted through the day, and to Wolfhouse Gym for the much-needed sandwiches!"