The Crown season five is expected to take Netflix viewers to the early 1990s in Buckingham Palace, with Harry Potter actress Imelda Staunton replacing Olivia Colman as Queen Elizabeth II. The upcoming series has been described as "unprecedented" by The Crown podcast host Edith Bowman who has been lucky enough to see it before it drops on the streaming giant.  The show's new cast will see Jonathan Pryce play the late Duke of Edinburgh alongside Imelda as the monarch. Dominic West has taken over the role of Prince Charles and Lesley Manville is set to portray Princess Margaret. Edith, who hosts The Crown podcast, said: "This season is going to blow people’s minds for so many reasons. "It’s always that thing because it’s a new set of cast," she told The Metro.  READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview "We’ve gotten used to Olivia [Colman] and Josh [O’Connor] and Tobias [Menzies] and Emma [Corrin] and Helen [Bonham-Carter], and we’ve got a whole new set of cast." She also teased: "You’ll find you’ve not taken a breath for like three minutes when you see them on screen for the first time – and that’s all of them." When asked to describe the highly anticipated fifth outing, Edith declared it "unprecedented".  Edith is hosting the podcast for another season and will be interviewing all the key actors and cast members involved in the making of The Crown. The characters have been recast to reflect their older selves as the fifth season will be set after the events of season four. While Netflix bosses have kept tight-lipped on the storylines in the upcoming series, it has been revealed Prince William will be at the heart of a huge plot in the sixth and final season. It is understood the fifth season will focus on the early 1990s, with 1992 being the year Diana and Charles announced they were separating. DON'T MISS...Imelda Staunton health: Actress 'conscious' of health [LATEST]The Crown's Claire Foy admits she wanted filming to be finished  [UPDATE]Imelda Staunton is the new Queen as The Crown goes to Moscow [INSIGHT] There have also been whispers that Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's relationship will feature in the series. In a statement, Imelda, who is playing the Queen, said she was "honoured" to be joining the hit show. She explained: “I have loved watching The Crown from the very start. "As an actor, it was a joy to see how both Claire Foy and Olivia Colman brought something special and unique to Peter Morgan’s scripts. "I am genuinely honoured to be joining such an exceptional creative team and to be taking The Crown to its conclusion.” Lesley, who is playing Princess Margaret instead of Helena Bonham Carter, said: “The baton is being passed on from two formidable actresses and I really don’t want to let the side down. "Furthermore, to play siblings with my dear friend Imelda Staunton will be nothing short of a complete joy." The Crown fans will remember season four took them through the 1980s when Lady Diana Spencer (played by Emma Corrin) and Margaret Thatcher (Gillian Anderson) were introduced to the show. Elizabeth, who is playing Diana in season five, said it was a "privilege" to portray the British icon. The Crown season five lands on Netflix this November.  