As some struggling households are bracing for a cold winter with the latest energy price hike, fears are growing about what could happen in the following winters if the next Prime Minister fails to rise up to the occasion. The energy regulator Ofgem has announced its price cap – meant to protect energy consumers from excessively high energy bills – will increase from £1,971 a year to £3,549 from October 1. As another price hike in January could leave half of Britons in energy poverty, Tessa Khan, CEO of the second-largest oil and gas producer in Europe, warns the two next winters could be equally disastrous. Speaking on Times Radio, Ms Khan said: "What is truly shocking, I think, is that we’ve had accurate predictions of this hike in energy bills for months, but we still don’t have any kind of plan for the government. "Not just to address how people get through this winter, but also how we get through the next winter and the winter after that. "Because the thing that is driving up people’s energy bills, which are global gas prices are predicted to stay high until at least 2025. "So, unless we sort out the root cause of this, which is our exceptional dependency on gas to heat our households and in our power system, I mean, the UK has higher energy bills than any other Europe country because of that exceptional reliance." "And we fix the fact that we are wasting huge amounts of energy in our homes because we have some of the leakiest housing stock around," Ms Khan said. "We just aren’t going to be able to get a grip of this problem. "But these solutions are obvious. They’re on the table and the government just is failing to take advantage of all of those." The new energy price cap announced by Ofgem announced has sent shockwaves throughout Britain, as people will die of cold this winter because they cannot afford to heat their homes. READ MORE: ‘It’s calamitous!’ education chair warns ‘businesses are going to g... Some of Britain’s most vulnerable households will see up to 47 percent of their entire budget being swallowed up by energy costs this autumn, according to calculations done by investment platform Interactive Investor, based on figures from Ofgem and Office for National Statistics (ONS) family spending data. The fuel poverty charity National Energy Action warns almost 9 million households will fall into fuel poverty once bills surge in October. To cushion the blow of rising energy bills, British households are expected to receive £400 handouts in energy discounts under Boris Johnson’s energy plan. But analysts at ING say this falls short of the £65billion extra they would need to go through this winter. "It gives a sense of what the new Prime Minister will be faced with when they take office in early September," ING’s economist James Smith says. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis explodes over 'catastrophic' Ofgem increase [REPORT] Ofgem energy price cap increase: 7 ways to get help [EXPLAINER] 'You're not in charge' Starmer's answer to energy cap increase slammed [REPORT]  In a bid to keep energy bills at a reasonable level for the next two years, ScottishPower chief executive Keith Anderson has proposed a two-year bill freeze at an estimated cost of £100billion One of the Tory leadership candidates – either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak – will have to grapple with that issue when they become elected Prime Minister on September 5. While she has so far been reluctant to giving out handouts, frontrunner Liz Truss has hinted at helping to deal with the soaring energy bills this winter, pledging assistance "across the board." Rishi Sunak, an early favourite in the race to become the next Prime Minister now turned into the underdog, has pledged to slash rising energy bills for up to 16 million vulnerable people. READ NEXT:Adil Ray in fiery clash with woman who refuses to pay billsMillions of retirees 'trembling with anxiety’ - energy price cap soarsPOLL: Should MPs return to Parliament as energy price cap soars?Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package Martin Lewis warns 'no actual cap' on maximum energy bills you pay