This is due to the upcoming Bank Holiday which is set to take place next Monday on August 29. As a result, those who claim the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefit will get paid this Friday on August 27. Recipients of Universal Credit are being reminded of this payment change before it takes place. For many DWP claimants, being paid early is perceived as a positive thing as they are able to access their money sooner rather than later. However, getting Universal Credit payments early means recipients will need to make their money last longer. One of the consequences from being paid early is that people will need to wait longer for their next benefit payment. As a result, Universal Credit claimants must take into account this factor into their monthly budgets for September. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out The amount someone receives from the DWP will not change as a result of the early payment due to the Bank Holiday. Any money will be paid directly into the bank, building society or credit union account linked to the person’s claim. All cash received from the DWP will be paid automatically to claimants and no one affected should not need to contact their local Jobcentre about the early payment. Universal Credit payments are usually paid to claimants on the same day of every month by the Government department. Those who are due to be paid on August 29 will be affected by the Bank Holiday payment change this week. This will affect Universal Credit claimants living in England and Wales as Scotland does not have another Bank Holiday until November Any benefit payments due on August 30 will not be impacted by this upcoming change. It should be noted that Universal Credit is not the only benefit payment which will be affected by the Bank Holiday. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments Here is a list of the other DWP benefits which could be paid early this week: The DWP has confirmed that its office and phone lines will be closed on the Bank Holiday. In light of this, the Government department has made sure Universal Credit payments will be paid early. In an update, the DWP stated: “If the expected payment date is Monday August 29 benefits will be paid early on Friday August 26.” Anyone concerned about their Universal Credit payments can contact the DWP’s helpline at 0800 328 5644.