Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has reportedly spent this week working on trying to restore his side’s confidence after they endured a disastrous start to the Premier League season. The Red Devils had enjoyed a reasonably positive pre-season however any optimism quickly dissipated after they were comfortably beaten by Brighton at Old Trafford. There was hope that this year could be the start of a new era for the club after a terrible campaign in 2021/22. The 20-time Premier League winners finished sixth in the division, while they were also disappointing in the Champions League and domestic cup competitions. It was the club’s fifth trophyless season in a row, their worst run since 1974. The signs in pre-season had been somewhat encouraging. The club enjoyed some impressive results, with a 4-0 victory of Liverpool being one the most notable, while attacking trio Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho were starting to form a dangerous partnership. However, any initial confidence that supporters and players felt quickly disappeared during the first half of the opening game against Brighton. The same defensive issues that blighted last season were apparent again while the squad seemed to lack any kind of belief they could get back into the game once they fell behind. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Now, the Independent reports that reinstalling the team’s conviction has been one of Ten Hag’s key priorities this week. The Dutchman believes that his side’s current woes have their roots in the long-term defeatist attitude that have affected the club. He believes it was the player’s lack of confidence that undermined his tactical set-up and has hence set about doing all he can to restore their self-belief. Speaking during his press conference ahead of Saturday’s match against Brentford, Ten Hag said he had been working on solutions to the problems against Brighton. “I analyse the game, what went well, what went wrong,” he said. “We tell the players how they have to improve to give them solutions. Football is a game of mistakes, we know we have to improve.” DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join The Dutchman will not be able to call on the services of Anthony Martial and Victor Lindelof as the pair are struggling with injury. However, in more positive news for United supporters, the former Ajax boss said Cristiano Ronaldo could start. He finished by making a direct address to fans, promising to fulfil the pressures expected at the club. “I know there is always pressure and I have to experience how that is,” he said. “Everyone expects Manchester United to win every game. I prepare my team as good as I can.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.