Few households have this much money to spare. Even people on good incomes, who have always felt financially secure, may struggle to make the sums add up. In a perfect world, the Government might have set out plans to deal with this crisis on Friday, the same day that the new price cap was announced. There’s no escaping the fact that the ongoing Conservative leadership contest has delayed new measures. We are encouraged by the reassurances offered by ministers such as George Eustice and, writing in today’s paper, Greg Hands. They have highlighted the work both candidates to become Prime Minister are carrying out to ensure that whoever wins can hit the ground running with plans to help struggling households. Energy prices have shot up across the world and no government can simply wish the problem away. But both Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak appear to appreciate the severity of the situation and understand that tackling the cost-of-living crisis must be their top priority. We will hold whoever wins to account, to ensure they are as good as their words.  Everybody who works for the BBC knows that the broadcaster is supposed to be politically neutral. In Gary Lineker’s case it seems he just doesn’t care. For too long, this overpaid sports presenter has been allowed to say and do just what he wants. This would be fine if he was just a former footballer, but he’s also the face of one of the BBC’s most important shows. Mr Lineker appears to feel the rules don’t apply to him but this contradicts a clear statement from BBC Director General Tim Davie, who told MPs the duty to be impartial extends beyond the broadcaster’s news and current affairs team. It’s time that Mr Lineker agreed to respect the BBC’s traditions – or to find himself another job.  Princess Diana changed attitudes towards people with HIV and Aids. She alerted us to the horrors of landmines and their impact on civilians including children. By showing love and kindness to lepers she provided a role model for us all. Like the rest of us, she wasn’t perfect. Diana faced many challenges, and perhaps that helps explain why so many people felt she understood them and their lives. Her huge contribution to this country and the world will never be forgotten. 