If the dire predictions about soaring energy bills are proved correct, then the public will experience a bigger shock to living standards than anything endured in modern times. Unless the Government acts resolutely, households could be left destitute in the face of unaffordable demands. Only yesterday, the money-saving expert Martin Lewis warned that “a tragedy is about to unfold” in the form of “a financial cataclysm”. This was no wild exaggeration, given the brutal scale of the forecast price increases. The typical bill for a household on a capped dual-fuel tariff is expected to rise to a colossal £3,500 in the autumn, reaching £4,400 in April. Such exorbitant hikes are far beyond the means of people on average incomes and will spell poverty on an epic scale. Indeed, many consumers are already struggling due to energy inflation, with one quarter of households currently behind on their payments. Meanwhile, the Don’t Pay movement, which urges mass civil disobedience in response to the looming emergency, claims more than 97,000 people are now prepared to cancel their direct debits. These warnings come at a time when key energy firms are raking in unprecedented sums, thanks to price rises on the international markets. On the back of household penury, the oil and gas giants are drowning in cash. BP recently announced that its profits for the second quarter came to almost £7billion, though this figure was dwarfed by the £9.4billion made by Shell in the same quarter. Spectacular earnings have also been enjoyed by Centrica, the owners of British Gas, which garnered a profit of £1.3billion in the first six months of 2022, five times the sum it made in the first half of last year.  When energy producers have fabulous riches, and households are in fear of ruin, something has gone badly wrong with our system. It is fashionable to put the blame on the war in Ukraine, which has pushed up prices by restricting international supply lines. That is not the whole answer. In reality, the problems have been exacerbated at home by successive governments, whose policies have mixed green dogma with wilful neglect. Britain should be one of the luckiest nations on earth when it comes to the supply of energy. We not only have unrivalled expertise in nuclear power, wind turbines and hydro technology, but we also have tremendous reserves of oil, coal, natural gas and shale gas. One estimate is that there could be as much as 2,000 trillion cubic feet of shale gas in our island, while our North Sea fields may contain 5.2 billion barrels of oil and gas. Yet the ideological quest by officialdom to achieve the target of net zero carbon emissions by 2050 means these resources are increasingly ignored, as the focus of the state is concentrated on renewables, despite their unreliability.  Little effort has been made to build a new generation of nuclear power stations, just as fracking is halted by bureaucratic disapproval. In addition, the Government has failed to upgrade the power grid infrastructure. An even bigger error was the decision to close down – on the short-sighted grounds of cost savings – the Rough facility on the Yorkshire coast, which accounted for 70 per cent of Britain’s natural gas storage capacity. It will take years to rectify these mistakes and develop a more diverse approach. But the needs of the British public are immediate. Just as in the pandemic, a massive support scheme is required to avoid social collapse.  Against that backdrop, the Tory leadership debate about the tax burden appears surreal. Cuts in income or corporation tax are not going to do anything to help the least well-off. Nor does the removal of green levies and VA T on energy bills, promised by Liz Truss, go far enough, welcome though such steps are. The desperation of the moment requires something much more ambitious. In May Rishi Sunak promised a £15billion package of support, with an average payout of £400 for every household, going up to £1,200 for the most needy families. As Martin Lewis has urged, that programme should probably be doubled in size. Some of its costs could be met by a big expansion in the windfall tax on the major energy producers. They can not only afford to pay more but they have a moral duty to help. It is incredible that Britain, the nation that pioneered the industrial revolution, should be in this mess. But the Government will inflict an even worse betrayal on the public if Ministers fail to prevent catastrophe. 