Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has taken to social media in a post urging followers to ignore follow requests from an imposter account on Twitter. The Grand Tour host begged his own 7.8 million followers not to pay attention to the scam account. Along with a screenshot of the fake account, Jeremy wrote: “If you are sent this, ignore it. It’s not me.” Fans of the TV presenter explained it wasn’t the first time they’d come across such scam accounts. @THATPieterRaas said: “Yeah i got a similar one from Hammond, I clicked on it but the page crashed.” @Tm_stn joked: “It’s looks like you though so... READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury  “How do we know for sure if you’re not him and he is in fact you?” @Goldie007uk wrote playfully: “The person REALLY looks like you though...it's uncanny..” It comes after the motoring journalist sparked fury on Twitter after making remarks about climate change following the recent national heatwave. The Clarkson’s Farm presenter angered users when he derisively compared British concerns to the public attitude in France. He wrote: “Really hot in France this evening. “But I’ve had a beer and all is well,” he concluded. It comes after the UK faced its largest heatwave of the summer. Jeremy’s fans took to his tweet in mid-July to share their thoughts on his attitude towards the situation. READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS] Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST] 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE] Many were unimpressed, as Christopher Ashton wrote: “There are people struggling in the heat, remember that. “20 years ago I was on dialysis. I was limited 500mls a day,  it's a choice between dehydration and heart problems caused by being fluid overloaded for some.” (sic) Referring to the wild fires that were sweeping through France and Spain, Andy Clayton commented: “Perhaps you could pop down there in the flames with your beer and let us know how you get on.” Others found the lightheartedness in Jeremy’s remarks, with Spam Fritter penning: “Have a few more. It's gonna be another hot one tomorrow.” In another tweet, Jeremy clarified: "I’ve spent my life working in extreme heat and we survived by having a beer under a tree. “Climate change is real. Drink more beer.”