Mercedes have brought the biggest upgrade package compared to their rivals ahead of the Belgian Grand Prix after Toto Wolff challenged his team to "find improvements, make progress and hopefully challenge Red Bull and Ferrari for wins". They have made performance updates to their front wing endplate, floor fence and floor body in an attempt for Lewis Hamilton and George Russell to win their first race of the season. The front wing endplates have been reprofiled to try and reduce drag. The floor fence and body, meanwhile, have been realigned in order to get a net gain in downforce. "While we're still not quite in the fight for victories, we're getting closer, so we need to keep the momentum going and the pressure on," Wolff said on Thursday before the race at Spa. "We're set for an intense second half of the season, with nine more opportunities to find improvements, make progress and hopefully challenge Red Bull and Ferrari for wins." JUST IN: Audi aims subtle dig at Mercedes and Toto Wolff during F1 annoucement It comes after former Williams and McLaren driver Juan Pablo Montoya claimed Mercedes had a "big, big upgrade" coming ahead of the Belgian Grand Prix which will give Hamilton and  Russell a boost in their bid to finish the season strong. Speaking to Vegas Insider, Montoya said: "The other big question mark is coming out of the break, the rumour is that Mercedes has a big, big upgrade coming for their cars. And, if that is the case, Mercedes really comes up with a car, which is really cool to see from Mercedes." He added: "I think everybody is going to come up with big upgrades. Mercedes is still gonna get better, against everybody else, but everybody else in the field is gonna stay very constant. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell backs Mercedes for trying to rivals' cars slowerFIA announce Lewis Hamilton's car was investigated for three things'The penalty is high' Lewis Hamilton picks out scary Belgian GP aspect "Because they all keep developing and making the cars better to drive, easier to drive. Everybody is getting a little more comfortable with the new package, and understanding the new package. "So I think the way everybody is developing the cars is going to be very similar, but I still think that Mercedes out-develops everybody else. That is my two cents." Mercedes will be desperate to be in with a chance to win on Sunday, and Hamilton and Russell have been boosted by Max Verstappen, Charles Leclerc and co starting from the back of the grid after being punished for making power unit changes to their cars.