Optometrist Dr Pamela Miller said: "As you reach your 40s you might start to notice that you need to squint to see and read, this could be presbyopia. As you age the lens of your eye naturally hardens, losing its ability to change shape, which can make it hard for you to focus on things that are close up." Dr Miller continued: "If you find yourself suffering, it might be worth seeing your optician to find out what treatment is best.    "Most people just need to pick up some reading glasses to help correct the condition." If you notice blurry vision, and colours appear less vibrant, Dr Miller cautioned that "you may be suffering with cataracts". "It’s one of the most common vision changes in your 40s," she warned. "And also the most common cause of vision loss in people over 40." Dr Miller explained that cataracts "develop as the tissues in your eyes [the ones responsible for focusing your vision] begin to age". READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer symptoms: Four signs in your poo to look out for Cataracts can make the lens of your eye look "cloudy", but the eye problem can be corrected with prescription glasses. For people whose vision is progressively getting worse, corrective surgery might be required. "Just like cataracts, glaucoma can make your eyes look cloudy or foggy," added Dr Miller. "As you age, the pressure in your eyes can grow and damage your optic nerve, making your vision blurry. In some cases you may even feel physically sick." While relatively common for people aged 40 and older, glaucoma can go undetected for numerous years as the condition may present with no symptoms. "This is why it’s so important to see your optician regularly as they’ll be able to catch the condition early and provide you with a treatment plan," Dr Miller emphasised. Then there's age-related macular degeneration, which is when you begin to notice blind spots in your vision. AMD, as it's shortened to, can be a "serious risk to your health". Dr Miller said: "As you age, the macula, the middle part of the retina which allows you to see fine detail, deteriorates. "This condition can be treated if caught early with nutritional supplements and lots of exercise. "More severe cases of AMD may require injections or laser therapy. However, if left untreated it can lead to vision loss." Dr Miller is an advocate for regular eye examination which can catch most conditions in the earliest of stages. By addressing any eye conditions as they develop, a treatment plan can ensure your eyesight is protected. "Shockingly, our research recently revealed around 27 percent of those over 40 haven’t visited an optician in over two years," said Dr Miller. "And over one in four (28 percent) of Brits don’t even consider their eye health a priority." If you have not booked an eye examination in the past two years, now is your time to do so. Dr Miller works on behalf of All About Vision.