Comedian and former Coronation Street actor Duggie Brown has died aged 82 his management team has confirmed. The legendary actor played the role of Ted Spear in the ITV soap at the start of the year. Taking to Twitter today, the British comic's representatives penned an emotional farewell to Duggie, writing: "It is with a heavy heart I share the news the very talented Comedian & Actor Duggie Brown passed away this morning with his wife Jackie by his side. What an honour it was to work with Duggie. A born entertainer who loved his profession. "RIP Duggie Brown. We love & salute you." Tommy Cannon, who is one-half of Cannon and Ball, paid tribute to his beloved pal on social media. He wrote: "Really sad to hear about the passing of Duggie Brown, Rest in peace pal, what a funny funny man- thinking of all your friends and family." Tributes have since poured in for the beloved star as fans reacted to the news. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, shows off unreal abs in very busty display Neil Hurst commented: "Beyond sad to hear that my ol’ pal Duggie Brown has passed away. One of my very first telly jobs was with Duggie back in 1997 and I was lucky to appear in so many shows with him since. Genuinely one of the nicest and funniest guys in the business. Sad day." Ben Goffe said: "Sad to hear about the passing of a wonderful comic, Duggie Brown. I was lucky enough to perform with him at Brick Lane Music Hall and get to know him as a Brother Water Rat as well as serving under him as King Rat. Sending lots to love to his wife, family and friends." Twitter user, @Elizabeth penned: "Oh no ! I remember him very well in the Glamour Girls. His sister Lynne Perrie interviewed my mum back in 1990 as part of a factual programme. RIP Duggie." @Treggie tweeted: "Sad news, very funny man. Remember him well from TV. RIP."  British Comedy Society wrote: "We are saddened to learn of the death of comedian, actor and reigning King Rat, Duggie Brown. He was 82." @DaveLee added: "Sorry to hear Duggie Brown’s died. He was the second cast member to sign my Kes VHS, when I shot a corporate with him in the mid-90’s. The first was Brian Glover. When Duggie saw his name he said ‘Typical Glover, no room left for anyone else.’" Duggie featured on Coronation Street back in January, where he played Ted Spear, the man who Faye Windass (played by Ellie Leach) hit with her car while driving home after a New Year’s Eve party. Initially, Ted was fine, so Faye and Emma (played by Alexandra Mardell) walked him back to his flat. DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's return to UK questioned by Piers Morgan[LATEST]Demi Moore, 59, wows in bikini as Bruce Willis' wife compliments star[PICTURES]Valerie James dead: Wife of Carry On legend Sid James dies aged 93[TRIBUTES] However, when they returned later that day, they found Ted dead in his armchair. The ordeal sparked a huge storyline for Faye and Emma, as they made a pact to keep his death a secret to prevent time behind bars. In the late 90s, he appeared in the ITV soap as George Freeman, owner of The Hour Glass bar, and in 2004, he played Bernie Cooper – husband of Rita’s (Barbara Knox) friend, Rula Romanoff. Aside from his acting career, Duggie was also a regular on the comedy circuit with his stand up routines. The performer also featured in a variety of popular TV shows. One of his early roles was in Ken Loach’s film, Kes – which was based on the novel by Barry Hines. Duggie’s character was a milkman, with his sister Lynne Perrie playing the lead character’s mother. In 2015-2016, he played Dog Man in BBC One’s Still Open All Hours.  