Tony Bellew’s former coach Dave Coldwell has revealed Oleksandr Usyk’s main weakness that ‘nobody talks about’. The renowned trainer believes that the Ukrainian is vulnerable to the body and has urged Anthony Joshua to target it more in the rematch on August 20. Usyk has been hurt by body shots during his amateur career before. In 2011, he was dropped by a hook to the liver from now WBC, IBF, and WBO light-heavyweight champion Artur Beterbiev. Then two years later in a World Series of Boxing bout, a straight right to the solar plex from three-time amateur gold-medallist Magomedrasul Majidov sent Usyk to the canvas again. In an interview with talkSPORT, Coldwell – who cornered Bellew against Usyk in 2018 – detailed the strengths and weaknesses of the former undisputed cruiserweight champion. He said: “I spent hours and hours watching him. The majority of his career, everyone’s come at him – that’s what he’s used to; he’s comfortable with that and that’s what his style’s built for. If Bellew went at him, we’d walk into traps. It’s different to AJ, because he’s got the height, the reach, the physicality; the one-punch danger. “I came across the Michael Hunter fight. It was the first [Usyk] fight I thought, ‘He can be outboxed’ because the first few rounds Hunter was in a negative style that gave him a lot of difficulty. It can’t just be negative, because mentally Usyk will tire you out, so you’ve still got to put a thumbprint on him as well. So, I almost wanted to mirror what Usyk does to his opponents. “Bellew’s very, very disciplined, so I knew he was capable, and I also wanted him to land body shots, because I came across something in the amateurs, which nobody talks about – Usyk went down with a body shot. When I saw that I thought, ‘There’s the chink’. But he’s very good with his defence, so if you just try and bludgeon him he knows how to cover. “Marco Huck; Mairis Briedis; these good fighters couldn’t get to grips with him. Bellew’s smart, and hits hard enough to drain you at the same time. The game plan was to set traps for Usyk, because he’s more comfortable going backwards. MORE BOXING NEWS... Anthony Joshua 'worry' raised ahead of Saudi showdown with Usyk Joshua warned he 'won't hear the final bell' as video of Usyk emerges Joshua using 'Poundland version' of Usyk in camp for Saudi rematch “With AJ it’s different, because of his physical attributes. If he catches you he’s going to at least knock you off-balance and wear you down – if he uses those physical attributes, which he didn’t really do in that first fight.” Joshua will be looking to become a three-time world heavyweight champion later this month as he battles Usyk for a second time at the King Abdullah Sport City in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Coming into the bout he is expected to adopt a more aggressive approach under new trainer Robert Garcia with bodywork believed to be among their target areas.