Stephen (played by Todd Boyce) desperately tried to get his mother Audrey (Sue Nicholls) to hand over her trust fund after she felt she wasn't capable of handling her own finances. After a rift in the family and nearly taking her own life, Coronation Street stalwart Audrey recently decided she wasn't going to give Stephen her money. A disappointed Stephen has since turned his attention to Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien), with her feeling like she can ask him for advice. However, ITV fans are worried about Sarah and Carla Connor (Alison King) as they fear Stephen will try and take Underworld from them. During Monday night's episode, Carla was struggling to get an urgent silk order into the factory, when Sarah turned to Stephen for help. Turning on the charm, he revealed to Sarah and Carla that he knew someone who could get the silk to them quickly at a discounted price. Carla was sceptical, shutting down the offer and annoying Sarah who was desperately trying to do more for the company. However, after turning on the charm, Carla backed down and decided that there was no harm in asking Stephen for help. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on Celebrating their success, Stephen and Sarah went to the Rovers for a drink, with him toasting: "To the dream team back together. So good to be back together again." Sarah agreed: "I much prefer you to my current boss. You’re right you know, Carla’s losing her touch. "I have so many ideas, none of which Carla will listen to. We need to expand the range and move away from the run-of-the-mill stuff that the machinists can churn out in their sleep. “We need more interesting patterns - straight off the catwalk. And it can be financially viable, I know it can.” Stephen flooded Sarah with compliments and encouraged her that she should take over Underworld from Carla, so she could flourish. When asked for help to prove herself to Carla, Stephen replied: "Sure anything you want - and if she doesn’t go for it, we’ll just stage a hostile takeover.” Stephen had already tried to convince Sarah to buy Carla out of the factory, whilst snatching up the 50 percent owned by the workers. Viewers of the ITV soap are worried that Sarah may be too trusting of Stephen and will soon influence Carla also. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family [INSIGHT]Rob Rinder blasted by GMB viewers for 'blaming' GP's during NHS crisis [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest makes history with valuation of funeral effigy [WATCH] Taking to their Twitter accounts, @lynxsimba2019 commented: "Slimeball send him back to Canada now." @MrsCarter22 added: "Can't stand Stephen Reid! Sneaky and devious I bet that this silk will be fake! Plus he'll have kept a huge chunk of that money." @OXOXOXO fumed: "Hmmm, Stephen is dodgy. Well and truly got his eyes on the factory. I like Sarah but she is just being used by him. "Whatever ideas she has, Carla is NOT losing her touch, she RULES Underworld, end of #Corrie." (sic) @Momrocks50 quipped: "Love Carla not trusting that Stephen who is desperate for money even at the expense of his own family #corrie" Arlene Woollard theorised: "So obviously Stephen's got his eye on Carla's business & will bring about his downfall with the help of Sarah #Corrie." Greg Phillips agreed: "I have a feeling Stephen’s literally going to stitch them up and disappear with the company’s money. #Corrie" Is Stephen setting his sights on Underworld? Will he hurt his own family members to get what he wants? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.