Ralf Schumacher could have matched brother Michael in winning the world F1 title were it not for two accidents which derailed his career, according to one leading figure in the sport. The younger Schumacher brother started 180 Grands Prix in his decade long career, representing Jordan, Williams, and Toyota. He won six times but never came close to matching the standards set by his more illustrious sibling. Schumacher senior won seven world titles, a record he currently shares with Mercedes man Lewis Hamilton. The closest Ralf came to a world title was in the 2001 and 2002 campaigns, where he finished fourth when still with Williams. On both occasions, it was Michael who finished atop the drivers' standings, amid a run which saw him crowned champion for five consecutive years at Ferrari. But AlphaTauri Team Principal Franz Tost has claimed things could have been far different had Ralf not suffered serious crashes in both 2003 and 2004. The first came during testing at Monza and the second at Indianapolis - leaving him with two minor fractures to his spinal column which caused him to miss six races. JUST IN: How Charles Leclerc can beat Max Verstappen to become new F1 world champion this year Tost, 66, spotted Schumacher's talent when he ran the WTS Formula Three team, later following him to Williams. And in an interview for Germany’s F1 Insider, he outlined why he felt his then young star failed to fulfil his potential: “Ralf was sensationally fast, incredibly talented," he said. “He learned very quickly and implemented everything very quickly. “His problem? He was never in the right place at the right time, otherwise he would have won titles like his brother. What ultimately cost him his speed were two extremely serious accidents. Once when testing in Monza and the crash at Indianapolis. You couldn’t just put that away.” DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton enjoys summer break in Rwanda and finds 'new best friend'Lewis Hamilton and George Russell face long-term back damage due to porpoising concernsMax Verstappen verdict given by Pierre Gasly after 'aggressive' F1 start - EXCLUSIVE The family name is currently being continued in F1 by Ralf's nephew Mick, who claims he sees the inevitable expectation as a positive. However, the 23-year-old is currently fighting for his position at Haas for 2023 despite his recent improved form. Consecutive top-10 finishes at Silverstone and then the Red Bull Ring in Austria ended a wait for his points in F1, following a difficult debut season in 2022. He's also currently listed as a reserve driver at Ferrari.