Cristiano Ronaldo has been told the “perfect place” to move to after the Champions League draw was made as the striker considers his Manchester United future in the final week of the transfer window. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner will have ambitions to play in the continent’s top club competition, but will have watched on as the Red Devils’ name was not called out in Thursday’s draw after finishing sixth last season. United find out their Europa League group on Friday, but Ronaldo has been told where he could be playing Champions League football this season. Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol believes that Sporting Lisbon could be the “perfect” destination for the Portugal forward. “He [Ronaldo] wants to score goals,” Nicol told ESPN. “Go play in a group that you can make the difference for Sporting to get out of the group. You have also got an opportunity to play against teams that you can score against. “So this whole thing about being the top scorer in the Champions League forever and a day, if that’s true and that’s what he’s all about right now, then Sporting is the perfect place. Particularly with that group.” Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal Should Ronaldo return to Sporting 19 years after he left the Portuguese side for United, he would make a swift return to England as Ruben Anorim’s side were drawn in the same group as Tottenham. The two sides, along with Eintracht Frankfurt and Marseille, make up Group D. United were forced to respond to claims that Sporting had agreed a deal for the fairytale return of Ronaldo, as it was claimed that the transfer was so advanced the Portuguese side had began preparing his presentation, and that the deal was 99 per cent done. Erik ten Hag’s side however have played down the reported move, despite the Dutchman making his feelings very clear towards the 37-year-old during a team meeting before the 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him During a two-hour dressing down, Ronaldo was the subject of some home truths according to The Sun, and that Ten Hag is “sick” of the forward’s antics. Earlier in the summer it was reported that Ronaldo had asked the United chiefs to consider any serious offers for him, but a move has not yet materialised. Marseille became the latest club to deny rumours linking them to Ronaldo on Thursday, as club president Pablo Longoria claimed that a potential deal is not “reality” for the French club. “It’s the social media world full of fake news,” Longoria said. “We want reality. Ronaldo deal is not for us. It’d be like saying that [Kevin] De Bruyne or [Erling] Haaland are Marseille targets… let’s focus on our real project.” Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt