Marcus Ahmad, 59, said he would recommend this money making tip to others as it’s been a great little money earner. Furthermore, it allows people to earn money from home without even having to step outside the front door. Half of British households have a spare room meaning millions of people could benefit from making an extra income by renting it out. This side hustle could help struggling Britons survive the cost of living crisis by generating an extra income to pay for soaring energy bills and food prices. People who list it on Airbnb could get a lot more bang for their buck as Bristol photographer Marcus Ahmad told Express.co.uk. He said: “This year I’ve been doing Airbnb - I have a spare room in my house and I thought, 'What can I do with it?'”  READ MORE: NatWest increases interest rate on its Digital Regular Saver to 3.75% He continued: “I did think originally I could maybe just get a lodger in but then I started doing the costings and I realised that through Airbnband a bit more effort - ie doing the place up and hosting people - I could actually make double the amount of money I would when renting it. “I’ve been doing it for a few months and it’s been very successful. There's such a demand for it. “The guests have been great. I've had no trouble." The self-employed photographer suggested that people who have a spare room look into it as they could earn double the money they would get from renting it out. DON'T MISSNationwide increases interest rates across savings accounts [ALERT]DWP confirms disability cost of living payment date [UPDATE]Building society launches new account with ‘attractive’ rate [ALERT]How much is inheritance tax and who needs to pay? [INSIGHT] Marcus explained: “It’s roughly about double what I’d get from renting so it’s about £1,100. "Of course £7,500 of that is non taxable - so that’s a big incentive as well. “I normally do it up to the threshold and then I stop doing it.” Not having an actual spare room doesn’t have to be a deal breaker either - money saving blogger Will Pointing slept on his sofa to make an extra £1,000 a month in order to get out of debt. He told Express.co.uk: “It was a great way to make extra money. I only stopped renting it out because I met my girlfriend.” READ MORE: How much can I earn and still claim Universal Credit? For those who don’t have this option, they could rent out their parking space or driveway through JustPark where they could earn around £100 a month. Thrifty dad, Al Baker, who runs The Penny Pincher blog said he’s tried it and it’s possible to make over £100 every month especially if people live in a city or near a tourist attraction. Ways to make money through the ‘hire economy’ Do you have a money saving or money making tip to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from you. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 