Memphis Depay could be available on a free transfer this summer as Barcelona work to balance their books through player sales and contract controversy - and Tottenham Hotspur have been linked. However, Antonio Conte isn't expected to get involved after heavily bolstering his attacking ranks this year. Tottenham signed Dejan Kulusevski from Juventus on an 18-month loan in January and will trigger the £25million option to buy in his contract. And Conte added Everton's Richarlison to his options earlier this summer, recruiting him for a club-record £60m. Along with Son Heung-min and Harry Kane, they form one of the Premier League's most dangerous attacks. For that reason, Conte is content with his firepower and is unlikely to take advantage of Memphis' sudden availability, despite his impressive pedigree in Europe and domestically since leaving Manchester United in 2017. According to Fabrizio Romano, Spurs aren't interested in the 28-year-old forward, and he is instead a top summer target for Juventus. Barcelona are willing to terminate Memphis' contract, but the Dutchman will refuse to leave unless he has an agreement with another European heavyweight. The Serie A giants look to have answered his cries as Massimiliano Allegri looks to replace Alvaro Morata in Turin and are negotiating a two-year deal. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer chief John Murtough given problem by Adrien Rabiot  Tottenham's hectic summer of transfer business could be almost complete with three weeks of the window remaining, with Destiny Udogie potentially Conte's seventh and final recruit. Udogie is set to complete his £17m move next week. He will fly to London for a medical on Monday, sign his contract on Tuesday, and then return to Udinese on loan for the 2022/23 season. Conte has also welcomed Fraser Forster, Djed Spence, Clement Lenglet, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma as he vies to revolutionise the Spurs team he inherited last term. Any attacking signing, Memphis or not, would come as a surprise given the exciting wealth of talent now at his disposal. READ MORE: Chelsea have Frenkie de Jong transfer belief  Tottenham's summer recruitment has propelled them into the early-season title picture among fans and the media alike. They kicked off their campaign in emphatic fashion, thumping Southampton 4-1 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium to finish the opening weekend top. Where Conte goes, silverware usually follows, and there is growing confidence the Italian boss can be the one to end Spurs' torrid trophy drought that even Jose Mourinho couldn't break. His side will bid to continue their early momentum by earning a statement victory at Chelsea on Sunday.