The Duchess of Sussex turned 41 on Thursday and to mark the special occasion, her close friend Tyler Perry posted a touching birthday message on Instagram. The 52-year-old actor shared the post one day after the Duchess' birthday. In the caption, he expressed how she had "endured" things that would have "broken a lot of people". He also acknowledged how "incredibly proud" he is to see how happy she, Prince Harry and their two children are now. He ended the caption by writing: "It fills me with joy to say Happy Birthday Princess Meghan."  The photo he posted also featured Meghan on her 2019 South African tour, where she was pictured kissing a young girl's hand. But on Twitter, fans were quick to claim that she wasn't actually kissing the girl's hand. Some trolls even took the opportunity to throw insults at the Duchess. One wrote: "Did you not notice she’s kissing her own hand instead of the child? Everything about this woman is fake." READ MORE: Prince William's low-key visits brought to light Another accused her of not "liking children". Another exclaimed that they were "disappointed" in the American actor for his loyalty to Meghan. Despite the few negative comments, many of Perry's followers praised him for his friendship with the royal. One person commented: "Megan is a testament to having good values x."  Another wrote: "Duchess Meghan is a true embodiment of inspiration, strength, virtue, grace and elegance. Am so pleased that she has so many people who has her back. Happy birthday Princess Meghan." A third said: "You are a blessing...May you be blessed for always standing for what is right. Happiest birthday to Meghan. She is a very strong woman…She is loved by many.” Tyler Perry's friendship with Meghan first made headlines in 2020 when the Sussexes temporarily stayed at his Hollywood house after moving from Canada to the US. During the couple's bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, Meghan said of Perry: "We needed a house and he offered his security as well, so it gave us breathing room to try to figure out what we were going to do." 