Leicester City's transfer promise to Wesley Fofana could thwart Chelsea's attempts to secure his services this summer. The Blues are pushing to sign Fofana in the final month of the transfer window, but Leicester are digging their heels into the ground in negotiations. Thomas Tuchel is eyeing two more players to bolster his centre-back options after luring Kalidou Koulibaly to Stamford Bridge from Napoli. And Fofana is firmly in his sights after their unsuccessful pursuits of Matthijs de Ligt and Jules Kounde earlier this summer. The 21-year-old is understood to be open to a move, and some fans have suggested he could push for an exit based on his recent social media activity. On Tuesday, he removed Leicester from his Twitter bio, liked a series of Chelsea-related tweets and posted an ominous story on his Instagram. But reports suggest he may have to wait until next year for his big-money switch following an agreement with Leicester when he signed his contract extension in March. According to CBS Sports, the Foxes told him they would listen to 'fair' offers in 2023 and would prefer to sell then rather than this summer. JUST IN: Ronaldo 'has second Saudi offer' as Man Utd ace given food for thought However, Chelsea aren't giving up on the Frenchman and are hoping his openness to a move could prompt Leicester to lower their asking price slightly. There is currently a £20million gap between what they are willing to offer and the King Power Stadium outfit's valuation, with Paris Saint-Germain also outside suitors. The report adds that Chelsea looked into Fofana in January and last summer in anticipation of an approach down the line. They believed £45m, including add-ons, would've been acceptable before he put pen to paper on a new deal, which improved Leicester's position at the negotiating table. Chelsea are willing to up their offer, and talks will continue this week. READ MORE: Leicester star set for 'medical tomorrow' as transfer deal gets close Meanwhile, the Blues are closing in on their third summer signing and one of the two players Tuchel is looking at for defensive reinforcements. They seem to have successfully hijacked Manchester City's move for Brighton & Hove Albion's Marc Cucurella, who has agreed personal terms ahead of a £50m switch. The Spaniard can play as a left-centre-back in a back three, as well as a left-wing-back, and will soothe the need to bolster at the back. But Fofana is well and truly still in Chelsea's sights, and more developments in their bid to sign him are expected in the coming days.