Veteran broadcaster David Dimbleby lashed out at former BBC Newsnight presenter Emily Maitlis for delivering her keynote BBC speech in Edinburgh and making the comments she made back in 2020 when Dominic Cummings, Boris Johnson’s top aide at the time, broke coronavirus rules and drove from London to Durham. David Dimbleby branded the monologue a "polemic". He also dismissed the suggestion there is a "cabal" of Tory supporters on the board of the BBC. In a keynote lecture at the Edinburgh TV festival, the ex-BBC star Emily Maitlis hit out at her former employer, claiming its board had been “infiltrated” by a Tory party agent and former Downing Street spin doctor. During the speech, Ms Maitlis claimed the unnamed Tory agent is now an “arbiter of BBC impartiality” and “Tory cronyism at the heart of BBC”, raising fears the BBC may no longer be able to stick with its stick news protocol. Speaking at the Edinburgh Television Festival, she said: “Why had the BBC immediately and publicly sought to confirm the government spokesman's opinion, without any kind of due process? “It makes no sense for an organisation that is, admirably, famously rigorous about procedure - unless it was perhaps sending a message of reassurance directly to the government itself? "Put this in the context of the BBC board, where another active agent of the Conservative party - former Downing Street spin doctor and former adviser to BBC rival GB News - now sits, acting as the arbiter of BBC impartiality". Back in May 2020, the BBC admitted Ms Mailtis did not meet its standards of due impartiality after the then-Newsnight presenter opened the show with a rant against Mr Cummings. Ms Maitlis started the show by declaring that Mr Cummings had "broken the rules”. Referring to Mr Cummings, she added: "The country can see that and it's shocked the government cannot". READ MORE: Biden's Brexit meddling as US tried to convince UK to back down to EU She said: "He was the man, remember, who always got the public mood, who tagged the lazy label of the elite on those who disagreed. He should understand that public mood now - one of fury, contempt and anguish." Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today, Mr Dimbleby said: "First of all, the words she spoke had she said been approved by the editorial team at Newsnight so it wasn't just Emily that was rebuked by the BBC. It was the team. The second thing I would say is that the things she said I think should have been questions not statements. "'The country can see that Cummings broke the rule, it is shocked the Government cannot'. Well, not everybody may have been shocked. 'The public mood is one of fury, contempt and anguish'. Well, maybe but that is a question to put. It was a polemic. I think that was the mistake." A BBC spokesperson previously said: "The BBC places the highest value on due impartiality and accuracy and we apply these principles to our reporting on all issues. DON'T MISS: ‘Stop peddling falsehoods’ Sturgeon ally triggers backlash [WATCH]'Unacceptable' Eurostar fury over £100m French stitch-up [LISTEN]Brexit: Truss handed blueprint to solve illegal migration  [INSIGHT] "As we have made clear previously in relation to Newsnight, we did not take action as a result of any pressure from Number 10 or Government and to suggest otherwise is wrong. "The BBC found the programme breached its editorial standards and that decision still stands." Charlotte Moore, BBC's chief content officer, also addressed the issue, saying: "It's important to put on the record that no way was there any influence from the Government or from the board. "We follow due editorial process and if editorial standards are breached, then it's very important to be able to call that out. But that's part of upholding an impartial news service". READ NEXT: Campbell FUMES over possible return of LORD FROST and RedwoodBrexit: Truss poised to press trigger in first action as PMPutin forces rocked as another Ka-52 chopper destroyedBritain to send ‘microdrones’ to UkrainePutin facing new threat as tyrant concedes 'deteriorating' situation