Williams look set to join the party in what has already been a busy F1 summer break with the team teasing an announcement later today. The mid-season break has already seen Sebastian Vettel announce his impending retirement from F1 along with Fernando Alonso coming in as his shock replacement at Aston Martin.  But just 24 hours ago saw sensational development regarding Oscar Piastri, who has been strongly tipped for a seat at Alpine from next year. The team put out a statement saying that Piastri would be taking a seat alongside Esteban Ocon from next season. However, in a shock twist, Piastri took to social media to deny any agreement was in place and that he "will not be driving for Alpine next year". The chaotic start to the summer break looks set to continue this afternoon now too with Williams making an announcement. The F1 team took to Twitter with a short post informing fans of potentially big news coming soon. It read: "Announcement @ 15:00 BST." Both Williams drivers are out of contract at the end of the year with Nicholas Latifi under pressure after a poor start to the year. Alex Albon is expected to retain his seat at Williams unless another opportunity arises elsewhere. The British Thai driver is still being closely monitored by Red Bull chief Christian Horner. There could be an opportunity for Albon to return to one of Red Bull's teams next year with Yuki Tsunoda currently out of contract at AlphaTauri for 2023.  For Williams, they've been strongly linked with bringing in Nyck de Vries, who drove in FP1 for them at the Spanish Grand Prix. Williams' Dave Robson was full of praise for the Mercedes reserve driver following his stint with the team a few months ago. “His pace was there. His ability to understand the tyre and do the out-lap correctly, was really impressive,” said Robson. “And then after that, his feedback post-session was extremely good. He had some very useful comments on the balance of the car, which agrees quite well with what we've heard from the two race drivers. “So, I think in that regard, considering he only gets an hour in the car, I think he did a really good job, and he clearly has what he needs to be to be an absolute top quality competition driver. Yeah, he's worthy of a place on the grid, I think, but so many people are. I think he took his opportunity well, yesterday and I think he should be you should be pleased and proud of what he did.”