Dozens of firefighters from nine fire engines are battling flames at the historic former convent on Corbelly Hill near Maxwell Street. The fire broke out shortly before 2.30am this morning. There are no reported casualties. Nearby roads have been sealed off as emergency services attempt to extinguish the fire. The building, which dates back to 1884 and was the setting for the 2002 film The Magdalene Sisters, has been abandoned for some time and had previously been a target for vandals. The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service are in attendance, and are being assited by Police Scotland. Several people have taken to social media to share pictures of the horrific fire and express their shock at what is unfolding. Twitter user "Derek Hextall" posted a picture of the convent engulfed in huge flames as thick smoke quickly rose into the night sky. He wrote alongside this: "Devastating news this morning of a significant fire at Dumfries Convent - always impressed by its vantage point over the town.  "Hoping all neighbours in the area are safe and all agencies in attendance." Twitter user "magoo" (@hoopandaprayer) also posted a picture of huge flames shooting up into the sky. He wrote: "Convent in Dumfries on fire now. "Really sad such a feature overlooking the town." READ MORE: Met Office gives verdict on thunderstorms ending BOILING 36C heatwave "Lord Nicholas :P Logan" (@nicpetelogan) also retweeted a picture of the devastating fire, commenting: "Omg! Dumfries Convent." Sergeant Adam Potts, the police incident officer at the scene, told BBC Radio Scotland: "Emergency services attended this morning around about 2.30am. "There has been extensive damage caused to the building. "At this moment in time the fire is still burning within the building and firefighters are still tackling that."  He added Maxwell Street and Hill Street have been forced to close, and that emergency services are likely to remain in the area throughout the day. A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: "We were alerted at 2.25am on Tuesday, August 9 to reports of a fire affecting a derelict building on Maxwell Street, Dumfries. "Operations control has mobilised nine appliances and a number of other resources where crews remain in attendance as they work to extinguish the fire. "There are no reported casualties." 