The van was forced on to the pavement, hitting Rachael Thorold as she pushed five-month-old Louis. She was thrown into the air and suffered serious injuries. Jurors at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday cleared Mrs Robertson of causing Louis's death by careless driving in January 2021. Judge Mark Bishop said that to return a verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity they must be satisfied, on the balance of probabilities, she had dementia at the time and did not know what she was doing or did not know it was wrong. Mrs Robertson, who lives in Waterbeach, appeared expressionless as the verdict was announced. Louis's father Chris, in the gallery with his wife, shook his head. Outside court, the couple pledged to keep their baby's memory alive through a road safety foundation. Mr Thorold said: "Louis Thorold was the sweetest, happiest, joyful and most beautiful baby." "He was perfectly ours. He was our lives, he still is. We love, adore, and cherish him. Every moment we had with Louis was so special. We loved every single second. Louis knew only love and cuddles before he was killed by Shelagh Robertson." "Louis's future and all his potential stolen...a life sentence for us, his family, our community and everyone who hears this story." He said that their son would live on through a road safety foundation set up in his name: "We must now look forward. Louis would not want us to be sad or to give up." "Louis will live on. His legacy will be that one day no one will have to deal with the death of a child on Britain's roads." "The Louis Thorold Foundation has already achieved so much, but this is just the start. Our message is simple - no child should die on Britain's roads." "The technology systems and approaches exist to eliminate all road deaths. But they require leadership and courage from those we elect to make a difference." James Leonard, defending, had told the jury that it was "obvious" Mrs Robertson's driving "fell below the standard of a reasonable and competent driver". She was "illequipped" to negotiate the junction due to her dementia. But she was unaware of this as the condition had not been diagnosed. Mr Leonard added: "She's trying to be safe but she just doesn't have the presence of mind to be safe." Adam Zeman, professor of cognitive behavioural neurology at the University of Exeter, had been instructed by the defence team to compile a report on Mrs Robertson. He told the jury that her dementia was probably caused by Alzheimer's disease. Prof Zeman said Mrs Robertson would have been at "high risk of becoming confused at that junction and one possible outcome of the confusion would be to look the wrong way". He added that Mrs Robertson had "few close relatives" and her husband was "severely unwell", which was significant as "it's often the spouses who bring you along" for a dementia diagnosis.