The Duchess of Cambridge looked chic yesterday as she stepped out in a pair of white linen shorts and a nautical striped shirt to take part in a sailing race in Plymouth. Kate was appropriately dressed for the day, and she changed into a wetsuit just before the event, before changing again to a different pair of shorts: a tiny navy blue number. According to a body language expert, Kate looks most relaxed whenever she steps out for a sporting occasion. Judi James said: “Kate might have the knack of looking super-elegant and stylish for formal occasions but the body language in these photos proves once again that she is at her most relaxed, confident and authentically joyous when she is called to get stuck in at a sporting task or event.” The Duchess looked extremely happy when she arrived in Plymouth, waving at the crowds and smiling her iconic grin. Judi continued: “She looks genuinely exhilarated here and has opted for no compromises when it comes to getting kitted out and looking ready to take part. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s aquamarine necklace has hidden meaning “We’ve always seen her competitive side emerging when she’s been pitted against William, but working alone here she looks even more animated and excited to be communicating alone to the team members and fans, including one small girl. “Kate’s tie-signs with the fans seem to multiply, meaning instead of the royal wave and pitch-perfect royal smile, we can see the kind of hail wave that you would use to greet a friend. “Her smile is excited, with some wrinkling at the top of the nose and dimples on the cheeks, as well as a subtly lifting of the upper lip to create further intensity.” Judi claimed that “this is a smile that seems to come from deep within, letting us know she is really enjoying herself”. DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] “She jokes with a team member and seems to be showing her more extrovert side for a change,” the body language expert said. Kate also speaks to the children in the crowd near where the sailing race took place. Judi said that “Kate’s chat with the small girl makes it look as though it is her treat rather than the girl’s, as she bends to listen with another beaming smile on her face”. “Her tongue is just visible behind her teeth and her cheeks are raised and rounded to show congruent happiness.” Focusing on Kate’s clothes, Judi said: “Wearing shorts and sporting gear and appearing alone might possibly have brought out Kate’s shyer side, but in fact it does the opposite. “She looks totally within her comfort zone here and the reason might be that this is a piece of the royal market that she has made totally her own, and can therefore excel in without any fear of competition or comparisons. “No other royal woman would be seen like this, looking athletic and stunning in shorts and other sporting kit. “It’s Kate’s own royal super-power, and she clearly enjoys using it.” Kate donned linen shorts from luxury fashion brand Holland Cooper yesterday. She combined them with a striped jumper and white Superga trainers. The Duchess let her hair down in loose curls and her make-up look was subtle. To complete her look, she donned a pair of small gold hoop earrings and her sapphire blue engagement ring.