Four crews rushed to the property - thought to be a factory - in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, in the early hours and have used an aerial ladder platform to help fan the flames. Nearby residents are being advised to keep all doors and windows closed to avoid smoke inhalation and people are also being asked to stay away from the area. A report of the fire was first posted on Humberside Fire and Rescue's official Twitter account at 2.04am during the early hours of this morning. The tweet read: "CONTROL - We have four engines from Scunthorpe, Brigg, Kirton & Epworth and our aerial ladder platform from West Hull attending a building fire on Winterton Rd, Scunthorpe. Please avoid the area if possible. #RedWatch." A second post followed, stating: "CONTROL - We still have 4 engines at the building fire on Winterton Rd, Scunthorpe. Properties in the area are advised to keep doors and windows closed. #RedWatch." It is unclear how the blazer started, Grimsby Live reports.  It comes as residents and holidaymakers were asked to leave a heath in Dorset on August 12. Smoke billowed into the sky following a large fire involving undergrowth and gorse. The fore broke out in Studland Heath at around 1pm. Fire service crews from Springbourne, Poole, Westbourne and Swanage were in attendance. Firefighters asked people "to leave the heath for their own safety, and to avoid Ferry Road" while the Sandbanks Ferry, which crosses the entrance of Poole Harbour, were suspended.  At the time, a spokeswoman for Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service said: "We were called to Studland Heath at 1.12pm for a large fire involving undergrowth and gorse. "We have crews from Springbourne, Poole, Westbourne and Swanage in attendance, with other resources on the way. "We are asking people to leave the heath for their own safety, and to avoid Ferry Road." Smoke could be seen for miles in the area, with the smoke seen from Studland Beach, Sandbanks, Broadstone and Southbourne in Bournemouth. One person in the Studland area said they had to "drive through thick smoke while holding their breath to get to the ferry".