Joshua Carney, 28, broke into the victims' Cardiff home and carried out the random attack at approximately 6.45am earlier this year. The mother was up while her daughter was asleep upstairs. Carney has been described as a career burglar and was released from prison just five days before the attack after serving an eight year sentence for breaking into six homes around Cardiff. At Carney's sentencing hearing today, Monday August 22, Cardiff Crown Court heard the mother had gone to her front door when she heard Carney try the handle and then the letterbox. She stepped outside to see the defendant, barefoot and dishevelled, hiding around the side of her house. The victim attempted to back away towards her doorway, but Carney asked her to call him a taxi. He then forced his way into the victim's home, repeatedly punching her in the face before raping her in the living room. Prosecutor Ieuan Bennett said: "The defendant told the victim 'stop f** screaming or I am going to stab you'. "She at that point didn't know if the defendant was armed or not and became very concerned she and her daughter were going to end up seriously injured, if not killed, by the defendant."   Her daughter was able to call the police when she heard her mother being attacked. She told the call handler that she believed her mother had been stabbed. Carney then attempted to break into the young girl's room before her mother told her to open the door fearing that they could both be murdered if they did not do what Carney asked. He snatched the younger victim's phone and realised she must have called the police. He then raped both victims and violently sexually assaulted the girl. Carney then attempted to leave the property where he was confronted by police units outside of the front door. The mother, fearing a hostage situation, offered to show him out the back door and to unlock the back gate.  READ MORE: House of the Dragon: Bad news for NOW but Sky fans enjoy surprise win  She told police the horror of having to walk through the kitchen where knives were visible. Carney was confronted by two officers as he left the back gate and was immediately arrested. He was taken to hospital, claiming he was high on spice and telling police he had no recollection of the incident. Carney initially denied wrongdoing and refused to answer questions. He later pleaded guilty to six counts of rape, one count of attempted rape and two counts of assault by penetration. He further admitted to two counts of causing actual bodily harm, committing an offence with intent to commit a sexual offence, namely theft of the daughter's mobile phone. In statements read to the court, both victims said they had suffered from nightmares and lack of sleep since the attack and had been forced to leave their home and neighbourhood.  DON'T MISS:International embarrassment!' Sturgeon savaged over bin worker strike [REPORT]Brexit trade deal BOOM: UK facing £18bn boost - 'bills to go down' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry could feel force of 'Queen's wrath' by ignoring rules [ANALYSIS]  The younger victim said she can no longer be at home alone and is terrified by the company of men. She no longer participates in former activities and her school work is suffering. Both victims said they feel guilt for not being able to prevent the attack on the other. Jailing him for life with a minimum term of 10 years, Tracey Lloyd-Clarke, the Recorder of Cardiff, said: "Your overall offending lasted for about 15 minutes but it was repeated and sustained violence and threats of violence, the daughter was particularly vulnerable because of her youth." She continued: "[The attack] was deliberately sadistic and no doubt done to satisfy your perverted sexual desires and your abusive sexual remarks are indicative of your attitude - one of the rapes was punishment for phoning the police." Judge Lloyd-Clarke acknowledged Carney was under the influence of drugs, however remarked that actions such as locking the front door and taking the daughter's phone showed "you were very much in control of what you were doing and your actions were thought through". She added: "Your offending on that day was horrific, it was the stuff of nightmares." 