Parking disputes are familiar to millions and in one Colwyn Bay street the fuse was lit by a letter left on a car. The hand-written letter informed the driver the street is a “residential road and not a car park” and asked the driver to park elsewhere. The driver’s “highly disappointed” mother took to Facebook to vent her anger over the letter. She said her son has been parking in Colwyn Bay, Conwy, to work twice a week for the past four months, and was not causing any problems. The mum added: “I would suggest that the person who wrote this note contacts the local council if they have a problem with the parking outside the property - instead of taking their frustration out on a young lad who just wants to work for a living and not cause mischief around the town like others his age.” Colwyn Bay, like many coastal towns, can suffer from inconsiderate parking during the tourism season. READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin However, the driver in question parked up in Hillside Road, which lies outside the Colwyn Bay town centre conservation area. It has no parking restrictions, though in the past some houses have had spots allocated for disabled parking, NorthWalesLive reported. His predicament received scores of messages of support. One person said: “No one has a right to tell anyone where they can and cannot park, as long as the car is insured taxed and has an MOT. DON'T MISS Relief for UK drivers as petrol prices drop below 175p a litre [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fines for wearing flip flops in heatwave [WARNING] Major warning for drivers using air conditioning to reduce fuel use [REVEAL] “If he’s not actually blocking the driveway then what’s the problem?” Another motorist noted it wasn’t an isolated example. “I’ve had more letters than parking tickets in the Bay, it’s funny,” he said. Other people labelled the letter-writer as “petty”, “childish” and “ignorant”. One person added: “Don’t you just hate these people who write anonymous letters?” Similar issues have been flagged up in Llandudno, Penmaenmawr and Deeside in recent days. READ MORE: Woman savages 'pathetic' neighbours over car parking tactics A car left for two days on a grass verge in Kelsterston Road, Connahs Quay, has been causing access issues for residents and emergency services. However, the Hillside Road driver only parks in areas where he isn’t blocking residents from exiting or entering their properties, his mum said. She’s worried her son is being constantly observed. The mum added: “It is disturbing that whoever has put this note on his car is watching him and his whereabouts.” According to local motorists, one road in Llandudno became notorious for its protective residents. Besides cones, motorists were prevented from parking outside properties on Caroline Road by all manner of objects. “Things got a bit manic on Caroline Road, didn’t they?” said one driver. “Bins, cones, chairs even a wheelbarrow outside one house.” According to the RAC, it is “perfectly legal” to park outside someone’s house, unless the vehicle is blocking a driveway or a wheel is over a dropped kerb. Its website adds: “Where no parking controls exist, drivers do not have an “automatic spot” for parking outside their homes.” If, however, a car is parked on a public highway and is blocking access from driveways, councils have the power to act. “ But if that car is on a drive, it’s technically on private property – and the council has no authority to remove it,” added the RAC.