Lewis Hamilton, 37, has recalled “struggling like hell” as a schoolboy, being bullied by both his classmates and his teachers as one of the only few Black children at his school. The Formula 1 sat says it fuelled his passion to prove everyone wrong. Lewis was born in Hertfordshire, and spent his earlier years living with his mother when his parents split up, but moved in with his father at age 12. He is dyslexic, and had a terrible time at school. The professional racing driver remembers “being put in the lowest classes and never given a chance to progress or even helped to progress”. “Teachers were telling me, ‘You’re never going to be nothing,’” he told Vanity Fair. “I remember being behind the shed, in tears, like, ‘I’m not going to be anything’, And believing it for a split second.” Lewis explained it was “the most demotivating thing to hear” particularly when he was well aware his white counterparts were being encouraged. But the star insists he holds no grudges because he was “fuelled up” by being underestimated. Lewis landed in an impressive second place during the Hungarian Grand Prix last month. And earlier this month, he took to Instagram to share his sadness as the season drew to a close, admitting he would "miss this energy". Lewis took to Instagram in view of 29.3 million fans to thank them for their support during his races. He penned: "That’s P2 and back to back double podiums for @mercedesamgf1!! "Proud of all the hard work we’ve put in as a team to get us to where we are today. "Heading into summer break much stronger than we were at the start of the season. We are moving FORWARD and that win is getting CLOSER! "Thank you to all the fans, hope you enjoyed that one." Lewis previously dated Pussycat Dolls star Nicole Scherzinger, but the pair split in February 2015 after an on-off romance for seven years. In 2019, he confessed it was difficult to hold down a long term relationship while working as a racing driver. "It's similar to most sportsmen and women,” he said. “It may be slightly different in that we are travelling as much as we are, and you are just away for crazy amounts of time. "So that's probably an additional weight that makes it really, really tough to hold down a good relationship, and if things aren't quite perfect…” he added. "There are many athletes who have happy lives in the background. "But I for one also find that incredibly difficult, with your goal to be as competitive as you can be."