Sleep expert Tom Hughes, from Coast Road Furniture, spoke with Express.co.uk about a trick used by the ancient Egyptians. He said: “When it's a warm, humid night, it can feel almost impossible to drift off to sleep. And if you're tossing and turning all night, you'll find yourself feeling tired and unfocused in the morning. “Here in the UK, our homes just aren't built for the warm weather — they're made to retain heat instead. “Unless you're lucky enough to have built-in air conditioning, the summer nights can feel endless. “Why not think outside the box a little? The Egyptian method or a pair of frozen socks are bound to give you some relief from the warmth.” To stay cool at night ancient Egyptians used to soak their blankets in water before going to bed.  READ MORE: Blood clots: The popular drink linked to a higher risk of clotting 'in the small arteries' This could be “uncomfortable” so there are ways to adapt this. Tom explained how to try it at home with the following steps. All you need to do is soak a towel or a blanket in cold water, and wring it out as much as possible (or run a short spin cycle in the washing machine if you’d rather). Once the material is damp but not sopping wet, place a dry towel on the bed, and lie on top of this, placing the damp material over you.   "Although the Egyptian trick is guaranteed to cool you down, some people tend to find it uncomfortable," he said. A "great" way to modify the method to make it less extreme is to put a pair of socks in a resealable plastic bag, add a little water, and freeze so you can wear them to bed. Make sure to sleep with a towel underneath your feet to protect the mattress from getting damp. Alternatively, you could fill a hot water bottle with cold water and stick it in the freezer during the day.  READ MORE: Gum disease could be a sign of 'poor blood sugar levels for a long period of time' At night, take it out and lay it next to you in bed to cool yourself down. Again, remember to stick a towel underneath to keep your bedding nice and dry. He also recommended “taking the time to perfect your sleep environment”. “Be prepared for the next heatwave by keeping the bedroom curtains and blinds closed throughout the day to prevent the sun from heating up the room,” he said. “Once the outside temperature starts to fall, open the windows to let the cool air in and allow it to circulate.  “If the outside temperature doesn’t drop in the evening, don’t worry: a fan and a bowl of ice are a quick and easy alternative. “Simply stick the bowl of ice in front of the fan while it’s running to spread cold air around the room.” 