The worst is yet to come in the cost-of-living crisis. According to energy experts Cornwall Insight, the price cap could increase by as much as 81 percent in October, going from £1,971 to £3,582. Entering your current monthly energy bill into the tool below will provide an indication of what it will become.   The cost-of-living crisis that has stressed household budgets for months continues to deepen. Nothing has been contributing to record rates of inflation quite like the rising cost of electricity and gas. In the UK, state regulator Ofgem currently imposes a maximum suppliers are allowed to charge in the form of a price cap. As wholesale prices shift, the price cap is reviewed so that private suppliers can continue to operate in the market.   Ofgem is next set to review the cap in October, when despite the official amount of the rise not being disclosed until August 26, analysts suggest it could soar by an unprecedented 81 percent. Last raised in April, the current price cap is £1,971, but energy experts Cornwall Insight predict this to go up to £3,582 on October 1. This would be almost triple the cap in place at the start of the year. Cornwall Insight then expects the price cap to rise again by another 19 percent to hit £4,266 in January 2023. READ MORE: Outrage over 'silly prices' at Sainsbury's   The price cap isn’t actually a total ceiling on your energy bills, but rather limits the rates a supplier can charge for each unit of electricity and gas used. The household bill will depend on the type of property, its location, heating system, energy efficiency, the number of people living there, and personal usage habits. By preventing sharp wholesale energy price increases being instantly passed on to consumers and capping the profits energy suppliers can make to 1.9 percent, the Government claims the scheme protects 22 million households on standard variable or default rate tariffs. The price cap also sets a maximum for the daily standing charge – the cost of having a home connected to the grid.   To help you understand how much your monthly energy bill could change by, Express.co.uk has created this interactive calculator. To see an estimate of how much more you could end up paying, simply enter how much you currently spend each month on energy into the tool below:   For example, going by Cornwall Insight’s predictions – someone paying £100 could see their bill rise by 81.73 percent to roughly £181.73 per month from October onwards. Taking into account the further 19.09 percent predicted rise in January, this could go up to £216.42 next year. This remains a rough guide, as Ofgem is yet to announce the exact price cap rise. Typical energy consumption also changes with the season, and if a household has built up a lot of credit during the summer months direct debits could be lower.  DON'T MISS:Hosepipe ban mapped: Every rule you MUST follow from today - areas [MAP]Salman Rushdie unable to speak and likely to lose an eye after attack [BREAKING]Brexit Britain set for huge win as 17 new factories [REPORT]Poll: Which city should host Eurovision 2023? [POLL]   Last week, Ofgem confirmed that going forward the energy price cap will be updated every three instead of six months to allow the savings of wholesale price falls to be passed on to consumers more quickly. Ofgem CEO Jonathan Brearley, said: "The trade-offs we need to make on behalf of consumers are extremely difficult and there are simply no easy answers right now. "Today’s changes ensure the price cap does its job, making sure customers are only paying the real cost of their energy, but also that it can adapt to the current volatile market. "We will keep working closely with the Government, consumer groups and with energy companies on what further support can be provided to help with these higher prices."   Many energy providers offer tailored support options for those who are struggling, such as payment plans, charitable hardship funds and grants. For example, the British Gas Energy Trust can be accessed by anyone – not just its own customers – providing the eligibility criteria are met. People over the state pension age may be eligible for the Winter Fuel Payment scheme, worth between £100 and £300 this winter. The Government is also giving all people in receipt of this benefit an extra £300 this winter as a one-off cost of living payment. The Warm Home Discount scheme, a one-off payment of £150 distributed by energy suppliers, will also open again this winter for vulnerable households. 