Ms Truss today answered questions from voters in the Greater Manchester town in the hope of securing their votes. All Conservative Party members should now have received their postal ballots. They have until September 2 to put a cross behind either the current Foreign Secretary or former Chancellor Rishi Sunak. During the question-and-answer session, a voter expressed his frustration at the failure of the Government – of which both leadership candidates have been significant members – to fulfil a long-touted Brexit promise. Trevor Bell asked Ms Truss: “How can any government in the current situation justify keeping VAT on gas and electric? “It was a Brexit promise that we would be free to get rid of that tax. “It should go now.” Back in 2016, before Britons voted for the UK to leave the EU, current Prime Minister Boris Johnson touted the axing of VAT on certain goods as a post-Brexit guarantee. He said: “As long as we are in the EU, we are not allowed to cut this tax. "When we Vote Leave, we will be able to scrap this unfair and damaging tax. READ MORE: Water firms ‘sold off reservoirs that could have eased drought’ "It isn't right that unelected bureaucrats in Brussels impose taxes on the poorest and elected British politicians can do nothing. "We'll also take back control of the VAT on fuel charged to motorists". Despite the pledge, Ms Truss refused to ensure to the voters present that certain taxes would be scrapped. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Instead, she said: “I can’t make any specific promises to you.” The leadership hopeful added: “Believe me, I am not a fan of taxes in general, and I have already committed that I will reverse the national insurance rise; I have already committed to the temporary moratorium on the green energy levy. “But of course, I have said that there will be a budget coming up on an urgent basis to deal with the issues we face and all of these issues need to be under consideration. “We currently have a 70-year tax-high in this country, and I don’t think that is working for people.” Ms Truss stressed that she “can’t write” the budget for a chancellor who has not yet been appointed to a government of which she is not yet (and may not be) the leader. The Foreign Secretary did, however, promise to “get all the EU laws off the statute books by 2023”. This, she said, would be replaced “with much better laws here in Britain”.