During a classic episode of Jane McDonald: Cruising Scotland, the Channel 5 presenter travelled on a small boat around the Inner Hebrides. The cruise ship singer also got in touch with her Scottish roots as she told viewers the trip was a "special journey" for her. However, throughout the programme, the 59-year-old reflected on her childhood and days out with her father. Jane travelled to Tobermory to take part in Cèilidh, a traditional form of Scottish dancing. As she was span around on the dancefloor, the presenter made an admission about her father and how he taught her to dance. "I just realised how fit I was as a child dancing with my father," Jane said to the camera. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist "I used to go every week ballroom dancing with my dad, and you don't know how special that is until they are gone." Jane got emotional as she watched people dancing, before adding: "Don't make me cry." Towards the end of the programme, as Jane lay out on the deck of the boat, she also spoke about her father. Jane took a moment to reflect as she bid farewell to viewers. "I think looking out to this, I think of my dad really," she said before adding: "Because although he's been gone... he passed over in 1993. "When you're somewhere as beautiful as this, your loved ones, I feel come around you. "And I just feel my dad has been on this journey with me." As she looked up into the sky and raised her glass, Jane paid a tribute, by saying: "Here's to you, dad." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise boss details 'biggest' challenge of filming series [INSIGHT]Joan Crawford shuts down interviewer in probe over Bette Davis feud [VIDEO] Elsewhere in the programme, Jane, who is used to working on large cruise ships, got a tad seasick. The singer was forced to take an anti-sickness tablet because she felt "woozy". The Loose Women panellist has always been open when speaking about her family. She often shares fond memories of her parents and siblings from when she was a child. In another one of Jane's Channel 5 shows called My Yorkshire, she took a trip down memory lane when taking a day trip to Scarborough. “It always takes me back to good old fashion day trips to the seaside, with my mum, dad, Tony and our Janet,” she recalled. “Ah, happy days, I would do anything with just one more day with them," Jane admitted. "I am taking you to Scarborough because it has great memories of being there with my parents. “We would always have cockles and prawns from a little stall on the front, and I still love prawns to this day." Jane McDonald: Cruising Scotland is available to watch on My5.