The Apprentice star Lord Alan Sugar took to Twitter on Friday evening to slam the colour of the new Arsenal away kit. He asked whether Ian Wright "would have played in a pink shirt", to which the football pundit and former Arsenal star hilariously responded by wearing a bright pink shirt on Saturday evening's Match of the Day.  Alan, 75, mocked the team's shirt in view of his 5.2million Twitter followers. He wrote: "Pink shirts! I wonder if @IanWright0 would have played in a pink shirt." The post saw a backlash from football fans and some of Sugar's Twitter followers. Wright was eager to hit back at Sugar's comments, and when he was asked by fellow pundits Gary Lineker and Alan Shearer about his outfit choice, he responded: "Real men can wear pink." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery Match of the Day's Twitter account responded directly to Sugar's tweet, posting a picture of Wright sporting the shirt and captioning it with side-eye emojis. Sugar's latest controversial post comes less than a month after his comments about the Women's Euros. He had questioned why the BBC coverage didn't have a male commentator for some of the matches. Wright accused him of "foolishness" following the bizarre post. After the Lionesses roared to an 8-0 victory against Norway, Sugar wrote: "I was pleased to see my old mate Ian Wright was given the opportunity to commentate on the ladies game last night. "I wonder if my earlier tweet below touched a nerve. "Of course BBC sport will say not at all, Ian was already lined up for it." DON'T MISS... Hi-De-Hi icon Su Pollard blasts BBC for making comedies 'political' [LATEST]Fans bemused over strange set change on GB News 'Don't get it' [VIDEO]Ellie Simmonds 'petrified' to join Strictly Come Dancing [LATEST] The former Arsenal player retaliated by posting a video on social media. He pleaded: "Everybody please, stop sending me the tweet, I was taking my daughter to her singing lessons. "The tweet is blowing up and doing my head in. I can’t believe it. "Alan, the thing is, my friend, rather than saying, 'I got it wrong, lots of men are working at all levels of the tournament' - you doubled down on some complete f***ing foolishness. "You actually, in your mind, you actually thought that after you sent that tweet that the BBC phoned me up, never mind we’ve been ready and booked for a year, you think they called me up and said, ‘Ian, you’ve got to get back from Germany ASAP, Alan Sugar has tweeted, we can’t upset him, we need to get you on'.  "You genuinely believe that happened? Because I need to know, because that says to me my god, your ego is totally out of control. "Where’s the people around you to hug you bro? You need some hugs man. Coming on Twitter for attention. It’s laughable." He told Sugar to "stop doing it to yourself" before adding he is "glad" the media personality was watching the match. Sugar replied to Wright's video, saying: "Totally misunderstood my point and now thanks to you taking things the wrong way a media circus has erupted. Never mind you are good bloke."