A new reality show called The Challenge Australia was due to feature the star of Married at First Sight, Jessika Power until she reportedly left the show just days before filming will commence. But, the Celebs Go Dating contestant has come out fighting to give her version of events. Jessika took to Instagram to announce what she feels happened ahead of the new reality show The Challenge Australia's launch. Addressing her 380,000 followers, the Australian disagreed with reports of her leaving the new series in the lurch. Her side of the story paints a different picture to previous reports. The Only Fans model described how she was in fact dropped at the last moment. Read More: Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Art Deco ring's 'ridiculous' value "I had my bags packed, everything ready and received a message from my manager stating that the American executives had made a creative decision to not include me on the show," Jessika explained. On her Instagram stories she defiantly added: "Despite believing I am 'good talent'." She continued: "I was excited to be chosen to do the show and it was only a day before I was having Skype interviews with the casting director and speaking about opening outfits and filming location and leave dates. "I'd completed my medical, background check and had my leave date for the show. "Everything had come back clear and everyone was happy," the reality star explained. Reports last week suggested the 2019 Married at First Sight contestant would rather continue her work on adult modelling platform Only Fans. A source close to The Challenge Australia gave their outlook on what allegedly happened to Daily Mail Australia. Their version contradicts Jessika's recent claim of them dropping her. They explained: "Jessika would make more money sitting around at home filming content for OnlyFans." DON'T MISS: Big Brother's Anthony Hutton unrecognisable as he teases reboot return [ARTICLE]Reality TV shows are a sad sign of obsession, says SUSAN DANCE [OPINION]Where does Martin Clunes live? A look into his Dorset home life [INSIGHT] However, the new show on Australian network Channel 10 will definitely be hosted by sports broadcaster Brihony Dawson. The popular non-binary TV personality couldn't wait to reveal their new role. They explained: "I’m beyond excited to officially announce that I’ll be the host of Channel 10s brand new competition series The Challenge Australia. "We’re on location in Argentina at the moment and I can’t wait to show you what we’ve been up to," they added. As the show's title suggests, this series will pit a selection of Australian celebrities against each other in a variety of gruelling challenges. In what is being dubbed a reality TV-sports show, 18 celebrities will battle it out to be crowned the series' champion. Winners of the series will receive $200,000 and a chance to represent Australia in the world championship of The Challenge.