Every indoor gardener’s top interest is to help their garden thrive. That’s why it’s important to provide the best fertiliser, quality pots, and excellent humidifiers to plants, but sadly, many often forget about one thing that can be crucial for houseplant care – water quality.    Gardening experts at Houseplants Corner have shared 10 plants which need distilled, rather than tap, water. They explained: “If you are trying to offer your houseplants the maximum care and attention, you need to know which plants should never be watered with tap water. “Many plants are fine with tap water, but it can do some serious damage to some specimens that are more delicate, especially if you live in an area where the water is full of chalk.” Here is the complete list of houseplants that usually need distilled water: Peace lilies are much loved plants, but they are also sensitive to chemicals and will not appreciate being watered with tap water. The plant pros advised: “If you are growing one of these glossy green plants, you’ll need to provide it with distilled water to keep the foliage fresh and beautiful. Putting a lot of chlorine and fluoride in the pot could kill the plant.” Peace lilies droop dramatically when they are thirsty so gardeners should keep their plant well watered. However, permanently soggy soil will lead to the plant’s roots rotting, so be careful. READ MORE: Use ‘cardboard’ hack to ‘effectively’ get rid of weeds ‘quickly’    Spider plants are more tolerant of tap water than many of the other plants on this list, but they still prefer distilled water. The experts said: “If you use tap water constantly, you may find that the plant starts to die back. Its leaves will turn brown and crispy at the ends. “Where possible, use distilled water at least some of the time. This will help to rinse chemicals from the container and keep the plant happy.” When the top inch of the soil has dried out, give the plant a good drink. The Venus flytrap will not tolerate the chemicals or chalk in tap water. The indoor plant enthusiasts explained: “These plants are highly sensitive to chemicals and cannot stand a buildup of nutrients around their roots, so they will quickly become sick and die if you water them with tap water. “This is particularly true if you live in a hard water area, where the water is thick with limescale. If you notice a buildup of either chalk or salt in your plant’s soil, you will need to repot it quickly, or it may die.” DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]‘Guaranteed’ solution to leave windows ‘streak-free’ - ‘amazing!’ [TIPS]Property expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid [INSIGHT] Venus flytraps like to be kept reasonably moist at all times, although they don’t appreciate sodden soil. They are marsh plants, so don’t let them dry out. The cast iron plant is generally not very sensitive, but it doesn’t like being watered with fluoride-heavy water. Most tap water contains a lot of fluoride, and if you use too much tap water for the Cast Iron plant, you may notice its leaves curling and dying. There are various types of cast iron plants, and all of them will prefer distilled water to tap water – although some are more sensitive than others. The experts said: “These plants dislike having water sitting around their roots, and the tips of their leaves will turn brown if they end up with too much fluoride in their soil. READ MORE: How to ‘revive’ your ‘wilted’ and ‘drooping’ hydrangeas  “If you see your parlour palm’s leaves browning and the plant’s soil hasn’t dried out, you should swap for distilled water as soon as possible.” Dragon trees are sensitive to fluoride, and won’t cope well with tap water, so it’s best to use distilled water. Again, too much fluoride will cause leaf browning at the tips of the plant’s leaves, and it is best avoided. The plant gurus advised: “If you aren’t sure whether your dragon tree is suffering as a result of the tap water, inspect some of its leaves closely. If you have a variety with red edges, it may be hard to tell if they are turning brown unless you look closely. It’s therefore a good idea to check regularly if you want to use tap water.” Peacock plants are “very fussy” about their watering routine as a whole, so gardeners will need to pay close attention to the moisture levels in the soil, according to the pros. They said: “Peacock plants like limited water, but they don’t like to be dry, and they will not tolerate tap water even in small quantities. “They need to be given distilled water instead, although you can use rainwater if you don’t have any distilled water.”  As with peacock plants, the prayer plant has a strong preference for distilled water, and will seriously struggle if they are given tap water. The experts explained: “Because these plants have such pretty, painted leaves, you need to provide the right kind of water to maintain their foliage. Avoid tap water at all times. Watering with distilled water will keep the plant happy and keep chemicals from building up around the plant’s roots.” Those who own a fishtail palm, you may already be aware that these plants “don’t like tap water at all”. They are sensitive to both the chlorine and fluoride in it, as well as the other chemicals. The experts said: “Unfortunately, they dislike tap water so much that even boiled water won’t cut it. To keep their leaves lush and green, you need to use filtered or distilled water, or rainwater.” The Kentia palm will get sick if it is exposed to the salt in tap water. Gardeners will be able to see the salts building up in the soil over time, and they will result in the plant’s leaves dying surprisingly quickly. Keep Kentia palm plants watered with distilled water to ensure its foliage stays fresh. For those who have used tap water and they notice the leaves starting to die, flush the plant’s pot out with distilled water or plant it in fresh soil.