Sally Nugent has become one of the regular faces for BBC Breakfast, taking on a permanent role in 2021. She replaced Louise Minchin following her departure after 20 years on the daily morning show and presents alongside the latest addition, Jon Kay. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the journalist is. Sally is a British journalist and newsreader whose first media job was at BBC Radio Merseyside. The journalist was born in Birkenhead in 1971 and she studied at Upton Hall School, before attending the University of Huddersfield. She graduated with a degree in Communication Arts and French, always having her heart set on a career in the media. Her early jobs include sports newsreader at BBC North West Tonight and BBC News, and she anchored at the 2006 FIFA World Cup. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen The TV star is 51 years old, having been born on August 5, 1941, so it was not too long ago that she marked her milestone birthday. Sally is married with one child, but not much is known about the presenter's personal life outside of work. She took to her Instagram account to document her 50th birthday last year, sharing photos of herself with family and friends. Sally captioned the post: "Small party. Big birthday. Feeling very lucky," and the photos showed a beautiful birthday cake and a card. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation The presenter loves to reminisce over career highlights and she has had plenty over the years. On Twitter she shared a memory from her time at the London Olympics in 2012, marking 10 years since the prestigious occasion. She also marked the moment she became a permanent presenter on BBC Breakfast, sharing a video of the celebrations. Since her arrival, viewers have enjoyed watching the journalist tackle the biggest headlines of the week. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos [THEORY] 'Too much rain?!' Sally Nugent slapped down after 'silly' question [DISCUSSION] Sally Nugent partner: Who is the BBC Breakfast host with? [EXPLAINER] She recently blasted Labour leader Keir Starmer over his whereabouts during the cost of living crisis. Sally said: "There’s a vacuum at the centre of government at the moment. I’m just interested to know, where is Keir Starmer?” She had been interviewing Shadow Secretary for Education Bridget Phillipson about the Conservative government’s strategy for the cost of living crisis. Phillipson started to answer: “Keir Starmer will be working on further measures that may well be set out around this. I’m absolutely confident -” READ MORE: Fiona Bruce feared BBC show would be ‘killed’ when idea failed However, Sally interjected with: “What will he be doing?” and "Are we going to hear from him?” This morning, August 15, she received some backlash from viewers for suggesting there could be "too much rain" after the recent heatwave. REC said on Twitter: "So light rain, showers, heavy rain, are all the wrong kind of rain. Sun is a #ClimateCrisis "Anyone would think @BBCNews want to make a drama out of everything and make it negative?"   BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.