On Tuesday the website of Taiwan's presidential office was targeted by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack. At one point the site was malfunctioning, the office said in a statement.  Access to the website was restored within about 20 minutes of the attack, the statement clarified. Taiwanese government agencies were monitoring the situation in the face of "information warfare," a spokesperson later explained. A government portal website and Taiwan's foreign ministry website were also taken offline temporarily on Tuesday. In a statement, the foreign ministry said both websites had been bombarded with up to 8.5million traffic requests a minute from a "large number of IPs from China, Russia and other places".  The attacks were ongoing, the statement said. However, a cyber security research organisation has argued that the attacks were launched by Chinese activist attackers rather than the Beijing government itself. DDoS attacks work by directing high volumes of internet traffic towards targeted servers in an attempt by so-called "hacktivists" to knock them offline. Johannes Ullrich, Dean of Research at the SANS Technology Institute, a cybersecurity education and research organisation said the attacks were "uncoordinated" and "random". READ MORE: China vs Taiwan MAPPED: Was Taiwan ever part of China?  He said: "These are uncoordinated, random, moral-less attacks against websites that Chinese hacktivists use to get their message across. "Usually it continues for a few days, but they often lose interest within a week. "Many of the attacks are motivated by what is written in the Chinese press." The attack came from hundreds of thousands of IP addresses, tied to devices registered within Chinese commercial internet space, Mr Ullrich added. DON'T MISS:  Putin hammerblow as Ukraine airstrike devastates war base [REVEAL] First image emerges of former Putin ally suddenly taken ill [INSIGHT] China will misinterpret Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan [SPOTLIGHT]  A similar cohort of Chinese IP addresses had been scanning the internet for vulnerabilities since Friday, he added. This did not match the usual activity conducted by Chinese hackers. The attacks appear to have been coordinated on the eve of the visit of US House of Representatives speaker Nancy Pelosi to Taiwan. Ms Pelosi's visit has caused a furious reaction in Beijing who claim sovereignty over the island. 