Millions of viewers are waiting on tenterhooks for the highly anticipated return of John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and the family in the next season of Yellowstone. New episodes are scheduled to hit screens this November, and Kevin has recently given an exciting update on the production for the Paramount Network drama’s fifth season. Kevin has confirmed filming for Yellowstone season five is halfway through ahead of its premiere in November. The next instalment will pick up in the midst of the Duttons’ dramatic legal battles and the conclusion of their war against Garrett Randall (Will Patton). Having smashed records for Paramount with its latest season, the return of Yellowstone is one of the most anticipated TV events of the year. Thankfully, the show’s A-list star has assured fans production is well on schedule. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star “You told me last night you’re about halfway through filming,” Extra’s Katie Krause confirmed. As the premiere is just over three months away, there’s still plenty of time for Kevin and his co-stars to wrap up the latest chapter in the Dutton saga. However, they will need to stick to a strict schedule if they hope to complete all 14 episodes of Yellowstone’s extended fifth season in time. Kevin assured Katie the production is making good progress, and had some intriguing teasers for what’s in store when the ranch owners are back on screens. “It’s the characters that people like, they love Beth, what she’s about,” he previewed. “And Rip, how he is so loyal and his action-oriented moments.” Last season, Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) enacted full control over her adopted brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) by filming him shooting his father, Garrett. Meanwhile, Rip and Beth finally tied the knot once the ranch manager could tear himself away from the drama inflicting the bunkhouse. Fans can also expect to see a lot more of Beth and Rip as reluctant parents of sorts to ranch newcomer, Carter (Finn Little). DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Aethelflaed star confirms new film role [LATEST]Eurovision backlash as London snubbed by 2023 shortlist [REACTION]Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview [INTERVIEW] Kevin continued: “You set all that against these mountains and rivers and these horses running, that’s really the thing. “There’s some underlying currents that I actually really identify with, which is the land that’s at war. “People who think one man has too much, people who know what they would do, they would put in an airport. They’d say ‘there’s going to be a lot of people coming’. “It’s the uses of the land and the forces that are coming against it that I think are relevant and people catch on to. “The politics, the environmentalists, all these people attacking this guy and he’s trying to hold onto it.” Kevin also confirmed he has no plans for his character to die just yet, despite the return of Josh Lucas as a young John Dutton suggesting flashbacks could feature heavily in the new season. “I don’t want to die!” he exclaimed. “There’s just too much to do. “In terms of this story, I don’t know where that’s going to go. I haven’t really thought about that.” Hopefully this means John will be sticking around for a little while longer, though there’s a possibility the Hollywood star is simply avoiding giving away a massive twist for season five. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.