Leeds are showing a willingness to smash past the £100million mark with their summer spending this summer, targeting PSG star Arnaud Kalimuendo. However, their pursuit of the forward is being hindered as the French side’s new boss is a big fan of the 20-year-old. Jesse Marsch’s side started the season in the best possible way with a 2-1 victory over Wolves on Saturday. Leeds went behind after six minutes following a Daniel Podence goal but bounced back impressively in a performance that showed plenty of progress. Rodrigo equalised for Marsch’s men before Wolves defender Rayan Ait Nouri put the ball into the back of his own net, following a pass from Patrick Bamford. Leeds lined up with four debutants at Elland Road, but their summer spending is far from over. According to 90min, the Whites are close to striking a deal with PSG for France under-21 international Kalimuendo, with the fee believed to be in the region of £21million. The player is thought to be open to the move and willing to head to the Premier League side – though he is in no rush to force the transfer. Transfer news LIVE: Ten Hag 'unhappy' with Man Utd, Chelsea blow, De Jong latest But a stumbling block in negotiations may have arisen because PSG manager Christophe Galtier ‘does not want to lose’ Kalimuendo and could have a long-term future with the Parisiens. He came off of the bench to play six minutes against Nantes in the Trophee des Champions recently, and his game time could increase in time if he commits his future to the Ligue 1 outfit. Leeds have shown that they are not scared to splash the cash this summer and pursue transfer targets vigorously, spending approximately £81m on new signings so far this summer, and that won’t change despite PSG’s potential reluctance to part ways with Kalimuendo. Marsch has made use of his ties with Red Bull Salzburg throughout the window too, acquiring Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen from his former side. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Liverpool boss Klopp delivers thoughts on transfer after Thiago injuryArsenal boss Arteta might not be happy with Edu over SalibaLiverpool might have another Suarez or Torres after Fulham draw Speaking about his summer signings’ performances against Wolves, the manager said: “We've talked as a team with our new players about what the league level is like. Even in practice matches, it's hard to mimic exactly what the intensity is. There's three players that have played for me before but also Mark Roca, when he was at Bayern Munich he learned a lot of the kind of behaviours about what we'd like to do against the ball and so I think his adaptation has gone really smoothly. “Brenden, I thought had a good performance. You know, I hear it's being credited as an own goal, but I thought he was active and lively and dangerous all match.”