On Friday I presented my last Early Breakfast Show on BBC Radio 2. I will be sitting in for Jeremy Vine for two weeks in mid-August and my final BBC Radio London Breakfast Show will be on August 26. I can hardly believe it myself. I have been a BBC person on and off for 33 years. It has been an honour. I have been the first voice people hear in the morning, the person to break wonderful and horrifying news. During the 7/7 attacks when the phone lines went down, I tried to communicate calmly amid the rising panic, and in the Thames Pageant of 2012 I excitedly wished the Queen a hearty “mazeltov!” We reeled at the London Bridge bombing, are still grieving the Grenfell Tower tragedy, and hand in hand we navigated our way through the unprecedented perils of the pandemic. We have laughed often and cried too much. We have told each other secrets we have never revealed to our own families. On BBC Radio London we have built up a rapport so close that I know the reproductive, marital and spiritual histories of thousands of listeners, and remember the lot when their names flash up on my screen. On Radio 2, in the hours before dawn, the relationship is special. The listeners are the people keeping our country afloat: paramedics, fire officers, policemen, delivery drivers, cleaners, shelf stackers, refuse collectors, road and bridge repairers, nurses and doctors, bakers, farmers, new mothers with wakeful babies, and people too anxious to sleep. In lockdown we were often each other’s only companions. For 12 years I have been live on air at 4am, finishing at 6.30am, charging across the road to another building and presenting my next show from 7-10am. Chris Evans thought I would last three weeks doing both jobs. I proved him wrong. My girls want me to sleep. I want to swing from ziplines with my three grandbabies and dance past midnight with my lovely Ben. But my heart is broken.  I could not care less about football. Those Lionesses, though, were irresistible. It was impossible not to be enthralled by their ebullient athleticism, boundless enthusiasm and consummate skill. They reminded the nation how beautiful the beautiful game can be. They conducted themselves with unaffected charm, bopping about the pitch every time they nailed yet another stellar win. Along with the grandmas and grandpas of the nation I wiped tears off my grandchildren’s cheeks when the Three Lions lost hellishly to Italy on penalties in the Euro final last year. Now the Lionesses have bestowed the most magical gift on us all. We have seen supremely talented sportsmen bring football home for England. We have cheered, leaped, danced and howled the lyrics of Sweet Caroline. We have tasted victory and it is delicious. Oh yes, and the winners just happen to be women.  If the rumours are true, ITV is about to bring back Big Brother. Twenty-two years after BB burst on to our screens, starting a love affair with reality TV, do we still want to watch people confined in a plasterboard house? I hope the answer is yes. As a veteran of two Celebrity BBs, I maintain that if Shakespeare were alive he wouldd be enraptured, and Chaucer would make Big Brother a must-view. All human life is there: power plays, love igniting, bravado evaporating, people vying for supremacy, and man’s inhumanity to man. Voyeurism is in our DNA. We are ready. Let us go. Kelly Brook, 42, married Jeremy Parisi, 37, at a picturesque location near Rome. Then the heavens open and forced her al fresco celebrations inside at the last minute. Never fear, Kelly. Perfect weddings are forgettable. The fragrant flowers, intoxicating cocktails and well-behaved bridesmaids merge in the memory. A few weeks later, guests cannot recall a single detail. Soak your guests to the skin, topple the cake, lose electric power and silence the band – better still, feature a bust-up between the groom and the bride’s dad – and your big day will attain legendary status. Sweetheart, you looked gorgeous pristine or damp. Often the best-laid plans are even better when they implode. Congratulations to you both.   It is thought “the ick” first featured in Ally McBeal and made an appearance in Sex And The City. It bobs up annually on Love Island. You may well have experienced the ick yourself. It occurs when you least expect it and love’s young dream is ostensibly thriving. You are strolling hand in hand with your loved one. All is romance and roses, when suddenly something happens to turn you off. It could be the way he sniffs, or sticks his finger in his ear and examines the foraging, or slurps his soup, or schmoozes with his mum, or sings along tunelessly to lyrics he does not know. You never know what will cause the ick, but it is impossible to feel the same again. For Sex And The City’s Samantha it was daylight reflecting on her older lover’s wrinkled buttocks. You are never too old to get the ick and only you will know how it ruined your relationship. Tesco started it and Waitrose is the latest to join the party. The supermarket has removed best-before dates on 500 items of fruit and veg and is telling us to eat tinned food once a week. Good lord – are we finally being treated like sentient adults, being given permission to squeeze a banana, say, and work out for ourselves if we should eat the thing, bake it in the oven or turn in into banana bread? Perhaps the powers that be have finally decided we can be trusted not to eat bad eggs or rancid chicken and are grown-up enough not to chow down on rotten fish or reheated lukewarm rice. Perhaps they have realised we are adept at avoiding food poisoning. Or is there something cynical about store bosses, amid a cost of living crisis, allowing food prices to escalate while telling us to eat mouldy veg and tinned spaghetti? 