Queen Letizia of Spain, 49, stepped out in Majorca on Wednesday wearing a stunning pair of shorts that only cost £8. The shorts were from a French brand called Pimkie and are blue with white pinstripes. The Spanish monarch paired the shorts with a simple white shirt blouse. What accessories did Letizia have? Queen Letizia carried a Feel Mallorcs Ikat tote bag, which cost 69 Euros, or roughly £58. The description on the website says: "Blue and white ikat tote bag with leather handles. "We know that you also care about security, so in addition to being very practical and comfortable, we have added a zipper to our Tote so that you can close your belongings and keep your privacy from prying eyes." READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare The tote bag was blue and white with brown leather handles. Letizia also accessorised with a pair of Carolina Herrera chunky round frame sunglasses that cost a whopping 189 Euros, or roughly £159. The description on the website says: "Black chunky round-frame sunglasses from Carolina Herrera featuring round frame, oversize frame, grey tinted lenses and curved arms." For footwear, the Queen wore a new pair of BOSS logo espadrilles with Jute Sole.  These cost £129, with the online description saying: "Elegant espadrilles for summery styling by BOSS. "Featuring canvas uppers with a large logo at the vamp, these espadrilles are set on a jute sole with a rubber base. "The heel counter is trimmed with a signature-stripe loop."  Royal fans took to social media to praise Letizia's style. READ MORE: Meghan Markle stays slim by practising exercise 'in dark room' Instagram user @tarrynsteyn said: "Letizia is so chic. I love her style so much." Similarly, @birdnerd327 added: "These are super cute shorts." Another fan, @betsomo commented: "Letizia looks terrific in these bargain-buy shorts." Meanwhile, Letizia's eldest daughter Princess Leonor, 16, stepped out wearing her strawberry pink floral print 'Mallorca' dress from Mango. Leonor wore this dress a lot last summer in 2021 and it is currently on sale for just £10.99. On the other hand, Infanta Sofia, 15, wore a new short tropical dress from Sfera that retailed for £16.99. Both the Spanish Princesses wore Java34 espadrilles, however, Leonor wore beige shoes whilst Sofia opted for black. Royal fan @seugnet777 wrote on Instagram: "They are all so beautiful! Lovely style on all of them!"