Kerb appeal is essential for adding value to a home whether selling or not. The appearance of the front of a property sets the tone for a viewing and improves the perception buyers have of a value of a house. Victoria Brocklesby, COO at Origin, shared top tips on how to boost the kerb appeal of a property. She told Express.co.uk: “Homeowners looking to sell should never underestimate the value of kerb appeal. “Buyers will dismiss a property listing if they don’t like the look of the outside, which is usually the first photo they see, without even looking at the interior. “When it comes to viewings, the appearance of the front of a property sets the tone by informing a buyer’s initial perception of the value of a house and giving them an indication of what to expect from the rest of the property. “Whilst it’s important the interiors are fresh and tidy, the outside is just as important to pique a potential buyer’s interest.” READ MORE: Five kitchen items you ‘need’ to give your space the ‘wow factor’ Boosting your home’s kerb appeal is a really important part of preparing to sell. There are lots of simple ways to ensure your home gives potential buyers an excellent first impression. It can also help to boost the value of your property without little effort. The expert added: “In addition to boosting the saleability of a home, kerb appeal can actually add monetary value to a property. DON'T MISS:Cleaning expert warns against wooden spoon cleaning hack [EXPERT]How often to water Japanese maples in a heatwave [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings flat ‘back to life’ for £7k [PICTURES] “Replacing your property’s front door is an easy yet effective way to refresh the front of your home, and, in turn, increase its value. “Research suggests this could be up to £5,000 in some cases.” Victoria said other “simple changes” which can be made include ensuring the driveway and garden is tidy and free from weeds. Bins should also be kept out of sight if possible. READ MORE: Houseplant: ‘Good way' to check if plants need water The expert added: “Touch up any peeling or discoloured paintwork and clean your windows, including the whole frames and fascia boards.” A well maintained garden can also help to boost interest in your home. According to one expert, having certain plants in your garden may even increase the value of your property. Craig Wilson from Gardeners Dream explained: “Having a beautiful garden can certainly increase the return on investment on your property, and flowers play a leading part in this. “The three flowers I believe to provide the biggest return on investment include hydrangeas, peonies and eucalyptus. “Hydrangeas are cheap, cheerful and a classic. “Everyone loves hydrangeas so there is very little chance of putting prospective buyers off.” Peonies are low maintenance which makes them attractive for buyers looking at homes to buy. Craig added: “They’re also a great option for keeping the garden looking great even if the buyers are casual or part time gardeners. “They thrive in both warm and cold climates so can be left to fend for themselves as long as they are kept out of the wind.”