Figures reached £2.4billion in the three months to July 2022, up £300million on the same period last year, according to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). This rise has been driven by booming property prices and years of frozen allowance but there are ways people can pay less. While inheritance tax remains the most hated tax in Britain, Conservative leader contenders Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak have both suggested they would review inheritance tax rules if they become Prime Minister. While the outcome of any possible review is entirely uncertain, some will hope it could mean scrapping the tax, cutting the 40 percent rate or increasing the threshold which has been frozen since 2010 at £325,000. However, there is no guarantee that inheritance tax rules or thresholds will change, meaning more people face having to pay the tax in the future. Graham Southorn from Maplebrook Will Writing Bristol told Express.co.uk there are three key things Britons can do while they’re still alive to ensure their loved ones aren’t left with a hefty tax bill. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance explained - could you claim £369 a month?    Mr Southorn said: “There are three ways to reduce your inheritance tax bill or reduce the mount of tax your beneficiaries will have deducted from their inheritance. “One is to get a well written will. “Because if you are in the position that your estate is worth a certain value and you don’t have a will, it may be that some of your money goes to your children. “They could be taxed as it's not going to an exempt beneficiary which would be a spouse or civil partner.” DON'T MISSHomeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [WARNING]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [ALERT]Retirement age to rise past 70 - state pensioners forced back to work [WARNING]PIP: The 10 myths preventing people from claiming £627 a month [INSIGHT] As well as making sure someone has a good will in place, the will writer also recommends making the most of gift allowances. He added: “I heard on a podcast recently that a good tip is to give away all your money the day before you die. “Obviously that’s impossible to predict and it’s kind of a silly suggestion, but the point is you can give gifts. “The rule of thumb is that after seven years that would be outside of your estate so you can’t really gift away everything the day before you die.” READ MORE: Which benefits and illnesses qualify for free NHS prescriptions? A third way to avoid a hefty inheritance tax bill is to consider a life insurance policy that will pay off the bill. However, it’s not a good idea for a person to put their house in their children’s name in an attempt to avoid paying inheritance tax or care home fees. Mr Southorn spoke to Express.co.uk in March about why he believes Britons should not give their house to children before they die. Mr Southorn said: “It’s really hard to avoid inheritance tax on your own house. “People think 'I’ll give my house to my children' but unless you pay market rent then you can’t. “You might be able to give a portion of it away but that only works for high value houses. “It can be really complicated - in many cases it’s best to speak to a professional.”