Police were called after the incident at Cottingham Parish Council on Tuesday, July 5. The row began when a clerk began speaking about the abuse he claimed he had faced at meetings in the past. Matthew Kay took offence to the comments and behaviour of a member of the public. He said he "acted instinctively" as the spectator filmed a discussion between parish councillors and himself, prompting him to knock the phone from their hand. He then stormed out of the meeting, Hull Live reports. Police investigated the incident and are understood to have spoken to Mr Kay and a local resident. Now, Mr Kay says he "regrets" the incident, but claimed it followed months of bullying from some members of the public who attended the meetings which led to his resignation a month before the exchange. Mr Kay was interrupted by Cllr Helen Green, who spotted and condemned a "cuckoo" gesture allegedly made by the woman filming the exchange from the public gallery. Cllr Green imitated the gesture and told the woman: "I don't think it's acceptable for you to be doing this." However, the woman filming the exchange replied, saying: "It's not verbal, you just did it as well. I can do what I like Helen, thank you."  In the video, the woman can be heard calling Mr Kay paranoid. The footage then shows him getting up, storming past her and knocking the phone out of her hand as he leaves the meeting. People can then be heard talking about calling the police. Speaking to Hull Live, Mr Kay said he had repeatedly complained about the bullying he claims to have faced from some members of the public. He said the incidents stretched back to May last year. He said: "What is not shown is that throughout the meeting the person who recorded the clip was loud, disruptive, and had made several snide comments about technical difficulties that we were experiencing that evening. As you can see mentioned in the clip, she was making the ‘cuckoo’ gesture behind my back and then called me paranoid. "I find it utterly abhorrent that such a gesture and comments would be made whilst someone was highlighting abuse they had received. It’s a perfect example of victim blaming and gaslighting. I was not willing to tolerate such abuse and decided to leave the meeting."  He added: "As I walked passed my personal space was invaded when she thrust the camera/phone towards me. I instinctively reacted by pushing the phone away, which then fell on the floor. "I do regret doing this, but as I say it was an instinctive reaction and followed from much abuse and goading. It sickens me that I am the victim in this case but am being made out to have done something wrong. "Unfortunately abuse like this has become increasingly common in the town/parish council sector and the turnover of clerks is at an all-time high. There seems to be this view that because we are public-sector employees we are fair game for abuse from both members of the public and councillors."    Humberside Police investigated the incident and no charges were brought as a result of the exchange. In a statement, the force said: "We reviewed footage and talked to both parties involved about their conduct."  Cottingham Parish Council has been contacted for comment. 