Chris Eubank Jr has detailed a tense backstage meeting with Conor Benn “that could have easily kicked off”. The sons of British boxing legends Chris Eubank Sr and Nigel Benn face each other on October 8 at the O2 Arena, London but could have come to blows outside of the ring a few months ago. The pair are set to meet at a 157lb catchweight limit which will be completely foreign to both boxers with Benn having never fought above welterweight (147lb) and Eubank Jr competing no lower than middleweight (160lb) during the course of his career. According to reports from esteemed boxing writer Dan Rafael, both fighters will lose £81,000 ($100,000) for every pound that they miss weight by. With so much riding on the fight, tensions are high, and they could have spilled out in May when they met at the Sports Industry Awards. Speaking to iFL TV back then, Eubank Jr detailed their confrontation. He said: “Yeah we had a little chat. I think they set it up, someone sneakily set it up. It’s unbelievable we were both backstage, both presenting awards at exactly the same time. Whoever manages that, they’re lucky that I’m not an idiot and they don’t know I’m not an idiot. I mean, he is a hothead. “If I say something silly, he’s gonna, you know, but I’m not an idiot. If I’m pushed, yeah [I could react], but I’m not gonna push anybody. I’m not gonna push anybody for no reason – for clout or for an Instagram video. It could’ve easily kicked off at the awards show, right before we were about to walk on stage.” He continued: “He asked me about the Canelo fight, it was small talk. He was talking to someone else for a second and I was thinking about all the stuff that’s been said over the last few months and I started laughing. “He said, ‘What are you smirking about?’ I said, ‘Listen, me and you can make a lot of money in the future.’ He said on the fight night he comes in 20lbs heavier than what he weighs in at. He was basically trying to say that he could physically fight, the weight difference wouldn’t be an issue.” Benn vs Eubank Jr will be shown live on DAZN PPV in two months’ time. The price is yet to be announced although it is expected to be a similar fee to that of Canelo Alvarez vs Gennady Golovkin III which is currently listed at £9.99 for existing subscribers and £17.98 for new ones.