WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Shetland. Soon, it will be the end of an era for Shetland fans as actor Douglas Henshall has confirmed this will be his final series as DI Jimmy Perez. But before it's time to say farewell, there's still one more case to crack in the seventh series on BBC One. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the filming locations of Shetland. As the title of the popular BBC drama eludes to, Shetland is shot on the Shetland Islands which are technically part of Scotland. Although they are 80km of Orkney and closer to Norway than they are to the UK. With a population of around 22,000, the Isles are very remote and made up of more than one hundred islands with 15 uninhabited. It is believed the external scenes are filmed at various locations on the islands, which would explain the stunning backdrops. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed In previous seasons, the cast of Shetland was seen filming in the capital of the islands, Lerwick. According to the Shetland Times, the production team was also spotted filming in Lodberries and Wester Quarff, a small village near Lerwick. Even though the drama is set in Shetland, not all of the filming took place there. Many of the show's interior shots actually took place in locations around mainland Scotland. Douglas Henshall previously revealed in an interview with the Daily Record his character Jimmy's house is in Kilbarchan, Renfrewshire and the police station is in Barrhead, near Paisley. Other areas include Irvine Beach in North Ayrshire and Ayr, on the west coast of Ayrshire, where a fish factory that has been seen on more than one occasion, is located. Henshall added: "We’ve found some places that pass as Shetland. Avoiding trees, mainly, but with similar landscapes." Filming for this season was wrapped up on January 20, according to Henshall on Twitter. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter [EXPLAINER]How many episodes are in Shetland season 7? [EPISODE COUNT]‘Time to leave’ Douglas Henshall’s co-star addresses Shetland exit [CAST] At the time, Henshall wrote: "And Shetland 7 is wrapped. "Shooting two series back to back over nearly a year during a pandemic has been a hell of a journey. "I take my hat off to our crew. It would be hard to find a more talented, hard-working, good humoured and resilient bunch of people." Sadly, this will be the last series for DI Jimmy Perez who will be making his exit in season seven. Henshall announced earlier this year he wouldn't be reprising his role as Jimmy when Shetland returns for season eight next year. He said it felt like the "right time" to bring his story to a close and is already working on a new Netflix drama called Palomino. So will Jimmy get the happily ever after fans have been wanting for him or will his ending be far more sinister? Shetland season 7 premieres on Wednesday, August 10, at 9pm on BBC One.