Chelsea goalkeeper Edouard Mendy had a moment to forget at Elland Road as he gifted Leeds United star Brenden Aaronson his first Premier League goal. Mendy took too long to clear after the ball was passed back to him and Aaronson took advantage by stealing it off the Senegal star and running it into an empty goal. Conor Gallagher, making his first start for Chelsea, won the ball midway in his own half. The Blues appeared comfortable as Thiago Silva laid it back to his goalkeeper. But Mendy waited until Aaronson got closer and attempted to faint to kick the ball. However, the USA international read what the 30-year-old was trying to do. Aaronson had the easy task to put Leeds in front but it was his high work rate which contributed to Mendy's howler. Don Goodman was co-commentating on the match for Sky Sports and he could not believe why Mendy thought he had as much time as he did. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo Man Utd U-turn, Toney eyed by two, Caicedo latest  Goodman said: "Well I'm not sure there is even a word for that because it's beyond crazy that Edouard Mendy thinks that he can get away with taking his time. Put your foot through the ball. "It's brilliant from Brenden Aaronson, he doesn't buy it. He almost reads what Mendy is trying to do and it's easy as you like. "But you have to say the press from the first minute to this point has been working a treat for Leeds United and they have reaped a huge reward for that hard work. He'd already pulled something similar and got away with it earlier in the game. "That's just madness from an absolutely brilliant, brilliant goalkeeper. He's just made a crazy decision." DON'T MISSGarner’s reaction to Man Utd putting him up for sale as three clubs eye dealArsenal can sign ideal Zinchenko partner in crime for just £17mArsenal loanee Balogun matches 47-year record with another goal  It got worse for Chelsea just four minutes later. Raheem Sterling was booked for a foul on Marc Roca in an inviting area on the left-hand side of the pitch. Jack Harrison whipped in a delicious cross which was headed home by Rodrigo. The Spaniard has now scored four goals in three matches this season, already closing in on his tally of six from last term. Chelsea were aiming to bounce back from the late disappointment of letting in an equaliser against rivals Tottenham last Sunday. Meanwhile, Leeds were looking to make it two wins from two at Elland Road this term. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 