Nottingham Forest boss Steve Cooper has hit out at Tottenham star Richarlison after he drew heavy criticism for juggling the ball in the latter stages of the Spurs' 2-0 win over his side. Richarlison has proven to be a divisive figure in the Premier League with the Brazilian forward renowned for his theatrics and sometimes going down too easily. Jamie Carragher appeared fed up on commentary with some of Richarlison's behaviour when he came on for the final 15 minutes against Forest. The summer signing was involved as soon as he came on and eventually provided a brilliant assist for Harry Kane's second of the match. With Tottenham 2-0 up, Richarlison received the ball on the far side of the pitch and opted to flick the ball up nonchalantly and began juggling it before misplacing a pass to a team-mate. Richarlison tried to win the ball back and got there first, but not until Brennan Johnson clattered into the forward with Neco Williams landing on the former Everton striker. Carragher appeared to condone the hard foul on Richarlison due to the Tottenham forward's showboating. "He just winds people up," said Carragher. "He winds me up... you can't be showboating out there, like that."  And Cooper was left equally unimpressed by the forward, and made it clear that he would not be impressed if it was one of his own players who had engaged in any similar showboating antics. "I wouldn't want my players to do what Richarlison did," Cooper said. "It wouldn't be accepted here."  While Richarlison's antics frustrated many, the Brazilian has still played a key role in helping Spurs with their strong start to the season. While yet to start in the league for his new side, Richarlison has made an impact in each game he's played and his assist for Kane was evidence of what he's capable of adding to Conte's squad. It's now 10 points from a possible 12 for Spurs as their strong start to the campaign continues. They were made to work for all three points at the City Ground though as the home fans created a hostile atmosphere for Tottenham. "I think we deserved to win in a difficult game against Nottingham Forest," Conte said."I was really surprised to see and play with lots of noise on the pitch. "Nottingham Forest fans pushed the team a lot. I think we were good to overcome." 