Chelsea winger Callum Hudson-Odoi is poised to finalise his season-long loan move to Bayer Leverkusen on Monday and Blues co-owner Todd Boehly appears to have won the war over a crucial aspect of the deal. Hudson-Odoi was told that he could leave Stamford Bridge on a temporary basis this campaign with prospects of regular game time looking slim. The 21-year-old was an unused substitute against Leicester City on Saturday and he is yet to feature in the Premier League this term. Thomas Tuchel has, so far, been loyal to the attacking trio of Raheem Sterling, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz. Hudson-Odoi supposedly had proposals from 20 clubs on the table when his availability became common knowledge, but his camp have decided that the offer from Leverkusen would be best for his development. The Bundesliga side have won just one of their first four league games this term so they could certainly use his help. Having struggled to make his mark on the first team at Stamford Bridge, regular football is thought to be a priority as Hudson-Odoi bids to take his career to the next level. JUST IN: Nicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit as replacement plan at risk According to Sky Sports, the youngster's loan switch to Leverkusen is now totally agreed and he is expected to land in Germany on Monday afternoon to complete his medical. The move was at risk of collapse over the weekend with Leverkusen pushing for a permanent buy option. That would have gone against Boehly's wishes as the American supposedly pleaded with Hudson-Odoi to only consider temporary options. The latest round of negotiations appears to have done the trick, however, and the tricky wide-man is poised to sign on a straightforward loan deal. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Antony's Man Utd medical, Chelsea fly Fofana to USA, Aubameyang latest Despite his young age, this is Hudson-Odoi's sixth season in and around the Chelsea first team after a stellar youth career that saw him tipped for a bright future. Bayern Munich were heavily linked with a move back in 2020 but the Blues blocked the deal, which supposedly included a lucrative buy option. Flashes of quality haven't been enough to see Hudson-Odoi consistently called upon by Tuchel and the winger is yet to score more than twice across a Premier League season. It remains to be seen whether regular minutes at Leverkusen will do the trick with the likes of Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic at risk of being moved on before he returns to The Bridge. Wesley Fofana and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang remain Chelsea's most pressing transfer problems to solve before deadline day. Fofana has supposedly been flown to the USA to provide assurances over injury concerns with Leicester finally prepared to give in. Aubameyang appeared to wave goodbye to Barca fans during a friendly with Manchester City last week. Barcelona weren't keen to bite on their most recent bid, which included Marcos Alonso, as they would prefer a straight cash deal.