Smart meters, bulbs and switches are are already standard features in most British homes, but there are some devices which take the edge when it comes to “smart homes”. In fact, new data from Compare the Market revealed that a staggering 51 percent of Britons would be willing to pay as much as £2,409 more for a property “kitted out” with smart technology. Top-of-the-range dishwashers, modern security systems, and even doorbells have all been shown to maximise house prices, and it all comes down to buyer appeal. Making your home attractive to buyers is about more than just how well presented the property is, but also how secure and energy efficient it is to live in. While the benefits of smart technology can be enjoyed day-to-day inside the home, the long term rewards are also hugely beneficial when it it comes to making profits on your house sale, by rewarding the buyers with long term savings. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jonathan Rolande, property expert at The National Association of Property Buyers explained that this is down to the appeal of “perceived money saving devices”. READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals'  He said: “People like gadgets in general but smart appliances can increase security and save money on utilities as well as saving valuable time on mundane household tasks. “Perceived money-saving devices also leave more cash in a buyer’s pocket each month meaning they can be more generous with their offer.” According to new data from Compare the Market, smart security systems such as cameras and window sensors add the most value to a property, with homeowners willing to pay around £345.10 extra for these features. Jonathan added that certain areas are also more likely to benefit from a boost in house sale prices when certain devices are included with the property. He explained that urban areas will make the most of smart security systems as these areas are more likely to have higher crime rates. Reliable internet and buyer demographics also play a key role in the value added by security in such locations. Compare the Market found that smart locks add around £221 to buyer offers, while smart doorbells and sensors benefit boost profits by £180.80 on average. In total, a full smart security system with locks, sensors and a doorbell similar to the Ring model can boost the value of a property by a staggering £747.30, based on the data. He explained that urban areas will make the most of smart security systems as these areas are more likely to have higher crime rates. DON'T MISS:Homes Under the Hammer student buyers increase house value by £44k [VIDEO]The city Jane McDonald lives when she’s not travelling the world [INSIGHT]Four ways to minimise water usage in the garden [EXPLAINER] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea With the October energy price cap rise looming, the demand for smart and efficient home heating systems is greater than ever. A smart thermostat such as a Hive system can add around £197.58 to the sale price of a property, while smart bulbs and “multi-room lighting control” can add as much as £107.73 to offers. Smoke and carbon monoxide detectors are also worth investing in if you’re looking to add value to a sale. Compare the Market found that these devices add around £199.35 to buyer offers. While adding smart systems is almost guaranteed to earn you a healthy return on your investment in your property, there are some categories which are more beneficial than others. Jonathan said: “If you’re on a budget, a video doorbell, smart heating controller and (depending on location) security system are a good choice.” He added that even some older systems are just as valuable as new installations too, so it is always worth doing. He explained that smart items tend not to change much externally and very few buyers would worry about which version say, a Ring system is, they just want to see that it works properly.