Meghan Markle and Prince Harry should "draw a line" under their legal battles and "rebrand themselves," according to royal expert Neil Sean. This comes after Prince Harry's decision last week to file a second lawsuit focused on the refusal to let him pay privately for police protection. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean told viewers that this move could backfire on the Sussexes. He said that the Sussexes' refusal to "rebrand' was leading to a "bigger problem" for the couple. Mr Sean said: "We have Prince Harry attacking the British Metropolitan Police and Her Majesty's Government with a second installment of litigation. "You do think, who advises these people? "Draw a line under it, and move on." JUST IN: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry 'scrambling for persona'  He continued: "Rebrand yourself, recreate yourself, with a more positive note. "Seemingly, they don't wish to do that. "And this is now the bigger problem for Meghan Markle and Harry." Lawyers for Harry argue that he was forced to limit visits to the UK as his US security team does not have "adequate jurisdiction" here.  In July, Prince Harry won permission to legally challenge a government decision that denied him police protection while in the UK. Omid Scobie, who is writing his second book about the Sussexes, defended the couple's case. He commented this week that "this high level of security is essential" for the couple in the UK. He wrote: "Alongside the Prime Minister, Royal Family members are some of the most targeted individuals in the country. "Given this fact, it's hard to then accept the Prince is still locked in a lengthy High Court battle with the Home Officer over the protection privileges he lost in early 2020." DON'T MISS: Ferrari has Coffey squirming over stark France energy cap gap [INTERVIEW]Royal aide stunned expert after forgetting Eugenie and Beatrice [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Bombshell allegations 'eroding' Harry & Meghan [LIVE BLOG]  The wave of bad press for the Sussexes showed they were experiencing a "learning curve" in how to deal with the branding, according to royal expert Eric Schiffer. On the other hand, Harry's brother William appears to have gone from strength to strength, with William and Kate Middleton's Royal Foundation increasing its income from £6.7 million to more than £20.4 million in two years. Funds are used for projects such as Prince William's Earthshot Prize, which awards £1 million grants to winners. It comes after Harry and Meghan, who left the joint foundation charity in September 2019, finally dissolved their UK charity, MWX (Markle Windsor) Foundation, this week. READ NEXT: Meghan Markle and Harry's home 'reflects their personalities''Should not be up for debate' Harry's security should be reinstatedHarry and Meghan security threats 'intercepted' during UK visitPrince Harry memoir pivotal to finances 'Spending money like water!'Prince William not planning to visit Prince Harry during US stay 