Princess Anne, 71, has two children and five grandchildren. The Princess Royal was seen playing with her grandchildren at the 2022 Festival of British Eventing at Gatcombe Park on Saturday. What type of grandparent is Princess Anne?  Angela Karanja, an adolescent psychologist and founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers analysed her skills for Express.co.uk. She said: “I feel Princess Anne would be that grandmother that encourages her grandchildren to reach for the stars and not hold back. “I.e., that they don’t have to follow a predetermined route, and this doesn’t make them rebellious, a term that most people use to describe children or people who are not following what was expected. “Just as Princess Anne has in her own relationships and decisions - such as not giving her children royal titles.  “It’s evident that even though she was born into royalty, she refused to keep pace with her companions. “She certainly was hearing a different drum and followed that. “Anne has taught her daughter Zara the same and would therefore relay this to her grandchildren.” Judi James, a body language expert, also analysed Princess Anne’s grandparenting skills.  She said: “Princess Anne clearly had to adopt a more formal approach to parenting with Zara and her brother when she was in the public eye. “But her behaviour with her grandchildren looks almost as relaxed and fun-loving as her daughter’s. “Her facial expressions might sometimes suggest she can be a rather stern granny. “But it’s also clear her playful side is triggered with the young children.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle stays slim by practising exercise 'in dark room' “She looks doting and delighted to spend time in their company.” Mike Tindall, the father of Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall, had his hands full as he took his children to the Festival of British Eventing at Gatcombe Park on Saturday. The former England rugby player, 43, who is married to the Queen's granddaughter Zara Tindall, attended the prestigious event, held at Princess Anne’s estate. They were joined by a casually dressed Princess Anne who could be seen chatting to her young grandson and motioning in one direction, while he pointed in another. On Friday, Mike and his cheerful children watched 41-year-old British equestrian Zara compete on horseback on day one of the annual occasion.  Lucas was dressed in a bright blue top with navy shorts as he walked around the grounds, while Lena opted for a vibrant pink T-shirt and red trainers. Her eldest sister Mia looked equally low-key in a navy top and denim shorts, teamed with a stylish cap and sunglasses, as well as grey trainers. Mike looked just as casual in a white T-shirt and matched his son in navy shorts. He completed the look with fashionable trainers and a cap. Meanwhile, Princess Anne appeared similarly low-key for the family day out, sporting cream trousers, a light blue shirt and a red jacket. She finished off the look with a white hat. 