Last week, the Bank of England warned inflation could reach 13 per cent by the end of the year, heralding five successive quarters of recession which would shrink our national output by two per cent. Even worse, typical household energy bills are predicted to rise by 70 per cent to over £3,500 in October, followed by another increase to a colossal £4,400 in January. It is a savage burden that could form part of the biggest squeeze on British living standards for 60 years. In the face of this turmoil, the ruling Conservative Party might have been expected to display a spirit of dynamic urgency. The smack of firm government is exactly what the country needs. Yet the Tories are in danger of resorting to wishful thinking. The attention of most ministers, MPs and activists is focused on the leadership contest, which has been characterized by neither realism nor candour. Contenders Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak, are meant to be among Westminster's leading heavyweights, but so far have shown little grasp of the enormity of the challenge facing Britain. Instead, they oscillate between empty boosterism and fanciful, uncosted pledges, many designed only to appeal to the party's grassroots rather than the country's real needs - although Ms Truss has promised to hold an emergency budget if she wins the contest and is showing commendable urgency. The state of the economy should be a moment for statesmanship, yet at times the contest seems to have degenerated into a kind of surreal auction between two people whose unaffordable programmes fail to recognise that the desperate state of the public finances is a central cause of the economic crisis. Our national debt now totals over £2.5trillion, and in June Government interest payments came to £19.4billion, money that would be far better spent on frontline services. Yet in their eagerness to win the keys to Number 10, neither candidate has revealed much fiscal responsibility. Sound money used to be a key Conservative principle, but it is in danger of being dumped in this contest. One of Ms Truss's supporters, former leader Iain Duncan Smith, even spoke at the weekend of "this ridiculous, miserable orthodoxy" that insists on balanced books. Ultimately it is financial orthodoxy that stops a nation from bankruptcy and we must resist the temptation of believing in a magic money tree. Truss promises a £30billion raft of tax cuts "from day one", including the reversal of the national insurance increase, intended to provide more funds for the NHS and social care. At the same time, she recognises the need for a bigger defence budget, new grammar schools, more nuclear power stations, an increase in border staff of 20 per cent, more support for GP surgeries, and more cash for roads. That is quite a wish-list and it will require immense skill to deliver it.  Rishi Sunak started his campaign as the stern guardian of the public purse, who refused to indulge in "fairy tales". But as Truss gained dramatically in the polls, he abandoned his rectitude. Not only has he made promises of cuts to income tax in the next Parliament and an imminent removal of VAT from energy bills, but he has also promised extra cash for hospital beds, NHS diagnostic hubs, an NHS taskforce, increased housing stock, a Channel small boats task force and new Department of Energy. But this has done nothing to strengthen his appeal. Margaret Thatcher once said that "everything a politician promises at election time has to be paid for either by higher taxation or increased borrowing". The bill for either of these candidates, but particularly Truss, could be a heavy one, just when the strain on the Treasury is at its most intense. One recent analysis of the contest revealed Truss and Sunak have made 144 pledges between them, four times higher than in 2019 when Boris Johnson defeated Jeremy Hunt. The economy requires a comprehensive strategy, not a catalogue of inducements. "You're in the same party. You should be able to work out some unifying policy," said the financial guru Martin Lewis, voicing his despair at the lack of vision on energy prices. Sadly, amid all the shallow manoeuvring, it looks like his words are falling on deaf ears.