While the 37-year-old is best known as an award-winning comedian and actress, Jayde Adams enjoys focusing on a very different passion outside of her work. The soon-to-be Strictly contestant is currently renovating a period property in the heart of her hometown, but where exactly is it? Here’s a look inside the stand-up star’s home life and property portfolio.  Jayde Adams is a British comedian, writer, singer, and actress who started to out with stand-up comedy in 2011. Despite traveling across the country and spending a significant amount of time in London for her work, Jayde has since reconnected with her roots in South West England. Now living in Bedminster, Bristol where she was born and raised, the TV star is working towards a new goal of completing the renovations on her unique period property. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing fans in frenzy over eighth announcement Jayde’s dedication to her passion project is evident with the property having its very own Instagram account to document the transformation. The comedian has even named her home “The Poole House”, in a nod to its long history. With the rooms still empty, Jayde has her work cut out for her with lots getting done inside after 40 years of the building being left untouched. According to The Poole House Instagram page, the performer’s future-home was was built in 1895 and is a Victorian-style terrace. The comedian is not currently living in the house, though she has expressed her excitement to finally move in once it is ready. It is thought that Adams is living nearby while working on the property, with her family and friends on hand to help with the work. In a sweet post to update her followers on her progress, Jayde wrote: “My patient father is project managing all of this for me (basically acting as a translator between me and the builder.) “Conveniently, he was a buildings engineer (my entire family is helping with this house) and he’s asking me questions like 'what radiators do you want?' And I’m like 'Well what would a bedroom that is meant to feel like a cloud have?'” The property features an eclectic mix of Moroccan-inspired pink and green decor while many of the original features including a glass stained window and stunning fireplace have been kept intact. DON'T MISS:Where does Will Mellor live? Inside his Cheshire home [INSIGHT]Inside Kym Marsh’s stunning £500,000 Cheshire home [REVEAL]Ellie Taylor slams Strictly curse as she's 9th celeb confirmed [ANALYSIS] Jayde’s return to Bristol in September 2021 marked 10 years since she moved to London to pursue her talents on stage. Now back in the “city she loves”, the iconic comedian has been branded a “rare Bristolian voice on Primetime TV”, as published in the Bristol Post. Jayde has appeared in a number of popular TV shows as a comedy panelist and actress, on several major channels. Since making her TV debut in December 2015 on Russell Howard's A Gert Lush Christmas, Adams went on to appear alongside Lenny Henry, Miranda Hart, Dawn French, Graham Norton, and David Tennant to perform stand-up for Red Nose Day in 2017. Later in 2019, Jayde ventured into the world of streaming when she starred in Good Omens on Amazon Prime. Her own stand-up special named Serious Black Jumper hit Amazon Prime in 2020, making her the fifth British comedian to get an Amazon original comedy since 2019. Other projects Jayde has worked on include Alma’s Not Normal, The Outlaws on BBC One, and an upcoming ITV2 series Ruby Speaking.