The Duke, 37, and Duchess, 41, announced on Monday they would make the trip back across the pond for the second time this year. They will visit the UK and Germany to support "several charities close to their hearts", the couple's spokesperson said. The couple will attend the One Young World Summit in Manchester on September 5, for which Prince Harry is a counsellor. The event celebrates youth leadership, with young ambassadors travelling into the city from all over the world. They will make a stop off in Dusseldorf to mark one year until the next Invictus Games event, before returning back again to UK soil. The Duke and Duchess will then make an appearance at the WellChild Awards on September 8. A spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." This visit is likely to overlap with the Queen's trip down to the capital to swear in the new Prime Minister. Outgoing Conservative leader, Boris Johnson, confirmed he would formally tender his resignation on September 6. The Queen, who is reportedly cutting short her Balmoral summer break, will then return to swear in the winner of the Conservative leadership race. READ MORE: Kate and William downsize to modest four-bed  Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss will be announced as the winner following a vote by Conservative members that closes on September 2. A source told the Daily Mail: "Her Majesty does not expect the new prime minister to travel to Scotland, so the plan is that the Queen will travel down to see them." However, the trip is unlikely to serve as a sign of thawing relations between the Firm and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, a royal expert has told Express.co.uk. Professor Pauline MacLaran, of Royal Holloway, University of London, suggested that the trip will likely have sentimental value for Harry, but would not indicate a return to the royal fold. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen ROCKED by 'never ending scandal'- Harry looms [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle run for Democrats in 2024 election? [POLL]  Lady Louise teaches Princess Charlotte skill during Balmoral holiday [REPORT]  The co-author of 'Royal Fever' told Express.co.uk: "I think the announcement of their intended visits to the UK and Germany will certainly make for much speculation as to how much they will interact with other members of the Royal Family while they are here. "I think there’s little hint of rapprochement at this stage." She added that the couple are "likely to want to visit the Queen" for two reasons. Professor MacLaran explained this will be "not only because she’s Harry’s grandmother and has maintained affectionate ties with him, but also to assert themselves in this respect". She then added that the visit could also top up their associations with the Firm, despite the distance they have put between themselves and royal duties. She said: "Importantly such a visit reinforces their royal status, a status that is very important for their brand going forward."