Joanne Woodward, 92, married her husband, fellow actor Paul Newman in 1958. However, she sadly lost her husband to cancer on September 26, 2008. While her husband was living with cancer, the Hollywood actress was also on her own health journey. Woman's Health claimed: "Unfortunately, Joanne was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease in 2007, just days before her husband was diagnosed with terminal cancer, according to USA Today. "She was last reported to be living with her family in Connecticut." Similarly, an article written for Closer Magazine in February 2022, also cited the actress as having Alzheimer's. Closer said: "Today, Joanne, 91, who suffers from Alzheimer’s disease, still lives in the Westport home where Paul passed away in 2008 at age 83." READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may notice in the morning However, Woodward's family have remained silent about her health condition, and she has not been photographed publicly since 2013. The symptoms of Alzheimer's disease progress slowly over several years, according to the NHS. The health service said: "Sometimes these symptoms are confused with other conditions and may initially be put down to old age." The rate at which the disease progresses differs from person to person, and in some cases, other conditions can emphasise symptoms. Some of the most common early symptoms of Alzheimer's include: DON'T MISSAnn-Margret's 'devastating' fall and facial surgery [INSIGHT]Dementia: The signs in the tongue linked to grey matter loss [EXPLAINER]Britons turn to 'DIY dentistry' following 'dire' dentistry shortages [COMMENT] https://www.womenshealthmag.com/life/a40690567/joanne-woodward-the-last-movie-stars-now/ Some mood changes can also arise, such as increased anxiety or agitation, or periods of confusion. As Alzheimer's disease develops, memory problems will get worse. The NHS explained: "Someone with the condition may find it increasingly difficult to remember the names of people they know and may struggle to recognise their family and friends." As the condition progresses, people may increasingly become confused or disorientated. In many cases, people can start getting lost or forgetting the time or date. Obsessive, repetitive or impulsive behaviour can also occur, as well as delusions or paranoia. Some people might struggle to sleep and others may develop problems with their speech or language. The NHS said: "If you're worried about your memory or think you may have dementia, it's a good idea to see a GP. "If you're worried about someone else's memory problems, encourage them to make an appointment and perhaps suggest that you go along with them. "Memory problems are not just caused by dementia – they can also be caused by depression, stress, medicines or other health problems."