Brian McFadden, 42, looked unrecognisable as he shared a video on Instagram to show his painful allergic reaction to a bee sting. The former Westlife singer was met with plenty of support as he tried to find the funny side to his "botox and filler" look. Brian shared the video in view of his 315,000 Instagram followers, startling many. The singer is visibly swollen, with his cheeks, lips and tongue, tripled in size, leading the star to look unrecognisable. Finding the funny side to the situation, Brian shared the video where he sings I'm Sexy And I Know It, while he pulled funny faces. He captioned the post: "Stung by a bee and got an allergic reaction!!Owning that look! Free Botox and fillers!!!!! READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their shock over Brian's new look and wish him well. MrsJ2108 said: "Omg! I thought it was a filer. Get well soon!" NicolaFerguson45 added: "Omg I got stung by a wasp a few weeks back and had a terrible reaction. Well I thought I had until I saw you. "Take care sending love b****y insects and love." SheilaEllis.23 added: "That looks so painful! Hope you feel better soon xx." Brian also shared a video on his Instagram story of himself in the car on the way to the doctors. The singer continued to pull faces as he tried to laugh about the situation he was in. The video was captioned: "En route to the doctor with @brianmcfadden123 sting." This comes after Brian recently took to Instagram to share snaps of his daughter Molly's college graduation. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] Nicole Scherzinger supported by Andrew Lloyd Webber amid Lewis remarks [PICS] Gemma Atkinson hits back at 'garden police' amid hosepipe ban [COMMENT] The singer took to his Instagram last week to share some rare snaps of his and Kerry Katona's daughter on her special day. The first picture he shared was of Molly surrounded by all of her friends outside in the Trinity College courtyard. The final picture was of Molly and her classmates throwing up their graduation caps in the air. Brian captioned the heartwarming post: "So proud of my beautiful daughter Molly graduating today at Trinity College Dublin! @123_mollymc." Many social media users took to the post's comments to share their joy for the Brian's daughter. Robbied09 said: "Unreal achievement brother and well done Molly! Absolutely amazing and delighted for you brother @brianmcfadden." Sweetdaisy.mn1411 added: "Wow... congratulations @brianmcfadden123 proud father. Congratulations @123_mollymc, sending hugs.....all the way from philippines xxx." (sic) Brian was married to Kerry from 2002 until they divorced in 2006, with the pair sharing two daughters.