Barcelona star Sergino Dest has informed the La Liga giants he wants to join Manchester United, according to reports. The USA international is being linked at a time where Erik ten Hag is open to strengthening at full-back. And that’s despite the 52-year-old admitting Aaron Wan-Bissaka was likely to stay at the club. Manchester United have, publicly, said Wan-Bissaka could stay despite the 24-year-old falling behind Diogo Dalot when it comes to Ten Hag’s pecking order. The 52-year-old, speaking at a press conference ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Leicester on Wednesday, said: “Aaron will stay in. This squad we will go from September to minimum January.” However, Ten Hag also admitted United were open to late deals. He added: “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert.” One player being linked with United ahead of Thursday’s 11pm transfer deadline is Dest, who has been deemed surplus to requirements by Barcelona just two years after his arrival from Ajax. And Sport say the full-back has informed Barcelona he wants to move to Old Trafford in the next 24 hours or so. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Many have suggested United will only pounce for the 21-year-old should they manage to cut Wan-Bissaka loose, with the right-back linked with both Barcelona and Crystal Palace. Yet it appears the Red Devils could land Dest regardless of what happens with other members of their squad. The USA international, who previously played under Ten Hag in Amsterdam, has also been linked with a late move to fellow La Liga side Villarreal. However, Dest’s mind is made up and he prefers to join United instead. Yet while Barcelona have been open to offloading the American for financial reasons, it’s also claimed that the deal won’t be as beneficial to Xavi’s side as initially hoped for. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him There would reportedly be no fee paid, while the La Liga side would also have to keep on paying a percentage of Dest’s wages. It seems a loan deal is the only way such an operation can be carried out, with just over 24 hours of the transfer window remaining. And whether United end up making Dest their latest signing of the transfer window remains to be seen. Newcastle star Martin Dubravka has undergone a medical at the Red Devils’ Carrington training complex ahead of his move to Manchester, with the Slovakia international set to replace Dean Henderson. United announced on Tuesday that they’d reached a huge £84million agreement with Ajax for Antony, who will become the club’s second most-expensive signing of all time. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And, earlier in the summer, the Red Devils have snapped up the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro. Meanwhile, in his press conference, Ten Hag also addressed the future of Cristiano Ronaldo once again. The Portugal international is keen to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football, though there have been suggestions he’s coming round to the idea of staying put. And Ten Hag, when asked if he wanted Ronaldo to stay, said: “Yes of course. “We need quality players. You need more to cover all the games and keep the consistency going, that is what we strive for.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Ten Hag also opened up on team news ahead of United’s clash with Leicester. The Red Devils will be without Anthony Martial once again, with the France international making just one Premier League appearance so far this term. But Ten Hag has confirmed Victor Lindelof is back in training ahead of the showdown at the King Power Stadium. "Victor Lindelof is training with the team, we will see today how far he is but just one session he was in," said the 52-year-old. "He was two-three weeks out. Martial is not available." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here