Partner Track dropped today (August 26) on Netflix with all episodes arriving in one go. The show is an adaptation of Helen Wan’s best-selling 2013 novel The Partner Track with fans of The Bold Type, Suits, Sex and The City, and Emily in Paris likely to enjoy the show. Taking the lead is American-Korean actress, model and singer Arden Cho as the highly determined Ingrid Yun who has her sight set on becoming a partner at her law firm Parsons Valentine & Hunt. Cho, 37, is best known for her roles in Teen Wolf, Agents of Secret Stuff, Chicago Med, Miss 2059, and The Honor List. She is next going to be starring in a slew of other projects including Avatar: The Last Airbender, The Selection, Joon, and Flexx. In Partner Track, Ingrid vacillates between her former flame Jeff Murphy (played by Dominic Sherwood) and eligible bachelor Nick Laren (Rob Heaps). Viewers are left on tenterhooks as they try to figure out which one of them she will choose. READ MORE: Partner Track cast: Who is in the cast of Netflix series? Cho was previously linked to YouTuber, actor and comedian Ryan Higa with much speculation about the pair being an item. Speaking on his Off the Pill podcast back in 2019, Higa said about his relationship with Cho: “I am dating Arden, which most people had already known. We have been dating for a long time. “I mean, the thing is, we never said we’re going to hide it per se but we just didn’t feel it necessary to announce it. “We don’t want to make it like one of those channels where they just make their things about their relationships, it becomes messy. “I think it becomes, like it puts a strain, a different unnecessary pressure on the relationship.” Adding: “We didn’t try to hide it but we just didn’t announce it. A lot of people already knew.” He went on to detail their Valentine’s Day, saying they just went for dinner at a Brazilian steak place. However, it appears the two have since gone their separate ways in 2020 with reports suggesting she was with Higa from 2015 until 2020, according to Who’s Dated Who. According to the publication, she has been linked to American rapper Junoflo - real name Samuel Juno Park. Cho and Junoflo collaborated on the track Electrify which was released back in 2019 with the music video seeing the pair up close and personal. Given Cho and Higa were fairly private about their romance before, it’s likely the actress is going to remain so going forward with her personal life and relationships. The actress has been posting updates about her career and recently shared some behind-the-scenes shots with her 3.1 million followers. DON'T MISS...What happened to Robert Zane on Suits? [EXPLAINER]Did Harvey and Donna finally get together? [ANALYSIS]Where is Suits filmed? Where is it set? [INSIGHT] Along with snaps with her co-stars, Cho captioned the images: “We were crying in this photo before we were hugging. “Watch #PartnerTrack on @netflix to find out why! So much love for my cast, thanks for always making me laugh & Kimi + Ody for making Ingrid look good! We did it” She also posted a photo from Partner Track of Ingrid locking lips with her new beau Nick while her ex Murphy looked on in the background. Cho wrote alongside the picture: “Don’t we all love a little romance drama? This ones got some twists I promise you won’t expect! #PartnerTrack only on @netflix AUGUST 26th!.” Partner Track is streaming on Netflix now