A royal commentator has claimed the Duchess of Sussex “overshadowed” the tragic anniversary of Princess Diana’s death with the publication of an extensive interview with The Cut. The lengthy interview with Meghan Markle was published by the New Work magazine on Monday, attracting the attention of royal fans across the globe. Royal expert Charles Rae questioned the timing of the interview release, as the Duchess of Sussex ignited a media storm just days before the sensitive 25-year anniversary of Princess Diana’s passing.    Speaking to GB News on Tuesday, royal commentator Charles Rae suggested the startling and somewhat ambiguous comments made by Meghan had drawn focus away from remembering Princess Diana. Mr Rae said: “Tomorrow is a very poignant day in the royal calendar, it is the 25th anniversary of the death of Harry's mum. “Normally around this time they keep out of the way but she's just come in and destroyed that whole thing. “How must Harry be feeling that his mother's memory is going to be overshadowed by his wife and her comments?”    Mr Rae continued: “To turn around and say Harry told me 'I lost my father' is a disgraceful thing to say in my view.” He added: “She really has got to learn to curb her tongue.” There has been some confusion surrounding a vague comment made by the Duchess that appears to suggest there has been a severe deterioration in the relationship between Prince Harry and Prince Charles. Speaking to The Cut, Meghan said: “Harry said to me, ‘I lost my dad in this process.’ It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision.” Read more: 'Diana would never have left!' Paul Burrell in swipe at Sussexes Some royal commentators, including Mr Rae, have fumed over the notion that Meghan had revealed that Prince Harry felt he had “lost” the relationship he once shared with his father. However, other royal experts have suggested the ambiguous statement may have an alternative interpretation. Royal author Omid Scobie said: “I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan’s loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn’t want Harry to lose his.” In an exclusive article for Newsweek earlier this year, Prince Charles wrote that he was “proud” of both of his sons, speaking passionately about Prince Harry’s commitment to climate change. Don't miss: Meghan STILL whines on Royal Family she was only member of for 5 mins [COMMENT]Farage slams 'over-inflated' Meghan [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: 'Arrogant' Meghan 'one of most destructive' royals [REPORT] Wednesday will mark 25 years since the tragic passing of Princess Diana, a sombre occasion for the Royal Family. In previous years, Prince Harry and Prince William have often come together to remember their mother, although this year no official ceremony has been planned. The relationship between Prince Harry and his royal relatives is understood to have come under immense strain since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from royal duties in 2020. During the explosive 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey, Prince Harry suggested his relationship with Prince William was “space” as the brothers put distance between one another to ease family tensions. When asked about his relationship with his father, The Duke of Sussex said: “There’s a lot to work through there, I feel really let down.” Read next: Meghan Markle set to unleash private diary and unveil royal secretsKate and William accused of 'not reading the room' with house movePrincess Diana’s ‘armour’ wardrobe made her an icon of 20th centuryDiana’s childhood home contains touching tribute from Earl SpencerMeghan Markle tells of key moment treatment towards her 'shifted'