Trisha Goddard, 64, was left unable to move after the presenter fell down the stairs. The TalkTV host took to Instagram today and explained she was left "roaring in pain". The veteran host took to the picture-sharing site and shared a candid video from her hospital bed. The TalkTV presenter, who boasts 48,000 followers, joked she was "still alive" after her fall. She told fans: "I’ve just had 2 of the toughest weeks…. One where I was rushed to hospital for an emergency operation, literally roaring in pain. "But I’m still alive… just. I spent a week in hospital, was discharged on the Friday and with the help of Mother Morphine, did my 3 hour @talktv shows on Saturday and Sunday." READ MORE: Pat Carroll dead: The Little Mermaid star dies aged 95  The TV host added: "Oh, and filmed a piece for @60minutes9 midweek too! "On tomorrow’s show I’ll share what happened because I’m not out of the woods yet… "How @alexa99 saved my life…" She bravely returned to TalkTV for her weekend shows as she continues her recovery.  Trisha suffered a horror fall down the stairs and is Express.co.uk have been told the TalkTV presenter suffered a broken hip. Taking to her Instagram stories, the former Channel 5 star shared a photo of herself with a walking aid. She captioned the snap: "Current recovery mode." The legend presenter also shared a candid video from her hospital bed. DON'T MISS... Jennifer Lawrence, 31, flashes taut abs in crop top after giving birth[LATEST]Geri Horner and Mel C's Spice Girls reunion in England shirts at Euro[EURO]Britney Spears goes topless as she puts on sultry display[PICTURES] Trisha was swiftly inundated with messages of support, as celebrity pals and fans alike offered their well wishes. Loose Women's Kaye Adams wrote: "Sending my best wishes. Take it easy!" Lucrezia Millarini commented: "Trisha! Get well soon. Hope you’re ok." Dame Kelly Holmes penned: "Oh Yikes!!! I hope you are OK!" Matt Evers added: "Get well soon Trisha!" Her agent Jonathan Shalit confirmed the news and told Express.co.uk that Trisha had fallen down the stairs and was unable to move for three hours. Trisha confirmed to her agent she had a "broken hip" and required an emergency "semi hip replacement". The on-screen star spent a week in hospital following the fall and is now recovering.