Manchester United are reportedly eyeing Memphis Depay, five-and-a-half years after allowing the Netherlands international to depart. Links have come somewhat out of the blue, but it appears the 28-year-old returning to Old Trafford is now a genuine possibility. So Express Sport will now take a look at the four reasons John Murtough will have for pursuing the Netherlands international. Barcelona signed Depay last summer, with the forward arriving from Lyon. He then proceeded to be their joint-top goalscorer, netting 13 times across all competitions - the same amount Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang managed following his move in January. So that makes Depay, at £8.5million, a bargain. He was prepared to rip up his contract in order to join Juventus but, even if United pay a fee for him, it’s only a low one. In modern football, bargains are hard to come by. Depay, given his immense quality and goalscoring instincts, represents a good one. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers United previously signed Depay back in the summer transfer window of 2015, believing he’d be the heir to Cristiano Ronaldo’s throne. And though things admittedly didn’t work out, his knowledge of the Red Devils and what life is like with them makes him an attractive signing. Depay won’t be overawed by wearing the red shirt again, having always had confidence in himself and his ability. He also won’t be afraid to walk out in front of a packed out Old Trafford, while there will be people still at the club from his previous spell there. That means Depay should, theoretically, adjust to being back at the club with minimal effort required. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Another reason United are eyeing Depay is because he’s a completely different player than the one they had before. Whereas that version of the forward was petulant and was guilty of some poor decision-making, both on and off the field, this incarnation is far maturer and wiser. Depay really did evolve during his time with Lyon, establishing himself as one of the best players in French football. And he was impressive for Barcelona last term, especially when you consider how he had to replace Lionel Messi - which is no easy task. Depay’s goalscoring statistics have improved, too, which again makes him an attractive proposition. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Depay is a modern forward, meaning he’s capable of playing anywhere across a front three. Previously in his career, he was a winger. But he’s since played as a centre-forward for both club and country, meaning he’s perfect for Erik ten Hag’s system. Depay would be able to be fluid alongside the likes of Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford - having previously played alongside the latter during his first stint at the club. Anthony Elanga and Anthony Martial, too, would be good team-mates for the former PSV Eindhoven star. So that’s a fourth reason why United may be tempted by a deal, with talk of a return continuing to gather momentum. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United have signed four players so far this summer. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the Netherlands international joining from Feyenoord having previously looked likely to join Lyon. Christian Eriksen then followed, ending his short spell at Brentford in favour of moving to Old Trafford on a free transfer. Lisandro Martinez was United’s third signing, with the former Ajax star rejecting Arsenal’s advances in order to play under Ten Hag again. And United recently landed Casemiro from Real Madrid, paying a huge £60million for the Brazil international. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here