Matt Goss, 53, is set for one of the biggest years of his career following his return to the UK from Las Vegas to release new music and star in the upcoming series of Strictly Come Dancing. Matt’s most notable success to date came from his time in the band, Bros, alongside his twin brother Luke. In Bros, the siblings sold millions of records and amassed a large fanbase with songs including When Will I Be Famous and I Owe You Nothing.Following chart success in the 1980s, the band split in 1992 and Matt and Luke went their separate ways professionally.They did not perform together until almost 30 years later when they took to the stage for two dates as Bros at London’s O2 Arena.On top of this, the band attracted a whole new fanbase with their documentary, Bros: After the Screaming Stops, which documented rehearsals and the lead-up to the show. READ MORE:Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Matt credited the documentary with “broadening” his fanbase and attracting a younger crowd to his shows. He said: “I have been getting new fans so I hope that continues. I have definitely been noticing a younger crowd as well as my regular fans.“If you come to any of my gigs, you’ll see that it is very diverse. I was on the street the other day and a 19-year-old fella said he is a massive fan who loved the [documentary] and has gotten into my music.  “The documentary definitely broadened things.” The 2018 programme was a massive success and won awards at the BAFTAs, National Film Awards and Royal Television Society.When asked whether the siblings would make a second documentary, Matt hinted it could be a challenge to get Luke to “consider” it.He explained: “I think the only way that my brother would consider it would be if we filmed the making of a new album, not just the show.  “Doing a show together is one thing, but making music is a whole different beast and we have very different tastes in music.” DON'T MISSTV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son[NEWS]Prince Harry slammed by Karren Brady over private jet flight[LATEST]Ozzy Osbourne returns to the UK as he 'doesn't want to die in America'[INSIGHT] Matt has recently celebrated the release of his latest solo single, Are You Ready, which features on his new album, The Beautiful Unknown.When asked whether Luke is a fan of his new work, Matt gushed: “Yeah, he loves my music. He loves my new single and he thinks the next single is even bigger.”As for his fans, Matt says the new single has been so well-received that it has been compared to the likes of Michael Jackson and George Michael.He exclaimed: “They have been the main comparisons which is amazing. “I just wanted to write a song that was incredibly uplifting for people and made them feel good and energised.   “This was really just me wanting to write a song like, you know, inspiring songs like Fastlove by George Michael or Off The Wall by Michael Jackson.  “I wanted to tap into my musical loves and create a song that will lift people’s spirits.” Matt Goss's new single, 'Are You Ready' produced in association with Lewisham Records and Orbital Digital is out today. The euphoric dance-pop anthem is available to download on Spotify, iTunes and Deezer.