Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has explained how Cristiano Ronaldo will have devised a plan to snub former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher live on Sky Sports before the Red Devils’ 2-1 win over Jurgen Klopp’s side on Monday evening. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner interrupted the broadcast to speak with former United players Gary Neville and Roy Keane, but ignored former Reds defender Carragher. Ronaldo declined to speak to the cameras as he stopped Keane’s interview while the rest of the United squad were going through their pre-match warm-up, but Ferdinand was not shocked when the Portuguese striker snubbed Carragher after the former Liverpool man’s comments this summer. Carragher has been vocal that he believes United would be better off letting Ronaldo leave the club this summer, as the 37-year-old reportedly asked the club chiefs to consider any serious offers for the striker as he wants to play Champions League football this season. Ferdinand insisted that Ronaldo was aware of Carragher’s comments and he would have wanted to “humiliate” the ex-Liverpool defender. “I think Cristiano is very aware of the Liverpool-Man United rivalry,” Ferdinand told his Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE YouTube channel. “That would’ve been one of the things but knowing Cristiano, I know Jamie Carragher has been very vocal about [how] Cristiano’s the problem and stuff like that. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal “Trust me, Cristiano would’ve seen those comments and walked over there thinking ‘I’ll just let this guy know, he needs to calm down and humiliate him, show him up', whatever way you want to dress it up live on TV. Cristiano is very calculated, he knows what’s going on, he’s not somebody who sits at home and switches off. “I’ve always said, he uses social media, people’s comments as fuel to drive him on to be the best, he’s done that since he was a young kid. Anyone who spoke about him, he knew about it in the media. He mentioned to me once Gary Lineker because Lineker’s a massive [Lionel] Messi fan and I’m thinking ‘bro, you’re not even in this country, how are you seeing the footage?’ he knows everything. DON'T MISS...Frenkie de Jong shows his feelings on Casemiro to Man Utd transferMan Utd board’s meeting outcome as Murtough makes last De Jong pushAntony drops latest Man Utd transfer hint during Liverpool victory “For Jamie Carragher to continually call him out, he’s got his right to his own opinion, someone like Cristiano would take that personally and show it because he’s an emotional guy, his actions were no surprise to me. I found it funny, I found it hilarious to be honest.” Before the game, Ronaldo shook hands with both Neville and Keane, and Neville revealed the conversation he had with the United striker, but ignored Carragher. Sky Sports host David Jones joked at the former Liverpool man: "Nice conversation with you Jamie," Carragher replied: "Totally blanked!"