The Duchess of Sussex will likely celebrate privately her 41st birthday, which falls on August 4. However, as she is likely conscious special days such as this put the spotlight on her, Meghan may decide to channel the public attention on a cause close to her heart, according to brand and reputation management expert Eric Schiffer. The California-based commentator told Express.co.uk: "She wouldn't be the first to want to shed attention from her birthday onto the plight of others and that's right out of her textbook today, that's in her playbook. "That's a tactic that goes back centuries for those in positions of power to bequeath their spotlight to raise up others." He added: "So yes, I can see Meghan executing in that way." The Duchess launched a special initiative called 40x40 last year, to mark her 40th birthday. Meghan paired up with actress Melissa McCarthy to film a clip in which the Duchess' friend joked about the possible ways they could celebrate the milestone birthday. After being asked whether she was planning a Suits reunion or a yacht party to celebrate the special event, Meghan explained her initiative consisted in asking 40 of her friends to donate 40 minutes to mentor a woman trying to re-enter the workforce after losing her job due to the coronavirus pandemic. The Duchess noted more than two million women had lost their jobs during the Covid crisis in the US alone. She added her hope was to see this initiative create a "ripple effect" and involve a growing number of people. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma In a message shared on the website of Meghan and Prince Harry's organisation, Archewell, explaining more in-depth the project, the Duchess mentioned 40x40's three partners. One of these, Smart Works, has been collaborating with Meghan since January 2019, when she became its royal patron. The 40x40 initiative was backed by several celebrities, including Princess Eugenie. The Queen's granddaughter took to her Instagram Stories to express her support for this initiative and wish the Duchess a happy birthday. Her message read: "To celebrate dear Meghan's 40th birthday I'm contributing 40 minutes of mentorship to support women re-entering the workforce. "In the past two years, tens of millions of women around the world have departed the workforce. "If you can, please join me and commit 40 minutes to community, service or mentorship." The Duchess of Sussex has marked her past few birthdays in the company of her husband Prince Harry, whom she married in May 2018. In August 2018, she spent her 37th birthday attending the wedding of one of Harry's oldest friends, Charlie van Straubenzee, who married Daisy Jenks. This year, she will likely be in the US, where Meghan and Prince Harry have been living since the end of March 2020. The couple and their son Archie Harrison relocated to California just days before they officially stepped down as working members of the Firm. They have since built a new life for themselves as non-senior royals, launching in late 2020 their organisation Archewell - which includes a non-profit foundation and two production powerhouses. In late 2020, the Duke and Duchess also announced they had struck multi-year deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify with the aim to produce original and inspiring content. Meghan has since returned to England twice - in April, where she visited the Queen at Windsor Castle alongside Harry, and in June, to take part in the Royal Family's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple may return once again later this summer, as Her Majesty has reportedly invited the whole Sussex family to take a break with her at Balmoral Castle, her Scottish retreat.