The popular reality show first started back in 2000 and ran until 2018 when bosses decided it was time for it to come to an end. However, four years later Big Brother has been rumoured to be returning on a new channel which will also see a new host.  Originally, the show was hosted by Davina McCall when it was on Channel 4 between the years 2000 and 2010. It then moved across to Channel 5 which saw former winner Brian Dowling at the helm before Emma Willis took over in 2013 and continued as the main presenter until 2018 when it was axed. Over the past few months, there have been talks the reality show is getting a complete reboot and will be moving to broadcaster ITV. However, wanting it to be “totally new and fresh” it looks as though fans of Big Brother won’t be seeing any of the past presenters.    An insider told The Mirror: “It’s all about drawing in a young audience. “The aim is to get back to basics and interfere less, with fewer challenges.” It’s been reported a deal has finally been made with rights-owner Banijay after talks have been ongoing for months. Although fans will remember Big Brother being set at Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire, the return will see a new house and new location with housemates being ordinary people, not celebs.    Past presenters Davina, Emma and Rylan, who hosted Big Brother’s Bit on the Side, have shared their thoughts on the rumoured reboot. Rylan hasn’t held back on making it clear that he’d be up for getting involved. The Gogglebox star said he’ll be “a million percent” up for hosting the “biggest and best” reality TV show. Similarly, it’s said Davina is “very keen” to be involved.    However, Emma, who hosted the show until it was cancelled in 2018 welcomes a change in presenter. In the past, she said it should be a “new era, new host". Big Brother star Alison Hammond, who now hosts ITV’s This Morning has shared her interest in starring in the reboot.   Appearing on the Late-ish Show with Mo Gilligan, she threw her name into the ring for potential presenters. When asked if she’d be up for fronting it, she replied: “‘I think so. “They need to change it up a bit. We’ve got to put it out there in the universe. “Let’s make it happen!’” 