Liverpool have seen their hopes of landing Ruben Neves before Thursday's transfer deadline dashed after Wolves manager Bruno Lage admitted he is "99 per cent" sure the Portuguese midfielder will stay at Molineux this summer. Neves has been heavily linked with a move to Anfield in recent days after Reds boss Jurgen Klopp declared his side will now look to add a midfielder to their ranks before Thursday's deadline. Having spent most of the summer dismissing suggestions Liverpool are in need of new midfield additions, Klopp made a sensational U-turn last week, admitting he was "wrong" and that the Reds do in fact need to delve back into the transfer market over the coming days. Neves has since emerged as a potential target, however, Liverpool's hopes of striking a late deal for the 25-year-old appear to have been short-lived. Following Wolves' 1-1 draw with Newcastle on Sunday - a match in which Neves struck a long-range screamer - Lage put to bed speculation surrounding his star midfielder's future by insisting he is “99 per cent” confident of hanging on to his skipper, who was unsettled at the start of the summer. Lage said: “I’m 99 per cent certain he will stay for one more year. He’s happy here and committed.” But while Lage was all but certain Neves will stay for the final year of his contract, the player himself has issued a more ambiguous update on his future. In an interview with The Times, the Wolves star said: “Well, let’s see what happens. READ MORE: 'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to caution "I try to focus 100 per cent on my football and I had a good start to the season but we need results now. If you ask me at the end of last season I would have said to you, ‘I will leave’ but I’m still here, so we never know what’s going to happen.” Amid interest from the likes of Manchester United, Arsenal and Tottenham at the start of the summer, Neves is understood to have made clear his desire to embark on a new challenge. Lage had previously issued a hands-off warning over the 30-time Portugal international by slapping a £100million price tag on his head. DON'T MISS...'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to cautionLiverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to UnitedLiverpool might find fix to midfield problems in 'next Luka Modric' While the Wolves boss was adamant Neves would be staying put over the next few days, he admitted the same cannot be said for centre-back Willy Boly, who went AWOL on Saturday in a bid to force through an exit from Molineux. Wolves rejected a £1m bid from Nottingham Forest for the Frenchman last week. Lage said: “He has a proposal in his hands and he wants to go. That’s my feeling when I talk to him. I’ve said to him ‘look I understand you want to move, but you need to understand that I need to put you in the squad, I need a top player like you on the bench’. After that he made his own decision.”