Launched to tighten up the mortgage market and prevent any repeats of the mortgage mis-selling scandal that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis, the mortgage affordability “stress test” has been a significant obstacle for borrowers since 2014. But now, despite soaring inflation rates, the Bank of England has withdrawn the test. The Bank of England has taken this decision as a means to cut red tape on the mortgage approval process and remove one of the many barriers between prospective borrowers and lenders. The test was used by lenders to establish whether prospective buyers could afford monthly remortgage payments on the cost of the property. To do this, lenders not only had to work out whether buyers could afford the current cost of the mortgage, but also if they could still afford repayments if interest rates were to increase to three percent. Borrowers who could not prove they could manage financially with the increase might have been turned down for a loan, even if they could afford the current mortgage. Following a review earlier in the year, the BoE decided to get rid of this test and just keep the loan to income (LTI) ‘flow limit’ with the wider assessment of affordability instead, as a way to deliver “the appropriate level of resilience to the UK financial system, but in a simpler, more predictable and more proportionate way.”  READ MORE: House price forecast: Will Tory leadership race impact housing market  The withdrawal of the test was announced in June, but it has come into effect as of Monday, August 1. But how does this change affect your chances of getting on the market? Claire Flynn, mortgages expert at money.co.uk said: “Given the cost of living crisis, the removal of the requirement for an affordability test likely comes as good news to many. That’s because it could allow more people to get on the ladder as they can take out larger mortgages. “However, borrowers will still need to meet the loan-to-income ratio, which could still prevent some from getting the mortgage they require to buy a home. “There is also a risk that with fewer restrictions, some buyers will take out loans that they are unable to afford. That’s why it’s integral to plan ahead to make sure you don’t commit to a repayment plan that you can’t manage.”  There are a number of ways to plan ahead and give yourself a good buffer to budget effectively for your mortgage. Naturally, budgeting wisely comes first. Ms Flynn said: “Making a list of all your regular outgoings will help you find areas to cut back so you can save more money for your repayments. “One way of cutting back is to try and find better deals with your day-to-day providers to help cut costs across monthly bills.” DON'T MISS: House prices map: 4 key areas where property costs have fallen [ANALYSIS]Property: 4 kitchen features that can ‘dramatically’ devalue your home [INSIGHT]House prices: Latest Rightmove data reveals ‘challenges’ for buyers [EXPLAINED]     This comes as no surprise to many, but when buying a home, the deposit and mortgage repayments aren’t the only areas to consider.  Ms Flynn said: “It’s also important to be aware of all the costs that come with purchasing a property and make sure you have the money you need for this. As well as your deposit, you’ll need to pay legal fees, mortgage fees, the cost of furnishing your home and more. “These costs can add thousands to the real-world cost of your property. This is why it’s always worth taking a look at what’s on offer and comparing deals to ensure you choose the right mortgage for you.” If you have enough savings, Ms Flynn advised considering putting down a larger deposit as a means to save on interest rates. For example, a 10 percent deposit will give you a wider choice of mortgage providers and deals, while a five percent deposit mortgage means you can put down less money upfront, but often the interest rate will be higher. There are several Government schemes that can help you with your first home purchase.  A Lifetime ISA can help you save for a deposit, with a 25 percent tax-free cash bonus added to the amount you put away. Ms Flynn said: “If you meet the eligibility criteria, you can apply for the First Homes Scheme, which offers a 30 percent discount on the market value of new build homes. "You might also be able to get a Help to Buy equity loan to help with the purchase of a new build property, but this scheme ends in March 2023 and reservations have to be made by the end of October to be eligible." Ms Flynn said: “Buying your first home can be a stressful experience, but a detailed review of your finances can ensure you create a realistic budget and choose the right mortgage for you.” 