British actor John Steiner, who was a former Royal Shakespeare Company actor, made a name for himself playing villains, including in the film Caligula. His death was confirmed by his longtime business partner, Joan Yarfitz. According to the Sheriff's Office, the star had been living in La Quinta in California and died at the Desert Regional Medical Center in Palm Springs. Desert Sun reports that a second person involved in the crash also suffered major injuries and police are still investigating the incident. He was best known for playing the roles of villains, with his standout role coming in the 1979 film Caligula. He portrayed the character Longinus, who was a financial advisor to the mad Roman Emperor Caligula, played by Malcolm McDowell. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty reacts to BBC co-star's promotion amid show absence Following the news of his death, tributes have poured in on social media as fans offered their condolences. Bake Off host Matt Lucas penned: "Very sad news. I met John Steiner when he was working in LA as a realtor. He was utterly charming and very modest, as I bombarded him with questions about his impressive acting career." Fans also offered their condolences, as Twitter user, @flixology penned: "RIP John Steiner - a familiar face in Italian cinema from the 60s, 70s and 80s - safe travels." @lschibi commented: "John Steiner ruled every scene he was in. RIP BEAUTY SMITH." @PGVeniceJones remarked: "RIP to the legendary John Steiner, a man who worked with almost everyone in practically every genre imaginable. Memorable as Daria Nicolodi's husband in SCHOCK, and a splendidly slimy turn in TENEBRE; but the guy added a touch of class to everything he was in." @Stacespiria wrote: "So sad to hear of John Steiner passing, he was such a memorable part of so many Italian films I grew up on." Steiner was born in Chester, Cheshire, in 1941 and attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art before joining the RSC. During his heyday in the 1970s, he began acting in Italy and portrayed villains, including Nazi officers, in action films. DON'T MISS... Heidi Klum, 49, almost bares too much in teeny leopard print bikini[LATEST]Demi Moore, 59, poses in plunging swimsuit showing off figure[PICTURES]Marilyn Monroe's embarrassing encounter with Queen[ROYALS] He played the role of Longinus, the balding financial advisor to the mad Roman Emperor Caligula, played by Malcolm McDowell. Other roles included a part in Stanley Donen's Bedazzled and Peter Hall's Work Is a 4-Letter Word. Steiner continued to act through the 1980s but found his roles reduced to cameos. He retired in 1991 and moved to California, where he became a real estate agent based in Beverly Hills.