Chelsea summer signing Kalidou Koulibaly has revealed that he attempted to call John Terry to ask for permission to wear the No 26 shirt next season. However, the phone call did not go to plan as the former England international hung up on Koulibaly, suspecting it was a fake call. Koulibaly joined the Blues from Napoli this summer in a deal worth £32.5million and has been tasked with preventing the club’s departures from feeling significant. Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger both left Stamford Bridge at the end of the season when their contracts expired, amidst takeover controversy. But with Todd Boehly now at the helm of Chelsea, signing replacements for the pair has been the priority. And Koulibaly attempted to get off on the right foot with Chelsea by asking club legend Terry if he would be able to take his number at the club. He explained: “The team manager told me some numbers, but he didn't tell me the 26, so I asked, and he said that John left it in 2017 and nobody had taken it from that time. I was asking whether it was retired or if nobody wanted to take it. I asked Gianfranco Zola, who I know well because we have the same person working on our business in Italy, I asked him for the number for John because I wanted to ask him about the jersey. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer “He gave me the number directly, and I called him. In the beginning, he didn't believe it was me. He thought it was a joke, so he put down the phone and called the team manager to ask if it was really me.” Koulibaly wore the No 26 whilst he was at Napoli, with it being his preferred choice as he and his wife are born on June 20 (20/6). He continued: “When he told me yes, I was really happy because I know what he did for the club, the supporters, and the city here. It was very important for me to ask him and he gave me his answer.” READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activityMan Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer Thomas Tuchel’s defence next season will be considerably different to the one that he finished the previous campaign with. The Blues are working on a deal to sign versatile defender Marc Cucurella currently, with academy graduate Levi Colwill going in the opposite direction – though in a separate deal. Boehly and Tuchel are also keen to acquire the services of Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana, who is valued at £80million by the Foxes. The 21-year-old was ruled out for the majority of last season after a serious leg break, but finished the campaign strongly with several eye-catching performances.