Tom Heap was investigating whether or not the UK needed to try and eliminate grey squirrels due to the amount of damage they cause to trees in woodland areas. Although Countryfile fans were not pleased with the presenter’s approach on the topic with some viewers taking to Twitter to vent their frustrations. Informing viewers that there's a “conflict” currently happening in the countryside, Tom spoke to experts to find out how they can combat the issue of squirrels destroying the trees. Although with the suggestion of trying to cut back on the amount of grey squirrels that are born each year, viewers were not impressed. On Twitter, PontWan said: “Here comes doom and gloom. Time to grab those anti-depressants… #countryfile squirrels and deer the enemy now.” Outspok03350812 added: “Any chance of a glimpse of positivity? #countryfile @BBCCountryfile”However, UndecidedMS commented: “I’m a big thumbs up for #greysquirrel control! They are a nightmare and had a loft invasion in the past. You can put the birth control trap in my garden anytime!"     Official Gffcontwitch said: “People who go around killing off animals and wildlife to fix country issues, have blood on their hands for life, there needs to be a better law, to cover the handling and treating of wildlife and animals, and if anyone is caught killing them, they should be jailed #countryfile” During the episode, Tom told viewers that trees are under “sustained attack” with an estimated 2.7 million grey squirrels across the UK. The Countryfile host added according to the Royal Forestry Society, there is no sign of the destruction caused by the animals slowing down. Speaking to forester John Wilding, who is responsible for 1,900 hectares of mixed woodland in Devon, he gave an insight into the growing issue.    He said: “It’s a slow road crash, but I see in my career of 40 years in forestry, very little to no recruitment of vulnerable native broad-leafs to become the big forest trees of the future.” Showing viewers a recent tree that had been planted earlier this year, John commented that the grey squirrels have already stripped the bark completely which means it’ll eventually die. Speaking to Tom, he said: “It is the biggest challenge facing native broad-leaf trees and has been for the last 20 or 30 years. “My predecessor planted quite a large area of oak and that is 100 per cent failure 20 years later, all the oak has been taken out, to a tree, over 100 acres.”    Being called an “invasive species” Tom highlighted most forests try to control the number of squirrels with traps, guns and the introduction of predators. Wandering further into the forest, John said they were going to a part of the estate where there was an “intensive squirrel-control programme". He said: “We’re using a combination of spring traps in boxes, and a combination of rifle shooting.” When the BBC host asked if all those methods result in the animal dying, John confirmed that was the case.   He said: “This is lethal control by a number of means in a very concentrated area.” Elsewhere in the show, Tom looked at how some people are trying to stop squirrels from damaging the forests by limiting how many are born rather than killing them. In order to stop them from flourishing, the Countryfile host spoke to Kay Haw who is introducing squirrel contraception. Speaking about the idea, she told viewers they’re designing an oral contraceptive that will go in feeding hoppers that only the creature will be able to get into. Countryfile continues on BBC One on Sunday at 7 