As Britons face soaring energy bills due to the skyrocketing costs of wholesale gas, the UK is scrambling to find a way to reduce those bills and ease some pressure. A number of solutions have been proposed, from scrapping VAT and boosting energy supplies to issuing sweeping market reforms. Now, Octopus Energy and the National Grid have come up with a new solution, as they announced the first successful integration of vehicle-to-grid technology (V2G) for the first time in the UK.  With this technology, electric vehicle owners can effectively turn their car into a battery pack that can power their home “off-grid”. The technology would charge their EV during off-peak hours when demand is low and electricity is cheaper. By acting as a reserve of electricity, the vehicle could then power the home during peak hours of the day, when electricity is expensive. According to a statement from Octopus, this marked the first time that V2G technology has been demonstrated in the UK, to show that electric vehicles can receive a direct signal from the ESO to support system balancing.  They said: “It marks a major turning point in electricity supply and means that in the future, consumers could play a direct role in balancing the national transmission system through their electric vehicles.” Conducting a series of tests over the past month, the energy supplier studied the batteries of up to 20 EVs by charging them and discharging them to the Grid at times of imbalance. They found that by sending power back to the Grid, a million EVs could generate as much power as 5,500 onshore wind turbines. Separate analysis from Octopus Electric Vehicles found that taken for the whole, EVs could save Britons a combined £62million a year on their energy bills. READ MORE: Octopus Energy hands lifeline to thousands of Brits Even those who don’t own an EV would save through grid balancing reduction costs. Further Octopus analysis shows customers could realise a potential saving of up to £840 per year, compared to unscheduled charging on a flat rate tariff. Several large car brands - including Hyundai and Volkswagen - have committed to including V2G technology in their new EVs, further emphasising the potential of the technology. Claire Miller, Director of Technology and Innovation at Octopus Electric Vehicles, comments: “This is a real ‘line in the sand’ moment for V2G tech. “We have shown that this technology is capable of helping to balance our future, green grid, to the benefit of people and the planet. DON'T MISS: Driver fury: Britons feel FORCED to make ‘expensive’ switch as ‘imp... [REVEAL] Sulphur shortage threatens food security and green technologies [REPORT] We don’t need EU! UK firms handed Brexit boost through new US and A... [INSIGHT]