The scheme is hugely underused with only 1.2 percent of those eligible taking up the deal. Claimants either don’t know about the discounts or are put off by the hassle of having to do the application. From tomorrow, the DWP is introducing a scheme to make it easier for people to access the discounts. All the UK broadband user will have to do is tell their ISP that they want to be considered for a cheaper plan. The provider will then verify whether the customer receives benefits and which one they receive. The new system will also make the process easier by removing the need for customers to prove their entitlement to broadband providers as regularly as every month. READ MORE: Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000   BT, Sky and Virgin Media are offering plans from just £15 a month, with the standard plans at around £25. Digital Secretary, Nadine Dorries, said: "Social tariffs are vital for families struggling with bills, keeping them connected even in tough times. "Our discussion with broadband companies led to the range of social tariffs on the market today and we've secured a raft of new cost of living commitments from them to ensure help is available for anyone that needs it. “I urge anyone concerned about falling behind on payments to contact their supplier to see what support is available."   Here's what a person could pay if they are eligible: READ MORE: Dom Littlewood advocates energy 'tricks' that could save you £270 The benefits that the DWP’s new system will be able to verify entitlement for are: Sky is currently offering free broadband for three months, for people who switch from rivals such as BT and Virgin Media. The deal applies to the group’s Superfast service which has speeds of around 60Mbps, enough to stream Netflix and make Zoom calls. Customers will have to sign up for an 18-month contract, with the first three months free, with £30.50 to pay for the remaining 15 months. Sky, BT and Virgin offer their broadband services across large parts of the UK but there may be other deals with smaller suppliers.