Biographer Tom Bower released his book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war with the Windsors last month. The author made a series of explosive claims in the book and it is suggested that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will be furious with some of the claims made. Speaking on a recent episode of Palace Confidential, the Mail on Sunday's editor-at-large Charlotte Griffiths discussed the Sussexes' feelings about the book. Ms Griffiths said: "They will be going apoplectic about this book. "They'll probably just say, 'oh, it's just noise in public' but, you know, they will be reading every single word". She added: "They've probably finished it by now. "They probably asked Sunshine Sachs to get someone to read it as well and, to go throught, and see where they can, you know, get their lawyers out. READ MORE: Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life after 'dumbfounded' meeting The unofficial biography makes a set of bombshell claims about the rift between Harry and Meghan, and the rest of the Royal Family. Tom Bower claimed that he decided to pen the book after the Sussexes interview with Oprah Winfrey, which aired in March 2021. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not made any comments about the book. In the book, Mr Bower claimed Harry was branded "f***ing nuts" for dating Meghan by his Eton pals. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry SILENT after Lionesses triumph while royals celebrate historic win During Meghan's first meeting with Harry's friends, they made jokes 'involving sexism, feminism and transgender people ricocheted around the living-rooms and dining-rooms" to which Meghan "without hesitation" challenged them on their opinions. Mr Bower explained that Harry "had not anticipated Meghan's reaction". Following the incident, some of Harry's Eton pals allegedly raised concerns about Meghan's "wokery". DON'T MISS In Bower's book, he also claims that Meghan did make Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge cry during a dress fitting ahead of Meghan's wedding to Prince Harry. Bower claimed that unnamed sources said Kate was upset after a disagreement over whether the bridesmaids should wear tights. During the Sussexes' 2021 interview with Oprah, Meghan claimed it was the other way around and that Kate made her cry. During the interview, Meghan said: "She [Kate] was upset about something, but she owned it, and she apologised. And she brought me flowers". READ NEXT: