If a person wants to lose weight, they need to be in a calorie deficit, which means they're burning more calories than they are consuming. There are two ways to do this - changing what and how much a person eats and exercising. Doctors and nutritionists recommended in order to see a healthy weight loss that people should combine the two. But experts at Healthline pointed out there are some common mistakes people make when trying to shift the pounds. Regularly eating fewer calories than the body requires can cause other side effects such as fatigue, which in turn will impact energy levels and motivation. They state that people following calorie-restricted diets may also experience a lack of iron, folate or vitamin B12. Before beginning a calorie deficit, there are other things to consider than just eating less. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake While a calorie deficit means a person is eating fewer calories than they are exerting, it's still very important to consume the right amount of foods and calories the body needs to function healthily. When people eat less than they need, the body starts to break down muscle to use for energy, which can impact metabolism by slowing it down. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] For weight loss, nutrition is key so people need to ensure they are eating foods that provide the right nutrition. One food might be the same amount of calories as another, but the nutritional values are what counts. Despite eating fewer calories, this doesn't mean a person should be skipping meal times. Experts advise correctly spreading a person's calorie allowance throughout the day, allowing a retain amount for different meals. Skipping meals in order to have an unhealthy, high-calorie one won't promote weight loss. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Don't underestimate the power of exercise. Not only is it good for a person's physical health, but their mental health too. Specific activities burn more calories than others, so choose wisely depending on future goals. With all this in mind, sticking to a routine is another story. Consistency really is the key to losing weight in a healthy way, and over time people will see results through eating the right foods, the right amount of calories and engaging in the right workouts.