Prince William, as the President of the FA, attended the final of the UEFA Women’s Championship on Sunday evening. Many royal fans assumed he would take avid football fan, Princess Charlotte, seven. However, he appeared to attend the victorious match alone.  Earlier in the day, the Duke of Cambridge tweeted a video with his seven-year-old daughter wishing the Lionesses good luck. In the recorded message, the Duke said: “We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. “You’ve done amazingly well in the competition and we are rooting for you all the way.” Filmed beside her dad in a garden, Charlotte added: “Good luck, I hope you win”.  READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage Smiling at the camera, she then waved and said “bye”. William had previously visited the Lionesses in training and revealed that Charlotte is an avid football fan and wanted to meet the footballers. He is often “besotted” when talking about his daughter, according to a body language expert. Judi James, a body language professional, previously told Express.co.uk: “William’s body language as he talks about his daughter is bashful, self-effacing, playful and, of course, besotted.  “He keeps his head down and raises one hand as though allowing or acknowledging a sense of dominance from Charlotte. “This is of course a joke, but which hints at her growing confidence that we saw at the Jubilee celebrations where she was busy correcting her brothers and even checking out Camilla’s handbag.” What does this say about the Duke’s style of parenting? Judi opined: “William is clearly allowing for the fact that his daughter is growing up and learning to be assertive and we can see the pride on his face along with the more playful expression.  READ MORE: Why Prince Andrew and Fergie's £15million marital home was demolished “It’s a similar part-joking, loving tone he takes when he tells people Kate will be ‘getting broody’ etc.” How is this similar to Prince Harry’s style of parenting? Judi added: “William and Harry share this trait of ongoing, very open affection for their children which, although it is common among all dads, might be more unusual with royals. “Royals will often prefer to be more private about their emotions as parents.”  Why are William and Harry more emotive parents than the average royal? Judi suggested: “It seems to have been taken from Diana’s example of parenting. “Harry clearly idolises his two children, referring to them at every opportunity. “Often in formal ways too, citing Archie as inspiration for some of his causes and campaigns during some of his speeches. “Both brothers seem to have been transformed in some ways by their roles as fathers, keen to discuss the legacy they will be leaving their children.” 