They are urging the Government to introduce affordable, legal lending after “an explosion” in borrowing from illegal lenders. This comes as the Government-funded Illegal Lending Money Team, known as Stop the Loan Sharks, says “for the first time” its credit is funding food and electricity rather than “one-off” expenses such as a broken washing machine.   Stop the Loan Sharks helps thousands of people each year. Of the 300 it helped in recent months more than half asked for loans to pay for every day living expenses including food and fuel. There are now 1.08 million people borrowing from a loan shark, recent research from think tank the Centre for Social Justice shows. This is over 700,000 more than the official estimate. This increase occurred before the cost-of-living crisis and dramatic rise in fuel costs. Dr Jodi Gardner, author of a new book – The Future of High-Cost Credit: Rethinking Payday Lending – has been following the trend. Based on similar increases in demand for short-term credit after the 2007-8 global financial crisis, as many as 10 million people could soon be pushed into illegal loans. The Cambridge University law lecturer said: “The Government needs to be aware there is no safety net for many who cannot get legal credit. “People will not be able to afford to heat their homes or buy food without credit and the most vulnerable will not get access to legal credit. “We’re going back to the times of the Victorian era with increasing need for food banks, warm banks and money lenders yet we are one the richest countries in the world. “Over 90 percent of lone parents are likely to be in fuel poverty this winter and over 86 per ent of pensioner couples. It is a catastrophe waiting to happen.” She added government moves to toughen up on legal high-cost lending together with austerity measures led to increased financial exclusion.  Dr Gardner said: “These loans were harmful but nowhere near as dangerous as from illegal lenders.” Cath Williams, at Stop the Loan Sharks, said: “Loan sharks initially pretend to be a friend but then they bribe or use violence or coercive control to get back the money with huge interest repayments. “But what do you do when your children are hungry and no authority will lend you money?” NHS leaders have warned of a “humanitarian crisis”. The NHS Confederation outlined concerns that unaffordable energy bills could lead to a public health emergency, placing a high demand on NHS services. The Treasury said: “We condemn any violence and blackmail unleashed by loan sharks on communities, which is why we have increased funding for the Illegal Money Lending Teams by more than a third in the last five years. “We are committed to supporting affordable finance by legislating to allow credit unions to offer a wider range of products and services, unlocking £100million of dormant asset funding for Fair4All Finance and providing £3.8million to help consumers in vulnerable circumstances meet unexpected costs.”  Mother-of-five Becky, from Teesside, borrowed just £50 from a loan shark to buy school uniforms and ended up paying back approximately £35,000 over eight years. Becky, 44, said she took the money from a woman who came to the door – even though she would need to pay back £100. The mum settled the debt within a week but quickly began borrowing more – at 100 percent interest. Becky said: “I was desperate. Someone was waving the cash in my face and it seemed like easy money but I didn’t realise the dangers.” “She was taking hundreds a week off me and I had to resort to using food banks.” 