The alert came from forecasters at the US National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), who said the Earth is about to pass through a high-speed stream of solar wind. This phenomenon, Spaceweather.com has reported, is the result of “gaseous material flowing from a southern hole in the Sun’s atmosphere.” Such “coronal holes” — which appear as dark areas in extreme ultraviolet and X-ray images — are regions where the Sun’s plasma is cooler and less dense than that surrounding it thanks to the star’s magnetic field extending out into space as an open field. According to NOAA, the geomagnetic storm that will result from Earth’s encounter with the stream of solar wind will be relatively minor — and classified only as a G1 event. This is the smallest category in the five-point G-scale used to classify geomagnetic storms. As a G1 storm, tomorrow's episode has the potential to have minor impacts on satellite operations and induce weak fluctuations in the power grid. In contrast, G5 events — the most powerful — could severely impact satellite operations, cause surges that knock out power grids and disrupt high-frequency radio communications for days on end. Fortunately, G5 solar storms typically only occur around four times in every 11-year solar cycle. The other likely outcome of tomorrow’s geomagnetic storm is the generation of auroras at lower-than-usual latitudes — with experts predicting that such could be visible over both Maine and Michigan in the US. Auroras are the natural light shows generated when particles from the solar wind excite atoms in Earth’s upper atmosphere, making them glow. The aurora form curtains of light that follow the geomagnetic field lines — and appear in different colours depending on which atoms are being excited. The two primary gases in the Earth’s atmosphere are oxygen, which emits a greenish light, and nitrogen, which appears in hues of blue, pink and purple. READ MORE: British Mars Rover project that cost £22.7million is SCRAPPED The most powerful geomagnetic storm ever recorded occurred in the September of 1859 — and is known as “the Carrington Event”. Rather than being the result of Earth passing through a high-speed stream of solar wind, it was instead caused by a so-called Coronal Mass Ejection. These occur when the Sun belches out a cloud of charged particles and electromagnetic fluctuations. The Carrington Event affected telegraph networks across Europe and North America, as well as the recently-lain transatlantic link that connected them. Currents generated in cables by the space weather event reportedly caused telegraph pylons to spark, operators to receive electric shocks and some lines to fail completely. Other connections, meanwhile, were found to still operate even once their power had been cut, so strong were the electrical currents induced by the storm. DON'T MISS: Iran threaten terrorist cult group with missile strike [REPORT]China's FIVE military responses over Pelosi visit [INSIGHT]Putin horror as Soyuz lightweight rocket launched into space [ANALYSIS] According to a study presented at the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)'s SIGCOMM 2021 conference, a large solar storm like the Carrington Event could have the potential to cripple the Internet for weeks. Unlike Victorian-era telegraph lines, the fibre optic cables that make up the backbone of the Internet are immune to the electromagnetic fluctuations caused by solar storms. The same cannot be said, however, for the signal boosters that are dotted along undersea cables in order to maintain connections over long distances. And being underwater, not only are these long-distance cables more vulnerable to the impacts of space weather, but they are also inherently harder to access for repairs. Astrophysicists predict that there is a 1.6–12 percent chance a solar storm powerful enough to cause catastrophic disruption to modern society will strike the earth in the next 10 years.