The central bank raised its main interest rate from 1.25 percent to 1.75 pecent which is the largest increase in 27 years. The last time interest rates were this high was during the global financial crisis in December 2008. The move is an attempt to slow the rate at which prices are rising as the Bank has warned that inflation could pass 13 percent later this year.    Higher interest rates have various economic effects and there are so-called “winners and losers” of the rates rising. This is because the base rate influences how much banks, building societies and lenders charge for mortgages, loans and other types of credit. Antonia Medlicott, financial editor at InvestingReviews, exclusively told Express.co.uk there are Britons who could be considered “winners” and four main groups that are sadly the “losers”. The first group of winners are annuity buyers, an annuity is a long-term investment that is designed to provide a person with a regular guaranteed income in retirement. Ms Medlicott said: “Annuity incomes are tied to government bonds, and in recent months the rising tide of interest rates has improved the yield from these gilts substantially. “For those looking for guaranteed income in retirement, annuity rates are suddenly starting to look far more attractive than they were in the past. So far this year, annuity rates are up around 20 percent and that looks like rising even higher.” READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning £1m prize? Savers can also be classed as winners as when interest rates rise people should see a bigger return on their money. However, it is down to the individual bank to pass this higher rate on. Ms Medlicott said: “Think a base rate increase will mean a better deal for cash savers? Think again! “While high street banks won’t be slow in passing on interest rate rises to borrowers, they usually tend to be less enthusiastic about passing on any benefits to savers. Those who have kept their money in cash will continue to see their nest-eggs eroded in the future.” People will get a better return if they put their cash into an account that locks away the money for a certain amount of time but the downside is individuals cannot usually access their money when they need it, or will have to pay a penalty for withdrawing it sooner. Also, if money is locked into a fixed rate account, then the rate a person will get in interest also doesn’t go up - even when interest rates rise. Britons who would sadly be classed as the “losers” would be homeowners on standard variable rate (SVR) mortgages and in the UK there are more than two million of them. Ms Medlicott said: “More than two million homeowners across the UK will see their monthly repayments increase immediately. “Lenders also don’t hang about when it comes to passing on these costs, and you can expect bad news via SMS within minutes of the Bank of England’s decision.” The 50 basis points hike which was seen last week could add on an extra £70 a month or £840 a year to the cost of a typical £250,000 mortgage. She added: “Unless your mortgage is close to being paid off, or you plan on selling up in the near future, then the argument in favour of fixing rates has never been more compelling.” Ms Medlicott also highlighted Buy To Let landlords are facing a “double whammy” of spiralling finance costs and an increased tax burden. READ MORE: 'Worth a try' Mum shares 'substantial change' that helped save £95 a month on energy bills She explained: “Many built their portfolios on cheap debt and interest-only mortgages, but those coming off fixed rate deals are now discovering their monthly repayments have doubled with some buy-to-let mortgages now priced at four percent and above, depending on leverage. Mortgage interest relief has now been replaced by a 20 percent tax credit, meaning monthly cash-flow for landlords is fast disappearing, especially for those who are higher rate taxpayers.” Some buy-to-let landlords are deciding to sell up due to the costs which some may argue is better for first time buyers as more properties could come available on the market. However, Ms Medlicott stated sadly first time buyers were also a loser in the case of interest rate hikes. She said: “Getting a foot on the housing ladder is tough enough already amid spiking house prices and soaraway inflation. If that wasn’t bad enough, first-time buyers face exhaustive affordability tests when applying for a mortgage. “It seems ridiculous, but first time buyers are regularly turned down for home loans that would actually be cheaper than their existing rents.” Ms Medlicott explained this is because lenders “stress test” applications to see how they would cope if interest rates rose even further than the current rate and currently a lot of people’s finances actually do not stretch that far. She added: “Unless current lending criteria changes dramatically then the dream of homeownership is destined to become even more elusive for young professionals in the future.” With homeownership not an option, many make the choice to rent but this industry has also been affected by the rates rise. In the UK, the cost of renting in the private sector currently sits at a “record high” with Ms Medlicott stating the “sad reality” of the current climate will cause “painful knock-on effects” for tenants. Ms Medlicott said: “Already, we have seen a huge spike in rents across the country as the stock of homes in the private rental sector has shrunk. “As the exodus continues to accelerate, there is every possibility that rents may soon go into overdrive.” For personal debt, the interest rates on most loans and car financing are fixed, which means the rates on these shouldn't change. However, Britons may find lenders will now start advertising loans at a higher rate - which means borrowing becomes more expensive for new customers which sadly classes them in this instance, as another loser.