Because there is absolutely no doubt the next two years - if we get that far - will simply be a slightly prolonged death-rattle for this current crop of confused and bewildered Conservatives who do not know who they are anymore. All Sir Keir Starmer has to do in the interim is nothing. So long as he keeps his mouth shut and sticks to the plan of not having any actual ideas, the keys to No 10 will be rattling in his pocket in pretty short order.Of course, any conspiracy theorist worth their salt would tell you that's "the establishment's" plan. Britain is so monumentally shafted on every level it is time to discreetly move out and let an expendable cannon-fodder PM, then a one-term Labour Government, take the blame.And, whether the tin-foil hats are right or not, it is genuinely hard to see why anyone would want to be the Tory leader right now and wade through the political sewage Britain is currently neck deep in.You can see it in Rishi's grin. He is still going through the motions of this interminable Tory beauty contest - as mindlessly tedious as it is utterly destructive to party and nation alike - but it is written all over his face: "Thank God I'm not going to win!" Because of course, he is not. We all know this, Rishi knows this, Liz knows this, and yet instead of the Party knuckling down to tackle the gravest crisis this country has faced since we had to beg money from the IMF in the late 70s (after basically announcing, like some Third World banana republic, we had gone bust) we still have two more weeks of the most boringly pointless X-Factor-esque show ever. Britain Hasn't Got Talent anyone? And then what? Let's just have a look at what an almighty clusterfluff the incoming leader will have on their to-do list: Inflation nudging 20 percent, making household basics unaffordable for normal working people - like losing a fifth of your wage; Families paying (or perhaps not paying) £6,000-a-year to heat their homes - that is two-thirds of a state pension by the way; Interest rates at seven percent - leading to mass defaults on mortgages which will become simply impossible to pay; Strikes and industrial unrest on a scale not seen since Ted Heath was in No 10, with real potential for civil unrest; And you do not get all the above without rising unemployment which will follow as surely as night follows day. Who would rule out three-day-weeks and power cuts? Certainly not Mr Putin whose war will continue to both dictate the economic climate and provide a massive drain on Britain's military finances. The NHS is already warning it is facing its most difficult winter on record. Oh, and then of course there is the sewage. Turns out we are both metaphorically and actually up that famous creek without a paddle. Nope, barring a political miracle (and does anyone see the ingredients for a miracle here?) come the next election the British people will be poorer, colder, less secure and generally more miserable than they were at the last one. That is not a recipe for electoral success. In Britain we do not vote people in - that is far too American - we just vote people out when we have had enough of them. And, maybe it is just me, but I sense a change in the air. And if that seems a bit too airy-fairy there is always last night's opinion poll putting Labour 12 points ahead of the Conservatives. My advice to Liz Truss right now would be do not spend too much on the wallpaper, love, a few rolls of Ikea would probably do a job for the next few months. 