Brooklyn Beckham, who married billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz earlier this year in a lavish Florida ceremony, announced to the world his hopes to "start a new thing" with his wife after their marriage. However, David and Victoria Beckham's son's Twitter fans were left in hysterics when they discovered what his idea was - combining both of their surnames. "We had this idea — we kind of combined our last names," an enthusiastic Brooklyn revealed to Variety magazine. "I was just like, 'Oh, we could start a new thing, and it’ll be so cool to have our own kids and have little Peltz Beckhams running around.'" It wasn't long before bemused fans took to Twitter to disagree that the pair's idea was groundbreaking. "Brooklyn Beckham introducing double barrel surnames to the world is akin to Alexandra Burke bringing 'elephant in the room' to the UK," @emmyfg chortled. READ NOW: Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie Christina Barron quipped: "Maybe don’t tell the Pelz Beckhams, but my parents-in-law did this in 1940." Twitter user Fleur then joked: "Didn’t he invent photography as well?" Some fans defended Brooklyn's remark, with Twitter user Oliver Jones suggesting: "Do you not just think they meant as in start a new name ‘Peltz-Beckham’ …." Meanwhile Emmy's comparison referred to the moment when X Factor winner Alexandra, 33, insisted that the common phrase "elephant in the room" did not exist in England. She told ITV Daybreak's hosts back in 2013: "I had never heard of the saying before until I did my writing camp for the album. "It’s a very American saying so I thought: 'Why not be the first person to bring it over here and make it into a song?'" Though various memes mocking her later went viral, Alexandra had a good sense of humour about it, quipping: "We all need to have a good laugh!" Meanwhile, people were equally amused by Brooklyn's attitude, mockingly branding him a "pioneer". DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [INSIGHT] Ozzy Osbourne's unusual Parkinson's symptoms as Sharon 'heartbroken' [LATEST] Countdown's Rachel Riley baffled over bizarre selfie taken by her baby [PHOTOS]  Nicola and Brooklyn made headlines again earlier this week after the former published an Instagram post depicting herself in floods of tears. The rumour mill immediately started turning, with fans speculating that the tearful photo was down to her fighting with her mother-in-law Victoria Beckham. Fortunately, Brooklyn has now clarified that there is no feud between the two, in spite of the pair seemingly "ignoring" each other's Instagram posts by failing to hit the like button once in weeks. "I’ve learned they’re always going to try to write stuff like that," Brooklyn shrugged to Variety. He insisted that "everyone gets along", in spite of others apparently trying to "put people down" within the family. The rumours began to gather momentum after Nicola seemed to shun fashion designer and entrepreneur Victoria's help with choosing a gown for her wedding. When the big day arrived, Nicola walked down the aisle in Valentino couture, with Posh Spice's brand notably absent. However, she has since addressed that issue, saying that she was informed Victoria's atelier would not be able to create the dress that she had in mind. Though she was told her only option was to pick a different dress, Nicola dismissed the assumptions of a feud, explaining: "She didn’t say you can’t wear it; I didn’t say I didn’t want to wear it." Victoria did dress a number of her celebrity pals and family members for the big event though, including her close buddy actress Eva Longoria. She also supplied outfits to younger son Romeo's then girlfriend, Mia Regan - a model and influencer who previously plugged Victoria's clothing as part of a promotion on her Instagram account.