New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly reportedly used the dinner he held with representatives of the other 19 Premier League clubs to organise deals for Marc Cucurella and Carney Chukwuemeka. The two players joined the Blues last week for a combined total of around £82million from Brighton and Aston Villa respectively. Chukewuemeka was the first of the two stars to arrive at Stamford Bridge with Chelsea agreeing a £20m deal for the promising young winger. The 18-year-old had only just started to break into the Villa first team towards the end of last season but an impressive showing at the Under-19 European Championship convinced the club to make the move. Cucurella was next to join having initially seemed destined for Manchester City. However, the Sky Blues were reluctant to meet Brighton’s valuation giving Thomas Tuchel the opportunity to swoop. The left-sided defender joined the club in a £62m deal on a six-year contract. The seeds for both deals were planted at an event hosted by Boehly last month, according to The Athletic. On July 26, the Chelsea co-owner met those from other clubs across the league at an informal get-together which gave the executives a chance to discuss transfers. JUST IN: Tottenham told they have major advantage over Man City for title The American reportedly sat next to Villa chief-executive Christian Purslow as the money men ate, giving him an opportunity to directly discuss the England U-19 international. The pair got on well and a formal agreement was struck in just over a week. The deal for Cucurella was slightly more complex with Boehly originally discussing the Spaniard’s future with Brighton chief executive Paul Barber in regards to City’s interest. Once it became clear Pep Guardiola would not offer what the Seagulls were asking, the 48-year-old swooped. Multiple conversations subsequently took place between the pair over Zoom in the following days with the London club finally agreeing the deal last Thursday. The defender became Chelsea’s most expensive signing of the window so far, topping the £45m the club paid for Raheem Sterling. He is capable of playing across the backline with experience and left wing-back, left back and centre half.  Speaking after he was confirmed a Chelsea player, Cucurella said: “I’m really happy. It’s a big opportunity for me to join one of the best clubs in the world and I’m going to work hard to be happy here and help the team.” The 24-year-old has since made his first appearance for the club coming on as a second-half substitute in the opening day win over Everton while Chukwuemeka is yet to be seen.