Certain pensioners can get a free TV licence, avoiding the standard £159 a year bill. People aged 75 or older can claim the help if they or their partner receive Pension Credit. The free licence will cover everyone who lives at the address. Details that need to be provided for the application include proof of the person’s age. This can be a copy of a passport, a UK driver’s licence, a UK birth certificate or an EU/EEA national identity card. Proof must also be provided that Pension Credit is being received at the applicant’s address. The individual’s name and address, including postcode must also be included, along with their TV licence number. READ MORE: 'Savers are only winners!' Glimmer of hope as banks & building socs start to raise rates  Anyone who is eligible for a free licence who doesn’t have a TV licence can call 0300 790 6117 and to request an application form. Refunds are available for those who have paid for their TV licence when they didn’t need to. This will be processed as part of the application. Pension Credit is a benefit to support pensioners on low incomes. The support is made up of two parts - the guarantee credit and savings credit.  Guarantee credit tops up a person’s weekly income if it’s below a certain level. People can still claim this if they have savings, a pension or own their own home. The savings credit is an extra payment for those who saved some money towards their retirement, such as those on a pension. Pension Credit tops up a person’s weekly income to £182.60 if they are single or joint weekly income to £278.70 if they have a partner. READ MORE: Mortgages: Britons warned of ‘silly mistakes’ which leave them 'paying thousands more' Those whose income is higher may still be eligible for Pension Credit if they have a disability, care for someone, or if they have savings or housing costs. A person’s income includes the state pension and other pensions, earnings from employment and self-employment, and social security benefits such as Carer’s Allowance. Not all benefits count towards someone’s income. This includes Adult Disability Payment, Attendance Allowance, the Christmas Bonus and Child Benefit. Other exempt benefits include Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, and social fund payments such as Winter Fuel Allowance. Housing Benefit and reductions to council tax also do not count towards a person’s income. Those on Pension Credit can get other support such as housing benefit and support for mortgage interest if they rent the property they live in. Council tax discounts are also available, as well as help towards NHS dental treatment, glasses and transport costs for hospital appointments. Financial support is also available through the Warm Home Discount Scheme and claimants can get a discount on the Royal Mail redirection service if they’re moving house.