There has been a 60 per cent drop in flying insect numbers in the UK over the past 20 years according to a new study. Despite flies being annoying, they are important garden pollinators just like wasps, moths and butterflies. Due to flying bugs' being an important part of the food chain, experts have warned against killing them. With the recent heatwave conditions, plenty of households have been battling the bugs, even despite the recent drop in overall numbers. Fortunately, there are several harm-free ways to get rid of flies and other winged insects, reports Yorkshire Live.   The best and most fly-safe method is to use different light levels to get them outside. Flies are a bit like moths in that they are drawn towards lights and away from darkness. So if you find a fly, bee or wasp buzzing around your TV or lamps at night and you want it out, the quickest way to get rid without harm is to throw open your doors or windows and turn off the lights in the room (and the TV). This will make it easier to waft or chase the flies back out - they will head outside to chase the light instead. Flies are naturally repelled by herbs like cloves, citrus, basil, pine and mint. You can create a repellent by smashing cloves or mint into an orange and hang it from window ledges or doors. The flies will take one whiff and head in the opposite direction to get away. You can mix a few hundred ml of water with a teaspoon of pepper, such as cayenne or chili pepper. Put the solution into a spray bottle and squirt it towards the flies. They will hate it, and zip in the opposite direction (hopefully to the open windows) but it shouldn't hurt them. To trap flies without killing them, empty a 2L pop bottle (or drink it, then save the bottle). Cut the top off the bottle about a third of the way down. Put something flies will be attracted to inside, like an apple core or some leftover food scraps. Then put the top of the bottle upside inside the bottom of the bottle. Tape it in place and leave the trap out. The flies will go inside and won't be able to get back out. Then - and this the key 'harm free' bit - take the bottle outside and set them all free away from your house.