Former Conservative voter and former chairman of Monmouth Conservative Association Roy Garner dismissed the possibility the Conservative Party will secure another mandate at the next general election. He claimed Tories “are very fortunate that they’ve got no opposition” and forecast a possible “opening for the Reform and UK Independence Party” at the next general ballot. Referring to his recent decision to leave the party, he added “I left the Conservative Party, but actually I believe that the Conservative Party left me”. He argued Tories have been “anything other than Conservatives and have lost all of the basics”. Asked whether the party could win at the next general election, Mr Garner told GB News: “As they stand now, no chance. “They’re very fortunate that they’ve got no opposition.” He explained: “The Labour Party has no credibility whatsoever. “The Liberal Democrats, well, they’re Liberal Democrats and have not been in power for many years. “I think there’s an opening now for the grouping like the Reform Party. “Independents, I think they’re more likely to come through the next election. “The political call has lost an awful lot of trust.” He continued: “I’m no longer a member. READ MORE: Orban torpedoes von der Leyen's Ukraine war plans “I left the Conservative Party. “Well, no, I believe that the Conservative Party left me. “In the last few years, they’ve been anything other than Conservatives. “They’ve lost all of the basics. DON'T MISS: Backlash as Brexit-blamers shut down over Dover delays [WATCH]Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony slated as ‘left-wing drama school’ [LISTEN]M6 closed over lorry fire - Emergency services on scene [INSIGHT] “If you look at anything, the financial status of the country, they’ve lost it. “We’re now being treated to people who are saying that they’re going to do tax cuts when in the last couple of years they’ve been doing nothing but tax and spend”. The comments came as Rishi Sunak said he will cut the basic rate of income tax from 20 percent to 16 percent by the end of the next parliament if he wins his leadership race against Liz Truss. Referring to his latest tax policy, he said his proposal was “radical” but “realistic”. He explained: “Firstly, I will never get taxes down in a way that just puts inflation up. Secondly, I will never make promises I can’t pay for. And thirdly, I will always be honest about the challenges we face”. The proposal came as Conservative Party members are starting to receive ballot papers for the final leadership vote. READ NEXT: Spain ‘not worth the hassle’ fumes host as Britons face new travel rulPrince Charles Bond-style entrance to Commonwealth GamesQueen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEOJoe Biden told to 'resign and take Kamala with you' Man comes home to find family dog eating wife's 'mutilated' body