Alan Titchmarsh,73, returns to screens today for another episode of ITV’s ‘Love Your Garden’. Britain’s favourite gardener and his team head to Middlesbrough for the latest instalment of the hit show. They help create a “wild and woolly” garden for a young family, including mum Phillipa who supports disabled families and others in the area. The garden is transformed by a water feature, vegetable plot and mini-dinosaur kingdom play area. Although Alan is primarily known as a TV gardener, he has often rubbed shoulders with royalty during his long broadcast career. He recently took part in the Platinum Jubilee to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. But one of the horticulturist’s closest royal encounters came as he sat down with Prince Charles for an interview in 2012. An unearthed clip of ITV’s ‘The Royal Restoration’ documentary shows Alan grilling the future King about his Dumfries House project in Ayrshire to help regenerate the local area. Alan asks the Prince of Wales about his “fear of failure” over his bid to save the estate’s priceless furniture. JUST IN: Queen probed over key detail as collapse of monarchy explored: ‘False sense of importance’ Charles said: “Oh, yes of course, absolutely. But I mean, it’s a part of the essential issue of taking risks, isn’t it? “So, if it doesn’t work – and there are plenty of people out there hoping it isn’t going to work… “Well, maybe I would have been better to do nothing. Nobody would have criticised, would they?” Charles took out a £20million loan from his charitable foundation in order to stop the furniture at Dumfries House being sold off. He had been criticised for taking out the loan, which he admitted as he showed reporters around the Scottish estate. But the Prince, who in Scotland is known as the Duke of Rothesay, defended his restoration plan. By the time of the ITV interview the Queen’s son had already paid back the £20million he borrowed. He had also managed to raise £11million out of the £15million he needed to renovate Dumfries House. Alan asked the Prince about why he ploughed ahead with the project despite being criticised. Charles explained: “You have got to get stuck in and try to make a difference. DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT] “And if it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work, but it can be slightly more exposed in my position. “Live dangerously – it’s worth trying rather than not trying at all, isn’t it?” A consortium led by Charles bought the Scottish estate in 2007, a year before the financial crisis. Speaking about the timing, the Prince told Alan: “The difficulty of it was, having done the deal, then a year later the bottom fell out of the whole market, didn’t it? “So that made it very interesting, because of course the whole value of everything went right down.” ‘Love Your Garden’ airs on ITV today from 12pm.