The mystery behind who shot Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) way back in season two of Virgin River was finally resolved in the action-packed fourth season finale of the Netflix drama. Thanks to flashbacks when Preacher (Colin Lawrence) came face to face with murderous Vince (Steve Bacic), it was finally revealed that the latter was the one to pull the trigger on Mel Monroe’s (Alexandra Breckenridge) other half. The bombshell had been a long time in the making, especially given Jack’s pal Brady (Benjamin Hollingsworth) was the one placed in cuffs and charged with the murder. However, it transpired he’d been framed, with detective Mike (Marco Grazzini) telling Brady in episode eight of season four that his boss was in cahoots with drug kingpin and Brady’s former boss, Calvin (David Cubitt). Meanwhile, Jack had been suffering memory loss from the night in question which meant he was unable to pinpoint Vince as the culprit. In the end, Vince came clean to Preacher after holding him and Paige (Lexa Doig) at gunpoint as he sought answers for the murder of his twin brother Wes (also Bacic). READ MORE: Virgin River’s Jack Sheridan was almost replaced by co-star Virgin River fans witnessed thanks to flashbacks how Vince entered Jack’s Bar on the night of the shooting looking for Preacher. “I’m looking for Preacher,” Vince said to Jack after entering the bar once the former Marine had closed up. “He’s playing poker with the sheriff tonight but I’ll call him, let him know you’re here,” Jack said to Vince as he slowly reached for a knife. “I wouldn’t," Vince warned Jack as he pulled out his gun, prompting the bar owner to knock the gun out of his hand and slice his leg. Vince was left bleeding and in agony on the floor while Jack grabbed the gun and reached for his phone - although he was unaware Vince had another gun in his back pocket. Paige’s burned former brother-in-law shot Jack in the stomach before stumbling to his feet, grabbing his second gun and limping away. So where does the plot hole lie with the ordeal? Well, even though Vince grabbed the gun and inadvertently knocked the knife Jack used out of sight, a quote Mike said to Preacher in season four has raised eyebrows. Preacher found the knife lodged behind the bar and saw it was covered in blood, prompting Mike to arrive and take it to the station as evidence. DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Martin Henderson admits he knows Charmaine’s twin’s dadVirgin River season 5 theory: Preacher betrayed by Julia Virgin River's Lauren Hammersley forced to pull out of season 5 “I won’t know anything until we run it through the lab,” Mike told Preacher before adding in disbelief: “Deputies went over every inch of this place.” And it’s this quote which raises a number of questions about how the police weren’t able to identify Vince as the shooter - especially given the evidence he left during the shooting. Firstly, the flashback revealed that after Vince shot Jack, he clung to the bar to regain his balance - surely fingerprints would’ve been there. Secondly, he then kicked the bloody knife under the bar but given his blood was on the blade, surely there would be a trail of blood too to provide a DNA match. Thirdly, when he grabbed his gun off the side, Vince’s hand can clearly be seen touching a chopping board - another fingerprint left behind. And fourthly, there’s Vince’s exit from the bar as he limped clutching his leg, which, similarly to the knife, would have left droplets of blood. Surely if Mike’s deputies had scanned “every inch” of Jack’s Bar, at least one of these key pieces of evidence would’ve been picked up on. After all, Vince didn’t exactly do his best to clear his blood or wipe the surfaces he touched given he was desperate to make a hasty getaway. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.