Chris Rock has reportedly refused to reach out to Will Smith despite the King Richard actor issuing another apology for slapping him at the Oscars. A source said Chris believes he isn’t the one who needs forgiveness from the public, but Will is. Will slapped Oscars host Chris back in March during the ceremony, after the comedian made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith’s shaved head. The Fresh Prince star defended his wife by walking up on stage and slapping Chris, before telling him: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.” He apologised afterwards, and recently posted a new Q&A about the incident, where he said sorry once again to Chris, his family, and the fans. But this has fallen on deaf ears when it comes to Chris, who is said to have no interest in reconciling with his former friend. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, joined by seven of his children in rare snap A source told ET Online: “Chris has no plans to reach out to Will. “[Will] needs the public's forgiveness, not Chris.” Three months after the slap that made headlines across the world, Will posted a video on his YouTube account, answering questions about where he had been. The actor denied his wife Jada Pinkett Smith encouraged him to slap Chris, and said he had reached out to the comic but had been rejected. He answered a series of questions that had reportedly been asked several times by fans. The first was: “Why didn't you apologise to Chris in your acceptance speech?” Will replied: “I was fogged out by that point, it’s all fuzzy. “I've reached out to Chris and the message that came back is that he is not ready to talk, and when he is, he will reach out. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton bids farewell to F1 fans: 'Going to miss this energy [LATEST]Jamal Edwards died from cardiac arrest after cocaine and alcohol binge [INSIGHT] Thora Birch, 40, first public appearance in months in rare sighting [PICTURES] “So I will say to you, Chris, I apologise to you. My behaviour was unacceptable and I'm here whenever you're ready to talk.” Will continued: “I want to apologise to Chris's mother, I saw an interview that Chris's mother did. “And that was one of the things about that moment, I just didn't realise, I wasn't thinking about how many people got hurt in that moment. “So I want to apologise to Chris's mother, I want to apologise to Chris's family, specifically Tony Rock, we had a great relationship, Tony Rock was my man, and this is probably irreparable.” He added: “I spent the last three months replaying and understanding the nuances and the complexities of what happened in that moment. “There's no part of me that thinks that's the optimal way to handle feelings of disrespect or insults.” The next question was: “After Jada rolled her eyes did she tell you to do something?” Will replied: “No. I made a choice on my own, from my own experiences, from my history with Chris, Jada had nothing to do with it - I’m sorry, babe.”