Chelsea’s interest in signing Manchester United defender Harry Maguire could solve a problem for the Red Devils, Erik ten Hag and the player himself according to Liverpool icon Phil Thompson. As Thomas Tuchel’s side continue to search for defensive reinforcements, United captain Maguire has been linked as a possible transfer target. On Saturday Maguire was mooted as a potential Chelsea addition as part of a swap deal that would see American winger Christian Pulisic move in the opposite direction to Old Trafford. The Blues reportedly made an enquiry for the England international and would be open to signing the defender. Thompson believes that a move could suit all parties as Maguire does not fit with the idea that United boss Ten Hag wants to defend with a high line. “If there was a big offer on the table for him, I think Man United and Ten Hag would take it,” Thompson told Off The Ball. “Because it would sort his problem out and I would think Harry Maguire would think ‘I need a new start, maybe a new way of playing will suit my game’. I think it’s very, very difficult. At the moment it’s hard for him to get out of this rut, isn’t it? JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp told two changes he ‘must’ make for Man Utd clash “Harry Maguire likes to defend deep, Harry doesn’t have the greatest pace and he likes to get the players around him to play a low block. He is more than happy to sit on the edge of his box and play that way, that is just not the nature of this modern game as we are seeing it. "It’s all about pushing up, pressing as a unit, the defence pushing up close to the midfield, the midfield to the forwards. Harry doesn’t like to get caught out and I think he knows that, which is creating a problem with his mind. He is a good footballer, he is a fine player, but he is in that predicament.  “He has struggled for quite a bit, always played well for England I have to say because I think he is a fine player, but in this modern day with his lack of pace he too often gets caught out. “His confidence is absolutely at a low ebb, all the talk won’t do him any favours. Having said that, Ten Hag might have called him in and gone ‘Don’t tell anyone, but you’re playing. All of the flak that you are getting, you have my trust’, and that might help him.” Maguire, however, could be left out of the team to face Liverpool on Monday night, as he is competing with Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane, while Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly set to start from the bench with Anthony Martial leading the line against Jurgen Klopp’s side.