Princess Beatrice paid tribute to her beloved grandmother on her wedding day as she opted for a vintage look, requesting permission to have one of Her Majesty's old gowns modified to be used as a wedding dress. The eldest daughter of the Duke and Duchess of York was also granted the honor of donning the Queen's favourite tiara to mark the occasion. But the headpiece held some frustrating memories for Her Majesty, who had worn the jewel on her own wedding day to Prince Philip in 1947. The Queen Mary Fringe tiara was commissioned by the Queen's grandmother and later passed on to her mother in 1936. Her Majesty chose it as her "something borrowed" for her nuptials but almost had to be shelved because of a disastrous mishap shortly before the ceremony. As then-Princess Elizabeth was having the veil fixed, the tiara snapped into two, sparking a panic. The anxious bride was reportedly calmed down by the Queen Mother, who pragmatically told her eldest daughter that "there are still two hours and there are other tiaras." JUST IN: 'Magical' Royal Family looks back at fan favourite Platinum Jubilee moment involving Queen  The situation was ultimately saved by the presence of the royal jeweller who swiftly brought the tiara to his workshop to quickly solve the issue. House of Garrard, who had manufactured the tiara, said: "The Fringe Tiara was given to Queen Elizabeth on her wedding day, and the hairdresser broke it. "On that day, they had police escort it to the House of Garrard workshops. We fixed the tiara that morning, had it sent back to Queen Elizabeth, and then she got married in it. "You don’t expect the royals to have those sorts of mix-ups, but they do!” READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Vindicated' Bombshell claims 'eroding Harry and Meghan's credibility' Kate had to have her engagement ring, which once belonged to Princess Diana, resized after her engagement as it kept slipping and consequently had the wedding band resized as well. However, the ring appeared to be too small and as Prince William tried to slip it on her finger, he struggled to get it settled for an embarrassing few seconds. The Mail later noted: "It has now become a subject of amusement to her and William."