Manchester United are reportedly giving up on their endeavours to sign Antony from Ajax and are instead beginning a new process to land Cody Gakpo from PSV. The Red Devils are desperate for reinforcements after beginning the new Premier League season with back-to-back defeats. United appointed former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag as their new manager this summer as he was given the unenviable task of restoring the side to their former glory following a dismal campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. But the 52-year-old’s tenure has started in an egregious fashion as United lost 2-1 at home to Brighton on the opening weekend of the campaign before being humbled 4-0 at Brentford last time out. Ten Hag has already signed Lisandro Martinez from the Dutch champions this summer, as well as getting his hands on Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia. And he has been tipped to link up with Antony once again before the transfer window slams shut at the start of next month. But, according to The Mirror, United are now looking at alternatives for the Brazilian forward after Ajax rejected their £67.9million bid for him. The Dutch club want £80m for the 22-year-old, but the Red Devils could land Gakpo for around half of that figure. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo U-turn, Newcastle eye double deal, Caicedo latest    Gakpo was in imperious form throughout the last campaign as he racked up 21 goals and 15 assists in 47 appearances for PSV. And he has already been attracting interest from Premier League strugglers Everton this summer. United’s pursuit of the 23-year-old winger could ultimately rest on PSV’s progression in the Champions League. Last season’s Eredivisie runners-up are set to face Rangers in the second leg of their play-off decider on Wednesday night after drawing the first leg 2-2 at Ibrox. And if PSV reach the group stages of the competition, they will be under less pressure to cash in on Gakpo thanks to the revenue they would receive from playing in the top-tier European competition. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four players in trouble with Glazers ready to spend £107.3mMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroTottenham flop 'in Nottingham Forest's sights' as new boys eye 17th signing   Antony remains Ten Hag’s first option, however, and the United boss is hoping the player’s desire to leave Ajax will force the hand of his current employers. But the Red Devils are even looking at Chelsea's Christian Pulisic as another option to solve their forward issues. If either Antony or Gakpo do put pen-to-paper on a deal at Old Trafford, it would pave the way for Cristiano Ronaldo to leave the club as Ten Hag is happy to sanction a move for the Portugal ace as long as he finds a replacement. Ronaldo is yet to find the back of the net this season and has told United bosses that he wants to quit. 