Newcomer Naomi (played by Karene Peter) only turned up in the Dales recently, but it's clear she isn't too interested in getting to know her father. Unfortunately for her, she was seen on Monday's Emmerdale episode arguing with Charles (Kevin Mathurin) before storming out of the church. Moments later, Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) found Charles laying lifeless on the floor. Although she didn't see Naomi doing anything, she recognises the rage in the young woman after her ordeal with her serial killer sister Meena (Paige Sandhu). Could she lie and say she witnessed Charles being pushed by Naomi? Manpreet was already suspicious of Naomi after getting into a row with her herself last week. The latest episode of the ITV soap saw Naomi informing Charles she wanted nothing to do with him. "Ethan (Emile John) thinks I should give you another chance," she stated as she walked into the church to see Charles. "I'd like that," Charles replied before Naomi pointed out: "I didn't say you were getting one." Charles admitted he had been going about the situation in the wrong way, and said any relationship they might have could be on Naomi's terms. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation Naomi went on to admit she wants nothing from Charles but would like to get to know her brother, Ethan. "I haven't handled this well at all, have I?" Charles continued. "And straight back to being about you," Naomi sighed, rolling her eyes. She went on to reveal that Manpreet had asked her to stay away. Charles found it hard to believe her, and as Naomi yelled: "Don't ignore me," Manpreet walked up to the door and caught the tail end of the conversation. "Some father you are, you massively let me down then you act like nothing's wrong," Naomi fumed. She added: "Guess what, I don't need that in my life, and I don't need you," before storming out at the same time a bang could be heard. A worried Manpreet rushed inside and was horrified to find Charles unconscious. Later, Naomi rushed back and asked what had happened, claiming Charles had been fine when she left him. However, Manpreet accused her of hurting him, and Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) ended up arresting her. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun viewers blast repeat episode 'Seen this' [REACTION]Aiden Turner details fears of filming ITV series [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun's Craig Rowe recalls difficult application  [EXLCUSIVE] Later at the hospital, Ethan tried to make Manpreet see that Naomi may not have touched Charles. "She's not going to get away with this," the doctor said ominously as she watched Charles while he lay in a coma on a hospital bed. "You can't really think Naomi was responsible for this," Ethan argued. "Ethan, it's a serious head injury, I mean serious," she replied. "It was more than a row. It's difficult to explain, it was the way she was saying it. "She was so full of hatred and anger and I've heard that rage before. She sounded like Meena." Keen not to make the mistakes she did with her sister, who committed murders right under her nose, Manpreet might be too quick to be certain Naomi was behind Charles' injury. It's possible that he tripped over just as Naomi was leaving, perhaps in an attempt to follow her as she left, but Manpreet seems adamant that she hurt Charles. She may even decide to lie to the police if Charles ends up dying, as a way of dealing with her grief and placing the blame on someone. Would the upstanding doctor stoop so low? Emmerdale continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on ITV.