This year, Queen Elizabeth II celebrated 70 years on the throne and stands as the second-longest reigning monarch in history. During the early days of her reign, however, the monarch herself questioned if The Firm would uphold, following a period of unpopularity amongst the public. Royal experts discussed the Queen's early feelings towards the monarchy on Channel 4's new royal documentary, 'The Real Windsors'. The documentary claimed that "people started attacking" Queen Elizabeth II for being "out of touch". Speaking on 'The Real Windsors', royal historian Robert Lacey said: "We know that the Queen, herself, was worried in these years about people's opinions of herself and the way she was doing her job. "There's even a quote, at this time, from someone who spoke to the Queen. "I mean, she's reported to have said, totally flippantly, [that] she very much whether the monarchy, the system, herself, would still be in business in five years time." READ MORE: Meghan 'truly believed' part-time royal plan would 'elevate Royal Family into super power' Also speaking in the documentary, political strategist Alistair Campbell, said: "Her people will say to you that she understands that if you get to a point where the public doesn't have any interest in you, respect for you, then the monarchy seizes to exist. "They do rely on that sense of public support." The Queen became the longest-reigning British monarch on September 9, 2015. On this date, she surpassed the reign of her great-great-grandmother Victoria. READ MORE: Meghan Markle entering new chapter as Duchess 'absolutely nails' major appearance change In June, the Queen celebrated her Platinum Jubilee with a jam-packed four-day bank holiday weekend. The celebrations began on June 2. Her Platinum year began on February 6, the date she took over the crown in 1952. DON'T MISS According to a poll by YouGov earlier this year, Six in 10 Brits (62 percent) think Britain should continue to have a monarchy in the future. Only 22 percent suggest that the country should move to have an elected head of state instead. There has been a decline over the last decade in the amount of Brits in favour of continuing the monarchy. Seventy-five percent where in favour in July 2012. This has declined to 62 percent in 2022. READ NEXT: