Tyson Fury is reportedly training “like a man possessed” ahead of his proposed contest against Oleksandr Usyk. Although still technically retired following a breakdown in negotiations with Derek Chisora, Fury is currently in talks with Usyk to make the undisputed unification bout happen next. According to his US promoter, Bob Arum, the fight is being targeted for either February 11 or February 18 next year, with Saudi Arabia the most likely destination as the deal gets closer to completion. With so much at stake, Fury is leaving no stone unturned in his preparations. A source close to the 34-year-old has told the Sun that the Mancunian is in ‘fight mode’ with retirement being “the last thing on his mind.” “Tyson is training really, really hard. He’s in fight mode and totally focused on Usyk,” they said. "Ever since the Usyk vs Joshua fight ended, he's been in the gym, on the road and sparring. He wants to be in the best shape of his life and is working towards a contest early in 2023. “Right now, he is like a man possessed and retirement is the last thing on his mind. Training is where Tyson is happiest and right now, he is working relentlessly.” There is a considerable buzz surrounding the super fight but money could be an issue. Fury recently demanded that he is paid a colossal £500million to fight the Ukrainian and has threatened to walk away from the deal if the funds are not raised by August 31. Speaking to talkSPORT, he said: “Everyone keeps asking about this fight with this Ukrainian guy. Are you going to come back? Are you going to do this? Are you going to do that? I’m retired from boxing and I’m very happy doing that. However, I will come back but it has to be for obscene amounts of money. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua given coaching ultimatum by Garcia after Usyk loss McGregor causes a stir as fans convinced sex act video shared on yacht Jake Paul to fight UFC legend Anderson Silva “Let’s face it, it’s not Anthony Joshua – which I would’ve done for free in England. It’s some foreigner who nobody really cares about. To fight this unknown entity and give him an opportunity of legendary status? They have to pay for that. “I don’t mind chucking a dog a bone, but I don’t want to chuck him the full f****** dogs’ home. They have a week. It’s August 24. They have a week to submit their offers. “I want it in writing with proof of funds. This fight is purely about money. I’m happily retired. I don’t need money, I’ve got plenty of money.” Meanwhile, it's been claimed that Fury and Usyk have already agreed to split the purse down the middle and may end up fighting in February in the Middle East.