The former President is yet to announce a highly anticipated second run in 2024, but polls show his party would support him. Republican figureheads have rallied around Mr Trump today after the FBI conducted a raid on Mar-a-Lago. They have accused the agency of making a "politicised" decision to pursue him, despite Mr Trump having appointed its incumbent director, Christopher Wray, in 2017. In a lengthy statement, Mr Trump branded the raids an "attack" orchestrated by left-wing Americans who wanted to prevent him from running for a second term in 2024. The ex-President complained the raid was "prosecutorial misconduct" and "an attack by Radical Left Democrats who desperately don’t want me to run for President in 2024". He used the statement to tout "recent polls" and revisit his credentials from his last term, which ended when Joe Biden took office in 2021. Nancy Pelosi, leader of the US House of Representatives, slammed Mr Trump's comments, saying the raid would have "justification" and that "no one is above the law". READ MORE: Trump claims Florida home 'under siege and occupied' by FBI agents The ex-President is right about one thing as polls continue to show he is a GOP favourite for the 2024 nomination. A presidential straw poll taken of attendees at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on August 6 found that he was by far the most popular Republican. His approval rate among 1,000 die-hard American conservatives was 99 percent, with 69 percent favouring him for candidacy in 2024. He was far and away the favourite, beating Florida governor Ron DeSantis by 53 points and Texas Senator Ted Cruz by 67. Mr Trump is less popular outside his Conservative base, but voters are prepared to vote him into a second term by 2024. A recent poll from Monmouth University found that opinions have hardly shifted since the January 6 hearings began. Around 40 percent of Americans said they viewed Mr Trump favourably, while four in 10 said they would "definitely" or "probably" vote for him. While good news for the GOP, Mr Trump needs to confirm he intends to run to take advantage of those numbers. But he has proven cagey on the subject and only teased a potential run since he left the White House. Will Donald Trump run in 2022? Neither Mr Trump nor his allies have confirmed whether or not he will represent the GOP in the 2024 presidential election. Speaking to Fox News during CPAC, Mr Cruz said the ex-President would "decide on his own time frame". He added that "everyone is going to wait and see what Donald Trump decides and make decisions from there", while other experts have provided some certainty. Speaking to Sky News, former Trump advisor Jason Miller said he believes Mr Trump will run. But he urged him to announce his candidacy sooner rather than later. Mr Miller said: "I think President Trump is going to run again in 2024. I think he will. "I've counselled him that he should have announced that already. The quicker he goes and does it I think the better."