Flight attendants spend the majority of their working life travelling on aeroplanes, and so they know a thing or two when it comes to packing strategically. Speaking to the New York Times, Heather Poole, a flight attendant from Los Angeles "demonstrated how to pack enough for a 10-day trip into a single standard carry-on." Heather revealed that her number one way to pack her hand luggage is by utilising the rolling method, rather than folding and laying her clothes flat. However, users in a Reddit forum discussing the rolling method were confused as to how it is more beneficial than folding. A user posting under the name _honeybird, said: "Man, I still don't understand why flat folded clothes take up more space than rolled clothes. "My brainlogic dictates that the flat clothes would take up the same amount of volume in the suitcase as rolled clothes, so why or how does it take up less space when they're rolled?" READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade The key to ensuring the rolling method works is by utilising every single bit of space within your suitcase or bag. Though the rolling method can be done by laying clothes flat and rolling them tightly, experts from Travel and Leisure say there is a better way to approach the task. They said: "To properly roll your clothes, lay the item of clothing out flat. "Then fold the bottom two inches of the item inside out so it creates a type of pocket along one side of the clothing. "From the opposite end, roll the item tightly until you get to the pocket you’ve created. "Fold one side of the pocket over the roll, securing it tightly." You can also make the most of the space you have by tucking certain items inside of others. For example, shoes make a great place to store bundles of socks. Some frequent fliers have warned, however, that the rolling method can make it easy to go over any weight restrictions which are in place. DON'T MISSHand luggage rules: 5 common foods banned from flights [EXPLAINER]‘Life changing’: Flight attendant shares hard-to-spot sign on plane [COMMENT]6 items restaurants in Spain can not charge for - including olives [INSIGHT] Therefore, before setting off for the airport, make sure you are up to speed on your airline's specific luggage requirements. Hand luggage restrictions differ between airlines, with some allowing far more than others. The type of ticket you book can also determine how your luggage allowance.