Manchester United are reportedly intent on trying to prise Frenkie de Jong away from Barcelona before the end of the summer transfer window. Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag made the Dutchman his priority signing when he was appointed in May, but United have struggled to complete a deal with the La Liga club. De Jong does not seem too keen on joining United and might need persuading. He is also owed around £14-17m in deferred wages, which the 25-year-old is insistent on being paid in full before he considers a move. The Premier League club will keep trying to sign De Jong, though. According to MEN, they are not sold on any of the alternatives to the Holland international and could end up with nobody if a deal is not agreed. That would give Ten Hag a major headache, so United must convince De Jong to sign. Express Sport looks at three ways they can finally persuade him to complete a £65million transfer. JUST IN: Lionesses' combined annual salary makes up JUST 26% of Ronaldo's Sign other elite talents to prove they are rebuilding United can only convince De Jong of their long-term plan by acquiring other world-class talent. The midfielder is by far the best player the club have been linked with this summer, and can hardly be attracted to the idea of joining when he looks at the squad. The Old Trafford hierarchy must keep adding quality to Ten Hag’s squad in a bid to persuade De Jong that they are serious about challenging for trophies. If it means prioritising four or five other targets over the former Ajax star, then so be it. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo 'disappointed' after Atletico development as deadline nearsMan Utd striker shortlist pecking order emerges involving two targetsMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag slams 'unacceptable' Cristiano Ronaldo Start the season well Another way United can attract big names in the latter stages of the window is by starting the new Premier League campaign in good form. Ten Hag begins his reign with a home clash against Brighton - which should be earmarked as a chance to get three points early on. A difficult first six fixtures also includes Liverpool, Leicester and Arsenal. Get through those games with a few positive results and United might change a few perceptions. That could even convince Cristiano Ronaldo to remain. Offer a huge wage increase The Red Devils could probably get this lengthy, slightly tedious saga over and done with simply by offering a monstrous contract. If Ten Hag wants his former Ajax player so badly then surely United will be willing to give him at least most of what he wants. If Ronaldo departs this month, that could free up around £500,000 in weekly wages for United to sign some of their key targets. They could use up most of those funds on De Jong.