The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children are set to move into Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom home on the grounds of the Windsor estate, this summer, it has been widely reported. This move will also likely prompt Prince George and Princess Charlotte to stop attending Thomas's Battersea school in London. Similarly, Prince Louis is unlikely to continue to go to Willcocks Nursery School, just a short walk away from Kensington Palace, if his family relocates to Windsor. Prince George and Princess Charlotte have been tipped to be attending from September Lambrook School, located just a 15-minute drive away from Windsor Castle. This Berkshire school has a modern approach to education and provides a mix of high-standard education with plenty of opportunities to play sports and join clubs. Among the extra-curricular clubs, there are three that may be interesting to Prince George, as they are tightly linked with traditional activities passed on from one generation to another within his family. The first is the polo club, which can be played on the school's ground as it boasts 42 acres dedicated to pitches for a variety of sports. Prince George's father, Prince William, learned to play polo from a young age alongside his brother Prince Harry, surely influenced by their father and grandfather - both highly skilled players. Last month, William took part in a charity match, which raised more than £1million for a number of charities supported by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Prince Charles played polo competitively and took part in matches across the world. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's days before stardom laid bare His love for the sport, which he practised for more than 40 years, was apparent in the statement announcing his retirement from the pitch issued by his spokesman. Released days after Charles's 57th birthday, it read: "He felt that the time was right. "He decided to bow out gracefully, but regretfully." Playing only in charity matches between 1992 and 2005, the Prince of Wales is believed to have raised more than £12million through polo. Prince Philip was also a skilled polo player, a passion inherited from his uncle and mentor Lord Louis Mountbatten. The Duke of Edinburgh's team, Windsor Park, won in 1957 and 1966 the British Open Gold Cup at Cowdray Park Polo Club. He retired aged 50, when he chose to pick up carriage driving, but continued to support the sport. Two more clubs which would allow Prince George to follow in William, Charles and Philip's footsteps are the scuba diving and swimming associations. Prince William inherited from Charles, the presidency of the British Sub-Aqua Club (BSAC) in 2014 - which in turn had been passed on to the Prince of Wales by Prince Philip. Marking the passage of the title from father to son during an event open to BSAC members, William said: "It's a great honour to be here with my father and accept the presidency of the British Sub-Aqua Club, continuing that from my grandfather as well." He added: "I hope that one day my son George might follow in our footsteps. "For the moment bath time is quite painful, but I imagine as he gets a little bit older, donning a mask and snorkel might calm him down." Kate and Prince William showed off their scuba diving skills during their visit to Belize as part of the Caribbean tour in March. Filming a video 300 metres below the sea level, the Duke and Duchess filmed the local coral reef and put the spotlight on the country's efforts to preserve it. In a clip shared on Twitter during their visit across the Atlantic, Prince William said: "It's really fantastic to see the underwater environment here in Belize and the wonderful work they've been doing to protect the coral and the fish life. "Belize's work on marine protection is world-leading which is crucial when you're protecting the world's second-largest barrier reef. In fact, it's a UNESCO world heritage site."