Many older company and personal pension schemes have incredibly valuable retirement benefits that are simply unavailable today. Some older plans even offer a guaranteed annuity rate, or GAR, which pays 12 percent annual income for life, double or triple what you can get from a new plan. Yet policyholders can lose these for good when switching or consolidating pots, experts warn. Pension providers and platforms are encouraging savers to switch their existing defined contribution company and personal pensions, saying this will cut charges and make them easier to manage. Pension consolidation works well for some but it can be a huge financial mistake for others, who may sacrifice some generous "safeguarded benefits” that are unavailable on today's schemes. Many do not even realise they have these benefits, because they are buried in the small print of a plan they signed up decades ago. Yet these can be lavish by today’s standards, because they were offered in the 1980s and 1990s, when investment growth and interest rates were far higher. Pensions expert Stuart Feast, chairman of Zippen, which offers low-cost “simplified advice” on transfers and switches, is warning of costly errors that could wreck your retirement plans.   Consolidating your various pensions into a single pot can make sense, he said. “It is easy and convenient to have everything in one place, but can also lead to an extremely poor outcomes.” Many older pension schemes have something called a Guaranteed Annuity Rate, or GAR, that pays an incredibly generous retirement income by today's standards, Feast said. “This type of pension feature was commonplace in the 1990s and the income varied from nine percent to 12 percent a year.” That is highly attractive today, as it could offer somebody with a £100,000 pension a guaranteed lifetime income of £12,000 a year, with inflation linking. By contrast, a 65-year-old buying an inflation-linked annuity for £100,000 would get starting income of around £3,400 a year. That would give them £8,600 less income in the first year, and losses could roll up over time. Many older schemes may include with-profit fund bonuses, which can be worth tens of thousands of pounds and will also be lost on transfer, Feast said. “Some company schemes have death-in-service benefits, that will also vanish if consolidated with a new provider." READ MORE: Fury as most pensioners will not get next year's £1,000 state pension  Other safeguarded benefits might include a fixed retirement age or extra tax-free cash on top of the standard 25 percent everyone gets. There is another pitfall to watch out for, Feast added. While many pension consolidation companies attract customers by pledging low charges, in some cases they can be higher. This is particularly important for those with larger pots, Feast said. “Someone moving, say, a £100,000 pension with an annual management charge of 0.2 percent to a scheme charging 0.7 percent would pay an additional £500 in fees in the first year alone.” High fees roll up over time – if that pension grew at an average rate of 6 percent a year, after 15 years the cheaper charging pension would be worth £232,962, which is £15,979 more than the pricier one. Feast said the big problem is that many execution-only pension consolidation services do not offer adequate advice on the dangers. “The pension provider takes your money but takes no responsibility as to whether the transfer was a good idea or not.” DON'T MISS: Three ways people can ensure their children pay less inheritance tax [REVEAL]Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000 [GUIDE]House price crash: ‘Juggernaut sharply slowing' as market to COLLAPSE [WARNING]  Consolidating pensions seems simple and sensible, but tread carefully, said Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group. It is obligatory to take regulated financial advice when transferring defined benefit final salary pension worth more than £30,000, or defined contribution pensions with safeguarded benefits above that sum. Always speak to a regulated financial adviser before transferring out of a scheme that offers a GAR, Lowe said. “If not, you could lose tens of thousands of pounds over your lifetime.” Romi Savova, chief executive of PensionBee, said consolidation has big advantages. “Combining your various pensions makes it easier to check if you are on track for the lifestyle you want in retirement and makes fees more transparent." She cautioned: “Beware exit fees on your existing plan, if too high they could wipe out the benefits of switching.” Savova suggested booking a free guidance session with the government-funded Pension Wise service, if aged 50 and above. The safeguarded benefits on older pension plans a hugely generous compared to today’s stripped down plans. Lose them at your peril. 