As the heatwave continues to sweep across the UK, motorists in need of an air conditioning re-gas are being urged to book as soon as possible. On some days, there was as much as a tenfold increase in the number of daily bookings compared to typical booking numbers. This included July 18, the first day of July’s record-breaking heatwave. With temperatures potentially hitting 36C this week, drivers will be using their air conditioning more than ever. The RAC has stated that using air con, especially during a heatwave, can increase the fuel consumption of a vehicle. It added that drivers should only use the air con if they “really have to”. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption By using the air recirculation system in a car, drivers can still benefit from cooler air whilst also putting less strain on the car’s engine. When pressed, the button allows the aircon to use the air from inside the car by drawing it through vents. This will then cool the air, making it more fuel efficient than the air con which takes outside air and cools it. Karen Rotberg, Co-founder of BookMyGarage.com, warned drivers to get their car checked if they noticed any issues with their air conditioning. DON'T MISSDrivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [WARNING]DEAL OF THE DAY: Save £5 on fuel at ALL UK petrol stations with deal [DEALS]Woman savages 'pathetic' neighbours over car parking tactics [SHOCKING] She said: “If you’ve noticed that your car’s air conditioning system doesn’t seem to be operating as effectively as it should, now is a great time to get it serviced. “Air conditioning systems are put under the most strain at high temperatures, and it’s not uncommon for motorists to find their air conditioning stops functioning altogether at the time they need it most. “That’s why we recommend regular air conditioning servicing to ensure the system can work as efficiently as possible and to avoid the risk of being caught out when temperatures soar. “Many of the garages on our network can accommodate short notice bookings, even next day in some cases, so it’s still possible to book an air conditioning re-gas ahead of the looming heatwave. “We also strongly advise motorists to keep on top of other vehicle servicing and maintenance, especially for anyone planning a long journey during the summer holidays. “Breaking down during a heatwave can be dangerous, especially for families travelling with pets, small children or elderly relatives.” As a general rule, drivers should look to re-gas their air conditioning every two years. In addition to regular servicing, motorists should frequently use the air conditioning, including in winter, to ensure it stays in good condition. For many drivers, they may be tempted to keep the air conditioning off at all times to reduce fuel consumption. Prolonged periods of time without using it can actually damage the system and result in a  repair bill that far outweighs the money saved in fuel bills. As well as keeping the vehicle cool in summer, air conditioning also helps demist the vehicle in the winter months, and therefore serves a purpose year-round.