Former Arsenal and England centre-back Tony Adams is ditching the mud and roars of the football world for the glitz and glam of the ballroom. Unveiled as the 11th celebrity taking part in this year’s Strictly Come Dancing, the former footballer had some rather cautious words of warning for his partner in the BBC dance contest. While his partner is yet to be revealed, Tony admitted she’ll need all the help she can get. Upon his reveal, he said: “To say I’m excited is an understatement - the lure of the sequins and the call of the salsa has me swapping my battered old football boots for a set of Strictly soft shoes. “Am absolutely thrilled to be giving it my all on this year’s 20th anniversary of Strictly Come Dancing. “I can’t wait to meet my partner,” he went on before warning: “God help her - and start the dancing.” READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed Tony joins a number of other famous faces in this year’s star-studded line-up. Former Coronation Street stars Will Mellor and Kym Marsh were the first two stars confirmed to take part. The One Show’s Richie Anderson and Loose Women stalwart Kaye Adams will also be donning their dancing shoes. Comedian Jayde Adams and Paralympic swimmer Ellie Simmonds are also part of the class of 2022.  While Kiss FM DJ Tyler West and singer Matt Goss will be hoping to impress the judges. Rounding up the lineup are Ted Lasso’s Ellie Taylor and singer and actor Molly Rainford. Tony enjoyed an almost two-decade-long career playing at Arsenal from 1989 to 2003. Making over 500 appearances, Tony was also made captain of the club during his tenure. DON'T MISS:Strictly Come Dancing confirms 10th contestant from rival ITV seriesCleverly slams Madeley for shouting over him in GMB row.Emmerdale bosses confirm three well-loved characters are returning He also captained the England men’s national team, earning 66 caps along the way. Tony also owns the accolade of being the only footballer to captain a top-tier side to three league titles across three decades. After leaving his playing days behind, Toyn went into football management, starting at Wycombe Wanderer in 2003. However, just one year later Tony left the role - he went on to manage Portsmouth, Gabala and Spanish side Grenada. While Tony's clearly excited to get going, it seems fans are equally as overjoyed by the appointment. On Twitter, Strictly fan Ryan Glendenning reacted the news: “That's 3 celebs with the surname Adams this is going to get very confusing. Welcome to the show Tony Adams enjoy the #Strictly experience.” While @Vitlllankovan added: “Pleased with this choice! Also given that this is the third contestant with the surname Adams, #Strictly should consider an Addams Family themed group dance to open the show at this rate." And Twitter user @jesshoskingx simply echoed the excitement by commenting: “YES STRICTLY." (sic) Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in September.