Anthony Joshua’s trainer Robert Garcia left boxing fans perplexed on Saturday night, as the Englishman lost his rematch with heavyweight rival Oleksandr Usyk. Joshua took on Usyk in Saudi Arabia in a bid to win back the titles he lost to the Ukrainian last September. Despite this it was Usyk who prevailed once more, as he defended his heavyweight crown via a split decision victory. Whilst both fighters enjoyed periods throughout the fight, there is no doubt it was the Ukrainian who dominated for the most part. One man who did not think this though was the man in Joshua’s corner, Garcia as he was seen telling his fighter: “​​You're winning every round champ,” to the amazement of everyone watching on. The trainer’s comments left those watching on asking heavy questions of the AJ corner. Taking to social media, MMA and boxing journalist Chisanga Malata could not believe Garcia’s comments as he tweeted: “Robert Garcia says to Anthony Joshua: 'You're winning every round, champ?’ I don't know what he's watching.” JUST IN: Anthony Joshua sends furious message to his dad moments after painful Oleksandr Usyk loss  Malata was not the only one to highlight Garcia’s comments, with boxing fans around the world echoing his view. One Twitter user - @EReidSchroeder - added: “Robert Garcia told AJ after the 3rd, we're 3 - 0. Why tell him that when it's clearly not true?” Another boxing fan - @LaVellLDN - also hit out at Garcia, tweeting: “I’ve always like Robert Garcia as a trainer but for him to be telling AJ he’s won every round is just outrageous,” before @jordrobertss93 added: “Robert Garcia’s a world class trainer and has trained many world champions. BUT if it’s true that he told AJ he was winning every round, then he’s lost all credibility as far as I’m concerned.” DON'T MISSFury makes heartbreaking plea over knife crime after cousin is killedJoshua storms out the ring in fury, shouts at UsykUsyk sent emotional message from Ukraine president after AJ win  Joshua was slammed post-fight after he stormed out the ring, before seemingly stealing Usyk’s winning moment by taking to the microphone and preaching to the Saudi Arabian crowd. Apologising for his antics, he wrote on Twitter: “I wish @usykaa continued success in your quest for greatness. “You are a class act champ. Yesterday I had to mentally take myself into a dark place to compete for the championship belts! I had two fights, one with Usyk and one with my emotions and both got the better of me. I’ll be the first to admit, I let myself down. I acted out of pure passion and emotion and when not controlled it ain’t great.” 