Samuel Mather-Holgate of Swindon-based advisory firm, Mather & Murray Financial, said: "If you have a mortgage, or are looking to borrow some money, my advice would be to lock in your rate now. If you prefer certainty, lock in for a long period as interest rates are still historically low, despite them increasing. "A word of caution though; when inflation falls back to normal levels, in six months time, and the recession is in full swing, the Bank of England will be forced to cut interest rates. "We just don't know by how much yet."  The rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation has risen from 9.4 percent to 10.1 percent, hitting double digits for the first time in 40 years. An increase in food prices was the single biggest factor which increased the rate between June and July 2022. READ MORE: Ways to save less water and save money on bills  Scott Gallacher, chartered financial planner at Leicestershire-based independent financial advisers, Rowley Turton, said: “We might be returning to the days of the 70s and 80s when house buyers were encouraged to borrow the maximum they could. "This was because high wage rises and high inflation would erode the value of that debt, and the mortgage payments, incredibly quickly."  He warned that savers are in a worse position that two years ago. The money expert said: "Despite the recent rate rises, because of higher inflation, savers are arguably in a worse position than they were a couple of years ago. DON'T MISS:'NEVER click on any links': 7 signs of a Royal Mail scam [WARNING]Homeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [INSIGHT]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [REVEAL] "This is because 'real' savings rates are even lower. That said, the higher rates do at least make shopping around worthwhile. “Previously, when rates were at their lowest, you might only be missing out on one percent per annum by sticking with your current bank. “However, now you could be missing out on up to 3.5 percent a year by not moving your account." The soaring inflation rate makes it more likely that the Bank of England will take further action to protect Britons’ savings. READ MORE: Are they being reclusive? Indication your vulnerable relative is being scammed  The central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) recently hiked the base to 1.75 percent in efforts to address inflation. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Nadhim Zahawi, said: “I understand that times are tough, and people are worried about increases in prices that countries around the world are facing. “Although there are no easy solutions, we are helping where we can through a £37billion support package, with further payments for those on the lowest incomes, pensioners and the disabled, and £400 off energy bills for everyone in the coming months. “Getting inflation under control is my top priority, and we are taking action through strong, independent monetary policy, responsible tax and spending decisions, and reforms to boost productivity and growth.” Charlie Huggins, Head of Equities at Wealth Club, warned that rising house prices means that more expensive mortgages are inevitable. He said: “Increasing house prices in recent years mean home buyers are having to borrow more to get on the housing ladder. “Combine that with rising interest rates, which ultimately mean more expensive mortgages, and the affordability of property could fall substantially. “If interest rates keep rising, it’s hard to see how the housing market would be immune.”