Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp evidently has a new fan favourite ready to be unleashed upon Newcastle on Wednesday night in Fabio Carvalho. The 19-year-old was rewarded for his fine recent cameos with a goal in the Reds' rampant 9-0 success over Bournemouth on Saturday and now a first Liverpool start can't be far away. With the Anfield outfit 5-0 up by half time against the Cherries, Klopp was afforded the luxury of rotating his line-up at the interval and handing yet more minutes to exciting summer signing Carvalho. The attacker had been used sparingly in all three of Liverpool's Premier League matches this season prior to this weekend's contest, but on Saturday, he was afforded a full 45 minutes to show exactly why the Reds have been so determined to land him in recent months. The talented teenager once again caught the eye before hitting a superb volley to notch Liverpool's eighth after being teed up by Kostas Tsimikas. Following yet another stellar cameo from Carvalho, Klopp hailed the summer signing as a "special player". “We could bring on the kids, they deserve it so much," Klopp said following his side's record-equalling triumph. "Fabio is a special player and a wonderful goal. Everything was perfect, pretty much.” READ MORE: 'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to caution With the small matter of a Merseyside derby on the horizon next Saturday, and a tricky encounter with Newcastle to come before then, Klopp will no doubt be looking to rotate his ranks over the coming week - even with the club's current crisis. Having impressed over the past two games in particular, Carvalho could well be handed his first Liverpool start against the Magpies, and if Saturday's showing was anything to go by, he's certainly deserved his shot. Speaking on Friday, ahead of his side's clash with the Cherries, Klopp insisted he would not hesitate to include Carvalho in his starting line-up following his dazzling start to life at Liverpool. He said: "Of course, it would be possible. DON'T MISS...'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to cautionLiverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to UnitedLiverpool might find fix to midfield problems in 'next Luka Modric' "The problem is a little bit [that] Fabio is the one player who can play in midfield and up front and how can we change? Stuff like this. It's really good. It's very positive all the things we saw from him, he's a great boy, [a] really top-class boy, well-educated, in the middle of the group, cheeky as well - all these kinds of things. "In this department I would say he is well ahead of his age group... When he came on [against Manchester United] he had a real impact again, [he] is doing really well. In the [Manchester] City game when he came on, he was not [on] too long, but even there he had an immediate impact around the third goal, I think - [it's] top, really like it."