Liverpool will face Manchester United as clear favourites despite failing to win either of their opening fixtures this season. The Red Devils have endured a disastrous start and the Anfield faithful will expect their team to repeat last season's dominance over their fierce rivals after they won the two matches by an aggregate score of 9-0.  However, Jurgen Klopp faces some selection issues, particularly up front, with new signing Darwin Nunez suspended, while he also has an injury dilemma at centre-back. Here Express Sport predicts how the German may decide to line up. Goalkeeper: Alisson No surprises between the sticks with the Brazil international a complete certainty to start. The 29-year-old is one of the best goalkeepers in the world and may secretly hope to be slightly busier than he was in his last two matches against United. Defence: Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joe Gomez, Virgil Van Dijk, Andy Robertson Three-quarters of the backline choose themselves with Van Dijk lining up between Robertson and Alexander-Arnold. The trio are considered the league’s best in their position and it is highly unlikely Klopp will rotate them for such an important game. It is the second centre-back slot that Klopp faces a conundrum with first choice Joel Matip injured alongside preferred back-up Ibrahima Konate. Cult hero Nat Phillips started last Monday’s draw with Crystal Palace but was caught out of position for Wilfried Zaha’s opener. As a result, it is likely that Joe Gomez will come in for his first start of the season. The Englishman was struggling for fitness in the build-up to the Palace match but replaced Phillips during the game and is likely to do so again from the off at Old Trafford. DON'T MISS: Man Utd face awkward Antony issue by Everton as Ajax agree deal Midfield: Jordan Henderson, Fabinho, Harvey Elliott The only player who will definitely start within the midfield three is Fabinho. The Brazil international is an undroppable presence in the side as he gives the team balance it needs to attack through the full backs. He is likely to be joined by English duo Henderson and Elliott. The Reds captain has shaken off an injury niggle that kept him on the bench against the Eagles but will expect to start the game in Manchester given his leadership role. Meanwhile, the 19-year-old was arguably the best player at Anfield on Monday and is expected to reprise his role in midfield. He will be responsible for providing the side with creativity from the centre of the park while Thiago is ruled out with injury. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Chelsea send Barcelona 'player-plus-cash' swap deal offer for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang Forwards: Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino, Luis Diaz Klopp faces his biggest selection issue within his frontline with only Salah and Diaz in peak physical condition. The pair are both sure to start on the right and left respectively with the German able to call on few other options. The No 9 slot is more difficult with Darwin suspended after his stupid red card against Palace while Diogo Jota remains ruled out with injury. Roberto Firmino missed the fixture as an injury precaution but is likely to return to the side at Old Trafford after training all week. He should be perfectly suited to the match given his impressive pressing ability, something United have been completely unable to handle so far this season. However, should the long-serving forward lack the fitness to start the game, Klopp may be forced to pitch new signing Fabio Carvalho in for his first start, with Salah shifting across to become a makeshift striker.