During the latest instalment of Emmerdale, ITV fans watched as Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) tried to come to terms with losing her baby. The Dingle favourite decided to bury her head in the sand by refusing to talk about what had happened. However, in doing so, she also pushed away the person closest to her, Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb). Elsewhere, Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) was also on a mission to expose Liv Flaherty's (Isobel Steele) mum Sandra (Joanne Mitchell). The soap stalwart told Liv she had CCTV footage of Sandra asking Rishi to pay her for sex. However, she was unable to prove what she had seen because the footage had been deleted from her phone. She later discovered that the video was deleted within 24 hours of being filmed. READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement In the end, Liv confronted her mum, and Sandra told her daughter a slightly different version of the truth. And it appeared the waterworks seemed to work as Liv went after Rishi Sharma (Bhasker Patel) and blamed him for the incident. Rishi tried to explain what really happened, but the youngster was having none of it. Viewers became frustrated with the storyline, and many came up with their own theories about how Sandra will be finally exposed for her manipulative ways. Some believe Mandy will be able to retrieve the CCTV footage or that she sent it to someone else before it was deleted. While others predict Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller) will come back to expose Sandra's scheming ways. Michelle claimed: "Cannot wait until Aaron returns and exposes Sandra for who she is!!" "Why didn't Mandy just send it to Lydia, and then Lydia could just hold it as proof?" Jamal said. DON'T MISS...Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ real reason Spider returned [REACTION]Jane McDonald opens up on 'personal journey' in family admission [VIDEO] While Michelle Jones predicted: "Liv and Vinny will soon be sucking up to Mandy when the truth finally comes out about Scamdra." (sic) Dan Indyk said: "So that video was on the app for 24 hours. Didn’t Mandy actually think to save that video on her phone properly? Anyway, I hope she still catches Sandra out somehow." (sic) Shaky added: "CCTV footage lasts 24 hours! Mandy should have shown the footage within that time!" Jill Beddoes tweeted: "Let's hope Vinny can restore that file." (sic) User @fitness_makeup wrote: "Mandy does not give up easily on finding out the truth about Sandra thing is this gives her the chance to up her game even more." (sic) Producers have confirmed Aaron is making a comeback in October, but, will he arrive just in time to help his little sister Liv, before Sandra lands her in hot water? Emmerdale producer Jane Hudson revealed to Express.co.uk and other media that characters are returning for the anniversary month in October at a recent press conference. Jane said: “We have Diane [Sugden], we have Tracy [Metcalfe] who is coming back with a bit of news of her own and how is Nate [Robinson] going to respond to that? "And of course, Aaron [Dingle] is back, is he going to find out his mum is cheating on Paddy [Kirk]? "Is he going to discover Sandra [Flaherty] is not all about Liv [Flaherty]?" Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.