Bringing plants into the home can have both physical and mental wellbeing benefits as well as being aesthetically pleasing to look at. Biophilic design focuses on the human connection between nature and the environment. It incorporates plants and nature into a homeowner’s everyday space. Dani Turner, customer experience director at online florist Bunches, told Express.co.uk: “Bringing the outdoors in, is all about creating a seamless connection between the natural world outside and your indoor space. Being surrounded by plants can lower stress levels, improve air circulation, and benefit our wellbeing. They can also help regulate room temperature and bring a sense of calm. "An indoor garden room is a creative way to invite nature into your home; this works particularly well for homes without a garden as you can create your own green oasis. "Follow the simple tips below to help transform any room and boost your mood. “There is no hard and fast rule when it comes to choosing plants for your garden room – go for different varieties to get different textures and add interest. Species such as Fern, Ivy, Cacti, Spider Plants, Aloe Vera, Succulents, Monstera (Swiss Cheese plant), Peace Lily and Snake Plants are easy-care varieties that look great layered together.” The expert recommended experimenting and moving plants around to see how they look. READ MORE: UK house prices fall for the first time in 13 months Dani advised houseplant owners to follow the “odd number rule”. This means grouping the plants in three, five and seven. The expert added: “It creates an aesthetically pleasing look. Pick the same variety of plants to create a more uniform, minimalist look. But if you prefer lots of texture and variety, mix it up with different types of plants and foliage. "Consider how plants can enhance the space and improve the layout. DON'T MISS:How to stop ants nesting in your plant pots - ‘deters’ pests [COMMENT]Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [EXPLAINER]Kitchen upgrades which can 'boost the appeal and value' of your home [EXPERT] “An easy way to do this is to layer plants in height order. Plants can also break up the space, so use crates and shelving to give more height and add depth and interest. Don’t forget the ceiling space either – hanging baskets or plant pots look great and save on floor space too if this is limited. "Get creative with a DIY ‘plant wall’ to add a boost of greenery to a blank wall, using planters and pots to create a vibrant display in your home. This can also provide a clever dividing point in open-plan living spaces.” Depending on what type of houseplant you choose depends on the location you should put them in. Not all plants like sunlight, some prefer shaded areas so it is important to check which plant prefers and arrange accordingly. READ MORE: Peace lily: ‘Vital’ care tips for ‘difficult’ plant Dani continued: “Indirect sunlight is the best option to prevent sun-scorching the leaves and keep away from window sills as the sun may be too strong. "Succulents, Cacti and other hardy plants such as Ivy, or Snake Plants thrive in warmer conditions. Keeping windows and doors slightly open will allow a breeze to keep plants cooler – regular watering and misting will prevent soil from drying out. "Keep plants away from direct sunlight in summer and away from radiators in winter. Keeping curtains or blinds partially closed on hot days will help regulate the room temperature and prevent soil from drying out. “Mist plants regularly and water at least once a week during May-September, more during high temperature days. Check water levels by pressing your finger an inch into the soil – if it feels dry then water again. Keep plants away from draughts and cold spots in the house.” The expert also recommended checking for pet and child friendly varieties to keep all family members happy and healthy. Houseplant owners should check weekly for any issues such as insects, mould, wilted and yellowing leaves. If caught early, these can be solved by watering, holding back on watering, removing the insects and cleaning the plant. Dani said: “Using natural and organic materials in the home will extend the outdoors in theme. Choose wicker, rattan, stone and wooden plant pots and furniture to be in keeping with your garden room. “Nature-inspired wall colours are also complementary – such as meadow or sage greens to evoke glass and plants, yellow for the sun and flowers, and blues for the sky and oceans. "Before purchasing any new shelving or furniture for your garden room, check if you have any items you can repurpose, such as an unused piece of wood in the garden shed which can be easily turned into a shelf. “See what you can upcycle or get for free from friends and neighbours. Unwanted wooden crates and boxes can make wonderful plant stands."