Tom Harris, who headed up the pro-Brexit ampaign group Vote Leave in Scotland, claimed Remainers have a "hate that keeps them going". The former Glasgow Cathcart MP even used "apocalyptic language" to describe the ousting of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.  Mr Harris, who also represented Glasgow South as a Labour MP and held a ministerial position under Tony Blair, suggested the Europhile obsession with Brexit and Mr Johnson was likely to become "irrelevant" once the latter leaves Downing Street. He said: "Comparisons are often made (by the same people) of Johnson and Trump, despite the rather obvious fact that Johnson has been one of the most Left wing of his party’s leaders, while Trump… er, has not. "But the same derangement syndrome that compels Democrats to predict the end of the Republic and life as we know it should Trump return to office in 2025, is motivating some on the British Left to use the same apocalyptic language. "Partly this is done to depict the Conservatives as a largely dysfunctional beast, one that is too self-absorbed and fatally divided to be able to govern effectively.  "To be fair, this analysis should not be completely discounted. "But a large part of it speaks to the nightmares that pro-EU, pro-Remain types in the media and politics have about their one victory in the last six years being wrenched from their trembling hands." "The return of Johnson? How could anyone tolerate such a prospect? "In truth, Johnson’s departure will make the Remainers’ constant obsession about Brexit and the 2016 referendum even more irrelevant than it already is." READ MORE: 'Shouldn't have left the EU!' Hospital worker slams Brexit over NHS... Mr Harris also argued Remainers want to continue a "phoney war" of criticising Brexit, Brexiteers and Mr Johnson. However, this is only possible if Mr Johnson remains in the public eye, with his departure from Number 10 potentially causing a problem for the most fervent Europhiles. According to Mr Harris, Remainers will overcome this problem by issuing warnings that Mr Johnson could return to power in the future. The former Shadow Environment Minister also added that Europhiles will ensure the "proletariat’s minds on Europe" by warning that the "dark lord" could return. DON'T MISS: Albanian migrants told to enter UK via Dublin – 'It's secure' [REVEAL] Bin fury– Sturgeon's private rubbish collection funded by Scot taxpyer [INSIGHT] Jacob Rees-Mogg exposes real reason Tory MPs took down Boris [SPOTLIGHT]   He said: "Not a day goes by without an article or a tweet appearing somewhere deploring the fact of Brexit and denigrating the motives of those who voted Leave. "With Johnson still in the public eye – even if he’s only on the back benches or even pursuing a high-profile career outside parliament – they can use him to continue that phoney war. "So Johnson’s critics are torn. "They want him gone, of course, they do. "But they don’t want the voters to forget about the EU or to reconcile themselves to Brexit – that would never do." Mr Johnson, who was one of the leading figures in the Vote Leave campaign during the 2016 EU referendum, announced his resignation as Prime Minister last month. The former London Mayor stepped down after a mass resignation of Cabinet ministers, including Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid. During the EU referendum, 52 percent of Brits voted to leave the Brussels bloc. However, in Scotland, 62 percent of voters opted to stay in the EU. This was a complete reversal of the 1975 referendum on membership of the European Economic Community, which resulted in several Scottish areas voting to leave. 