Fuel prices have started to show a downward trend over the last few weeks, with drivers paying an average of 182.69p per litre for petrol and 192.38p for diesel. While this is a decrease of around 8p for each fuel type compared to a month ago, it is a far cry from last year. At the beginning of August 2021, drivers were seeing average prices of 135.36p per litre for petrol and 136.69p for diesel. Speeding is the biggest contributor to excessive fuel consumption, with drivers urged to have a gentle right foot. The RAC said it is “very important” to ensure all acceleration is gentle as this will lead to more fuel-efficient driving. The motoring organisation added: “Of course you will always have to accelerate a number of times on a journey. READ MORE: 'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack “But that doesn't mean you have to pull away like you're on the starting line at Silverstone.” They added that the “biggest secret” to achieving a high level of miles per gallon (mpg) is driving in the highest possible gear while keeping within the speed limit. The best advice in urban areas is to change up through the gears as quickly as they can with the lowest revs possible, probably at around 2000rpm. The faster an engine spins, the more fuel it uses. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to visit petrol station more often to boost fuel economy [INSIGHT]The best fuel-efficient family cars on the market - Ford, Peugeot, VW [IMPORTANT]Angry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING] The optimum fuel economy speed will be different for every car and vehicle. When the RAC completed its Record Road Trip in the Audi A6 Ultra, that particular car’s optimum fuel economy speed was 52mph in seventh gear on the flat. While there is an ideal speed, road conditions and gradients will often mean that road users cannot drive at their optimal speed. Motorists have to use hypermiling techniques, by improvising and adjusting their driving according to the road ahead. Generally speaking, there is no one driving speed which is optimum for fuel economy. The speed of 56mph has often been talked about as being the optimum speed. The RAC said it was due to the old fuel consumption test being run at three speeds. Urban, 56mph and 75mph were the speeds used in tests, with 56mph always coming out as being the most fuel efficient. On average, most drivers will find the most success when travelling between 45 and 50mph. Fuel economy will also always rely heavily on other factors, including weather conditions and the weight of the vehicle. By removing any unnecessary items like a roof rack or bike rack, drivers can see their fuel economy improve.