Manchester United are dreaming of signing Frenkie de Jong but a deal for the Barcelona star is unlikely to happen, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international was aggressively pursued earlier in the transfer window. But interest has cooled since the Red Devils snapped up Casemiro, who joined from Real Madrid in a huge £60million deal earlier in the month. Manchester United have signed five players this summer in the forms of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen, Casemiro and Antony. And Martin Dubravka is set to become arrival No 6 in the coming hours, with the Slovakia international undergoing a medical at the club’s Carrington training complex. United’s interest in De Jong has cooled, with the Barcelona star set to be pursued in coming transfer windows instead. But Fabrizio Romano, speaking on his YouTube channel, has claimed the Red Devils are still ‘dreaming’ of singing De Jong as the clock ticks down. While that’s the case, however, a transfer before tomorrow’s 11pm deadline is unlikely to materialise. It’s claimed for a deal to happen, De Jong will have to inform his agents that he’s ready to make the move to Old Trafford. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Yet that’s unlikely to happen, with the 25-year-old eager to stay at Barcelona - believing they’re finally in a position to challenge Real Madrid for the world’s biggest trophies. De Jong is settled in the city, too, and doesn’t want to leave for a team who can’t offer him Champions League football. That’s something United are unable to do after finishing sixth in the table under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. And it seems like the Red Devils will be pushing to land De Jong in future transfer windows instead, especially having spent big on Casemiro as an alternative. Romano also dropped updates on Marco Asensio and Victor Osimhen, too, with the Real Madrid and Napoli stars also being linked. United aren’t in for either player at this stage, with the Red Devils prepared to go with what they’ve got unless De Jong suddenly became available. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And it does seem like they won’t be adding to their squad. Regarding outgoings, there could still be several before the transfer window draws to a close. Cristiano Ronaldo still wants to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football, though fresh reports have claimed the 37-year-old is coming round to the idea of staying. James Garner is on the verge of moving to Everton, with United instilling a buy-back clause in his Toffees contract. And if a suitable offer for Aaron Wan-Bissaka arrives, it’s possible Ten Hag will cut the former Crystal Palace star loose - despite saying he’s primed to stay. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Jamie Carragher recently opened up on United’s pursuit of the 25-year-old. And he slammed the Red Devils for landing Casemiro instead, insisting it’s ‘embarrassing’ despite the Brazil international’s glittering CV. “As for United? Well, just look at the Adrien Rabiot deal, which collapsed this week due to the player’s wage demands” Carragher wrote in his Daily Telegraph column. “If you are a club like United, you should not be pulling out of transfers — after agreeing a fee with the selling team — due to wage demands. “Someone at the club should already know what sort of salary the player wants, long before it reaches this point. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “They have also spent weeks chasing Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong, and now they are running around trying to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid. “From De Jong, to Rabiot, to Casemiro. They are all different players with different styles and ages. “What is the plan here? Where is the strategy? It is embarrassing.” Ten Hag has confirmed United are unlikely to add to their squad before the summer transfer window closes at 11pm on Thursday. “I think so, for this window it will be the end,” Ten Hag said. “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert. “Aaron will stay in. This squad we will go from September to minimum January.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here