A sword strike to the arm had severed the muscles of Churchill’s colleague Richard Molyneux during the 1898 Battle of Omdurman, in the Anglo Sudan War. "It was a horrible gash, and the doctor was anxious that it should be skinned over as soon as possible," Churchill reportedly said. "He said something in a low tone to the nurse, who bared her arm. "They retired into a corner, where he began to cut a piece of skin off her to transfer to Molyneux’s wound. "The poor nurse blanched, and the doctor turned upon me.’ Churchill then described how the doctor, a ‘great, raw-boned Irishman,’ told him ‘Oi’ll have to take it off you’. "There was no escape, and as I rolled up my sleeve he added genially, “Ye’ve hear of a man being flayed aloive? Well this is what it feels loike”. "He then proceeded to cut a piece of skin and some flesh about the size of a shilling from the inside of my forearm." It was, Churchill added, ‘a beautiful piece of skin with a thin layer of flesh attached to it". Grafted to his friend’s wound, it did him ‘lasting good’, while Churchill kept the scar as a ‘souvenir". The details of Churchill’s heroics are reported by a team of doctors as part of an article about the history of skin grafting in the medical journal Clinics in Dermatology. The team, from the University of Miami, Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital, Thomas Jefferson University and private practice, used newspaper reports from the time. The team said that the way Churchill described the procedure suggests it was likely a ‘full thickness’ graft, a relatively new procedure at the time. This type of graft had been introduced only in 1875 by an ophthalmic surgeon, John Reissberg Wolfe, in Breslau, now the Polish city of Wroclaw. It was popularised in 1893 by the German surgeon Fedor Victor Krause, they added. "Although Winston Churchill did not expect to be a skin graft donor, he rose to the occasion and came to the rescue of a wounded colleague, although with modesty and humour he implies that the situation left him little choice in the matter,’ the team of doctors concluded in their report. "He deserves much credit for his skin graft donation as do all persons who give the gift of life, whether their blood or an organ, to help a fellow human being."