The 53-year-old has spoken out after people were not happy with her appearance for the role of Pamela Hupp in the new NBC series. After the photos of her circulated online, some labelled the post “fatphobic” and triggering for plus-sized people. In the six-part series, Renee plays the role of convicted murderer Pamela Hupp. Photos of the actress playing the criminal were revealed last year with people instantly noticing how different Renée looked. Contrasting her usual slim physique, the star was seen wearing prosthetics and a padded suit to make her appear larger than she usually is. People instantly hit back at her enlarged appearance with some critics branding it “fatphobic”. The actress has finally touched on the controversy surrounding her look as Pam in an interview with Sunday Times.   She said: “Look, you want to be respectful and responsible. “There’s always a limit to how much you can establish an authentic approximation without being distracting.” Previously, speaking about the costume, the actress revealed it was pretty much head-to-toe. “It was prosthetics, it was a [padded] suit, it was the choice of clothing, it was the briskness in her step-step-step, her gait,” Renée explained.   The actress added: “All of those things were really important because all those bits and pieces are what construct the person that we project our own conclusions and presumptions onto.” In the limited series, which is based on true crimes, viewers witness the story of how the real Pam was involved in the murder of her friend Betsy Faria. The show, which was inspired by the 2019 Dateline podcast of the same name, covers murder, greed, and deception. In 2011, Betsy was discovered stabbed over 50 times by her husband Russell “Russ” Faria.  Although he believed Betsy had taken her own life, Russ was wrongly convicted of murdering her after police stated the wounds were not self-inflicted. Pointing the blame onto Russ, Pam was the prosecution’s star witness in the 2013 murder trial as she was the last person to see her alive. Despite being convicted of first-degree murder, Russo was acquitted in November 2015 after being granted a new trial.    Being a true crime fan, Renée revealed to nine.com that she learnt a lot when researching the story of Pam but isn't legally allowed to talk about it. She said: “This has been such an interesting experience for me because I'm not allowed to talk about the things that I found most shocking or fascinating or the conclusions I drew, or you know, speculation on my part because I'm legally forbidden. “And I wouldn't want to, because we are talking about somebody's life here. “But yes there were things, and maybe one day it'll be public record and we can talk about it again." The series is currently available to stream on Prime Video.  