If you're bored of your current smartphone and fancy trying something new then it might be worth taking a look at what Vodafone has to offer. The UK network has just announced the launch of a new "Trade-In Tool" which it promises will offer higher values to consumers when they hand over their current devices and upgrade to something new. The service, which is part of the MyVodafone App, offers an instant quote for any devices that are in need of refresh with customers simply loading the application and some clever software doing the rest. There's not even any need to know the make and model of the device as the app will work that out automatically and then decide on a trade-in value. Once a quote has been sent, users can then decide whether to take it in cash, credit or simply reduce the monthly price of their new phone. As soon as the deal is agreed, customers then send their old phone back to the network using a pre-paid returns pack or they can drop it off any Vodafone store. READ MORE: BT rival proves why you are paying far too much for your broadband, check your bill now Vodafone says it is the only network that provides customers with an instant and guaranteed evaluation of how much their smartphone is worth before it’s sent in. The UK network is clearly confident that it's offering good value but if you want to make sure you are getting a fair price from Vodafone it's worth checking other trade-in sites such as MusicMagie, Compare and Recycle or CompareMyMobile to see if they will give you anything extra for your old device. It's also worth remembering that Apple and Samsung also offer deals and incentives when customers hand over their ageing tech so do some research before making a commitment. Speaking about the new incentive Max Taylor, Consumer Director, Vodafone UK, said: “People across the UK are understandably extremely value-conscious right now, but we know many still want to get their hands on the latest tech. So for anyone thinking about getting a new smartphone, we urge them to consider trading in with Vodafone as we can guarantee they won’t get a better price for their current device anywhere else. “Getting better value for your current smartphone means that you’ll be able to get the latest handset at a more affordable price, saving you money at a time when it’s really needed.”