The former BBC Crimewatch presenter slammed the broadcaster for not being the “absolute national institution” that it used to be in the past. Speaking to Nigel Farage, she argued the corporation “do not seem to want to question anything” and claimed Covid news coverage from its reporters during the pandemic had her feeling they“did not seem to want to find out the truth and were so frightened about being contrary to the narrative”. She recognised the broadcaster still produces “some good dramas”, also lavishing praise on its world service but criticised its persistence in having “all the woke boxes ticked”. Ms Cook told Nigel Farage: “Sadly, [the BBC] is not looking good. “It was an absolute national institution and they were a huge treasure, and I think they still do some good dramas, although not as good as they used to be. “You see all the woke boxes ticked. “I think the news gathering is really quite shameful, they don’t see to want to question anything. “It is shameful! “Throughout the lockdown, did anybody ever ask why? What’s happening to children? Are they going to be affected if you’re closing down schools? “How are university students going to be affected if you’re shutting down all universities? Did anybody test the PCR tests or test the lateral flow tests and the fact that different laboratories have different standards for them? “We were basing all our policy on that. READ MORE: FOUR days of UK power cuts and blackouts in January warning  “Where was the BBC for goodness sake? “I, in my days, would have been out there, we would have done investigations and found out the truth. “It doesn’t seem to want to do that, they were so frightened about being contrary to the narrative and maybe the only thing that mattered was people not getting Covid, which was never going to happened. “I think a virus does what a virus does.” DON'T MISS: Liz Truss vows to ‘scrap’ investigation against Boris over partygate [WATCH]Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed [LISTEN]Joan Crawford details ‘frightening’ rat scene with Bette Davis [INSIGHT] The comments came as Nigel Farage said and questioned: “I would argue that after the referendum particularly, I don’t think [the BBC] has covered itself in glory “What is the future of the licence fee, the BBC, where does all this go?” Sue Cook is best known for co-presenting with BBC’s Nick Ross the BBC One factual crime show Crimewatch from 1984 until 1995. READ NEXT: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton-John probeEmmerdale bosses confirm three well-loved characters are returning'Shame on BBC!' Radio 2 listeners 'appalled' by Paul O'Grady departureSunak deserted as ex-Minister defects to TrussBrexit FURY as Varadkar unleashes border talks sabotage