Women hoping to reverse the signs of ageing can go down several routes. While cosmetic surgery is certainly a viable anti-ageing option, it is also possible to look younger with natural solutions. Plastic Surgeon Dr Anthony Youn took to his YouTube channel to share the top foods to eat - and which ones to avoid - for youthful skin. Eating your way to younger looking skin does not need to mean giving up treats, according to the expert. Dr Anthony told his four million subscribers: "Here's some good news for those of you who do like to indulge and have a little splurge - dark chocolate is really, really good for your skin." However, the expert warned that the same cannot be said for the extremely popular milk chocolate variation. READ MORE: Appear more toned in 5 minutes with simple body massage He explained: "Milk chocolate is not good for your skin or your health because there's too much sugar in it." Dr Anthony explained that after a long day it is much more beneficial for the complexion to relax with a couple squares of dark chocolate than the same amount of milk chocolate. He explained: "You want to have a cacao percent of 70 percent or more. "That way you're going to have a lower amount of sugar and higher amount of anti-oxidants which are great for your skin." Antioxidants fight against free radicals, which are able to damaging cells and genetic material. Berries, cherries, prunes, apples, pecans, plums, artichokes, black beans and leafy greens are all known to be high in antioxidants too. So when feasting on those dark chocolate squares after dinner, what's the best thing to wash this down with? According to the expert, "red wine is also really good for the skin". READ MORE: 50-year-old shares simple 'secret' to looking 35 - 'no pain no gain' However, this doesn't mean guzzling bottles of the stuff every day, with Dr Anthony suggesting limiting your consumption to one glass for skin benefits. He explained: "The good thing about red wine is that it contains resveratrol, which we are finding out is one of the most powerful anti-ageing antioxidants that you can ingest." He continued that red wine is "the best place" to find resveratrol, although it can also be found in peanuts, pistachios, blueberries and cranberries. Limiting your red wine intake to one glass a day is optimal, claimed the doctor.