The Duke of Cambridge and his father Prince Charles should head to California to speak to Prince Harry in the wake of the new jaw-dropping claims made by the Duchess of Sussex in her latest interview, according to commentator Dan Wootton. The critic of the US-based royals wrote a blistering op-ed entitled "Meghan’s latest comments about the Royal Family and Britain should be the final straw for Prince Harry. Charles and William must now intervene" In the comment piece, the GB News host claimed Meghan and Prince Harry "seem to wish to damage" the institution of the monarchy with their regular revelations and bombshells. Writing in the MailOnline, he added: "That’s why Prince Charles and William, ideally with peacemaker Kate in tow, should board a plane to California. "I know there’s a million reasons why such an idea would be dismissed as preposterous and impossible, especially given the chance of getting through to Harry seems close to nil – he’s co-pilot of this kamikaze mission, after all." However, he added, with this move the senior royals "would have tried everything, on behalf of the Queen, the institution she has worked her life to protect and the country she loves". Meghan chose to speak with New York magazine The Cut for her first major front cover interview since the Sussexes stepped down as working royals in the spring of 2020. The interview touched upon several topics, including how Meghan and Harry fell in love with their mansion in the star-studded neighbourhood of Montecito, Santa Barbara, how the parents are teaching manners to their son Archie Harrison and the fallout with the Royal Family. Among her remarks, the Duchess - who brought her interviewer Allison P. Davies along to pick Archie up from school - claimed that if her son was being educated in the UK the school run would turn into a royal photoshoot with dozens of people snapping pictures. She is quoted saying: "Sorry, I have a problem with that. That doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy. "That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child." READ MORE: Prince Andrew royal comeback in tatters This claim was rebuked by some members of the British press, including the Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer. Speaking about the strict rules in place in the UK concerning reporting around children, even royal ones, Mr Palmer tweeted: "I’m afraid Meghan is a fantasist if she believes this would be a daily occurrence in the UK, where the @ipsonews code has strict rules about the treatment of children in education." The Duke, who chimes in during the interview mostly to speak about the couple's organisation, Archewell, appeared to take a dig at his family. Discussing how they run Archewell from a shared home office, Harry said: "Most people that I know and many of my family, they aren’t able to work and live together. "It’s actually really weird because it’d seem like a lot of pressure. But it just feels natural and normal." Moreover, Meghan appeared to suggest she is trying to "forgive" the Royal Family. After noting she never signed a non-disclosure agreement upon stepping down from her senior role with Harry, the Duchess said: "It takes a lot of effort to forgive. "I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything." No member of the Royal Family has issued a statement yet following the publication of this latest interview. The Firm is likely bracing for more potential digs at its expenses as today will also see the release of the second episode of the podcast series Archetypes, hosted by Meghan. In the first episode, while chatting to her host tennis star Serena Williams, the Duchess seemingly criticised the Palace for asking her to continue to carry out engagements after a fire had broken out in the nursery where her four-month-old son was supposed to be sleeping during the royal tour to South Africa. After saying her son had remained unharmed as he was not in the room when the incident happened, Meghan said: "And of course, as a mother, you go, 'Oh, my God, what?' Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken. "And what do we have to do? Go out and do another official engagement? "I said, 'This doesn't make any sense. Can you just tell people what happened?' "And I think the focus ends up being on how it looks instead of how it feels." This incident took place on the first day of the first day of Meghan and Harry's tour to South Africa in 2019. The pair, Meghan recalled, had left the child in the care of his doting nanny shortly after landing to head to the Nyanga township for their first joint engagement.