LBC host Nick Ferrari has slapped down a caller who brought up Brexit during a debate over the cause of Britain's water woes. Mr Ferrari told the man mockingly: "The fact we haven't got water is not down to Brexit."  Siva, calling from Wimbledon in southwest London, told LBC: "Brexit hasn't worked, nothing has worked in this country for the last..." "Don't bring Brexit into it for goodness sake," interrupted Mr Ferrari. "The fact that we haven't got water is not down to Brexit. For the love of God!" Siva replied: "Nothing has worked! the point here is nothing has worked in this country for the last thirty years." JUST IN: ‘Norway first!’ Panic as UK's BIGGEST importer of gas poised to cut supplies off  Parts of the UK have been hit by water shortages and grass fires ahead of a Met Office amber warning for extreme heat coming into force later this week. The weather warning will come into force for parts of England and Wales from Thursday to Sunday, with temperatures set to climb to 35C or even 36C in some places. Tuesday saw the mercury rise into the high 20s across parts of southern and central England, hitting 30.1C in Ross-On-Wye in Herefordshire. Thames Water has been pumping water into the supply network following a technical issue at Stokenchurch Reservoir in Oxfordshire. READ MORE: Truss's day out: Liz all smiles at Commonwealth Games with family after brutal week  The firm later said it had managed to "improve the situation" and that all customers in the nearby area should now have water but warned that pressure could be lower than normal. "We're continuing to use tankers to pump water into the local supply network and working on other ways to boost supplies to the area," it added. It comes after the company, which supplies water to 15 million customers across London and the Thames Valley, became the latest water company to signal it will bring in a hosepipe ban in the face of the hot, dry summer. Elsewhere, grass fires broke out with about 70 firefighters and 10 fire engines battling a blaze between Junction 25 and Junction 26 of the M25, near Enfield, north London, on Tuesday afternoon. DON’T MISS: UK August heatwave forecast: Meteorologist reveals likelihood of ‘exceptional' 40C blast[INSIGHT]Yorkshire fire: Buildings evacuated as 10 fire appliances attend blaze at Hebden Bridge [REVEAL]Pick up your England souvenir as Lionesses win Euro 2022 Final with victory over Germany [SPOTLIGHT] London Fire Brigade said about five hectares of grass and shrubland were alight while footage shared on social media showed flames and thick black smoke billowing by the motorway, where two lanes have been closed. Another huge fire broke out on Rushmere Heath, near Ipswich, Suffolk, with people told to avoid the area and residents advised to keep doors and windows closed due to the smoke. Meanwhile, a 14-year-old boy died on Tuesday after getting into difficulty in a lake in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire. Emergency services were called to the scene at North Met Lake, off Cadmore Lane, just after 5pm on Monday after reports that a teenager had not re-surfaced after being in the water.