Small rooms can seem like a limitation, but there are plenty of ways to make it seem larger than it really is. Experts from leading window specialists, Safestyle, have shared six interior hacks which will create the illusion of a “bigger and brighter”. Even if you’re renting, the experts said an “easy trick” and “great place” to start is to opt for a light, natural colour scheme to create the illusion of bigger windows. Adam Pawson, Head of Digital at Safestyle says: “Most homes across the UK often have casement windows installed. “If you find your home has small casement windows, you can transform them with some simple interior design hacks. “For example, selecting neutral shades not only instantly brightens a room but these lighter-coloured curtains help natural light shine through, helping to create the  illusion of a bigger room. READ MORE: Houseplant: ‘Good way' to check if plants need water “Another trick is to make sure your curtains are a thick material. “This will help to hide the gap between the wall and the window, helping to create the effect of a larger space.” The expert also recommended opting for draping curtains rather than blinds. He added: “Extending your draperies so that they fall from floor to ceiling and from wall to wall. DON'T MISS:The quiet town where Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes call home [INSIGHT]Three ways to efficiently water your garden during a hosepipe ban [EXPLAINER]Cleaning expert warns against wooden spoon cleaning hack [EXPERT] “This will help to surround your windows, not only making them appear bigger, but it also makes for an elegant style.” Another way to add height to the windows is by raising the curtain road. Adam said this can help to “trick the eyes” into thinking the windows are taller than they are. He explained: “If you don’t own your property, don’t worry there is a renter-friendly hack. Instead of  drilling holes into the walls, choose a stick-on hook. READ MORE: Five ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances “Install four evenly across the length of where the rod is to be placed and make sure you press down before adding the curtain rod into position. “Just make sure the curtain fabric hides the stick-on hooks for a tidy look.” He continued: “To pull this trick off well, make sure you opt for a curtain rod that matches the aesthetic of your scheme. “For example, choose matt black if your home reflects a modern aesthetic or opt for a wooden curtain rod if your home is more traditional.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Creating a focal point in a room can also help to create the illusion of a bigger space. According to the expert, there are different ways to achieve this. Adam said: “If you have a bay window, this is a naturally great opportunity to create a focal point. “These windows not only add depth and dimension to a room but they can be transformed into a cosy reading nook too. “If you have casement windows, consider painting the walls a contrasting colour to the window to make it pop. “Alternatively, choose a bold pattern. Vertical patterns are ideal as it helps to add height to the window.” Creating a focal point in a period property can be a little more challenging as there may already be existing characteristic features. To retain this charm, the expert recommended using a sash window. Adam explained: “This authentic style matches the look and feel of period properties while adding some depth to the window area.” When designing a room with smaller windows, it is important to consider the furniture and decorative pieces in the room. For those with small windows, adding in low furniture can help to make the room look bigger. Adam said flipping a tall bookcase on its side can act as a low side table instead. He added: “This will help to balance out the windows and help them appear taller. “When it comes to light-reflecting decor, mirrors are a great way to make a room appear brighter. “Consider placing a mirror on a wall opposite a window to reflect the natural light. This will help to make a room feel bigger. “Another way you can consider using mirrors is by using them in the space your window looks out onto. For example, in the garden. This not only bounces more natural light into your home but helps to extend your living space too.”