Even if fees to sign football’s most talented players has skyrocketed in recent years, clubs can sill snag themselves bargain to prove that some of the best transfers are the ones that cost nothing. When there is no fee, there is no risk attached and players can often be found to be more willing to prove themselves on a shorter deal after being left without a club. Players are willing to throw it all on the line in order to secure a bigger payday, but there is always a danger involved that running down your contract can leave you without a club heading into the new season. And sure enough, an array of top players are still available to snap up in mid-August, days after the Premier league season got underway. Those still looking for a club some include former players who were under contract to Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United at one point in their careers, opening the door for their rivals to swoop in and secure a freebie deal. Express Sport looks at seven players who could make the move this summer after being left without a club. READ MORE: Cavani 'picks next destination' after leaving Man Utd behind Given Manchester United’s current striker availability, signing up Cavani for another one-year deal would not be the worst option for Erik ten Hag right now. Anthony Martial is out for a number of weeks and Cristiano Ronaldo is unhappy, forcing the Dutchman to play with a false nine against Brighton. It didn’t work and United paid the price, losing 2-1 on the opening day of the season. The only downside to trying to get back the 34-year-old is that he looks set to sign a short-term contract with Argentinian outfit Boca Juniors. Perhaps United will have some regrets about letting him go. It is hard to believe that only three years ago, Atletico Madrid £58m to re-sign Costa from Chelsea. Only 18 months later, he tore up his contract with Los Colchoneros and headed back to his native Brazil with Atletico Mineiro. However, the 32-year-old remains without a club after his deal expired with the Brazilian outfit. Costa has been linked with West Ham and Wolves in the past, but it seems unlikely the Spain international will be returning to England anytime soon. A player with excellent technical abilities and a model professional, it is a surprise that Mata has so far struggled to seal a move elsewhere despite links with Leeds. The playmaker left United after eight years at Old Trafford and recently said he is open to joining another Premier League club — and there is no doubt the diminutive midfielder has plenty to offer this season, even at 34 years of age. While a move back to Spain looks more likely than him securing a deal with a top-flight team, Mata's 11-year love affair with the Premier League could yet go on. Tottenham agreed to release Aurier so that he could join Villarreal last summer but the full-back’s time in Spain was short-lived to say the least. He spent just one season with Unai Emery’s side and is back not the market. The Ivorian has a tendency to make high-profile errors but for the right club, the 29-year-old could prove to be a solid addition to the squad. Fulham were interested in the defender in July and a return to London could hold some appeal for the former Spurs man. Arsenal have been linked with just about everyone in the transfer window, but their interest in former Hoffenheim star Grillitsch was thought to be genuine. The Austrian, who can play in midfield or defence, is available after turning down a deal with the Bundesliga outfit. Brighton have also joined the race for the 27-year-old, although according to Sky Germany, interest from Turkish trio Galatasaray, Besiktas, and Trabzonspor could tempt the versatile midfielder to consider making the trip to the Super Lig instead. Linked with Arsenal and Newcastle, Belotti was thought to be heading for Wolves on a three-year deal as Bruno Lage searches for cover for Raul Jimenez. But the Italian, who left Torino after 113 goals in seven years at the club, now looks set to remain in Serie A. Jose Mourinho is set to pull off another fine deal after landing Paulo Dybala by adding 28-year-old Belotti to his strikeforce. There is still time for another Premier League club to hijack the deal, with nothing agreed yet, but a player of Belotti’s won’t be hanging around for much longer. Joining Mata and Cavani in the pile of United’s unwanted players, Januzaj has struggled to find a club willing to meet personal terms after making a surprise departure from Real Sociedad. According to the Liverpool Echo, Everton have discussed the possibility of signing the Belgian winger on a short-term deal which makes sense given their lack of options in attack. That would see Januzaj make his Premier League return after leaving United in 2017.