Antiques Roadshow visited Scone Palace in Scotland in a previously aired episode of the BBC show. Expert Bill Harriman was tasked with evaluating a collection of medals and memorabilia belonging to a WW1 pilot. However, the young guest who was the great-grandson of the pilot told the expert if it was up to him he “wouldn’t sell” the items. The Antiques Roadshow expert asked: “Who is this chap sitting in the cockpit?” The young guest revealed the man is his great grandfather, Graham. Looking at the table full of medals and memorabilia, the expert asked how the guest came to acquire the items. “Well my dad was the one who found it he just let me look at it and I think it’s amazing,” the guest replied. Read more: Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Art Deco ring's 'ridiculous' value “It was amongst your grandfather's effects?” Bill asked. “Yeah, they just sort of fell over it? How lucky is that?” Pointing to the image of Graham in the cockpit, Bill asked: “Do you know what sort of gun that is?” The guest questioned whether it was an “early machine gun”. “It’s a lewis gun and it was specifically made for aircraft use, it has a big drum on the top which holds the best part of 100 cartridges and the way he would use that, you can see it’s mounted over the wing, that means it fires over the top of his propeller,” Bill explained. The expert pointed to a package with the words “on his majesty’s service” emblazoned. Graham’s great-grandson revealed the serviceman’s medals were kept in the envelope. He then showed Bill the three medals his family had discovered as the expert confirmed their origin. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow star Eric Knowles values Express readers' treasures [INTERVIEW]Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow: 'Wonderful' Japanese pen given enormous valuation [VIDEO] Bill pointed to the “victory medal” and the “war medal” which he stated, “always came together”. “We see a lot of them on Antiques Roadshow but yours are really special because yours are to a pilot in the Royal Flying Corps which was the beginning of the airforce and in the year 2012 that was the 100th anniversary that they set up this Royal Flying Corps,” he said. “Before that aviation had been managed separately by the army,” Bill quipped. “Someone thought air is a really important strategic idea, we’re going to have one body that covers it and it’s going to be called the Royal Flying Corps. “Consequently it wasn’t very big and so a medal like those two with Royal Flying Corps on it makes it very special.” The collection also included the pilot’s watch he wore while flying and his log books. “I don’t think I’ll ever sell it,” the young guest replied when Bill asked if he had estimated the collection’s worth. Bill revealed the “fantastic” items could be worth up to £1,500 if sold at auction. Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.