Judge Glenn Feldman has been ridiculed for his controversial scorecard during the Anthony Joshua- Oleksandr Usyk rematch on Saturday night. The American scored the fight 115-113 for AJ despite many believing that Usyk had clearly won the contest. The Cat was awarded the victory in Saudi Arabia via a split decision as he defended his WBA (super), WBO and IBF heavyweight titles while capturing the lineal heavyweight crown (Ring Magazine belt). Ukraine's Viktor Fesechko scored it 116-112 to Usyk and Steve Gray of Great Britain had it 115-113 in the champion’s favour as the words “and still” rang around the King Abdullah Sport City Arena. But despite the right man getting the nod, fans and pundits alike were left in utter disbelief by Feldman’s perceived ‘incompetency’ and flooded social media with messages of discontent. Legendary boxing trainer Teddy Atlas tweeted: “Split decision???? Please take away that judge’s license, and never allow him near a score card again!! #UsykJoshua2 #boxing.” Fellow trainer Shane McGuigan wrote: “Scorecards far too close for me. I had it 8-4 Usyk. He boxed tactically a great fight & fought for his nation. Respect.” One fan added: “Glenn Feldman needs to be investigated. How do you score that for Joshua? There’s no way he won that fight lmao.” “Don’t know what's more embarrassing AJ speech or that judge who must have been watching a different fight and put AJ ahead on the scorecards #AJvsUsyk,” said a Twitter user. And another wrote: “Couldn’t believe it shocking was a close fight but them scorecards were way off.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Anthony Joshua fights back tears after losing to Oleksandr Usyk again Joshua team 'left him out to dry' as Clarke apologises for rant Joshua storms out the ring in fury, shouts at Usyk  “Nothing surprises me when it comes to scorecards now, it's absolutely disgusting,” concluded a disgruntled observer. Very few agreed with Feldman’s verdict including Joshua’s own promoter, Eddie Hearn, who admitted his fighter had lost by “two rounds.” Speaking to iFL TV he said: "Buncey [Steve Bunce] had Joshua up, a few people had Joshua up. I felt he lost by two rounds but when it's 115-113, it's the swing of one or two rounds and you can see it the other way. "I had AJ level or maybe up at the end of the ninth but Usyk winning the last three rounds. I thought he was incredible and it was one of the great performances. The ninth, Usyk was all over the place. He was hurt badly. "He looked like he could be done. What he did in the tenth was unbelievable and that's why he was pound-for-pound No 1. The amount of punches he threw in the tenth was incredible. I just couldn't believe what he did in the championship rounds."