Manchester United want to make four new signings before the September 1 transfer deadline but the Red Devils will only move for Antony OR Cody Gakpo - not both. Erik ten Hag is looking to turn the screw in his pursuit of reinforcements following his side's 4-0 capitulation at Brentford last weekend. Casemiro is expected to be the first through the door but the Brazilian won't be registered in time to face Liverpool on Monday night at Old Trafford. However, it seems the Real Madrid anchorman won't be the only new arrival in the coming weeks with several other additions also on the agenda. According to The Telegraph, United want four new faces to cap their summer business after already adding Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez to the squad. It's understood another forward, midfielder and goalkeeper is also on the agenda, while a new right-back may also be necessary if Aaron Wan-Bissaka departs. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transfer The report states that United will only look to bring one of Antony or Gakpo through the door though and not both. United have already made a £67million bid for the 22-year-old Ajax star but the approach was rebuffed by the Amsterdam giants. Antony is doing his best to force through the move though after asking to be left out of Ajax's trip to Sparta Rotterdam on Sunday. Ajax manager Alfred Schreuder has made it clear the club remain in control of their own destiny when it comes to keeping their star player. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone call He told ESPN Netherlands: “Yes, my feeling is positive on Antony deal. I understand Antony, but… here you play for Ajax. “We are playing Champions League football. I don't think Manchester United are playing Champions League football… “We have already lost five or six big players and I don't want Antony to leave the club. I told the board that I want him to stay here. “I am assuming that the club will not sell Antony as we’re in a good financial position." Gakpo is far more attainable for United given he is currently valued at around £34m. Yet PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy will not entertain losing his talisman until after the club's Champions League play-off second leg against Rangers next week. Interestingly, fresh reports in the Dutch media suggest United are pushing to sign BOTH Antony and Gakpo to bolster their forward line. Cristiano Ronaldo's future still remains unclear but he is very much expected to stay put following the arrival of his former Real Madrid team-mate Casemiro.