There was an outpouring of well wishes on social media for the princess, who turned 34 today but as yet the Royal Family has not publicly sent any greetings. One user, Sarahsecret (@sarahinroyal) wrote: "Wishing a very happy 34th birthday to Princess Beatrice! Another, Suzanne(@Suzanne_Brmptn) wrote: "Wishing HRH Princess Beatrice a very Happy Birthday and all the best". Meanwhile, Teury Potter (@potterteury1218) said: "Today We Wishing Her A Happy Birthday To Princess Beatrice (August 8, 1988). "She Turns 34 Years Old Today And Please Help Her Celebrate Her Big Day For The Royal Family!" The Legal Monarchist (Ed W) (@RoyaltyandLaw) added: "Happy 34th Birthday to my favourite Royal - Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice, Mrs (Countess) Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi!! "Her Royal Highness was born on August 8, 1988 at 8.18 pm!" O kingdom (@omabelllll) joined the Legal Monarchist in describing Princess Beatrice as their "favourite" royal, writing: "Wishing a happy 34th birthday to my favourite Princess of York, Princess Beatrice！ "I love how close she is to William and Catherine". Arkell Dyslexia, a charity of which Princess Beatrice is a patron, also wished the royal a happy birthday. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie have no place in slimmed-down monarchy –YOU VOTED The organisation wrote on Twitter: "Many happy returns to our Patron, HRH Princess Beatrice. "We hope you enjoy a lovely birthday!" However, senior members of the Royal Family are yet to publicly wish the princess a happy birthday. DON'T MISS: The two royals who 'came out very supportive' for Queen after loss [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [INSIGHT] Beatrice's birthday previously snubbed by Royal Family unlike Meghan's [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle celebrated her 41st birthday last week. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, along with Kate and William all publicly wished her a happy birthday. Princess Beatrice typically celebrates her birthday in private. She is likely to mark the occasion with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and their daughter, Sienna Elizabeth. Last year, Edoardo paid tribute to his wife on Instagram on her birthday, sharing a picture of the couple with a sea view in the background. He captioned the picture: "Happy birthday my love. "I love you with all my heart."