Convenience store SPAR has recalled a popular snack due to undeclared almonds. This may pose a risk to those with an almond (nut) allergy. SPAR Spread Up Choco Duo Hazelnut Pack size: 400g Best before: September 2022, December 2022 and January 2023. READ MORE: Update: Tesco recalls popular snack due to undeclared ingredient  The Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued a risk statement regarding the recall. It stated: "This product contains almonds (nuts) making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to almonds (nuts)." SPAR has taken action to prioritise the safety of its customers by recalling the product. It explained: "SPAR is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. "This notice explains to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product." The notice from SPAR reads: "As a precaution, SPAR is recalling the following product as it contains undeclared Allergen: Almond." The retailer emphasised that customers should not consume the product but rather return it to the store they purchased it from. READ MORE: Stop apples going brown and mushy with easy food storage hack  Customers who do this will be issued a full refund. SPAR also apologised for the inconvenience caused by the recall. The FSA continued with some advice for customers: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to almonds (nuts) do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund." While food recalls are not common, it is important to take them seriously and follow the guidance given. The FSA said: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert.