Arsenal hero Alan Smith has piled the pressure on Gabriel Jesus by tipping the Brazil international to score at least 20 Premier League goals for the Gunners this season. Mikel Arteta’s team signed Jesus earlier this summer after shelling out £45million to prise him away from Manchester City. “I do [share the excitement about Jesus],” Smith exclusively told Express Sport in association with Sky Bet. “When he was bought, it looked a good signing. “But there’s a doubt in your mind about playing on the right under [Pep] Guardiola, being in and out of the team, whether he could hack it as a centre forward. That question still remains, no matter how well he’s done in pre-season. “But I think he’s of a profile where he wants to put a foot down on his career and prove that he can score goals, through the middle, for a big Premier League club. I think he can. It’s important for a striker [to score in pre-season]. It was for me. You’re always desperate to get a few to get your confidence going and find your touch in front of goal. READ MORE: Mikel Arteta makes transfer promise to Arsenal fans ahead of Palace “He seems to be getting used to the players around him too, and the creativity around him is second to none. If he gets on the same wavelength as [Martin] Odegaard, [Bukayo] Saka, [Gabriel] Martinelli and the rest, then he’s going to get a lot of chances - 20, 25 goals? I’d see that as a realistic target. “Maybe not 25 in the Premier League but, as long as he stays fit, there’s no reason why he shouldn’t get 20 or more.” Jesus spent five-and-a-half years at the Etihad Stadium after joining the Citizens from Palmeiras in his homeland at the start of 2017. And during his time in the north west, he racked up 95 goals and 46 assists in 233 matches. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag slams 'unacceptable' Ronaldo for early pre-season exitChelsea's electric XI with De Jong and make two more new signingsTottenham have Zaniolo swap possibility after AC Milan pull plug on two deals  He is now set to lead the Arsenal line after linking up with former City assistant manager Mikel Arteta in north London. And the ace will be confident of enjoying a fine season after notching seven goals in five pre-season matches. The Sky Bet Fan Hope Survey asked fans from all 20 Premier League clubs to share their levels of optimism for the 2022/23 campaign on a scale of one to 10 (with one being not optimistic at all and 10 being very optimistic), with Arsenal fans scoring 6.9. Despite his topsy turvy start to life at the Emirates Stadium, Gunners fans are more than happy with the development Arteta is making, as a remarkable 88 per cent of fans believe the Spaniard is the right man to take the club forward. Additionally, in terms of the club’s competitions this season, 59 per cent of fans see a top-four finish in the Premier League as more important than winning the Europa League. To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here 