Mobile phones and other electronic devices are a common part of everyday life, so it's no surprise they are regularly packed in hand luggage before jetting off overseas. However, Britons who plan to pack electronics should be aware of some key rules which, if broken, could see their beloved devices confiscated. Experts from International Citizens Insurance say this can be "surprising" to passengers who have not read up on airline rules and regulations. The experts explain: "If you cannot turn on your devices when requested by security personnel, they can take it from you, placing your holiday snaps in jeopardy." Electronic devices include mobile phones, laptops and tablets. On its travel advice pages, Gov.uk warns Britons: "Make sure your electronic devices are charged before you travel. READ MORE: Britons should use 'shampoo bottle' to avoid being robbed on holiday "If your device does not switch on when requested, you will not be allowed to take it onto the aircraft." Though not all passengers are stopped and asked to "switch on" their devices, random spot checks may be carried out at some airport security points. This is why holidaymakers must ensure their devices have at least enough power to turn on should they be asked to do so. British Airways urges passengers not to let their devices run down. On its website, the British flag-bearing airline explained: "You can generally take electric and electronic items in your hand or checked baggage, but need to follow specific safety instructions. "Airport security staff may ask you to turn on electronic or battery-powered devices, such as phones, tablets, e-books and laptops, to demonstrate their function. "If you're not able to do this, you will not be able to take your device with you. "Please ensure that any items in your hand baggage are fully charged and switched on before you arrive at the airport. DON'T MISS Flight attendant shares hack to deter bedbugs on holiday [INSIGHT]8 of the prettiest places to visit in Wales [FULL LIST]Restaurant hits back at Brit's TripAdvisor review over '£50 lemonade' [REPORT] "If your device is not charged, please place it in your checked baggage. "If you are connecting, make sure that you do not deplete power in your devices during the first part of your journey as charging points at airports might be very limited and you may need an adapter." British Airways provides plug and USB sockets on aircraft to allow passengers to charge devices while in transit. If you can not switch on an electrical device when requested, the item could be seen as a security risk. The US was the First Nation to implement this security check, with the UK following quickly behind. In 2014, American officials stated there was a “credible terrorist threat” which prompted the rule. Though nothing was confirmed, there was speculation over explosives being hidden within electronic devices. In a post on its website at the time of the rule change, the US Transportation Security Administration (TSA) said: "During the security examination, officers may also ask that owners power up some devices, including cell phones. "Powerless devices will not be permitted onboard the aircraft. The traveller may also undergo additional screening.”