Bold measures are needed to stop families being pushed into a frightening and devastating financial crisis in the coming months. New analysis shows the price cap for the average household could rise to £5,038 from next April. Boris Johnson has called on companies to act "in the national interest" but government must prepare for the worst.  Not only are there fears that bills will plunge households into fuel poverty, there is the worry that energy shortages will result in blackouts. The country is basking in sunshine - and baking in record heat - but the nation must not be caught unprepared for the cold weather that winter will bring.We cannot neglect the needs of the most vulnerable citizens, and nor should we allow the energy price crisis to wreck the economy. If people cannot afford to heat their homes lives will be lost. We need tough and visionary leadership. We hope the next Prime Minister will deliver exactly that.  Tackling diabetes is one of the great health challenges facing Britain.Thirteen percent of NHS spending on prescriptions in England now goes on drugs and products to treat diabetes - up from 10 percent six years ago. Diabetes UK described the condition as "one of the fastest-growing health crises in the UK" and the number of patients receiving treatment now stands at more than three million, with nearly five million people thought to be living with diabetes. The National Obesity Forum has called for tougher action to stop further increases in diabetes cases. A failure to address this health threat will result in more people suffering eye and kidney problems, heart attacks and strokes, and nerve damage.The country is facing multiple challenges but inaction on this front is not an option. There is something fishy in the fashion industry now that Captain Birds Eye has his own brand of swimming shorts.The nautically inspired garments are made from recycled plastic recovered from the sea. Will other famous names in frozen food launch their own clothing lines? Might designers flock to Iceland instead of Milan in search of inspiration? The Captain might snort at the suggestion he could become an icon of haute couture - wearing such garb on his voyages through icy waters would truly shiver his timbers.