Chelsea's pursuit of Leicester City centre-back Wesley Fofana is entering its crucial stages with just nine days remaining of the summer transfer window. The player is seemingly trying to push through the move from his end but big money will need to change hands for the Blues to get their man before September 1. Chelsea's hunt for defensive reinforcements isn't as desperate as it was several weeks ago thanks to the arrivals of Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella. But manager Thomas Tuchel would still be keen for another body at the back and Fofana is of the calibre to make an instant impact, despite his young age. Two bids have supposedly been knocked back by Leicester in an attempt to shoo Chelsea away. But, led by new co-owner Todd Boehly, the west London outfit have been reluctant to give in and are expected to have one final crack at convincing the Foxes to do business. With so much to unpack in one of the summer's defining sagas, Express Sport takes you through three of the most important storylines surrounding the deal... JUST IN: Chelsea chief Todd Boehly eyes eight more exits as Emerson Palmieri 'agrees' West Ham move £20m back-up option Despite Chelsea's persistence, it is not a case of Fofana or bust as Tuchel and Boehly have supposedly drawn up a list of alternative options should the move fall through. Brighton centre-back Adam Webster is among them, according to The Daily Mail, having impressed since his £20m move from Bristol City in 2019.  Whether the Seagulls would sell yet another key player this summer remains to be seen, with Marc Cucurella already bedding in at Stamford Bridge after leaving the Amex. Webster is a physical presence at 6ft 3in tall but is also adept at carrying the ball out from the back and breaking the lines. When quizzed on the prospect of Fofana leaving a couple of weeks ago, Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers was firmly opposed to the idea. And who could blame him? James Maddison and Youri Tielemans are also linked elsewhere and the Foxes are yet to bring in any new faces of their own. But according to CBS Sports, Leicester have now changed their tune. Talks between Rodgers and Fofana have failed to bear fruit and there is supposedly a feeling that Chelsea could land the star for less than the current £80million world-record fee for a defender, set by Harry Maguire in 2019. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have four stars to thank after accomplishing rare featLeeds hero Danny Mills has Brenden Aaronson doubt despite superb startMbappe and Messi bury the hatchet to combine for eight-second goal Speak of the Red Devil... Rodgers was keen to cite Maguire's move to Manchester United when discussing the nature of Fofana's current predicament. The Northern Irishman suggested that his wantaway defender, who was spotted sulking in the stands after asking to be left out of the squad against Southampton on Saturday, could take a leaf out of Maguire's book. "I know football and how it works," he said. "It’s an amazing profession. It’s a business for clubs, for players it’s a dream. They’re trying to fulfil their dreams. So I understand it for both, it’s why I provide the bridge in terms of trying to advise him what’s the best way to behave. "That’s why I have always spoken so well of Harry Maguire, because of how he was when he was here at the time when he went for a world-record fee for a defender. I’ve been in these situations before so you manage it how you see fit and my experience helps in these moments."  Despite Chelsea's persistence, it is not a case of Fofana or bust as Tuchel and Boehly have supposedly drawn up a list of alternative options should the move fall through. Brighton centre-back Adam Webster is among them, according to The Daily Mail, having impressed since his £20m move from Bristol City in 2019. Whether the Seagulls would sell yet another key player this summer remains to be seen, with Marc Cucurella already bedding in at Stamford Bridge after leaving the Amex. Webster is a physical presence at 6ft 3in tall but is also adept at carrying the ball out from the back and breaking the lines.