Nancy Rooks-Givhan worked as a maid and cook for Elvis Presley at Graceland from 1967 until even after his death in 1977. RS Lewis & Sons Funeral Home in Memphis, Tennessee have officially announced that The King’s last surviving housekeeper died on August 15, 2022 at the age of 84. That’s just one day off the 45th anniversary of the star’s death which she recalled vividly in interviews. Elvis’ girlfriend from 1972-76, Linda Thompson has paid tribute to Nancy by posting a picture of the former maid and a card from her after saying in contact for almost 50 years. The 72-year-old captioned her post: “This lovely card is a beautiful reminder of how we should always treat people - with love, equality and respect - no matter their station in life. It is so gratifying for me and warms my heart to know that all of the housekeepers at Graceland knew that I loved & appreciated them. This card is from Nancy Rooks who just passed away… The last one living of Elvis’s housekeepers. Nancy was a sweet, conscientious, humble and strong woman… She called me frequently and sent me Christmas cards every year for all these 45 years since Elvis’s passing. For me this is what life is all about… Treating people the way we would like to be treated and leaving good memories wherever we go. May God rest your sweet soul dear Nancy as you join Pauline, Lottie, Mary & your former ‘boss man’ Elvis in heaven. Thank you for your TLC.” Nancy went on to co-author The Presley Family Cookbook and her own memoir, Inside Graceland: Elvis’ Maid Remembers. Speaking previously with The Guardian, she shared how The King once bought her a car as he often did for friends and family. The cook would make “Mr Elvis” his famous peanut butter and banana sandwiches and Southern home-cooked lunches. On his first meal of the day, the maid, who called The King “my big brother” said: “He'd eat breakfast at 5pm: eggs, a pound of bacon, fresh orange juice, biscuits, half a grapefruit. At midnight, he'd have meatloaf, baked potatoes, beef, cut up in bites.” In the 45 years since The King died, the maid has shared her last conversation with the star and how his final girlfriend Ginger Alden called her when she tragically found his “blue” body. READ MORE: Elvis' brother pays emotional tribute to King 45 years after death Speaking with ClassicBands.com, Nancy remembered how she was the only maid in the day that Elvis died on August 16, 1977. The King came into the mansion early that morning after having played racquetball in his personal court with Ginger and his cousin Billy Smith and his wife Jo. Nancy recalled: “So, he came in early that morning from the racquet club, him and one of the other bodyguards. He stands on the steps waiting to go upstairs, in the kitchen. I said ‘You want some breakfast Mr. Elvis?’ He says ‘No, I don't want anything to eat now. I just want to get some sleep. But what I would like to have is some water.’ I said ‘Well, OK. That's no problem.’ So, I told Pauline to take him some water upstairs. We didn't carry him water in a big glass like you would probably drink out of. You remember you used to buy orange juice and it had the hand thing on the side of the jug? It had hand claps on the side where you could hold it. But anyway, I carried him some ice water, upstairs. Pauline said ‘I ain't never knowed him to grab that water and drink it like he drank it this morning.’ I said ‘He's probably just tired. He just came from playing racquet and probably was hot. That's why he probably drinking the water like he drank it.’ She said ‘But I ain't never seen him do that before.’” DON'T MISSElvis shared fear about marrying 15-year-old Priscilla to Barbara Eden [ELVIS MARRIAGE]Elvis death: Linda Thompson unveils her secret funeral tribute to King [ELVIS FUNERAL]Elvis astonished Barbara Eden on Flaming Star 'No one else does that!' [ELVIS CO-STAR] Asked how Elvis was looking that morning, Nancy claimed “great”, but by lunchtime she heard a loud noise from upstairs between 9:30 and 10am. At 1:50pm, the phone intercom rang and it was Ginger saying: “Who’s down there? Something bad has happened up here!" Nancy remembered: “I said ‘What is it?’ She went to crying and I said. ‘Oh my God, it must be bad’. I put the telephone down then. I go upstairs myself because I thought maybe he had did something. Sometime he might bust some glass up there. I go upstairs and go down the little hallway there and into the dressing room area. I seen him on the floor. I said ‘Oh my God, what is this?’” The maid headed back downstairs and alerted the Memphis Mafia. By the time the ambulance arrived she was showing the drivers how to reach Elvis’ body. Nancy added: “I let 'em in when they got there. They didn't know how to get upstairs with the stretchers. So I showed them how to handle them stretchers over their heads, going up the steps and when they get up those steps to bring him back down. But when they brought him back down, he looked just like he was asleep. But he had passed some time earlier. He had blue spots on [his face].” She continued working at Graceland for the rest of the family until 1982 around when the mansion was opened as a museum. During those six years she said of Elvis’ off-limits bedroom: “We'd go upstairs and clean up there proper maybe once or twice a month to make sure it not get too dusty up there.” Nancy was then moved across the road to run the cash register atHeartbreak Restaurant and Rockabilly’s until June 1993, the same year The King’s Aunt Delta, the final permanent resident of Graceland died. SOURCE: THE GUARDIAN SOURCE: CLASSIC BANDS