Scotland Yard revealed a man was killed following a number of violent incidents around the area covering the Notting Hill Carnival. Metropolitan Police Events tweeted at 2.22am: “Regrettably, on Monday evening we saw a number of violent incidents including one in which a 21-year-old man was killed.    “Homicide detectives are leading an investigation to identify those responsible. “Anyone with information is urged to come forward.” Around 8pm on Monday evening, the force were alerted to a stabbing in Ladbroke Grove, under the Westway flyover. Officers in attendance provided emergency first aid to the 21-year-old victim until London Ambulance Service paramedics arrived at the scene. Paramedics were able to move the man through the carnival crowds in what has been called “challenging circumstances” to a nearby ambulance. The man was then taken to a hospital in West London where he was pronounced dead despite the efforts of the officers and medical staff. According to the Metropolitan Police, the man's next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers. Dr Alison Heydari, Commander of Local Policing, said: “The atmosphere over the past two days has been largely positive and good-natured as Carnival should be. “Regrettably, on Monday evening we saw a number of violent incidents and a 21-year-old man has lost his life. “Our thoughts are with his family as they come to terms with their terrible loss.” She added: “A murder investigation is underway, led by homicide detectives from the Met’s Specialist Crime Command. “They will pursue every possible line of enquiry to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin faces revolt within Kremlin The Commander continued: “There were hundreds of people in the immediate vicinity when this incident took place. “I would urge anyone who saw anything, who has video footage or who has any other information that could assist officers, to come forward.” Those with information can contact the force on 101 using the reference 7478/29AUG. Alternatively, information can be given anonymously to Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111. The Carnival, which celebrates Caribbean culture, was clouded by violence and other forms of crime, including sexual assault, with a total of 209 arrests made by the early hours of Tuesday morning since the event started. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle drops new 'top-secret' bombshell on royal fans (INSIGHT)Woke warrior torn apart after calling for GARDENING to be renamed (REVEAL)Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust (POLL) The highest numbers of arrests were made for possessing a weapon, assault and possession of drugs. Thirty-three arrests were made over the weekend for possession of an offensive weapon, 46 for assault and 36 for possession of drugs. The announcement of a murder investigation comes after Scotland Yard implemented a Section 60 order around Carnival due to “serious stabbings”. A Section 60 order is part of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act which allows officers to conduct stop and searches for "dangerous instruments and offensive weapons" without needing suspicion following major incidents. A Section 60 can only be enacted for a specific period of time within a certain area if it is thought that there will be further violence in that area. The Met Police previously enforced similar orders during Notting Hill celebrations in both 2018 and 2019.