Real Madrid are not ‘overly upset’ at Casemiro’s imminent move to Manchester United, according to reports. The Red Devils agreed a £60million deal with their La Liga counterparts earlier in the week, having cooled their interest in Frenkie de Jong. And, in the 30-year-old, they’re landing one of the most decorated players in the whole of world football. Manchester United had set their sights on De Jong earlier in the summer but, with a deal for the Barcelona star difficult to broker, have now recruited Casemiro instead. And the Daily Mail say Real are relaxed over losing the 30-year-old, who has been instrumental as they’ve won five Champions League trophies over the years. Real signed Aurelien Tchouameni earlier in the summer, beating Liverpool to the 22-year-old. He, along with Eduardo Camavinga, is viewed as their future. And they’re not known for reflecting on the past. Real have lost club legends such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Raphael Varane and Sergio Ramos in recent years but, despite that, have remained successful. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd They feel the fee for Casemiro ‘makes the same sort of sense’ as when they accepted offers for Ronaldo and Varane, while Ramos was allowed to leave for free. And the report adds that while Real have been linked with Newcastle’s Bruno Guimaraes, he isn’t a player on their radar right now. Casemiro had previously admitted he’d love to end his career at the Bernabeu, where he’s spent the majority of his glittering career. But with United offering him a four-year contract, and a significant pay rise, he’s decided to leave. When Real first got wind of the Red Devils’ interest, they allowed the former Sau Paulo star to decide his own future. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already And a new challenge in the Premier League now awaits, with Casemiro hoping to re-awaken a sleeping giant and bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. He’s not expected to be the last signing the club make before the summer transfer window slams shut on September 1, either. United want a back-up goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, who has endured a difficult start to the season so far. Yann Sommer appears to be their preferred targets after scouts watched him in action for Borussia Monchengladbach on Friday night, though Tim Krul and Dan Bachmann are alternatives. United would like to sign a right-back, with Barcelona’s Sergino Dest and Monaco’s Vanderson in their sights. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. The Red Devils could still try and land De Jong, despite a deal for the Netherlands international looking improbable. And United are keen to bolster their attacking options, too, with interest in Antony and Cody Gakpo of Ajax and PSV Eindhoven respectively well-documented. Meanwhile, though United are delighted at the capture of Casemiro, club icon Wayne Rooney has some concerns over the deal for the 30-year-old. "This goes back to the need to look to the future," he told The Times when quizzed on the midfielder. "Ideally, they should be signing players in their early to mid-twenties, and Casemiro is similar to Christian Eriksen — someone who has been a good player, but are they going to help the club move forward? Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Frenkie de Jong, Ten Hag’s principal midfield target, would be a better fit. "The Casemiro deal seems to have come from nowhere, and looks a reactive signing — I’d be surprised if he was a player identified as a priority to bring in when ten Hag arrived. “It looks like, having been unable to sign de Jong, United just reacted to Casemiro being available." United are next in action against Liverpool on Monday night. But Casemiro won't be involved in that fixture, with the Brazil international expected to make his debut against Southampton next weekend instead. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here