Netflix’s award-winning series Stranger Things made its long-awaited return to screens in July with season four. The instalment included a huge focus on Max Mayfield with Sadie praised for her performance. However, the actress revealed she was almost replaced before she even made her debut.   After making her debut on the series in season two, Max became a fan-favourite as she joined the close-knit group of friends. The character was brought even more into the spotlight during season four after she was taken as a victim by the latest villain, Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). While it would be hard for fans to envision anyone else playing Max, actress Sadie revealed she almost didn’t land her breakout role due to her age. Sadie shared producers were initially hesitant to cast her to play the youngster.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery  In her interview with Deadline, she reflected on the early days and spoke about the tough process to secure the role. Sadie revealed: “I just begged and pleaded with them to give me more material so I could show them something fresh." Although she was 14 years old at the time, bosses believed she was too old to portray a 13-year-old. The actress was determined to prove herself and thankfully her efforts paid off as she has now become a household name.   Producers changed their minds after a successful table-read with her co-stars Gaten Matarazzo who plays Dustin Henderson and Caleb McLaughlin who stars as Lucas Sinclair. Those characters were the first characters Max hit it off with when she first joined the show, despite initial apprehension. Alongside her step-brother Billy Hargrove (Dacre Montgomery) the two were new to the town of Hawkins, Indiana and to the local high school. Despite her initial reservations and desire to be independent, the tomboy soon found friendship in the group. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin [INSIGHT]Stranger Things plot hole: Fans expose issue with Eleven and Mike [BLUNDER] Joseph Quinn nationality: Where is the Stranger Things star from? [INSIGHT]  They were also the ones who came to her rescue when she was almost killed by Vecna. The villain which would prey on the trauma of children, discovered Max when she was visiting Billy’s grave. She felt guilty, as he had given his life so she and the friends could get away from the Mind Flayer. Although he was physically able to hold the monster back, it stabbed him through the chest and he used his last breath to apologise to Max.   While she was in the graveyard, Vecna used this guilt and grief to take control of Max’s mind and attempt to kill her. As she ascended from the ground, Max was able to fight off the monster by thinking of happy memories which envisioned while listening to her favourite songs. Although Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) was away she was able to face Vecna and ward him off through Max’s thoughts. While Max survived the ordeal, her fate is still unknown as the actress also told Deadline: “With season five being the last season, I don’t know what they have planned.”  Stranger Things is available on Netflix. 