Flight attendants are well-versed when it comes to packing bags and have thought about every eventuality while travelling. One cabin crew member shared her "essentials" which she says are "year-round staples" in her bag. Though clothes and toiletries may be high on your list of things to pack, the crew member recommends using a Ziploc bag as your own personal "pharmacy". Sharing to Reddit forum dedicated to "essentials and tips for packing", she said: "Be sure to get a big Ziploc bag and make a mini pharmacy for yourself". The flight attendant, posting under the username Dragosteax, said: "There is nothing worse than feeling under the weather when you’re in the middle of a trip or at the airport and subjected to pay $22 (£18.60) for an eight-pack of cold pills. "I keep my 'mini pharmacy' stocked with decongestant spray, Sudafed (the one that you get from the pharmacist...works wonders for congestion or feeling clogged in flight), melatonin, band-aids, Neosporin, some type of menthol rub or cream if you have back or neck issues, allergy eye drops, allergy medicine, and basically anything else that you know that you’d want with you if you’re prone to something. READ MORE: Flight attendant's shock warning as woman arrested outside hotel "Sounds a bit overkill, but my mini-pharmacy has alleviated me so many times throughout the years.. and I always have something to help out my coworkers if they need something." However, when travelling with medication, it's important to make sure any liquid medicines do not exceed 100ml. Under UK airport restrictions, all liquids must be in a container of less than 100ml and packed into a clear plastic bag. Any liquids over this size should be placed into your hold luggage unless they are for essential medical purposes. However, to travel with such items you will need a supporting document from a relevant medical professional, such as a letter from your doctor or a copy of your prescription. As well as medication, the crew member highlighted some additional "essentials" to pack. She said: "I use the laundry bags from the hotel room to place my dirty clothes inside of. "I keep an extension card folded up in the back compartment of my suitcase, very handy for awkwardly placed outlets in hotel rooms." DON'T MISSBaggage handler shares common items people 'should not' put in bags [COMMENT]'Infamous' taxi scam catches out tourists -famously tricky [REVEALED]'Foods you can’t take through airport security - full list [EXPLAINER] The flight attendant added: "I keep a big power bank external battery, hand sanitiser, hand wipes, headphones, sleep mask, anything for your own comfort. "In time, you’ll figure out what you really need on your trips, but these are all staples in my bag year-round." When packing your suitcase, it is important to keep an eye on the size of your bag, along with its weight. Airlines set out their own specific luggage restriction which travellers should be aware of before boarding.