The Duchess attended the Games in Birmingham wearing her stylish white Alexander McQueen suit but went without her sapphire ring. The ring once belonged to Prince William’s mother Diana, the Princess of Wales who had the sapphire and diamond ring as her engagement ring to Prince Charles. While the Duchess was in Birmingham, the absence of her famed ring shocked and confused royal fans. Kate was pictured with her family as they watched the swimming, hockey and gymnastic sporting events on the fifth day of the Games. In place of the engagement ring, the Duchess wore her understated yellow gold Welsh wedding band.  Alongside the missing sapphire and diamond ring, Kate’s diamond eternity ring was also missing from her finger. The Duchess’s simple and understated jewellery choices were paired with diamond earrings and pendant from Mappin & Webb. Alongside watching the games, the family also visited the University of Birmingham which hosted an event held by SportsAid House, which is one of Kate’s patronages. HAVE YOUR SAY: Royal POLL: Should Harry and Meghan stop using royal status?  Many have assumed that the reason behind the missing rings is due to the likelihood of them being damaged or lost in the event of being asked to participate in sporting events. The Duchess attended a sailing event in Plymouth on Sunday with Great Britain’s SailGP team. Kate changed into her wetsuit in order to join the Great Britain crew on their catamaran and subsequently removed her engagement ring. DON'T MISS: Putin top mercenary KILLED: Wagner thug who 'adored mortars' wiped out (INSIGHT)Liz Truss in awkward Tory hustings gaffe 'Stand up for Putin' - VIDEO (VIDEO)Vladimir Putin pundit gloats over energy 'Europe unlikely to survive!' (REVEAL) Other events which involved physical activity or specific hygiene factors such as visits at hospitals, saw the Duchess without her engagement and eternity rings. While visiting hospitals, visitors are advised to go without excessive jewellery on their hands in order to help prevent germs from spreading. The ring is made of a 12-carat Ceylon sapphire surrounded by 14 solitaire diamonds set in 18-carat white gold. It was chosen by Princess Diana for her engagement in 1981 and was made by Garrard in 1843.