White vinegar and baking soda are great all-purpose cleaners, helping to shift grease and grime. The duo can also help to target limescale and unblock sinks as well as remove odours from fridges and bins. However, there are certain surfaces Britons should avoid cleaning with white vinegar and baking soda. Andrew Bramley, owner of professional cleaning business, Pure Freedom, explained: “Cleaning hacks are everywhere and white vinegar is made out to be a magic ingredient. “It is well known for getting rid of grime in the most tricky situations. However, there are some places it shouldn’t be used.” The expert said Britons should avoid using it on marble countertops or tiles. He said it can “wear away” the natural surface due to its acidic nature. White vinegar will react with marble work surfaces and create dull white marks, often known as etch marks. READ MORE: ‘Correct’ way to remove ‘yellow stains’ from pillows without scrubbing Andrew added: “Avoid using it on rubber materials like the inside of your washing machine. White vinegar can actually wear down the rubber.” This could eventually cause leaks and other serious problems if used on rubber seals. Instead, baking soda can be used along with an old toothbrush to scrub away the grime or mould. As well as rubber materials, white vinegar can also cause damage to hardwood flooring. DON'T MISS:How to wash pillows to keep them ‘fluffy and firm’ [EXPLAINER]8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick [EXPERT]10 ‘key’ gardening tasks to do now - from pruning to planting [INSIGHT]  Despite its naturally antibacterial nature, Britons may find hardwood flooring turning dull after using the solution on it. Andrew said it can “damage and strip the surface”. The cleaning expert added: “Also avoid it on waxed furniture as it can wear away the shiny surface.” This may include wooden pieces of furniture which have a wax sealant to help protect them against stains. Wax helps to keep moisture, dust and scratches at bay and due to white vinegar being quite corrosive, it is best avoided on these surfaces. READ MORE: How to prune rambling roses now to ensure flowers next year Baking soda and white vinegar are often mixed together when cleaning, but they can be used separately too. Baking soda is great for removing odours from fridges or bins as well as using to clean stainless steel sinks. The expert said: “The same applies with baking soda as it can be good for burnt-on messes. “However, it should not be used on the following surfaces.” Andrew said to avoid using it on mirrors and glass. Although baking soda is a gentle abrasive, using it on glass and mirrors will scratch the surface. Instead, white vinegar can be used along with some water or a specific glass cleaner would work a treat. Like white vinegar, Britons should avoid using baking soda on marble worktops. Andrew said it “will cause erosion” to the protective layer on the marble. For those looking to clean wood surfaces, this eco-friendly product should be given a miss. According to the cleaning expert, using baking soda on wooden surfaces can wear away the sealant. The abrasiveness of baking soda can ruin sealants and even cause staining. Instead, opt for a mixture of washing up liquid and water to clean any wood surfaces. Lastly, it shouldn’t be used on ceramic stove tops as it can scratch away at the surface. Instead, use dish soap along with a sponge or a dedicated cleaning product to that area.