Camilla and Prince Charles are known to be huge fans of Strictly Come Dancing. Their love for the dancing contest is such that the two senior royals reportedly offered the BBC to film one of the show's episodes of its upcoming season in the ballroom at Buckingham Palace. However, it has now been claimed this royal collaboration with the BBC is unlikely to happen within the next few months. Columnist Alison Boshoff reported sources telling her in the Daily Mail: "There has been a lot of back and forth about different ideas and different possibilities... but the likelihood is that it's probably not possible to pull off an episode in the Palace in the time frame. "If we can't do it this year, the hope is that we will do it next year." Nevertheless, Charles and Camilla have been pencilled in to attend the filming of one of the episodes, the sources added, either in person or via video link. Reports the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall would have been happy for Strictly to be filmed in the royal London residence started circulating in June. A source said at the time: "Charles and Camilla are very much driving this; and the BBC couldn't quite believe what was being offered. "Strictly at Buckingham Palace is just TV dreamland! It should be a wonderful spectacle." The source noted how Charles and Camilla aren't the only members of the Royal Family to love the programme. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as wrong title used They said: "The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall are, like millions of others, huge fans of Strictly Come Dancing — and so is the Queen — so there is a real desire and energy to make this happen." In November 2018, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and her daughter Lady Louise Windsor were spotted clapping in the audience during the filming of one episode of the show. One year prior, Buckingham Palace had already hosted some of the Strictly dancers. Part of the show's 2017 Christmas special was filmed at the Palace, with Camilla hosting a reception as the president of the National Osteoporosis Society. Her presence during the programme aimed at highlighting the benefits to older people of staying active. While Prince Charles was absent on that occasion, Camilla was in the company of critic Craig Revel Horwood, who later let slip the Duchess is "really quite good" on the dance floor. And the Duchess was able to show off her moves with professional dancer Brendan Cole, who later said: "She knows her way around a dance floor - don’t you worry about that." He added: "She was absolutely delightful, I didn’t know if I was breaking protocol or not but I did ask her if it was OK to ask her to dance, and she said ‘I’d love to’. "I thought somebody was about to grab me by the scruff of the neck and kick me out." Camilla spoke about her love for dancing and how it helps her remain active in 2020, when she praised the Silver Swans, a ballet tutorial designed for the over-55s. This programme is run by the Royal Academy of Dance, of which the Duchess became vice patron two years ago. Poking fun at herself, the Duchess said she was taking lessons with three other "ancient friends". The first episode of this year's edition of Strictly will be filmed during the first week of next month and released on September 17. The 20th series will run for 13 weeks, until December 17. The BBC has so far announced 14 stars taking part in the new season of the show, including EastEnders actor James Bye and Countryfile presenter Hamza Yassin.