Louise signed up for the Don't Pay UK campaign, which has seen thousands of people threatening to boycott payments in light of the cap hike in energy prices. Good Moring Britain host Adil Ray argued Lousie was acting "irresponsibly" and the two clashed over the statement, with Lousie insisting the broadcaster was "scaremongering".  "I think you break the law, I mean this is quite a serious thing, 'don't pay your bills,'" Adil stated. "No, no, no, no, no!" Louise fumed, shaking her head as Adil continued to speak. "But hang on!" Adil hit back, however, Louise cut in to say: "Do not scare people by saying that!" "Louise, StepChange!" Adil cut in. "The debt company - and I agree - I sympathise with your reasons behind it, but the action, I think, is a bit concerning. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview  "Even StepChange, one of the huge debt companies, they say this is a priority bill." He continued: "And the worry is this can lead to debt collectors coming around to your house, court summons! "Then you've got to get a black mark against your name, just because you took part in this campaign. "You may never be able to get a mortgage for the rest of your life!" The presenter asked Louise to think about the impact of the campaign, inquiring: "You've got to think about this! Isn't it quite irresponsible?" "Okay," an infuriated Louise replied. "Right, well can I just answer that? "For one, you're not breaking the law. You have a right to withhold a payment if you wish." She went on: "No one's going to send you to prison. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway sparks GMB fan fury over government U-turn [LATEST]Martin Clunes on why it's 'good time' for Doc Martin to end [VIDEO]'He turned me down’ Jay Osmond opens up on brother’s snub [INTERVIEW] "The prisons, like everything in this country, are completely underfunded. "They haven't got enough places to put people in prison. "No one's going to go to prison for not paying an energy bill." It didn't take long for viewers to weigh in on the subject, with many arguing lots of the public will have "no choice" but to refuse to pay their bills. Twitter user Leanne Thomas wrote: "Everything is going to come collapsing down because there’s only so much people can pay on their bills. "People not paying their bills won’t be because of a campaign, it will be because they genuinely don’t [have the money] #gmb." @Carla_littlerob wrote: "We don't care about what's happening in the market...we care about the price we pay... #gmb." @BiBetty3 added: "People will have NO CHOICE but to refuse to pay! You cannot pay with money you don't have. I am not going to starve my children to keep fat fuel bosses bank accounts bulging!  #GMB." "Problem is if you don’t pay your fuel bills, the energy company can enforce a PAYG meter on you, which will in the long run be even worse. How they’d cope with mass non-payment would be interesting #GMB," @KarenlovesGB shared. (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.