The cleaning hack has amassed a huge 845.5k likes. It was shared by a cleaning influencer who goes by Washy Wash. The content creator and mum from Gloucester shares daily tips and hacks. She has a large online following, with 444k fans on Instagram and 880k followers on TikTok, where her hacks have racked up 4.1 million likes. She told her fans: "Show me the life hack that you randomly saw one day that is now an unconscious standard practice in your life." The cleaner puts one lemon, cut into slices, in an oven-safe bowl of water. Preheat the oven to 200C and cook the mixture until the lemons are slightly brown. Then, take a cloth and wipe down the inside of the oven. READ MORE: Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease - 'tackle with heat and scraper' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This works for a few reasons. Firstly, the steam circulates around the oven, breaking down any stains or bits of baked-on food. What's more, the oils in the skin of the lemon cut through grease. With this soaked into the steam, it is extra powerful at tackling grease. The lemon mixture on the cloth will benefit from the antibacterial and antiseptic qualities of lemon. These kill bacteria, but also stave off mould and help prevent grime from appearing again. DON'T MISSHow to clean an oven: 'Fantastic' tip 'makes the job super easy' [CLEANING] £1 trick to clean grease from the oven and remove greasy stains [HACK] Clever hack to clean the oven and cut through grease [PROPERTY] The content creator's fans were quick to comment, one suggesting another area of the house this trick might work on. "And you can do the same thing to the microwave. You’re welcome," one wrote. Another said: "I knew this trick for microwaves, never thought to use it for ovens! Awesome." "Mild variant of citric acid, which you use to clean difficult things, such as molds, rust, calcium deposits etc. But yours is good and cheap!" one commented. "Your house will smell amazing," another simply said. The oven is not the only part of the home you can clean effectively with the yellow citrus fruit. Lemon juice can be used to clean a kettle. How to clean your kettle with lemon Fill your kettle three-quarters of the way with water with the juice of a lemon. Let this soak for up to an hour and then boil the kettle a few times. Then rinse the kettle and wipe it with a cloth, inside and outside. However, lemon can damage some parts of your home too, so be careful - a cleaning expert warned. She said: "Be smart about cleaning and always do your research first!" Lots of cleaning products are recommended, like vinegar, lemons, and baking soda. However, they can still cause damage to the home if used incorrectly. "An example of incorrect usage of vinegar would be using it on granite or any natural stone," cleaner Hailey Becnel said. "The acid can harm the stone...the same goes with lemons."