Tumble dryers can be a costly appliance to run in the winter months, especially if you have a big family. The price of running a tumble dryer will depend on what type of machine you have and how long you run it for. However, last year, it cost £1.07 per cycle to run a tumble dryer and £127.20 per year on average, according to Ideal Home. For example, a nine kilogram condenser tumble dryer uses 5.2 kWh for a full load and approx 617 kWh each year. That means it costs £1.46 per cycle and £172.76 each year to use a condenser tumble dryer. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their “quicker” and “cheaper” hack for drying clothes without using a tumble dryer. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. Facebook user Tanya Byrne asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hiya just thinking of prices going up again. READ MORE: House sales: Common paint colour to ‘avoid using’ when selling a home “I normally use the dryer a lot over winter but may have to reassess. So I'm looking at clothes airers. What would you recommend? Thanks." The post was inundated with almost 100 comments from fellow cleaning and laundry enthusiasts. The most suggested solution was to use a dehumidifier when drying washing on an airer. Clare Friis replied: “We bought an energy-efficient dehumidifier last winter, placed in a spare bedroom with two airers, window and door closed, and the clothes and even towels dry overnight. “Our tumble dryer is around 64p for an hour, but the dehumidifier is 45p for 10 hours. DON'T MISSRemove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [INSIGHT]'It's an open invitation to burglars': Avoid common mistake at home [UPDATE]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [ANALYSIS] “No clothes hanging around for days waiting to dry, and no condensation or mould either from wet clothing.” Shelley McDade said: “I use an airer but also bought a small dehumidifier. It works brilliantly and I am sure the clothes dry quicker and no mould on the walls either. “The wet has to go somewhere so best it's collected in a dehumidifier.” Sue Baxter commented: “We’ve invested in a dehumidifier this year and are having a drying cupboard in our utility.” Fiona Marks wrote: “Dehumidifiers. I have two, one upstairs and one downstairs. Put clothes on prop and it dries quickly. “When both are on, it costs about 7p per hour. The only thing I use my tumble dryer for is bedding (two doubles and three singles) as so expensive to run, but these things don't fit my props.” Claire Johnson replied: “I researched and dehumidifiers are cheaper than using the tumble.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Nicole Smith said: “I used a dehumidifier in the room with the washing on airers. “When 95 percent dry or more I give it three minutes on a timer in tumble drier. “I turn the washing regularly too. It's a bit of a faff but works and minimal tumble drying.” Dehumidifiers can be expensive to buy but can not only help dry washing but oust condensation and mould in the home too. RUSSELL HOBBS RHDH1061G Portable Dehumidifier costs £39.99 from Currys. Zephyrus 450ml Portable Dehumidifier Air Dryer Cleaner Machine with Shut Off costs £22.99 from Robert Dyas. Homcom 10L/Day Portable Quiet Dehumidifier costs £98.99 from Robert Dyas. Other suggestions for drying clothes without a tumble dryer include using a heated dryer, caravan airers and normal airers. Lisa Monks replied: “I bought a heated airer, same as Lakeland, off Wowcher and a dehumidifier. Dried all clothes last year for five of us, never used the dryer!”  Bryony Edwards said: “Lakeland heated dryer, expensive to buy but only a few pence an hour to run.” Elaine Lee commented: “Up until now I’ve used caravan airers over our stair well. They’ve worked perfectly for 40 years and still use the original ones.” Joanne Mills suggested: “I live in a flat with no outside to dry my washing I have a Lakeland electric airer in the summer. “I just use it as a normal airer and in winter I plug in and my washing dries overnight and it's pennies an hour to run.” Pauline Cook said: “To be honest, any normal airer is good, the more rungs the better and just put in a warm room or near a radiator. “Come winter the heating will be on. Mine generally dries overnight like this.”