Former BBC presenter Danny Baker sparked a debate on social media after he took aim at Prince William's royal appearance at Wembley Stadium on Sunday. The broadcaster blasted the Duke of Cambridge as he took issue with the royal's attendance. The royal, 40, cheered on the women's England squad after they secured a thrilling victory against Germany in the final of the European Championship. The Duke of Cambridge attended the showpiece event at London's Wembley Stadium in his capacity as president of England soccer's governing body the Football Association. The Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 after extra time in the final, cheered on by a crowd of 87,000 fans, a record attendance for the final match of a European Championship in both the women's and men's games. But the 65-year-old took issue with Prince William after he was seen handing out medals to the women's squad. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win In view of his 499,000 followers, Danny vented: "Could have done without "Prince" William being in the centre of #Lionesses celebrations tonight. "This toff family of hoorays always being embedded in our national events like we are honoured and fascinated by their presence. Get a job, mate." His comments sparked a divide as royal fans took issue with Danny's comment. Twitter user, @truemagic68 said: "Totally unnecessary bitter, vitriolic vile comments - absolutely out of order." @CraigInKent penned: "Give it a rest Danny. Stop trying to find controversy when there isn’t any. He’s the president of the FA. He wasn’t in the centre of the lionesses celebrations. He’s actually one of the more modern, accessible Royal Family members. Not everything has to be about cheap point scoring." @BenJone agreed: "Hi Danny. In case you weren't aware, Prince William is President of the FA. I think you're trying to find controversy/offence when there isn’t, which is the trend nowadays." @goonerkh commented: "Are the royal family not allowed to support England teams." @JakeGilbert said: "Someone would have thought Prince William would have something to do with the FA or something." DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win[LATEST]Geri Horner faces 'leftie' backlash after posing for pic with Nadine [EURO]Trisha Goddard left 'roaring in pain' she's rushed to hospital[HEALTH] However, some agreed with Danny's comments as they questioned the royal's attendance. @Wellington Owl said: "I stand with Danny. The fact that it is part of his job is a perfect illustration of why the FA has been a laughing stock for such a long time." @naturalmatts wrote: "What does he do?" @Mediaoffthe grid added: "100 per cent agree. Being patriotic shouldn’t automatically mean you have to support the royals." Prince William has since shared an emotional message with followers after England's women's football team won the 2022 Euro Championship final. "Sensational. An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations!" he captioned a post on Instagram. He shared a picture showing women holding up high their trophy. He signed the post "W," revealing it was from him directly.