Some 1.2 million households are missing out on Universal Credit, which could provide on average £6,216 a year towards their daily costs. The benefit provides financial help to people on low incomes, with the amount a person receives varying depending on their work and home situation. The cash boost is paid monthly or twice a month for some people in Scotland. A report from the National Institute of Economic and Social Research has called for the Government to increase Universal Credit payments by £25 per week for at least six months from October, which would cost around £1.4 billion. The group has also urged ministers to increase the energy bill support payment, going out to all UK households, from £400 to £600 for low income households. This would cost the Government another £2.2 billion. READ MORE: Pension: Britons could lose out on £7,800 through 'torpor tax' Research from charity Turn2us found that more than £15billion worth of benefits every year is not being claimed by people who are eligible for them. Universal Credit is replacing several individual benefits, such as income support and housing benefit, which are now known as legacy benefits. People can apply for Universal Credit if they are currently unemployed as well as if they have a job. Those who are unable to work because of a health condition can also apply. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees [INSIGHT]Britons warned of dangerous scam which may destroy retirement [EXCLUSIVE]Energy bill rebate worth £400 is coming - Britons warned of scam [UPDATE] To put in a claim, a person must live in the UK and be aged 18 or over. There are some exceptions which allow people aged 16 or 17 to apply. Only those under state pension age can claim the benefit and claimants must have £16,000 or less in money, savings or investments. For people who live with a partner, they will both need to claim Universal Credit. READ MORE: Britons need £44,000 in savings to combat cost of living crisis A joint claim will need to be filed in this case, even if a person’s partner is not eligible. How much an individual can claim depends on their partner’s income and savings, as well as their own. From last month, people on Universal Credit have been paid the first instalment of a £650 cost of living support payment, which is going out to other people on benefits. Claimants can also get access to other help. This includes free prescriptions and dental treatment, and free school meals. Discounted childcare costs are also available and reduced council tax bills. Claimants can also get half price bus or rail fares, discounts on gym membership. Other help towards energy bills is also available, including £140 off fuel bills and £25 in Cold Weather Payments. They can also get free or discounted broadband from TalkTalk, Virgin Media and BT and £1,200 in bonus cash through the Help to Save scheme. Food vouchers for children are also on offer as part of the Healthy Start scheme and home owners can get up to £10,000 for a boiler or double glazing, through the Green Homes Scheme.