NatWest is increasing the interest rates across a range of its products in response to the latest Bank of England base rate decision. Its Digital Regular Saver was named as a “top pick” by Martin Lewis’ Money Saving Expert website. Savings rates are slowly improving with NatWest offering its Digital Regular Saver account customers due to get a new rate of 3.75 percent on balances up to £1,000 soon. Martin Lewis recently named it as a top pick in his review of the best regular savings accounts. The account, aimed at motivating customers to start a regular savings habit, currently pays a rate of 3.25 percent on balances up to £1,000, but this will all change from September 12. To qualify for this attractive interest rate, people will need to be able to regularly commit to saving between £1 and £150 each month. READ MORE: How much can I earn and still claim Universal Credit?  The exact amount can be adjusted at any point but the maximum customers can save every month is £150. Once the first savings goal of £1,000 is reached, the interest rate savers are offered becomes lower. However, this will increase to 0.5 percent on balances of £1,001 up to £5,000 and 0.4 percent over £5000. Earlier this year, NatWest launched Round Ups, a new feature making it easier for customers to save every time they spend. DON'T MISSNationwide increases interest rates across savings accounts [INSIGHT]DWP confirms disability cost of living payment date [UPDATE]Building society launches new account with ‘attractive’ rate [LATEST]  If a customer uses their debit card to spend £2.55 on a coffee, it will be rounded up to £3 and 45p will be added to the customer’s Digital Regular Saver account or other easy access savings account. The bank also introduced a “double ups” feature, enabling customers to automatically move double the spare change into their savings. In addition, the account opening age for Digital Regular Saver was lowered earlier this year from 18 to 16 years old. NatWest added almost 20,000 more current account holders in the first quarter of 2022, more than any other bank, according to the Current Account Switch Service (CASS). READ MORE: Mum’s money saving tip could save you £250 a month However, the provider had a £150 switching incentive offer at the time which was removed in April. Switching banks can earn people hundreds of pounds and it’s relatively easy to do. It’s often recommended as a way to make extra money by finncial experts and money bloggers. To qualify for the bank bribes people usually need to use the Current Account Switching Service (CASS).   New NatWest savings rates: