Chelsea ace Christian Pulisic has reportedly been left unhappy over Todd Boehly’s refusal to allow the American to move during the summer transfer window. Pulisic was linked with a departure from Stamford Bridge but co-owner Boehly blocked a switch. Head coach Thomas Tuchel will now need to pick up a disappointed player in the coming days. Pulisic wanted to leave the Blues in search of more regular game time. A season-long loan to Manchester United was rumoured, but the Red Devils preferred other targets and are set to sign Ajax starlet Antony. Some reports of a swap deal involving Pulisic arriving at Old Trafford and United captain Harry Maguire moving to Chelsea never seemed realistic. Boehly has reportedly blocked Pulisic’s exit this summer and the 23-year-old will remain a Chelsea player beyond Thursday’s transfer deadline. The former Borussia Dortmund star has been left ‘disappointed’ by the decision. JUST IN: Chelsea team news: Predicted XI vs Southampton as Tuchel confirms plan That is according to The Athletic, who claim that Pulisic was even keen to extend his Chelsea contract just to secure a loan move. That would have allowed him to develop for a year at another club before returning to Stamford Bridge in a year’s time as a better player. Pulisic has played just 76 minutes in the Premier League this season. He has seen several fringe players be allowed to depart, which has only added to his frustration. Tuchel insisted on Monday that he expects all players who fail to earn a transfer by this week’s deadline to commit 100 per cent to Chelsea’s aims for the campaign. The German said: “At the moment, I accept it’s like this (that players want to leave). But from September 1 there are no more excuses and no more distractions. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Tuchel drops Frenkie de Jong hint with 'headache' commentChelsea 'rethinking' Aubameyang transfer due to three reasonsConor Gallagher's view on Palace move as Chelsea mull 'permanent bid' “I am very, very happy when the transfer window is over because then we have different leverage to push players and then the commitment has to be 100 per-cent, we will not accept 99 per-cent. “The reality is that sometimes, in the last days of the window, you have to simply accept it no matter what you wish for. It’s the reality.” Chelsea have allowed the likes of Romelu Lukaku, Timo Werner and Callum Hudson-Odoi to depart this summer. All three had been relegated in Tuchel’s thinking ahead of this term. Hudson-Odoi is set to have his loan move to Bayer Leverkusen confirmed in the coming days. The Chelsea academy graduate turned down the likes of Newcastle and Southampton to move to Germany in a bid to kickstart his career.