Season five of The Last Kingdom brought the mainline series to an end in March, though Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) still has one more fight to go in Netflix’s upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die. In the meantime, Alexander’s co-star Eysteinn Sigurðarson has been reflecting on some of the hardest parts of portraying Viking warrior Sigtryggr one last time. Eysteinn admitted he was apprehensive about some of Sigtryggr’s fight scenes in the latest and last season of The Last Kingdom. During season five, his Viking warlord aids Uhtred’s battle against Aethelhelm (Adrian Schiller) but is ultimately sentenced to death by King Edward (Timothy Innes). As one of history’s most formidable Norse soldiers, Sigtryggr is forced to engage in some brutal battles and one-on-one fights throughout his lifespan. “This season was very thrilling for me because I had so many fights to do, and stunts,” Eysteinn recalled. READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement “I’ve never done so many stunts, it’s been crazy. And the stunt co-ordinator, Levente Lezsák, and his amazing stunt team, they set the bar so high, the quality and the professionalism is just insane.” Eysteinn was eager to throw himself headfirst into The Last Kingdom’s action and credited the show’s stunt team for giving him the confidence to perform some challenging physical feats. However, the series raised the bar even higher this time around, and the actor was concerned he wasn’t quite ready for some of Sigtryggr’s gruelling skirmishes. He told Netflix: “When they first tell you about the fight that you’ll be doing, you just nod your head.” “But inside you’re screaming like, ‘I’m never going to be able to do this!’ “And then they pull you up there to be able to do it.” His battle ultimately comes to an end when he’s executed by his own father-in-law, Uhtred, securing his place in Valhalla, but Sigtryggr still managed to hold his own before his fate was decided. The Last Kingdom clearly has some of the best stunt coordinators and action choreographers in the biz, as the series boasts some of the best set pieces in Netflix’s catalogue. DON'T MISS:Peaky Blinders star recalls ‘strange day’ with Cillian Murphy [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun’s Ben Hillman dodges property probe [VIDEO]Stranger Things’ Steve star Joe Keery lands major film role [LATEST] “I did one fight this season that I’m really proud to have been a part of it, it was very intense,” Eystein added. “We rehearsed it for weeks, and they really whooped my a**.” Eysteinn finished with another tribute to the show’s incredible stunt team who helped pull him through the fifth season’s endurance-testing throwdowns. He explained: “The stunt guys are amazing, and they have one thing in common. “They’re like bad-a***s when the camera is rolling, and then when the director yells cut, they’re like the sweetest guys ever. “They’re like asking you how you are, they’re complimenting, and they’re just lovely guys. Such a pleasure to work with them.” Unfortunately, Sigtryggr’s demise means Eysteinn won’t be back for Uhtred’s last fight in The Last Kingdom’s feature-length finale, though it doesn’t rule out a potential return in flashbacks before his death. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die is projected to release in early 2023.