Three little bully-type pups were found bleeding from the ears in a flat at Forest Court in Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent, while a further three dogs aged around eight to 10 weeks had yet to undergo the cruel ear cropping surgery. Police officers also found an operating table and a bag containing cash, as well as medical equipment, black latex gloves and bloodied kitchen roll tissue. Sergeant Christopher Gifford, PC Graham Spiller and PC Andrew Johnson attended the address at 7.30pm on November 10, 2020 after being tipped off about a group transporting a crate of puppies, reports StokeonTrentLive. Ryan Woodward, 24, of Union Street, Hanley, Alexander Johnson, 32, of Elmsmere Road, Abbey Hulton, and Michael Nolan, 31, of Victoria Road, Carlisle, were found inside the flat and arrested, before the investigation was handed over to the RSPCA. The trio have now been sentenced at Cannock Magistrates’ Court. PC Rebecca Tyler, of Stoke North Local Policing Team, described the horrifying scene she encountered. She said: "This is something that my colleagues and I will remember for the rest of our careers. "Two puppies were found bleeding with stitches in their ears and were hardly breathing. Another puppy was found with the same injuries hidden behind a sofa. "A further three puppies were in the property but had not had the procedure." The court heard all the puppies were examined and given a health check, vaccinations and were microchipped, with the three which had their ears cropped the night before were given pain relief and antibiotics. The three ear cropped pups went on to have their ears operated on and restitched. PC Tyler added: "We are glad that the puppies have recovered and have found loving homes." RSPCA inspector Jenny Bethel detailed the evidence the police and the RSPCA had gathered. She said: "The bag contained syringes, needles, surgical scissors and blades, three empty 10mg bottles of Sedivet for horses, one empty bottle of ketamine, empty vaccination bottles, pliers and a staple gun with blood on it. "Inside a rucksack there were surgical masks, an opened box of latex gloves, syringes, needles, stuture, stitching with a bloodied needle attached, panadol tablets, surgical tape, tie wraps, marker pen, nail clippers and an empty rabies vaccination bottle. "In an independent expert veterinary report, which was presented to the court, it was stated that the cropping of the ears of the puppies would have caused them to suffer unnecessarily even though they were anaesthetised during the actual procedure and they suffered considerable amounts of unnecessary pain and distress after the procedure. "None of the defendants claimed ownership of five of the puppies who were signed over to the RSPCA and transferred to The Cheshire (Altrincham) Branch of the RSPCA - where they were found loving homes. "The sixth dog was signed over to the RSPCA a few months later and was also found a forever home. "They have been named by their new owners as Diesel, Moose, Jed, Vera, Lyla and Peanut." The three men had pleaded guilty on July 11 and were sentenced on August 3. Johnson faced one offence that he carried out the cropping of ears on three puppies. Woodward faced one charge that he did aid, abet, counsel or procure Johnson to carry out a prohibited procedure of cropping the ears of three puppies. Nolan faced one offence in that he was responsible for a puppy and another person carried out a prohibited procedure namely the cropping of ears on the animal and permitted that to happen or failed to take such steps. Johnson was sentenced to 24-weeks in prison and ordered to pay £775 costs. Woodward was jailed for 19-weeks and ordered to pay £775 costs. Nolan was jailed for 14-weeks and ordered to pay £400 costs. All three were disqualified from keeping dogs - Johnson for life and Woodward and Nolan for 15 years - and all were served with deprivation orders meaning they have 21-days to rehome any dogs still in their care. Speaking after the case, inspector Bethel added: "Over the months I monitored the puppies and took them for vaccinations and vet visits. "All six puppies have grown into beautiful dogs, are a credit to their fosterers and have gone on to find amazing forever homes."