The Reform UK party leader noted Sir Keir Starmer struggled to organise his own party as he dismissed questions about the efficacy of a Labour Party-led Government in resolving Britain's immigration crisis. Richard Tice ridiculed the suggestion as he also took a swipe at the Conservative Party for talking a "good game" but failing themselves to create a successful immigration policy. Asked about Sir Keir's chances of taking back control of the UK's borders, Mr Tice told GB News: "Are you having me on? Are you having a laugh? He can't even organise his own administration, his own declarations to Parliament, let alone sort out this crisis. "No chance. Nobody thinks that the Labour Party will stop this. "The Tories, they talk a good game but we hear that about so many things – how we're going to grow the economy, how we're going to cut taxes. "And then they raise them. I think the British people have had enough." JUST IN: ‘Norway first!’ Panic as UK's BIGGEST importer of gas poised to cut supplies off In the 2019 electoral manifesto, Labour pledged to review border control to make the policy "more effective." The manifesto also pledged to scrap the Immigration Act 2014, which gave authorities more powers to enter the homes of illegal migrants and to end indefinite detention. Labour MPs have also been heavily critical of Priti Patel's agreement with Rwanda to send new arrivals into the country to the central African nation for processing and relocation. Sir Keir branded the Rwanda scheme a "chaotic diversion" from the Home Office's decade-long failure. READ MORE: Truss's day out: Liz all smiles at Commonwealth Games with family after brutal week He said: "Course, we don’t want people making that dangerous crossing. Of course, we want to clamp down on the people smugglers. “The way to do that is to have a proper plan with the French authorities and a proper plan for upstream operations to intercept these groups before they even arrive on the north coast of France.” Figures from the Ministry of Defence on Sunday showed the total number of migrants crossing the Channel in 2022 so far has passed 18,000. The busiest week for crossings so far in 2022 was the week to April 19 when 2,076 people made the dangerous journey. DON'T MISS:Starmer danger: A Labour win would reverse Brexit and break-up UK [COMMENT]Ferrari mocks Keir Starmer over Labour picket line cave-in [WATCH]Angela Rayner leaves Starmer ISOLATED as he's humiliated on strikes [UPDATE] The findings follow the release of a United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the British Red Cross finding critical gaps in the UK asylum system. The report suggests the gaps are leaving people seeking safety, including those fleeing modern slavery, at risk of potential exploitation. The research found that inadequate support is exposing people in need of protection to potential harm. It cites examples of vulnerable asylum seekers forced into modern slavery, including domestic servitude, sexual and labour exploitation, and forced criminality. The report concludes: "Straightforward changes to the asylum process would reduce these risks of exploitation by putting safety at the heart of the asylum system."