A new Schools Bill will bring in stricter rules about absenteeism, including a "children not in school" register. There will be automatic fines for parents whose child is absent more than 10 days in a term, and prosecution for families who receive two fines in a year. But campaigners warn it will unfairly penalise parents of children with complex problems that make attending school a challenge. Currently a local council can fine each parent £60, which rises to £120 each if not paid in 21 days. If the fine is not paid after 28 days a parent may be prosecuted. Maddie Roberts, 40, has teamed up with fellow-mum Susan Liverman to set up a petition to axe the new bill. After receiving more than 180,000 signatures it will be presented to parliament next month. They are working with campaign groups Square Peg and Not Fine in School to fight the bill which they say lacks "the compassion needed to deal with this complicated issue". Maddie fought her local authority for five years after son Harleigh, nine, was wrongly assumed to be naughty. Teachers suggested she should take parenting classes. During her appeal process Harleigh was seen by a consultant and diagnosed with autism, pathological demand avoidance and ADHD. She said: "It's like they think you're the one that's anxious and your child is picking up on that. From schools to local authorities to government, parents feel unheard, invalidated and dismissed. "I don't understand what this government thinks punishing parents is going to achieve. We know our children best, we know what their needs are. It's barbaric. Children from all sorts of marginalised groups struggle with attendance for a range of reasons. This isn't going to solve the problem." Ellie Costello, director of Square Peg, added: "Families are absolutely right to be concerned. The measures are a tough love response and lack the compassion needed to deal with this complicated issue." The DfE said: "Being in school is vital for pupils' education and wellbeing. We recently published new guidance to support schools to improve attendance and ensure parents are clear on both where and how they can access support. "Our new Bill puts this guidance on a statutory footing. It will help ensure all pupils receive the necessary support to address potential barriers to attendance, so they are able to access the full-time education to which they are entitled."