Juan Mata is still searching for his next club after leaving Manchester United and is reportedly highly regarded by Leeds. The 34-year-old departed Old Trafford earlier this summer when his contract expired. Mata spent eight years with the Red Devils after joining them from Chelsea in 2014 but wasn’t handed a new deal by United chiefs after being deemed surplus to requirements in the north west. And the midfielder, who won the Europa League and the FA Cup during his time at Old Trafford, has been unable to find a new club over the last few months. According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Mata is highly regarded at Elland Road on a human and professional level but there are no negotiations in progress. The ace was tipped to join Real Oviedo at the start of the summer, but no move materialised. And he is yet to decide on his next club. Mata first moved to England in 2011 when he joined Chelsea from Valencia. And during his time at Stamford Bridge he won the Champions League, the Europa League and the FA Cup. After racking up 31 goals and 58 assists in 134 appearances for the Blues, United signed him for £37.1million - their record transfer fee at the time. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars Mata, who was part of the Spain squads that won the World Cup in 2010 and the European Championships in 2012, bagged 51 goals and 47 assists in 285 matches for United. But he became less influential as the years wore on and started just two Premier League games last term. Despite his advancing years, Mata may still feel he has plenty to offer English football should Leeds line up a contract for him. The Whites have already brought in seven new players this summer after losing talisman Raphinha to Barcelona and prominent midfielder Kalvin Phillips to Manchester City.  Leeds endured a miserable campaign last time around and suffered a string of embarrassing results as they shipped five goals against the Red Devils at Old Trafford, six goals in their Anfield clash with Liverpool and seven goals against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And their egregious displays ultimately cost ex-manager Marcelo Bielsa his job in February as the Argentinian was replaced by American Jesse Marsch. Marsch kept Leeds up on the final day of the season as his team beat Brentford 2-1. And the Whites began their new campaign with the same result as they saw off Wolves at Elland Road at the weekend. Leeds will be desperate to have a better season this time around - so it remains to be seen whether club chiefs think Mata is a player worth pursuing. 