The monarch, 96, has been suffering from mobility issues and now rarely carries out engagements outside of her royal residences. The Prince of Wales, who is heir to the throne, has been stepping up and taking on more responsibilities. However, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams dismissed claims he is set to become Prince Regent as "gossip". Mr Fitzwilliams said: "That is gossip. "A Regent is if the Queen was incapacitated, that is the period that you have a Regency. "You saw that with George III, as George VI was made Regent. "The Queen is mentally totally alert and carrying out duties, albeit changed duties. "I don’t see this as a possibility. "We will have to see, of course, what is going to happen in the future." It comes as concern for the Queen's health has been heightened since she spent a night in hospital last October before pulling out of a series of engagements. Charles made history in May when he stepped in for the monarch at the State Opening of Parliament. He was joined by Camilla for the occasion giving a glimpse of his future role as head of state. With the Queen's advancing years, the move was interpreted as a significant shift in the heir to the throne's responsibilities in his role supporting his mother. The monarch reluctantly pulled out on the advice of royal doctors due to her continued mobility problems. Speaking afterwards, former Brexit Party and UKIP leader Nigel Farage said it "looks as though Prince Charles is becoming Prince Regent". Speaking on Fox Business, he was asked if it marked "the beginning of the changing of the guard". The GB News presenter said: "I think it really is, it's a really sad moment. "It looks as though Prince Charles is becoming Prince Regent which means he will deputise for the Queen on big state occasions, on big international visits with US Presidents or whatever it may be. "She is absolutely with it, she's on the ball, she's holding conferences, she's on the telephone, she is, physically in herself, quite well, she's just got trouble walking." 