Checking into a hotel room to begin your holiday, you might be keen to head straight to the pool or go and explore the local area. However, according to a flight attendant, before you get too comfortable you should take “one minute” to do some simple “hotel security checks”.  Posting to TikTok, the flight attendant who makes videos under the username @cici_inthesky, listed her “one-minute check and other habits” when she travels and stays in accommodation. In a comment, she said: “You never know who's watching.” Before you even get to your room, there are some important security steps you should take during the check-in process. Cici explained: “When you are checking in make sure the front desk person does not say your room number and you do not say your room number.” READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk On arrival at her room, the flight attendant said she first props her door open using her luggage to do the checks. She said: “I check the closet, the shower and behind the curtains. Check to make sure the phone works. “After all of that is clear I shut the door and make sure [the peephole] is closed [with the metal cover]. “Another tip I learned, if there is no cover use take some tissue and shove it in there so no one can see inside of your room.”  The flight attendant then places the “privacy sign” on the outside of her door to alert staff that she does not want them to tend to her room. This can also suggest someone is in the room, even when you do pop out. Cici went on to display how she puts a washcloth inside of the latch on the hotel room door before shutting it. In a comment, she explained: “[This] prevents the security latch from being disengaged with a tool used to break into a hotel room.” You should try to use both the latch and deadbolt went locking your hotel room door from inside, as this added two extra levels of protection. DON'T MISSBedbug hotel horror: ‘Wash every single item of clothing’ [COMMENT]Cruise ship rage - ‘The Mediterranean is dying’ [INSIGHT]Cheapest all-inclusive destination for British tourists - £490 [ROUND-UP] The deadbolt will stop any authorised key from accessing the room and the latch will stop an unbolted door from being immediately opened. She continued: “I then put my bag in front of the door. When I leave my room I leave my TV on with the volume up. “Not loud enough to disturb people, just a normal volume I would watch TV on regularly.” Finally, she encourages hotel guests to always trust their gut instinct. She added: “Always be situational aware when you go to your room. “If your gut is telling you something is wrong always follow your guy.”