With courage and dignity, Mr Rushdie refused to let the threat of violence stop him from entering public debate and exercising the precious right to freedom of expression. This atrocity in the south-west of New York state is a reminder that murderous cruelty can surface anywhere. Mr Rushdie was forced into hiding for nearly a decade after the publication of the The Satanic Verses in 1988 but the ferocity of the controversy could not overshadow his brilliance as a novelist. His masterpiece, Midnight's Children, won the "Best of the Booker" in 2008 to mark the 40th anniversary of the Booker Prize. Writers in different eras have faced persecution and it is sadly evident that modernity has not erased the barbarian instinct to destroy art and kill the creator. The crazed foes of freedom of speech are frightened that literature may ignite compassion, empathy, imagination and a spirit of inquiry in readers; throughout history, tyrants and demagogues have feared the power of the book. Our thoughts are with Mr Rushdie's family, friends and all who have cherished both the man and his spectacular achievements. This great writer would not want anyone to tone down what they are prepared to say, create or publish as a result of this foul attack.  The official declaration of drought in eight parts of England is a powerful reminder of the importance of water. There is no danger of taps running dry but millions of people in different countries still lack access to safe drinking water. Our experiences this summer should spur us to ensure that clean water is enjoyed by everyone everywhere, and it would be scandalous if British utilities companies did not radically reduce levels of wastage.We should also ensure that the threat of climate change is taken seriously. If this wildly abnormal weather becomes the new normal and gardens are regularly scorched brown, it will take tremendous effort to maintain the nation's reputation as a green and pleasant land. The unveiling of the full line-up of Strictly Come Dancing contestants is the surest sign that summer is drawing to an end. With multiple crises unfolding at the international and domestic level, we may value light entertainment more than ever as a source of distraction and delight. And ballroom dancing may seem especially enticing as the winter rolls in. What an enjoyable way to both get trim and stay warm.  