Nicola Peltz, 27, has broken her silence on the relationship she has with Victoria Beckham, 49, her new mother-in-law. The actress married Brooklyn Beckham, 23, in April on her family estate in Florida, with all the Beckhams in attendance. Nicola has dismissed the narrative that she has fallen out with her mother-in-law when she was asked about their relationship in a new interview. Rumours circulated that the pair fell out when Nicola decided to wear a Valentino couture dress for her nuptials, rather than a Victoria Beckham designed dress. She told Variety: "I was going to and I really wanted to, and then a few months down the line, she realised that her atelier couldn't do it, so then I had to pick another dress. "She didn't say you can't wear it; I didn't say I didn't want to wear it. That's where it started." READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps Brooklyn, chimed in: "Everyone gets along, which is good." The pair spoke in a joint interview to Variety magazine as they gave an inside look into their newly married life. Other attendees at the wedding did, however, wear Victoria's line including Eva Longoria, mother Jackie Adams and son Romeo's then-girlfriend Mia Regan. The interview comes after Nicola posted a snap of herself to Instagram at the weekend crying. In view of her 2.7 million followers, she captioned the post: "People who make you feel bad." Nicola also used the post to open up about her struggles on social media and allow her fans to see an insight into her life. She admitted: "Sometimes I find it hard to show the sad bits of me. "Growing up with seven siblings and two very strong parents made me really tough, they hammered it into me to not let people bring me down or hurt my heart. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] Brian McFadden rushed to A&E with very swollen face [LATEST] Aled Jones’ daughter Emilia ignores his advice despite ‘sacrifice’ [COMMENT] "It made me put such a wall up to protect myself, especially in this industry. "We all have days where people make you feel bad and it's okay to be hurt by it. She continued: "I just thought I would write something because I never show this side of me here. I wanted to show this side of me. "I love you all so much and truly appreciate all of your support. "It means so much when you guys are kind on my page I want you to know I see you, I hear you, and it means a lot to me." Brooklyn quickly jumped to the comments to share his support for his new wife. He penned: "You have the most amazing heart xx I love you so much xx." Fellow actress Selma Blair commented: "Beautiful Nicola, many years ago we met, and of course I was transfixed. "On your kindness. On your grace. I was weak and tired and older than your crowd, and you listened. "Forever, I will consider you an angel child. In whatever mood or feeling you are under or in. Sending an embrace."