Hundreds of people have been forced to evacuate their homes in New Zealand as the country has declared a state of emergency due to flooding. Prince William said on social media that he and Duchess Kate were thinking of those affected and spoke about his thoughts on climate change.  Last week, Prince Willaim wrote on Twitter a message of support to those affected by the current flooding in New Zealand. He wrote: "Seeing the devastation caused by the floods in New Zealand is a reminder of the herculean effort we must all make to protect our planet.” "I know you will come together, as you have done before, to support those in need. Catherine and I are thinking about all those affected."  The current flooding crisis in New Zealand has forced schools to close down, flight cancellations and has left homes entirely submerged underwater. On Wednesday, 230 homes were evacuated in Nelson after the Maitai river flooded. The mayor of Nelson, Rachel Reese, described the flooding as a “one-in-100-year event”. She described the current situation as putting pressure on the city’s buildings, and said: “We are dealing with a lot of wastewater overflows.” In Westport, 160 homes were forced to evacuate and parts of North Island have become isolated due to the flooding blocking access to roads.  READ MORE: Prince Harry praised for rare show of emotion during tour of Africa Some royal fans took to Twitter to comment on the Duke of Cambridge’s support. Twitter user @diane13326144 wrote: “Thank you so for posting this. I have lived in NZ since 1985. I have never witnessed such devastation.” One commentator, @patsymac1234567, said: “Many thanks for your support. My daughter and her family have lost their home as it slid down the hill. “They managed to take a few things with them before farewell to a home they bought at the start of the Covid pandemic and spent two years renovating. Your support means so much.” A royal fan account called @loveforcambridg said: “Climate change is real and it will continue to affect the entire world if nothing is done. Stay strong Kiwis.”  DON'T MISS:Princess Charlotte bargain school accessory [REVEAL]William’s treasured charity gains celebrity support [REPORT]'Regurgitating rubbish!' Princess Diana doc slammed by royal expert [BREAKING] William has been a vocal supporter of tackling climate change and it was recently announced the Prince will travel to New York in September to deliver a speech at the Earthshot Prize ceremony. The Earthshot Prize is awarded to five winners each year for their contribution to environmentalism, who will then receive £1million in funding to support their work. It was founded by William and David Attenborough in 2020. The Prince is expected to stay in the USA for a few days to encourage innovation to tackle the current climate crisis. The Prime Minister of New Zealand has said the current flooding shows that action must be taken in regard to climate change. She said: “We have to do our part and demonstrate that we’re doing our part, particularly given we’re in such a vulnerable region, but we need the world to move because you can see the impacts on significant weather and it’s not just us. “This is a very visual representation of the impacts of climate change.” 