Angry LBC caller and employer John lashed out at British people for failing to take job vacancies created by Brexit, as European Union workers either left in droves or cannot go back to the UK due to the new post-Brexit immigration rules. A recent report by the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee found Brexit and Covid had a huge impact on the sector, with a staff labour shortage caused by stringent UK immigration rules for EU citizens trying to come in. In 2021, the industry reported half a million vacancies – jobs that have since not been filled up by UK workers. John claims 700,000 male able-bodied workers are not going back to work out of sheer "laziness." John slashed on LBC: "The problem with the British people – and I’ve employed people for a long time – is they’re fundamentally...I think they suffer from what I call the lazy gene. "They just don’t want to work basically if they think they can get away with not working and stay on benefits. "And we’ve got this really big problem here because of that, okay? And I know what you’ll say: 'you can say such a thing.' But it’s true." John erupted: "There are 700,000 men in the UK who aren’t working. They’re not working. Why are they not working?"  LBC’s Tom Swarbrick said: "For a whole multitude of reasons." John slammed: "Yeah, it’s called being lazy generally." LBC’s Tom Swarbrick retorted: "What if they can’t work?" John said: "No, I’m talking about able-bodied people who are going to the ONS. 700,000 men not working." LBC’s Tom Swarbrick then asked: "And you would force those people to work in the field if they can’t find a job elsewhere?" READ MORE: Face the facts! Fury erupts as EU throws Dublin under the bus John said: "I wouldn’t call it forcing. I would call it incentivising them." LBC’s Tom Swarbrick asked: "How would you incentivise them?" John said: "By saying, go to work and then if you don’t, you’re going to lose your benefits." Mr Swarbrick concluded: "So, you’re forcing them to get into a job." John conceded: "Yeah, why not? Call it forcing. Call it working, yeah. They have to work." DON'T MISS:Irish CEO says there 'no catastrophic failure' in trade after Brexit [INSIGHT]Britain and Morocco are 2 monarchies bound by history and values [ANALYSIS]'About taking control!' Coffey slams Ferrari over Brexit farming probe [REPORT] According to the Office for National Statistics, the number of job vacancies from March to May 2022 rose to a new record of 1,300,000 – an increase of 509,000 from the pre-pandemic level from January to March 2020. The increase in vacancies also coincides with the implementation of the new UK immigration rules on 31 December 2020. To justify the stringent rules on the season agricultural workers scheme, Work Secretary Thérèse Coffey said the post-Brexit plan is about "taking control of immigration." READ NEXT:GB News: Ex-Thatcher aide backs Truss but warns Sunak is 'weak-kneed'August driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rulesStop Brexit man Steve Bray tries gatecrash Boris wedding partyBrexit: 'Keep EU happy' Tory breaks cover on Sunak plot Liz Truss is the best hope for a true Brexit, says JACOB REES-MOGG