SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon revealed how Liz Truss looked like she had “swallowed a wasp” after she told her she had appeared in fashion magazine Vogue twice. Ms Sturgeon told how Ms Truss was keen to know how she got into Vogue when they briefly met during an event at the Cop26 summit in Glasgow last year.  Her brutal exposure comes after Tory leadership hopeful Ms Truss branded Ms Sturgeon an “attention seeker”. Kevin Maguire, the Daily Mirror's associate editor, described Ms Sturgeon’s comments as “revenge”. He tweeted: “So Liz Truss didn’t ‘ignore’ ‘attention seeker’ Nicola Sturgeon when she asked her ‘how to get into Vogue’. “Revenge is best enjoyed, hot or cold.” Ms Sturgeon was interviewed by LBC's Iain Dale at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre during the city's Fringe festival when she revealed the exchange. She told the audience: "That was the main thing she wanted to talk to me about, she wanted to know how she could get into Vogue - and she calls me an attention seeker.  READ MORE: GB News: Sturgeon IndyRef2 bid torn to shreds by former Tory minister "I said to her they came and asked me. "I didn't really mean to do this, but I said to her it hadn't actually been my first time in Vogue, it had been my second time. "It looked a little bit as if she'd swallowed a wasp.  DON'T MISS Jeremy Kyle faces backlash over 'disgusting' Nicola Sturgeon comments [INSIGHT]Sturgeon's SNP referendum obsession is killing Scotland [COMMENT]Sturgeon facing mass walkout of OWN staff [INFO] "I'm sure she'll be in Vogue before too long. "I remember it because there we were at the world's biggest climate change conference in Glasgow, world leaders about to arrive. "That was the main topic of conversation she was interested in pursuing. And once we'd exhausted that it kind of dried up. "I'm sure we'll have many more conversations about many more substantive things.” It comes after Ms Truss told a hustings event with Conservative members in Exeter last week that "the best thing to do with Nicola Sturgeon is ignore her" as she fights to become Prime Minister. Ruling out Ms Sturgeon’s plans for a second referendum, Ms Truss told the audience: "She's an attention seeker, that's what she is.  "What we need to do is show the people of Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales what we're delivering for them and making sure that all of our government policies apply right across the United Kingdom." Asked about Ms Truss's remarks about her, Ms Sturgeon said she initially thought "it was made up, it was a spoof". She added: "She wanted to know how she could get into Vogue – and she calls me an attention-seeker."