Matt Goss is the eighth contestant to be confirmed for Strictly Come Dancing 2022 and is living in the UK as he prepares for his BBC ballroom debut. While the mega-successful singer-songwriter has spent almost half of his life in America, the 53-year-old recently returned to his home turf following the end of his Las Vegas residency. In a recent TV interview, the famed performer revealed that it was time for him to “come home”, but where exactly is “home” for the internationally renowned singer? After spending 25 years in the US and 11 of those fulfilling his residency at Caesers Palace in Las Vegas, the Bros front-runner has returned to his British roots. In an interview on ITV’s This Morning, Matt told hosts Josie Gibson and Craig Doyle that he was ready to leave his life in the US to begin a new chapter. He said: “I've been almost reclusive, I come and work and then go back to America. “I thought, it's time for me to come home and get out of my own way in a way.” READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing fans in frenzy over eighth announcement While the renowned musician had planned to make the move for some time, he has only recently returned to Britain. In an Instagram post uploaded just seven days ago, Matt shared a video of himself leaving one of his sizeable properties in the US, where he reflected on his time spent on the Vegas strip. Speaking to his followers, he said: “Las Vegas has changed my life, and I will forever be grateful. “I’ll see you soon UK.” The Lewisham-born star is currently living in London though it is not known exactly where in city he has settled with his adorable pedigree French bulldog, Reggie. According to his official website, Goss will still be based some of the time in Los Angeles, which he called home (alongside Las Vegas) for almost three decades. Though the Bros star is yet to share pictures of his British home, there is no doubt that it is equally as luxurious as his Vegas property. Earlier in April, the singer-songwriter gave the public a peek inside his plush living room, which featured everything from a grand piano to a unique bronze sculpture. The large room had curved windows which wrapped around the space and looked out onto a pool area and rows of palm trees. DON'T MISS:Where does Will Mellor live? Inside his Cheshire home [INSIGHT]Inside Kym Marsh’s stunning £500,000 Cheshire home [REVEAL]Ellie Taylor slams Strictly curse as she's 9th celeb confirmed [ANALYSIS] Within the room, Matt was pictured sitting on a patterned armchair that complemented the soft beige corner sofa placed in the centre of the room. On various marble tables, the chart-topping star had placed some of his prized possessions, including a picture from when he was younger. He told the Mail Online that the picture of him, his identical twin brother Luke, and their late mother, Carol was taken by his dad, Alan. On a separate table, he told the paper: “Here’s my backstage pass for Frank, Liza & Sammy: The Ultimate Event! in 1989. “We were at the height of our fame with Bros and it was a very special evening.” Matt Goss is best known for performing in the 80s pop group Bros with his twin brother Luke, who also moved to the US when the pair found fame. Luke, who was born just minutes before Matt, moved to Los Angeles in 1999 and has lived there ever since. In 2014, the brothers lost their mother Carol to cancer after a long battle with the disease, though their dad is still alive. Neither of the Goss brothers have children, though Luke was once married to Shirley Lewis, who has since moved back to the UK following their divorce in 2019. While he is not married, Goss, who counts Melanie Sykes, Rebecca Ferguson, and Martine McCutcheon as former flames, revealed he was in a relationship with Chantal Brown earlier this year. Chantal faded out of public life following her divorce from former Eastenders star Paul Nicholls in 2015 and was first spotted with Matt in October 2021. Despite being in a relationship, the pair are yet to confirm whether they live together at Matt’s new London address.