Wednesday’s instalment of Loose Women saw the panellist touch on former boyband member Lee Ryan’s recent arrest after he became abusive to cabin crew who refused to serve him alcohol. The women then questioned if airports should ban booze completely. Panellist Christine Lampard informed viewers that the incident with Lee wasn’t the first time people have heard of people becoming uncontrollable under the influence. Addressing her co-stars on the topic, Jane Moore asked why she shouldn’t be able to enjoy a drink on a plane because of the antics of a rowdy few. She said: “I do wonder what the wisdom is behind an airport pub serving alcohol at six in the morning.” The 60-year-old said that as the cabin crew have to keep their wits about them in case of an emergency then the passengers should too. Read more: Charlene White hits out 'nonsense ranting' trolls after Euros backlash She said: “Airports I could argue a bit but on aeroplanes? Absolutely not.” However, Coleen disagreed with her co-star and admitted she thinks if people are getting on a plane looking as though they’ve had too much they shouldn’t be let on. Janet questioned if Coleen thinks passengers should be breathalysed when walking up the stairs to the plane. Responding, she said: “If you’re staggering up the steps and you could be a hazard on that plane to the passengers and the safety of everyone, yeah I do.” Christine then told the panel if she was on a flight with children and somebody was intoxicated trying to open a door she’d find it scary. “Surely you could go without a drink for a flight?” Coleen asked the women. Both Jane and Christine instantly responded by saying “no” Coleen then said: “You might have to! Listen, I’m a smoker, I’m not happy about it, but I am and the thing is they banned all of that.” DON'T MISSCharlene White hits out as she's blasted for Lionesses diversity query [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Sunetra Sarker hits out at Vardy and Rooney judgement [VIDEO]Loose Women's Brenda Edwards slams Janet Street-Porter in fiery row  [INTERVIEW] Not agreeing with her colleague, Jane banged the table as she shouted: “My glass of wine doesn’t damage you!” Coleen added: “Well it would, what about when people have got drunk and try to open the door because they’re drunk?” Jane objected to her point as she explained she wouldn’t behave like that after one glass of wine. Speaking about her smoking habit, Coleen said: “I don’t think my sacrifice is greater at all.” She added: “I think it’s absolutely right that you’re not allowed to, it is dangerous. “Equally, I managed to do 12-15 hour flights, surely you can go five or six hours without a drink? Because if you can’t you’ve got a problem.” Turning her back to Jane she said: “So let’s talk about that next week shall we!” Jane chimed in, “You can, but why should you” Christine revealed they had conducted a poll which showed that 61 percent of viewers didn’t agree that alcohol should be banned at airports. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12:30pm.