The Queen purchased the stunning Gatcombe Park estate for her only daughter Princess Anne shortly after her marriage to Captain Mark Phillips in the 1970s. While Anne has now remarried, she continues to live at Gatcombe and divides her time between her country home and her London residence of St James's Palace. Gatcombe Park is located between the villages of Avening and Minchinhampton in Gloucestershire. Also based in Gloucestershire are Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, so Anne can easily visit her brother at his Highgrove House residence. Anne's residence is privately owned rather than Crown Estate, but it is open to the public for certain major events like the Festival of British Eventing. READ MORE: Kate and William's move to Adelaide Cottage branded 'disgraceful'  The main residence at Gatcombe Park is a Grade-II listed mansion which Anne and her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence call home. The manor is thought to have five primary bedrooms, four secondary bedrooms, a billiard room, a conservatory, a library and four reception rooms for entertaining. Anne has spoken warmly of Gatcombe in the past, telling Countryfile: "It's really nice to come back and just be yourself in an area like this. "Being able to take on a place like this – for me, I’ve got to make it work.  "This is not something that comes free, this has got to pay its way, otherwise I can’t stay here." Gatcombe Park boasts 730 acres of land and Anne keeps many of her horses stabled on the grounds. Also residents of the Gatcombe Park estate are Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall, her husband Mike Tindall and their three children, Mia, Lena and Lucas. Princess Anne's husband Peter Phillips also reportedly lives at Gatcombe with his two daughters Isla and Savannah, and he previously lived there with his ex-wife Autumn. DON'T MISS: Kate set to be 'very busy' with new school uniform for children [INSIGHT]Royals have no idea what real life's like - EXPRESS LETTERS [COMMENT]Kate Middleton's engagement ring is rooted in famous royal love story [PICTURES]  Few pictures inside Gatcombe Park exist, but the Royal Family shared a picture of Anne and Tim in their living room watching the rugby in 2021. The decor was classically elegant with plenty of photos, family pictures and trinkets on display. Around a busy coffee table piled with books sat an orange patterned sofa and armchair along with plenty of dark wood furniture. 