Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been urged to sign a Premier League-proven striker to fill the "obvious" void up front. United are in the market for a forward and ex-Red Devils goalkeeper Mark Bosnich says experience in the English top flight is a necessity. Ten Hag saw his side lose 2-1 to Brighton on the opening day of the season on Sunday. Christian Eriksen started as a false nine, with Anthony Martial injured and Cristiano Ronaldo not fit enough to start. United have made three signings this summer but are yet to recruit up top. Bosnich says everyone can see another body is needed in that position and claims any player brought in must be able to hit the ground running from day one. The Australian told Sky Sports News: "It is quite obvious they do need cover up front. They've got to go and get somebody who's experienced enough, preferably someone who's played in the Premier League, who knows what it's all about as well, before the transfer window shuts on September 1." Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest  Former Stoke and West Ham striker Marko Arnautovic emerged as a shock target on Sunday, with a £7.6million bid being turned down by Bologna. The interest has sparked plenty of criticism but Bosnich believes the Austrian would be a good signing, having worked with Ten Hag and assistant Steve McClaren before at FC Twente. He added: "Yeah [he's] 33 but he has got Premier League experience and he's an excellent player. He's obviously worked with Erik ten Hag before at Twente and also Steve McClaren. "It's very difficult with a month to go to line up somebody who everyone will turn around and say 'that's an absolutely massive signing' like a Darwin Nunez so to speak. They need to get cover in so right at this moment in time I don't think there are many other options. "There will be some other options but he is definitely one of them and I don't see a problem in making sure that the squad is covered because it's going to be a very long and arduous season. To have somebody who he's worked with before and knows the system of play that Erik ten Hag wants to play, I think it would be a good signing." DON'T MISSSaliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exitsDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made  Ten Hag refused to discuss interest in Arnautovic after the loss to Brighton. He said: “I don’t go into names because I think in this pre-season maybe 250 players are linked with Man United, so that’s it. “We have two strikers, maybe a third one with Rashford as well – who we considered as a striker, but he had a really good pre-season on the left side and also today he had two really good chances coming in from the left-hand side. “So I think it was the right decision to do it like this. But we didn’t have the typical nine, it was not available today.”  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt