At a time when petrol and diesel prices are finally falling, many drivers will continue to be thrifty when filling up their tank. Drivers often pick up habits when at the petrol station, with some topping up their fuel levels more often, while others wait for their tank to be almost empty before refuelling. It's been suggested that motorists visit the petrol station whenever their tank is half full. One driver spoke on TikTok about the benefits of the method, saying it was one of the most important tips. In the clip, the American TikTok user, who uses the name prepared.living, said: “Fill up when your gas tank is half full. “I always wait until it's at E or below. I just hate stopping to get gas. READ MORE: Driver hit with parking note from angry neighbour after blocking road “If you can afford to fill up, keep it at the half mark. “The reason for this is the more gas you have in your tank, the less air occupying its empty space. “Gasoline evaporates faster than you can imagine.” A full tank of fuel will contribute to the overall weight of the vehicle and will reduce fuel efficiency slightly. DON'T MISSElectric car charger installation may end up in 'potential disaster' [WARNING]'Reduces fuel you use': Drivers should drive with item in back seat [INSIGHT]Blue Badge holders face parking fines in Europe due to Brexit issue [SHOCKING] However, the fuel in the tank only weighs a very small percentage of the overall car or van weight, an average of around five percent. James Baker, from RegCarCheck, said that it was a good way for drivers to keep an eye on their fuel economy. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he added: "The more petrol that you hold in your tank, the less air filling its empty space. “When fuel meets air, it evaporates faster. “Petrol tanks hold an inner roof that limits evaporation, driving with less oxygen in the tank eliminates this further. “It's a great tip." Filling up a tank halfway compared to a full tank of fuel only reduces the weight by two and a half percent. With this in mind, it is very likely that the change in fuel economy would be marginal. Given the current fuel prices, it may be understandable that drivers want to avoid filling up more often, especially with costs fluctuating. Drivers may also benefit if they avoid leaving gaps in their trips to the filling station as it could have an effect on the fuel tank. Oil deposits and bad quality petrol or diesel always falls to the bottom of a fuel tank and should not be pumped around the vehicle for a prolonged period. By constantly refreshing the tank with petrol or diesel, these deposits don’t have the chance to damage the fuel filler. If it does, this could cause the fuel pump to overheat and cause damage to the car.