CBS’ long-running drama NCIS is expected to make its comeback with a milestone 20th season in September. However, there could be bad news for Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) and Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) as their relationship breaks a major rule.  Towards the end of season 19, viewers watched in awe as the show introduced a new romance between Jimmy and Jessica. During the finale, the pair finally shared their first kiss after months of flirting throughout the season, while fans begged for them to become an item. Things began moving forward for the co-workers after Agent Jessica asked Medical Examiner Jimmy to be her date to a wedding. And he was left visibly struck when he saw her in the gown and outside of her usual workwear. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers    After the wedding, the two began hanging out more, they even shared a touching moment after they were faced with danger while transporting a liver for a transplant. Before they shared their first kiss, the pair said they were looking forward to their future together. Although the instalment ended on a hopeful note, things could take a heartbreaking end in season 20. While fans want to see the couple share more romantic scenes, Jimmy and Jessica could be forced to break up.   This could be on the cards as dating a co-worker breaks one of Jethro Gibbs’ (Mark Harmon) many long-standing rules. Since the show’s pilot episode, Gibbs has led the team of agents and though he was a loved member and highly respected the former Marine gunnery sergeant had a set of rules. Gibbs had an extensive list of 47 rules which guided the team to be the best agents and remain professional. This included rule 12 “never date a co-worker,” which he first mentioned in season 15. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage [INSIGHT]Omar Epps teases NCIS: LA cameo after LL Cool J reunion [INSIGHT]NCIS: Mark Harmon finally speaks out on why he really quit as Gibbs [INSIGHT]   While the two have only recently made their romance official, fans will have to wait and see if they will be made to split. The rules may no longer apply as Gibbs resigned from the role and decided to live in Alaska during the season 19 episode, Great Wide Open. However, the couple may still decide to honour his judgement and call it quits before it gets too serious. While it's yet to be seen how the rest of the team will take to the news of the relationship, the new leader Alden Parker (Gary Cole) may dismiss Gibbs’ rules. However, the remainder of the team may not feel the same as couples have been made to break up in the past.    This was seen during season eight when Agent Tony DiNozzo’s (Michael Weatherley) relationship with Agent EJ Barrett (Sarah Jane Morris) created tension with Gibbs. During the episode Dead Reflection, Tony defended the romance and said it was fine because they were not on the same team. However, Gibbs shut him down and said: “My team, my rules.” As he believed a relationship between the agents could affect their ability to work, fans will have to wait to see if this will also be the case for Jimmy and Jessica. NCIS season 20 will premiere on CBS in the USA later this year. Season 19 continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK. 