Piers Morgan took to Twitter today and addressed Meghan Markle's candid admission after she relived the shocking moment in her newly released podcast. The Duchess of Sussex described how the incident, which saw baby Archie's room catch fire, had left her "shaken" and "in tears". The TalkTV presenter has since taken to the micro-blogging and sparked critcism online as he reacted to the royal's candid anecdote. The former Good Morning Britain presenter suggested despite the heartwrenching incident "nobody was harmed". The 41-year-old discussed the moment with her friend and tennis star Serena Williams on Archetypes podcast which aired on Tuesday. Meghan explained she had been visiting Nyanga, a suburb of Cape Town, with Prince Harry in 2019. READ MORE: Ben Affleck's wife Jennifer Lopez shares new wedding pics In view of his 7.9 million followers, Piers retweeted a post from ITV's royal correspondent Chris Ship's account, which read: "READ: Meghan Markle says Archie's room caught fire during her and Harry’s Royal Tour of South Africa and it left everyone in tears - and yet she still had to an official engagement that night which she said doesn’t 'make any sense'. Piers shared his thoughts on the Duchess of Sussex's tearful admission and wrote: "He wasn’t even in the room & nobody was harmed. "Can you imagine the Queen whining about having to an engagement in this circumstance? Markle’s victimhood knows no bounds." But the broadcaster's remarks sparked some backlash online as social media user's reacted, as royal fans offered their support to the Sussexes.  Twitter user, @BigSister penned: "She's recounting an anecdote. Give it a rest Piers." @Bumble wrote: "It's the thoughts of what could have happened that's upsetting." @Dandylione penned: "What an awful thing to happen. No they were so incredibly raw and emotional during this tour. New parents and then having such a close call w/your small baby."(sic) @Nola wrote: "Meghan Markle & Serena Williams opening up about the scares they've had with their babies but still having to go to work hours later... chills! Can't imagine the fear Meg and Harry felt when learning about the fire in baby Archie's room during the South Africa tour #Archetypes." DON'T MISS:Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi[LATEST]Janette Manrara shows off toned legs in sequinned dress[PICTURES]Listeners to Meghan Markle podcast SWITCH OFF as they 'yawn' at story [REACTION] Addressing what took place, Meghan explained she and Prince Harry had to head to an engagement after they arrived in South Africa and while Archie was placed in a housing unit to take a nap. She said: "We finish the engagement, we get in the car and they say 'there's been a fire at the residence. There's been a fire in the baby's room'. "We get back, and our amazing nanny Lauren is in floods of tears. She was supposed to put Archie down for his nap and she just said: 'You know what? Let me just go get a snack downstairs.'" She continued: "In that amount of time that she went downstairs, the heater in the nursery caught on fire. "There was no smoke detector. Someone happened to just smell smoke down the hallway, went in, fire extinguished. He was supposed to be sleeping in there." Meghan added: "As a mother, you go, Oh, my God, what? "Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken. And what do we have to do? Go out and do another official engagement." The eventful September trip was the first the couple had shared since the birth of Archie Harrison and saw the Duke and Duchess meet anti-apartheid activist Bishop Desmond Tutu. Their visit to Nyanga was to meet with The Justice Desk, a group that teaches self-defence and empowerment to vulnerable children, many of whom have suffered trauma.