Tottenham may be forced to agree to loan Destiny Udogie back to Udinese in order to get a deal for the left-back over the line this summer. Spurs have been tipped to enjoy a stellar campaign, with manager Antonio Conte already overseeing the arrival of six new faces to the club. Tottenham were one of the form teams in the Premier League last season after Conte took over from Nuno Espirito Santo in November. And the Italian led his side to Champions League qualification on the final day of the campaign. Conte has persuaded club chiefs to shell out mega-money to bring in Richarlison from Everton, Yves Bissouma from Brighton and Djed Spence from Middlesbrough this summer, while Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster have arrived on free transfers. And Clement Lenglet has also joined on loan from Barcelona. Conte has already put together a mouthwatering squad as he looks to embark on an assault for silverware. But it doesn’t look like he’s done yet. READ MORE: Mikel Arteta makes transfer promise to Arsenal fans ahead of Palace According to The Telegraph, Tottenham are close to agreeing a deal to sign Udogie, with the 19-year-old expected to cost around £21million. But Udinese have requested that he remains in Italy on loan for a season if the deal does goes through. That means Spurs would not be able to call upon the youngster until the start of next season and would therefore have to rely on Perisic and Ryan Sessegnon to compete for the left wing-back position, with Sergio Reguilon already being told he can leave this summer. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag slams 'unacceptable' Ronaldo for early pre-season exitChelsea's electric XI with De Jong and make two more new signingsTottenham have Zaniolo swap possibility after AC Milan pull plug on two deals  Udogie came through the academy at Hellas Verona before moving to his current team on an initial loan deal last summer. The teenager played 35 Serie A matches for Udinese last term and racked-up five goals and three assists. And his transfer was made permanent earlier this summer. The ace has won four caps for the Italy under-21s side and has been tipped to make his full debut for his country this year. And Spurs are keen to sign him now as it will mean they are able to secure a star of the future at a reasonable price. Tottenham are set to get their new Premier League season underway this Saturday as they play host to Southampton. And Conte will be desperate for his side to produce a top-of-the-range performance to show their rivals they are a force to be reckoned with this time out. The Lilywhites then travel to Chelsea next weekend before hosting Wolves later this month. 