 On Monday, Meghan Markle sat down for an exclusive interview with New York-based magazine The Cut. Inviting journalist Alisson P. Davis into her Montecito home, the Duchess of Sussex gave a rare insight into her and her husband Prince Harry’s new lives across the pond. Meghan revealed she would be returning to Instagram, invited Ms Davis on the school run to pick up three-year-old Archie and gave glimpses into the relationship she shares with the Duke of Sussex.  But while the majority of the interview focused on life after leaving the Firm, some royal experts have pointed out apparent swipes at the Royal Family. Rebecca English, royal editor at The Mail+, has claimed Meghan’s message is “clear” — the Royal Family “had better watch their backs”. Writing for publication, Ms English said: “Her [Meghan] behaviour ranges from the unintentionally hilarious (likening herself and Harry to entwined palm trees and matching salt and pepper shakers), to the downright bizarre (handing a pre-prepared backpack — unprompted — to a homeless person she comes cross on the school run via her bodyguard). “But there is an undertone of cool menace in the Duchess of Sussex’s latest extraordinary interview with American lifestyle magazine The Cut. READ MORE: 'A lot riding’ on Harry’s memoir as Meghan faces backlash over explosive interview  “‘It’s interesting, I’ve never had to sign anything that restricts me from talking,’ she notes at one point, adding: ‘I’ve really made an active effort [to forgive], especially knowing that I can say anything.’ “Even the interviewer notes that her voice is ‘full of meaning’. Meghan goes on: ‘I have a lot to say until I don’t. Do you like that? Sometimes, as they say, the silent part is still part of the song.’ “The language may be strangulated but her message is crystal clear: the Royal Family — her in-laws — had better watch their backs. “She makes the not-so-subtle impression that her treatment by the British establishment — which she feels was different to any other member of the Royal Family in history — was because of race.” During the interview, Meghan explained the structure by which royals release photographs of their children to the UK media — a system that “didn’t sit right with” her. She told Ms Davis: “Why would I give the very people that are calling my children the N-word a photo of my child before I can share it with the people that love my child? “You tell me how that makes sense and then I’ll play that game.”  Later, Meghan touched on her and Harry’s decision to step down from their senior roles in the Royal Family and leave the UK. She referred to the Sussexes’ early proposal of removing their taxpayer funding but continuing to work on behalf of the monarchy while earning their own money. The Duchess then discussed their desire to leave the country, claiming she and Harry were disturbing the hierarchical dynamic just by existing.  She added that their proposal was not something new for the Royal Family and went on to list a number of royals who have the exact arrangement they had asked for. When asked why that might be, Meghan returned the question. Ms Davis wrote Meghan’s response came with a look that suggested she “should understand without having to be told.” Meghan and Harry have previously discussed racism against the Duchess in relation to their decision to exit the Firm. DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT] In their now-infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duke and Duchess alleged there were “several conversations” within the Royal Family about how dark their baby might be. Meghan told the chat show host: “In those months when I was pregnant [there were] concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he was born.” She said the conversations were with Harry, who later relayed them to her. Both she and Harry refused to say which member of the family said it. Harry said: “That conversation, I am never going to share. “At the time it was awkward, I was a bit shocked.” Harry also said that it hurt him that his family never spoke out about the “colonial undertones” of news headlines and articles. More recently, Meghan claimed the racism against her exploded after she started dating the prince. Speaking on the latest episode of her podcast ‘Archetypes’, Meghan said she wasn’t treated like a black woman until she first met Harry. She told her guest Mariah Carey that things "shifted" once she started dating her now-husband back in June 2016. Mariah said: "I think for us it's so different because we're light-skinned, you're not treated as a black woman, you're not treated as a white woman, you sort of fit in between.” The Duchess responded: “I mean if there’s any time in my life that it’s been more focused on my race, it’s only once I started dating my husband. “Then I started to understand what it was like to be treated like a black woman, because up until then I had been treated like a mixed woman and things really shifted.” When the couple started dating, Harry was forced to an issue an unprecedented statement condemning “the smear on the front page of a national newspaper; the racial undertones of comment pieces; and the outright sexism and racism of social media trolls and web articles.” He said he was “worried about Ms. Markle’s safety and is deeply disappointed that he has not been able to protect her. “It is not right that a few months into a relationship with him that Ms. Markle should be subjected to such a storm.”