EastEnders star and Jada Lennox actress Kelsey Calladine-Smith has bid an emotional farewell to the BBC One soap after just one year in Walford. The star recently took to her Instagram page to share some heartfelt images with her fellow cast members and looked back on her time in the BBC One soap. Jada stormed into Walford last year leaving her daughter Alyssa on the doorstep of Sharon Watts' (played by Letitia Dean) house, after falling pregnant with Dennis Rickman Jr's (Bleu Landau) baby. In recent scenes, Jada accepted a job at Fox and Hair, but her friends Chess Newland (Liani Samuel) and Melody Wiles (Niamh Longford) began causing trouble for her and Will Mitchell (Freddie Phillips) by smoking drugs. Viewers also know Janine Butcher (Charlie Brookes) has been desperate to rid the square of Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) who refuses to leave. In upcoming scenes, Janine seeks out Jada and blackmails her into helping her to ensure Linda is out of the picture once and for all. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview Jada is torn, but it seems as though she ultimately obeys Janine’s commands before regretting her actions, telling Janine they have gone too far. Will Jada, therefore, pay the ultimate price for going against Janine and her mission to get rid of Linda? Jada's exit storyline has yet to be revealed but she is part of a huge cast shake-up exiting the show. On Saturday, she shared some behind-the-scenes snaps on the set at Elstree Studios as she prepares to say goodbye to her character. Kelsey gave fans an insight into what it was like behind the cameras and said she was grateful for her experience on the show. Sharing some snaps with some of the biggest stars, she penned: "My Eastenders experience has brought me nothing but smiles." The photos feature Martin Fowler star James Bye, Mick Carter star Danny Dyer and the iconic Phil Mitchell star Steve McFadden. Other pictures see Kelsey posing with some of the iconic sets around Walford including her home at number 43, outside The Albert, and holding a bouquet of flowers outside Eastern Blossom Chinese. DON'T MISS...Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  [LATEST]Pierce Brosnan’s FURY at being fired from James Bond: ‘It’s juvenile!’ [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [WATCH] Kelsey's departure from the show comes after a huge shake-up within the BBC soap, with Ricky Champ (Stuart Highway), Dayle Hudson (Peter Beale) and Barbara Smith (Dana Monroe) leaving alongside her. A source told Digital Spy: "Whenever a new boss comes in, there's always going to be big changes and it's no different with Chris. "He's been working hard behind the scenes since January and is really planning to shake things up, which means saying goodbye to some characters. "It's nothing personal to any of the cast going, it's simply a creative decision - for big storylines to happen you have to say goodbye to people, that's the nature of soap." They added: "Chris has some really big stories planned and viewers will see his stuff starting to air over the summer. "He's really keen to take the show back to its roots, build up the clans again with some big explosive long-running stories." Will Jada simply leave Walford, leaving the door open for a return? Or will Janine get her hands on her, making her exit permanent? EastEnders airs Monday-Thursday from 7:30pm on BBC One.