Newcastle have maintained an interest in signing Timo Werner on loan from Chelsea but Dan Ashworth may be once again frustrated in his attempts to bring in an attacker. Newcastle came into this summer transfer window expected to be one of the big spenders in the Premier League to begin their climb up the table. Big stars such as Josko Gvardiol, Kalvin Phillips, Darwin Nunez and Alexander Isak were all being linked with moves to St James' Park. But sporting director Ashworth has been unable to get those deals over the line so far with only three new incomings. Nick Pope, Matt Targett and Sven Botman have all come in with Eddie Howe improving his defensive unit. There is yet to be any movement on their forward line though despite a host of big-money moves being touted. Newcastle have now reportedly turned their attention to bringing in Werner on loan from Chelsea. The Germany international has struggled in his two seasons at Stamford Bridge and Chelsea are supposedly keen to offload his wages.  Thomas Tuchel wants money to be spent on improving his defensive unit and sending Werner out on loan with a permanent clause included could free up the funds. Newcastle have the financial ability to take on Werner's wages, but The Athletic point out why the forward could end up rejecting a move up north. It is claimed that Werner's 'preference' is a move back to the Bundesliga with RB Leipzig supposedly keen to reunite with their former attacker. It was at Leipzig where Werner established himself as one of the most lethal strikers in world football.  He scored an impressive 34 goals in his final season with Leipzig but has so far failed to replicate that form in England. He found the net just four times in 21 Premier League appearances last year while providing one assist. Werner has struggled for regular minutes under Tuchel though and started less than half of Chelsea's league games last year. And Raheem Sterling's arrival will likely eat into Werner's minutes even more for the upcoming season. At Newcastle, Werner would likely be a guaranteed starter but Newcastle do have other options they could bring in to bolster their attacking options. Leicester duo James Maddison and Harvey Barnes are strongly linked to St James' Park while Jack Harrison has also attracted interest from the Magpies.