The new legal drama Partner Track landed on Netflix on Friday, and told the story of Ingrid Yun (played by Arden Cho), who was confronted with trials and tribulations at a New York City law firm. Following the show’s finale, the actress opened up about a potential second instalment.   Arden Cho stars as Ingrid, a first-generation Korean American and the first lawyer in her family. Despite her accolades, she was confronted with unprecedented challenges when she tried to make partner at the high-flying New York firm Parsons Valentine. Although she excelled at the prestigious firm, her traditional ideals held her back as she felt overlooked as the only woman and only East Asian person in the room. As well as being forced to work twice as hard to prove her work, Ingrid’s romantic life wasn’t much of a relief as she was also swept up in a complicated love triangle. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘very worried’ he’s ‘going to be in trouble’ with memoir   Ingrid’s life was turned upside down in the finale when she discovered her lover and co-worker Jeff Murphy (Dominic Sherwood) was the reason she didn’t make partner. With the shocking cliffhanger, many wondered if Parker Track would return to screens with a second season. Thankfully for fans, Ingrid star Arden addressed their hopes. Detailing her need for the instalment, she shared: “I might just fall over and die if there’s no season two.   “Are you serious? Ingrid– if her life ends there is just… I mean, she can’t sleep. She’s just made all the wrong choices. She’s like, ‘Why? Why did I pick that one?’ “What I hope is that, it’s that ending moment where she’s like, ‘Oh, okay. Rewind, what is life really about, and what am I doing?’ “I mean, there are so many thoughts running through her mind in that moment, right? It can go in every different direction.” The actress continued: “We must have a season two and I’m hoping the viewers binge it all, and then tweet Netflix like, ‘Hello, must have a season two, we need to know what happens to Ingrid!’ DON'T MISS...Endeavour fans devastated as boss shares disappointing update [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent forced to cut interview over 'problem' [NEWS]Extraordinary Attorney Woo: Lee jun-ho star hit backs at backlash [INSIGHT]  “There are so many exciting things that I feel like could happen. “I feel like I am so curious where the writers would take this because I’m definitely not a writer, and not as imaginative so I don’t know, but I feel like whichever way it went, I’d be so down,” Arden added to Den of Geek. During the finale, it was revealed Jeff had informed their boss Marty Adler (Matthew Rauch) about bailing her out of jail. This was a huge betrayal as it derailed her hopes while it benefitted his own.  Ingrid was left heartbroken after Marty confronted her and said: “A parter puts the firm first, Ingrid, I thought I could trust you.” The betrayal will not only put their friendship in jeopardy but also the professional relationship as Jeff and Ingrid were working together on the Sun Corp partnership. Partner Track in the onscreen adaptation of Helen Wan's best-selling novel of the same name. Readers are well aware there is more to Ingrid’s story, however, it will be up to Netflix to see if the show will be renewed and streaming giants have yet to confirm. Parker Track is available on Netflix. 