Miriam became an official Australian citizen back in 2013 and is continuing to learn more about her fellow residents. In her documentary Australia Unmasked, the 81-year-old admits that she had never met a “bogan” before in her life and didn’t want to.  A Bogan is a derogatory slang term used down under to describe somebody who is uncouth and unsophisticated. They’re often thought of as being a person who is of low social status and is the Australian equivalent to the term “chav” in the UK. Miriam has candidly opened up on her initial perceptions of a “Bogan” and revealed before the new documentary she had no intention to do so. She admits in Australia Unmasked that she was “guilty of snobbery, of looking down on them.”    However, during her travels, she met a self-confessed “bogan” who she has since said she enjoyed spending time with. "When I do these documentaries, I just open myself to the people I meet. And I receive what they want to give me," she told the BBC. "I was surprised how much I thoroughly enjoyed my time with the bogans.” The 81-year-old confessed that they made her laugh during her time and she ended up growing affectionate towards them.    Miriam said that although there is no point in trying to make people stop using the term “bogan” she no longer feels as though she’s above them. The actress continued: “They're a community; they're generous and they're fun. I look up to them." Although Miriam became an official citizen a decade ago, through her partner Heather, it seems that she’s always had a fondness for Australia. She bought land in a small country town called Robertson 22 years ago which she told the BBC she “loves”.    She said: “I love Robertson because I love small, unpretentious towns. “Unfortunately, it's gentrifying. “Too many people from inner city Sydney are arriving - 'weekenders' - which is a shame, because it's beautiful: the trees, the escarpment and the waterfalls are lovely." Earlier this year, Miriam confessed that she suffers from a crippling condition called spinal stenosis.     While being interviewed by Alan Yentob in an episode of BBC’s Imagine, she spoke more on her condition. Opening up to Alan, she called her spinal stenosis “very painful” as she admits she can no longer be as physically active. Speaking about not being able to be as active, she called the situation “irritating and upsetting.” Australia Unmasked is now airing in Australia on ABC iView. In the UK, it will air on the BBC at a later date. 