 Netflix’s South Korean legal drama, Extraordinary Attorney Woo has taken the streaming giant by storm, with fans enthralled by the heartwarming show. However, despite the positive sentiment, the series has received some criticism that actor Kang tae-oh addressed.    Extraordinary Attorney Woo told the story of Woo Young Woo (played by Park Eun-bin), a young lawyer on the Autistic spectrum. Although she excelled at her prestigious Seoul University and brought warmth to the law firm, Woo Young Woo struggled with social interactions. It was her high IQ of 164, impressive memory and creative thought process that made the character a massive hit with fans. The show also provided insight into the remarkable ways autistic and neurotypical people communicate. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview     Despite the challenges she faced with communicating at the law firm, Woo Young Woo hit it off with her co-worker Lee jun-ho (Kang tae-oh). The two began as good friends before the king and compassionate Jun-ho began having romantic feelings for Young Woo. Despite the positivity the character provided in Young Woo’s life, fans seemed to have a negative reaction to Jun-ho. In a recent interview, the star addressed the negative feedback from viewers.   Actor Tae-oh disclosed: “I thought I wouldn't [get offended]. “Before, I was thinking, 'Why do people get offended by comments?' But when I confronted the bad comments about me, the damage was huge. “Even when I am praised 100 times, it hurts if I get hated even just once.” The star also revealed coming across a comment which questioned his role as the show’s male lead. DON'T MISS...Arlene Foster slams Emily Maitlis' 'laughable' remark on BBC 'agenda [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom star praises ‘phenomenal’ Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT]Manifest season 4 release date confirmed with heartbreaking twist [INSIGHT]  “One day I saw a comment saying, 'Why does an actor like him get cast as a male lead?'” He added: “When I see such a comment, I click on the dislike button for starters. I'm like, ‘Who liked this comment?’ with anger.” Tae-oh also acknowledged the effect the negative comments would have on his portrayal of Jun-ho. “Unless it's pre-produced, filming goes on even when the drama is airing, and then I become conscious of the reactions.  “Whether it is a good reaction or a bad reaction, I am unable to concentrate on my acting if I start to care about it,” he added to GQ. Despite the negative reaction from viewers, Extraordinary Attorney Woo proved to be a huge hit for others as it smashed records. After its premiere in June, the show gained a whopping 67 million viewing hours in its sixth week on Netflix, after clocking in 24 million in its first week. The legal drama smashed another record last week as it topped The Sandman and became Netflix’s most-watched show with over 77 million hours streamed. Extraordinary Attorney Woo is available on Netflix 