Brooke Norton-Cuffy has signed a new contract at Arsenal, according to reports. The 18-year-old is highly-rated by Gunners supporters and has ended speculation over his future. Norton-Cuffy impressed during a loan spell at Lincoln in the second half of last season. However, he returned to the Emirates with just a year remaining on his deal. There has been interest from elsewhere in the teenager. But The Athletic says that has now been put to bed. Norton-Cuffy has put pen to paper on a new deal in north London. An announcement is set to be made by the Gunners at some point this week. He will then likely go out on loan to a Championship club for this season to gain valuable first-team experience. Norton-Cuffy made 17 appearances in League One at Lincoln, scoring one goal. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest  The defender first joined Arsenal's academy at the age of 12 from Chelsea. He was receiving interest from clubs in the Premier League and across Europe. He was in the England under-19 squad which won the European Championship this summer. Another loan could be beneficial to Norton-Cuffy's development as chances at Arsenal right now could be at a premium. Takehiro Tomiyasu is nearing a return to fitness and is the first-choice right-back for Mikel Arteta. Ben White started the season in that position last week at Crystal Palace, while Cedric Soares is an experienced option available. DON'T MISSArsenal star Gabriel's two-word comment on Saliba may upset WhiteChelsea opportunity can provide Arteta's final Arsenal summer signingArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made  Norton-Cuffy will be hoping a successful season in the second tier of English football will push his case for an Arsenal spot upon his return. He appeared on The Beautiful Game Podcast last month, where he expressed his desire to play at a high level this season. He also explained why he chose to join Arsenal as a youngster ahead of the likes of Tottenham and Liverpool. He said: “I went on trial at Tottenham, Arsenal of course, I think I went on trial at Liverpool. "I went all over the place, loads of clubs and obviously I signed for Arsenal. I went on trial at Tottenham, I remember that trial, and I just ended up choosing Arsenal. "I just liked the way Arsenal was; I liked the environment, I liked the coaches, I liked the players, so I kind of brushed off all the other clubs. My dad was like ‘try this club, try this club,’ but I liked Arsenal." 