The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed they plan to return to the UK to attend a collection of charity events next month. Ahead of their visit, the couple have reportedly made no plans to repair their fractured relationships with other members of the royal family, including the Duke’s brother Prince William. The “frosty” relationship between Prince Harry and Prince William was seen by thousands during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and the brothers are expected to avoid repeating the tense display during Harry’s time in the UK. However, journalist Stephanie Takyi speculated there could be “secret meet-ups” set to occur within royal households in a desperate bid to resolve the rift between the two Princes in a private manner.     Speaking on GB News, Ms Takyi said: “People are saying they’re not actually going to meet up. “As we know, the brothers have a bit of a frosty relationship. “At the Platinum Jubilee, they stayed as far away from each other as possible, so, I don’t think anything is going to be mended in that relationship anytime soon. “But, maybe stuff does happen behind closed doors that is not in the public glare - maybe there are secret conversations and secret meet-ups which are not highlighted.”     The Platinum Jubilee revealed obvious tensions between Prince William and Prince Harry as the once close brothers largely avoided one another throughout the celebrations. During the Friday’s Thanksgiving Service, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were seen sat on the opposite side of St Paul’s Cathedral from Prince William and Kate. The event marked the first public appearance of the two couples together since 2020, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made the decision to step back from royal duties. Prince Harry and Prince William were seen together last year for the funeral of their grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh where, once again, they were positioned on opposite sides of the room. Read more: Prince Louis is 'the new Harry' and is 'less restricted' than brother  Rumours of a strained relationship between the brothers have spiralled since Prince Harry and Meghan gave their famed interview to Oprah Winfrey. During the meeting, Prince Harry discussed his decision to step back from royal life as he said: “I was trapped by I didn’t know I was trapped. I was trapped within the system like the rest of my family are.” He added: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. “They don’t get to leave and I have huge compassion for that. Don't miss: Harry and Meghan to visit Britain again, despite security claims... [ANALYSIS]Royal Family: 'Desperate' Harry and Meghan spark fierce backlash  [REVEAL]Royal Family 'worried' over Prince Harry's 'explosive' memoir [INSIGHT]  In the shocking interview, Prince Harry also referenced his turbulent relationship with Prince William as he confirmed the two had grown distant since his move away from the close royal family. The Duke of Sussex said: “I love William to bits, he’s my brother, we’ve been through hell together, we have a shared experience but we’re on different paths. “The relationship is space at the moment. Time heals all things, hopefully.” Following the interview, Prince William made a brief statement to members of the media in which he said he had not yet spoken to his brother, but outlined his hopes to discuss the revelations with Prince Harry at some point in the future. Read next: Meghan and Harry’s ‘magic dust’ has dampenedMeghan and Harry’s ‘cashed up future’ with Netflix 'less certain'Royal POLL: Do you support Meghan and Harry’s return to UK next month?Kate and Prince William tipped for Windsor home 'swap' with FergieKate & William snubbed as Harry & Meghan NOT expected to meet in UK