As the cost of living crisis worsens many Britons are desperately looking for new ways to save money. Instagram influencer Gemma Bird, who runs @moneymumofficial which now has 287,000 followers, has shared her top tips to help others make their money go further. When it comes to making savings, it’s often the little changes that soon add up. Mum-of-two Gemma, 41, who lives in Billericay, Essex, told The Mirror: "Money worries are on most people's minds. “We were used to what we were paying out – gas, electricity, car – but these have all changed, going up rapidly, and wages aren’t going up to match. "There’s uncertainty. But there are also lots of ways to reduce your cost of living – and some of them may just surprise you." READ MORE: Free prescriptions UK: Proposals to make over 60s pay ‘not fair' When she is out and about with her children, she always takes a backpack filled with drinks and snacks to make days out cheaper and recommends setting up a cinema in the garden to entertain little ones. She also says it’s so important to plan ahead during the holidays so parents can make the most of all the free activities and keep an eye on costs. As well as this, she recommends downloading the My Parking Space app to find cheaper parking on days out further afield. However, with petrol costs at their current high it’s advisable to leave the car at home when possible. DON'T MISSTop 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [INSIGHT]30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August [ALERT]State pension increase - what rates might you expect in April 2023? [UPDATE]You could save almost £1,000 a year on energy bills with two hacks [ALERT] Gemma’s 12 money saving tips for the summer: READ MORE: How to save money UK: 5 things to do if you can't afford bills Express.co.uk has come up with 20 ways Britons can save money on their summer holiday - including a credit card hack which could save people hundreds. Use Tesco vouchers to purchase it for £15 instead of £30. Another tip is to check out www.lovehomeswap.com - which has got to be one of the most cost effective ways to holiday.     Pet lovers could even try petsitting if they don’t mind having furry friends for company. Trusted Housesitters is a website that matches homeowners around the world with people who are willing to look after their property, along with their pets. Inge Dowden told Express.co.uk how she absolutely loves travelling this way and would recommend it to anyone. 