ITV is known for its long-running detective dramas, with Brenda Blethyn's Vera being a fan-favourite. Line of Duty star Adrian Dunbar has joined another show, Ridley, as a retired detective who works as a consultant on certain cases. The writer of both shows, Paul Matthew Thompson, spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the challenges of creating such programmes. Ridley stars Adrian Dunbar in the title role and he finds himself emotionally invested in a compelling murder case. Filmed across Northern England, the series will introduce Detective Inspector Alex Ridley, who has retired from the police. Ridley’s replacement is DI Carol Farman (Bronagh Waugh), his former protégée whom he respects. The show is inspired by real-life retired detectives re-joining police forces in a consultancy role and it was created by one of the lead writers of Vera. Paul opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about how difficult it can be to fit everything into each episode. READ MORE: Brenda Blethyn details challenge of iconic Vera character trait He said: "You think you have got loads of time within these two-hour feature-length things to get everything in. "But actually you have to work out the formula, it's very mathematical, I'm not very good at the maths bit. "That kind of fries your brain a bit. You have to be character driven. "Often that is something you lose when you are trying to work out the ins and outs of the crime and the twists and turns of who died." He said the key to a successful detective drama was that the main characters have a big heart. READ MORE: Last Kingdom’s Father Pyrlig star pays tribute to Alexander Dreymon He added: "I think we feel with the best confidence that we almost have self-ownership of them. "We care about them and we want them to win. I think the thing that Vera and Ridley have in common is they have a real sense of morality. "They want to help people, they want to find out who the bad people are and they want to nail them. "I think if you can get that you can drive the case and it kind of writes itself." He joked that he was never allowed to mention the word "retirement" with Vera. DON'T MISS... Vera star addresses new job away from series 'A tough act to follow' [INTERVIEW] Vera's Brenda Blethyn on how brother came to 'rescue' after heartbreak [INSIGHT] Vera star details 'special' moment on set with Brenda Blethyn [INTERVIEW] Paul addressed his new role away from Vera, which should hopefully return sometime in 2022. He said Brenda Blethyn's character was a "tough act to follow", but he was excited to tell a detective story from a different perspective. The series will be made up of four two-hour episodes and Adrian said of his character: "He’s complicated in many ways, quite a distance away from anything I’ve played before. "Even though it’s me, it looks like me, and there’s obviously echoes of Ted Hastings because he’s a cop. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on "But there are so many interesting layers to his personality, so many things in his background, his history, especially with all the different places that he goes to and the different things he has to deal with. "The complications of the guy, I think, was the main thing that attracted me to it." Ridley has suffered the tragic loss of his wife and daughter and he is unable to move past their deaths. He feels culpable for what happened and viewers will be keen to find out how it all came to pass.  Ridley airs on ITV from August 28. Vera is available to watch on the ITV Hub.