Manchester United target Adrien Rabiot is set for imminent talks with Erik ten Hag in order to discuss two potential caveats regarding his proposed move to Old Trafford, according to reports. Rabiot has emerged as a target in midfield for the Red Devils over the last few days, with those in power frantically trying to improve their options in the centre of the pitch before the summer transfer window slams shut. Talks are thought to be at an advanced stage between United and Juventus, with a fee in the region of £15million having been settled on in recent days. Personal terms are yet to be finalised, though, and Ten Hag is now set to hold discussions with the player to lay out the finer details of his contract, according to Giovanni Albanese via GIFN.It is claimed that Rabiot is asking for a hefty bonus in order to sign for United, who are crying out for the addition of an all-out central midfielder over the coming weeks. He is open to the idea of joining the club but is not prepared to pass up on any financial incentives that would sweeten the deal in the knowledge that United's failure to qualify for the Champions League last season may have strengthened his negotiating position.Rabiot also wants to receive guarantees in the tactical project under Ten Hag and is hoping to play a key role for the Red Devils if he eventually joins their ranks in the not-too-distant future. The United boss is set to speak to the midfielder in order to discuss his contract demands if and when the assurances are made, but it remains to be seen whether a move can be engineered or if Rabiot's requirements will ultimately prove a step too far for United. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp 'focused on other deals' as Sarr bid ruled out His agent and mother, Veronique, is said to have been speaking to United bosses as of late in order to find a common ground between the player and his potential new club. He is believed to be a top target for Ten Hag as things stand, with United's pursuit of Barcelona playmaker Frenkie de Jong seemingly dead in the water as a result of his reluctance to make the switch to the Premier League this summer.United have been questioned by many over their interest in Rabiot, though, given the Juventus man's lack of impact in Turin and the off-field drama that seems to follow him wherever he goes. European football expert Kevin Hatchard recently warned Ten Hag that a move for Rabiot could bring more problems than solutions in spite of the club's dire need to strengthen in midfield over the next few weeks. "He can do a bit of everything and it’ll be interesting to see how Erik ten Hag uses him," Hatchard told Sky Sports. "Does he want him in the role that [Scott] McTominay played in against Brighton, pressing the play?"But there is drama attached to him, there’s no doubt about that. He was on the standby list for the 2018 World Cup and refused to be on it for France."He sulked his way out of Paris and left in really acrimonious circumstances. You then have his mother Veronique who provides her own drama." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.