George Russell has claimed he still “feels like a normal person” despite a surge in fame since taking on Lewis Hamilton at Mercedes. The former Williams star said he still tries to “live a normal life” and doesn’t feel famous despite his newfound popularity. Russell switched to Mercedes ahead of the new season after staring at Williams last year. His performances so far this season have been one of the biggest talking points of the campaign. The 24-year-old has finished in the top five of every race he has finished this season, only failing to score points when he crashed out of the British Grand Prix. He has also picked up five podium finishes and still leads Hamilton by 12 points in the drivers’ championship after an excellent start. However, speaking to F1’s Beyond the Grid Podcast, Russell claims he hasn’t changed despite his new success. He explained: “I don't know, I still feel like a normal person. READ MORE: Hamilton savaged in sarcastic comment as Mansell bigs up Russell "If somebody asked me, 'Are you famous?', I'd say, 'Not really, no', but then if I asked somebody else, or if I asked my friends if they thought I was famous, they'd probably say yes. It's unique, and it's different being recognised on the street, and people stopping at restaurants, especially around F1 weekends – it's incredible to see the support. "But, I'm 24 years old, I try and live as normal life as I can, relatively speaking, bearing in mind that the sport I do is incredible and I feel so grateful and privileged to be in this position. You're flying around the world, driving a Formula One car in front of hundreds of thousands of fans. I guess it's pretty spectacular." Russell is still improving as he becomes more confident with his Mercedes package. DON'T MISSHamilton claim shot down as Mercedes told 'compromises don't work' [COMMENT]Toto Wolff wary of growing 'tension' between Hamilton and Russell [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell face long-term back damage [ANALYSIS] The Silver Arrows youngster picked up the team’s first pole position of the season at the Hungarian Grand Prix last time out. He also secured the first back-to-back podium finish of his F1 career before the summer break with third in France and Hungary. He added: “I've had people asking me to sign body parts or weird things, and I've had a few random gifts along the way. There are no standout ones that have been, 'Wow, that's a little bit strange', but it's great, and I really appreciate it.”