Here Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, shares his top tips on how to fix a waterlogged lawn, and how to prevent it in the future. Read on to discover his expert garden insight. Puddles on your lawn and a squelching sound underfoot are the two biggest indicators that your lawn is waterlogged. Thankfully there’s plenty you can do to help it, but first things first try to avoid walking on your lawn as this will cause the soil to compact even more. If your lawn is waterlogged, you must act immediately. Leaving your lawn in damp conditions for any period of time can cause severe problems in your garden, as diseases, such as algae and lichens, thrive in a waterlogged lawn, and moss will begin to appear. All of these issues can be fatal to your lawn’s health, and must be dealt with straight away. READ MORE: 'Simple steps' to save your lawn amid hosepipe ban: 'Extremely important' weeds rule Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Brush it away Before you can begin the process of repairing your lawn, the excess water needs to go. Your best bet is to grab a brush and sweep the excess water away from the affected area. While the rest of the water soaks up in the sun, make sure to keep the foot traffic to a minimum! Spike up your life Spike away! The best and most common solution to a waterlogged lawn is to spike the ground. If you need to walk on your lawn to get to the affected areas, use a board to walk across as this will reduce the likelihood of compacting the soil. Take a fork and create ‘slits’ in the affected areas - this will encourage the ground to soak up the water rather than leaving it on the surface. DON'T MISSWorst mistake Britons make mowing the lawn can kill grass [WARNING] How to look after your lawn on holiday - should you cut before you go? [EXPERT] How to choose the best lawn mower for your grass [INSIGHT] Wetting agent is the secret Get ahead of the game! If you know that you’re expecting a large amount of rainfall, then apply a wetting agent to your lawn. Wetting agents are substances that reduce the surface tension and encourage water to soak into the ground. Applying a wetting agent to your lawn before the rainfall starts will give your lawn the advantage it needs. Aerate, aerate, aerate The more you use your lawn the more the soil gets compacted which makes it easier for your lawn to become flooded if you experience heavy rainfall. Periodically aerating your lawn is also a good way of preventing your lawn from being flooded. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The process of this is simple: firstly choose either a manual or a powered aerator. Manual options include rollers with spikes on, and you can even get a contraption that attaches to your shoes and “spikes” the lawn as you walk. This is a good option as you can kill two birds with one stone by wearing them when you are mowing the lawn. Alternatively, you can hire a powered aerator that can do hollow-tine aeration. Hollow-tine aeration is a process that removes small cores from the soil, opening some space in the soil for oxygen to get down below the surface. Unfortunately, the weather in Britain is very temperamental: one minute it’s a heatwave, the next it’s heavy downpours and thunderstorms. While you can’t always predict the weather, the weather forecast does give you a good indication of what’s to come. Regular lawn maintenance is your best option for preventing a waterlogged lawn, but these simple steps will give you that extra helping hand you need.