But it will take bold and ambitious action to fix, a willingness to go against the grain of consensus, not to mention the powerful Treasury orthodoxy. This is easier said than done, but I trust that Liz Truss will be able to deliver. Liz’s campaign has been rooted in hope and positivity for our country, and she has a plan to put our economy back on track. She knows that cutting taxes now is the only way to boost our growth. Taxes take money away from wealth creation and put it into the government coffers instead. Liz does not believe in taxing people and then just handing it back - she believes in people keeping their money in the first place. She knows that money works much harder for our economy if left in the pockets of working people or re-invested by businesses, creating more jobs and driving innovation. That is why Liz’s plan to reverse the National Insurance rise to let people keep more of the money they earn and reduce the costs of doing business is the right one. It is also the logic behind stopping the scheduled hike to corporation tax. Raising taxes on businesses as costs soar and a recession looms is exactly the opposite of what we should be doing. We can’t achieve our potential without making the most of Brexit. Many of us voted to leave the EU because of the opportunities that it afforded our country - but we have so far not made the progress that we had all hoped for. Without serious progress, our not-in-not-out relationship with Europe will continue and our economy will suffer. Our next Prime Minister must be bold, and we must have confidence in ourselves as an independent country. In government, Liz has grasped every Brexit opportunity available to her - most notably driving through dozens of trade deals with our new-found trading sovereignty. As Prime Minister she will slash EU red tape to unleash our economy and untie billions of pounds of investment for our country. As an independent nation we must keep our best foot forward on the international stage. Our values are under threat across the world and we need someone who is prepared to defend them with confidence. Liz has an excellent record on this from her time in the FCDO, and I know she will continue this as Prime Minister. We need to increase productivity, not regulation; raise growth rates not inflation; and deliver high wages, not high taxes. We need a Prime Minister who has the plan and record to deliver this vision for our economy at home, and stand up to dictators abroad. Liz Truss is the only candidate that can do both.