Although Eamonn recently parted ways with This Morning to work with GB News, the duo have been a couple since 1996 and married since 2010, and live in Surrey with their son. According to reports, their home has six bedrooms and is worth £3.25million. It also boasts two living rooms, a study and a beautiful kitchen. The couple often gives their Instagram followers a sneak peek into their gorgeous home. Gogglebox viewers are also used to seeing their living room on the popular show. Weybridge is a town in the Borough of Elmbridge in Surrey. READ MORE: Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ It is situated around 17 miles southwest of central London, perfect for commuters. It offers a great mix of town living and beautiful countryside. Properties in Weybridge had an overall price of £1,006,694 over the last year, according to Rightmove. The majority of sales in Weybridge during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £413,326. DON'T MISS:Five ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyers renovate two flats in 3 months [VIDEO]How to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat [EXPLAINER] Detached properties sold for an average of £1,919,809, with terraced properties fetching £638,240. Overall, sold prices in town over the last year were 11 percent up on the previous year and 31 percent up on the 2017 peak of £771,333. Weybridge is also home to one of the most exclusive gated estates in the country, St George’s Hall. As well as acting as a haven for the rich and famous, it boasts its own golf course and lawn tennis club. READ MORE: ‘Perfect time’ to weed to avoid ‘mammoth’ job next year The most expensive homes in the area on Rightmove are selling for around £12million at current. The town also has independent as well as chain shops, offering residents a variety of places to shop. With the river on the doorstep, there are several walking routes to take to go as far as Guildford and Godalming. It also has good sized parks, suited to family life. From music legends to sporting royalty, St George’s Hall has been home to several famous faces over the years. This includes Tom Jones, Elton John, Jenson Button and Sue Baker. The most famous house is Kenwood, which belonged to Beatles singer John Lennon. The house includes a swimming complex as well as beautifully landscaped gardens.