Will Smith and his ex-wife Sheree Zampino share a son together and she has admitted to fears that his curent wife Jada Pinkett Smith wouldn't treat him well. Their co-parenting, involving three very different personalities, has at times been volatile - but she now claims Jada loves her stepson. "There were times we have bumped heads and it hasn't been pretty," she revealed. The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Sheree, who is 54, split from 53-year-old Will in 1995 following three years of marriage. They are parents to 29-year-old Trey, while Will and Jada, who tied the knot in 1997, share son Jaden, 24, and daughter Willow, 21. Discussing the trio's co-parenting hurdles as they navigate the world of blended families, she confessed: "You got three different dynamics, three different personalities and different belief systems, different way of doing things." READ NOW: Demi Rose 'back' as she barely conceals ample assets She added during a new interview that the overwhelmingly most important thing was to get along for the sake of their children. "We do what we have to do because again, at the end of the day, it's about the kids," she said. "We have a responsibility to them," she told host David Yontef in a special appearance on the podcast Behind the Velvet Rope. "I learned this from my mother: My heart is always for my child. My child comes first. "He really does. He comes first so it's not about me anymore," she continued. Giving an insight into the trio's thought process, she questioned: "So how do we do this where we honour [the kids] and we put them first and we don't deprive them of any good thing... the relationship they have with each other, the relationship they have with me, the relationship my son has with Jada?" It might come as a surprise, but Sheree has revealed that Jada has formed a close bond with her stepson. DON'T MISS... ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' [LATEST] Line of Duty's Daniel Mays' 'daunting' encounter with Michael Douglas [INSIGHT] Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits resenting his father for huge lie [INTERVIEW] "With Jada, it was like, as long as she treats him well, we're good," she explained. "When you have a mutual respect, it becomes easier." She added of her husband's wife: "She's treated [Trey] well and she's loved him." Sheree admitted that she feels "grateful" for the unlikely bond that the two families have been able to forge. "I'm grateful that we were kind of on the same frequency and the same page," she elaborated. "[That's] probably why we are called to one another in this space." Jada was happy to open up about her parenting techniques, but less keen to discuss Will Smith's Oscars drama earlier this year, when he slapped comedian Chris Rock in the face. The former Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star had believed that Chris was poking fun at Jada's alopecia, which has left her sporting a shaved head. However, the chuckling star made it clear that the scandal wasn't up for discussion, exclaiming: "I'm not talking to you about this!"