Earlier this year Brad Pitt made an exciting appearance in Sandra Bullock's The Lost City. He played an action man who tried to save the day before failing miserably. Now, the actor has released Bullet Train, a comedic action flick that catapults the Mr & Mrs Smith star into tense fistfights once again. But Pitt's last acting role was in 2019's Ad Astra. And there is likely a great reason for this. Pitt acts alongside Aaron Taylor-Johnson in Bullet Train, and the British actor was keen to give some details about the Hollywood royalty. He revealed that Pitt is in a "new chapter of his life". He noted that the actor is keen to bring "light and joy" into the world. Taylor-Johnson said: "[Pitt wants to] be around people who are there to have a good time. You work with many actors and after a while, you start making notes, [such as]: 'I am definitely not working with this person ever again.'" The Kick-Ass star noted Pitt has this same way of thinking. Taylor-Johnson said: " Brad has this list too: the ‘good’ list and the s**t list." It's easy to see why Pitt has a list of people he might want to avoid in Hollywood. The actor was at the centre of a media frenzy in the mid-2010s when he split up with his partner, Jennifer Aniston, and began a relationship with his co-star Angeline Jolie. Since then, he and Jolie have been fuel for the press and indeed paparazzi. But he has also been involved in a high-level feud throughout the years. READ MORE: Bullet Train review: 'forgettable' action scenes Pitt previously revealed he had been "miserable" while working with iconic Mission: Impossible actor Tom Cruise. The duo worked closely together on the 1994 movie Interview with the Vampire. Cruise played The Vampire LeStat while Pitt took on the role of Louis de Pointe du Lac Together, they recreated Anne Rice's lust-filled relationship between the two vampires. But Pitt later revealed Cruise "bugged" him. DON'T MISS...Bullet Train review: 'forgettable' action scenes  [REVIEW]Aaron Taylor Johnson, 32, seen with wife Sam, 55, after Brad Pitt saga [INFO]Brad Pitt near tears as he praises daughter Shiloh after hip op [INSIGHT] Pitt said: "There came a point during filming when I started really resenting him. He's North Pole, I'm South." The star even expressed what really irked him about Cruise. "He's always coming at you with a handshake," he said. "Whereas I may bump into you." He added: "There was this underlying competition that got in the way of any real conversation." Years later, Pitt reportedly called Cruise's movie Valkyrie a "ridiculous movie". While no feud has ever been confirmed, the pair have not worked together since then. Bullet Train is in cinemas now. SOURCE / SOURCE