The road ambles along a route with an altitude of 1,489 feet, and is the district’s highest pass open to traffic. It comes after research of 2,000 desk-based workers found 44 percent would love to find a job that involved being behind the wheel – with 85 percent wishing they could spend less time at their desk. Dan Richards, from self-employment technology specialist, Wise, which commissioned the research, said: “The UK has some of the most spectacular scenery in the whole world – and many lucky self-employed delivery drivers know this better than anyone else. “It’s important everyone enjoys their job, and often the location of work can have a big impact on moods. “This eye-catching video shows the array of views delivery drivers can see in one day alone – all while playing a vital role in the UK’s supply chain, getting parcels to customers.” The findings also revealed that over half (51 percent) admitted they are stuck in a rut when it comes to their work life – with those polled having been in their current role for an average of six years. It emerged three-quarters (75 percent) often look out the window from their desk and wish they were able to work outside. Nearly half (46 percent) think they have a nice view outside their office, but when 28 percent look up from their desk they only see a plain wall – and 27 percent just see their colleagues. The main aspects workers don’t enjoy about their current role include looking at a screen (41 percent), a lack of time spent outdoors (28 percent), and too much admin (22 percent). But 40 percent like the idea of being a delivery driver, and specifically think they’d enjoy being on their own schedule (26 percent). Seeing new places (24 percent), and having their own workspace (19 percent), also featured high on the list. And of those who wouldn’t mind becoming a self-employed delivery driver, 51 percent have even previously looked into getting a job as one. The dream routes would include a coastal scene (24 percent), city centre (17 percent), and scenic hills (16 percent), according to the OnePoll study. It also found the typical adult receives an average of eight deliveries a month – and nearly two-thirds (63 percent) admitted the pandemic gave them a new appreciation for delivery drivers. Dan Richards added: “The research shows how many desk-based workers want to be outdoors, rather than spending all day cooped up inside – which we’re not surprised about at all, especially given the glorious weather we’ve been enjoying for the past few weeks. “Being able to see a lot of the great British outdoors, having your own workspace, and being your own boss are just some of the perks that comes with working as a self-employed delivery driver. “We’d like to encourage Brits in search for more freedom in their working life to consider it as a career.”