There is no shame in allowing a change to Conservative Party rules that would allow Boris to rescind his resignation after party members realise that a very big mistake was made in ousting him. Why should the country have to settle for second best with either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak? Boris Johnson still has the vision and he should be allowed to continue with the policies he started. Should they rename our Prime Minister's residence Shut Downing Street? asks Paul Marston from Walsall, West Midlands. It is beyond belief that during the current crises of soaring fuel and food costs, nobody is at No.10 telling the country what plans the Government has to help thousands of desperate people. Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss continue wandering the country trying to convince us they can solve the problems.And as for Boris Johnson, he is back from delivering more financial handouts to Ukraine with a big smile on his face and the odd promise of better times ahead. Bet he believes in Santa Claus.  As a now long-retired police sergeant, I agree completely with Nick Adderley, the Chief Constable of Northamptonshire, in that all operational police officers should carry a Taser for their own and others' protection, says Christopher Humphreys from Ewloe, Flint. The article states "some experts argue there is no need to issue frontline men and women with the weapons", but I am left wondering just who they are? I suspect they have comfortable jobs where they sit on their backsides all day and have done nothing more dangerous than sharpen their pencils. Leave policing to those who police.  Billions to be spent on helping people? People can help themselves by cancelling TV packages, cancelling the contracts of the family's smartphones, cooking for themselves instead of phoning for food deliveries, putting on a sweater and not having the heating on full in every room, says David Hobson from Birmingham. None of this was around in the 1960s and we coped perfectly well. As for the 1.3 million still without a job despite a labour shortage, get working. They do not know they are born these days. The world does not owe everyone a living.  With the financial difficulties the UK faces, why are the Navy and RNLI bringing the migrants picked up in the English Channel to Britain, says Pete Williams from Hayes, Greater London. The fuel costs involved in returning them to the European mainland must be about the same. To be honest, due to the RNLI's involvement in this stupidity, I have stopped supporting this charity. 