Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly set for showdown talks with Frenkie de Jong as he attempts to get a deal for the Barcelona midfielder over the line. De Jong has spent three years at the Nou Camp but has been heavily linked with a move to the Premier League this summer.  Ten Hag took charge at Old Trafford earlier this year after the Red Devils had suffered a miserable campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his temporary successor Ralf Rangnick. And the Dutchman has been tasked with overseeing a reversal of fortunes following United’s sixth-place Premier League finish last time around. Ten Hag has already brought in reinforcements in the shape of midfielder Christian Eriksen, left-back Tyrell Malacia and centre-back Lisandro Martinez. But he is desperate to get his hands on De Jong, who has starred at the Nou Camp since joining the club from Ajax. De Jong worked under Ten Hag during his days in Holland and helped Ajax reach the Champions League semi-finals in 2019 following an extraordinary run in the competition. And the 25-year-old Netherlands international has been tipped for months to link-up with his former mentor. MUST READ: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint    A move to the north west is yet to materialise, with Chelsea throwing a spanner in the works by entering the fray to sign him. But, as reported in De Telegraaf via Mundo Deportivo, Ten Hag may be set for a face-to-face meeting with De Jong next week. The Red Devils are willing to make Barcelona and De Jong the best offer in order to get their hands on the player but will have to convince him on a sporting level as they are not able to offer him Champions League football this season. United want to make De Jong the axis of their new project - so the ace will have a big decision to make. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends warning over 'foolish' transfers West Ham fail to hijack deal for Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Arsenal boss Arteta sends Aubameyang message over Chelsea rumours     De Jong bought a house in Barcelona earlier this year and has reportedly told his team-mates that he wants to stay where he is. But the Catalan giants appear intent on cashing in on him as they look to balance their books amid their financial woes. United began their new campaign with a 2-1 home defeat against Brighton last weekend. And Ten Hag will be well aware that the addition of De Jong, who has bagged 13 goals and 17 assists in 138 appearances for Barca, could make all the difference this season as he endeavours to lead his side to a top-four Premier League finish. 