The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4 has been revealed today at the August 2022 Samsung Unpacked event, with the new foldable phone boasting a similar design to its predecessor - the Z Flip 3. But first impressions can be misleading, as the Z Flip 4 - which you can pre-order today - boasts a much faster processor, improved camera as well as a smaller hinge and bezels. If you'd rather save money then get these upgrades you can take advantage of some amazing money saving deals running right now on the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3. Affordable Mobiles has a range of eye-catching deals available on the Z Flip 3 from the likes of Three, O2 and Vodafone. That's great news as - at the time of writing - the Galaxy Z Flip 3 is sold out on the Vodafone and Three websites. When the Galaxy Z Flip 3 first launched it came with a price tag of £949 - and a number of deals available at Affordable Mobiles works out cheaper than that when you factor in the total cost of your phone and contract. One of the standout deals is available with an O2 contract - for £30 a month and a £59 upfront payment you'll be able to get a Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 plus 100GB of monthly 5G data, as well as unlimited texts and minutes. Over the course of your 24 month contract this will work out as £779 - which is £170 cheaper the price of the phone SIM-free. Better yet, this price is usually for the 40GB Z Flip 3 contract with O2 - meaning you'll be getting an extra 60GB of monthly data entirely for free. If you'd rather not pay anything upfront, Affordable Mobiles also has Z Flip 3 contracts from Three and Vodafone you can pick up. You can get the Z Flip 3 with 100GB of monthly data at Three for £36 a month with no upfront fee. While Vodafone also has a £36 a month Z Flip 3 contract with no upfront payment but this offers 250GB of monthly data. Just bear in mind that these contracts work out as almost £100 more expensive (over the course of the 24 month contract) than the O2 deal we highlighted earlier. If you want the Z Flip 3 with unlimited data you can also pick up a Three contract which costs £35 a month with a £59.99 upfront payment. This works out in total as £899.99 over the course of the 24 month plan - which is still cheaper in total than the phone's RRP when getting it SIM-free. These money-saving Z Flip3 deals went live ahead of the reveal of the Z Flip 4 today at the latest Samsung Unpacked event. This new foldable phone boasts a very similar design to the Z Flip 3 but offers a number of key improvements. The Z Flip 4 is powered by the Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 processor which is four times faster than its predecessor. While Samsung has also brought some improvements to the rear camera setup, with the South Korean tech giant saying the Z Flip 4 is now capable of shooting much brighter images - even in low light. The Z Flip 4 will also features a smaller hinge and thinner bezels around the display than the Z Flip 3.