But that doesn't matter, apparently, because being really, really bad at the job is the industry standard. In fact, it is rewarded with fat pay packets and multimillion pound bonuses. Ideal candidates must display a reckless disregard for water pollution, a sharklike focus on making money and be the type of wastrel who leaves the tap running when brushing their teeth. Currently a fifth of drinking water - some 2.4 billion litres - is lost through cracked pipes and reservoirs every day. That is the equivalent of around a thousand Olympic-sized swimming pools. You'd think such a colossal waste of precious resources would engender a sense of urgency in those responsible for it, especially as droughts are predicted to become lengthier and more frequent in the UK. But no. Thus far water firms have only promised to halve the loss from leaks by 2050 - by which time England's green and pleasant lands may resemble the scorched, rust-coloured earth of California's Death Valley. Meanwhile, customers will continue to be penalised with hosepipe bans. This week, Thames Water became the latest company to warn its 15 million customers that a ban will be introduced this summer, affecting a third of England's population. Despite the pitiful performance, water companies collectively raked in £2.8billion in profits last year and bosses awarded themselves £27million in bonuses. Instead of being compensated for shoddy service, customers face fines of up to £1,000 for rule breaking. It is a swindle of extraordinary magnitude. But these companies hold a monopoly so we have little choice but to accept the unacceptable. There is no financial incentive to fix leaky pipes and maintain sewage works so they go unchecked, and failures just result in penalties that are cheaper to pay than avoid. For instance, the aforementioned Thames Water was fined £4million last year for allowing 79 million litres of sludge to flood a London park. The disgusting mess took a team of 30 workers nearly a month to clear. In another £4million blunder, raw sewage flowed into an Oxford river for 30 hours killing thousands of fish. It also effectively mothballed a £250million desalination plant built to protect Londoners against droughts, reportedly because of rising energy costs. Yet the firm made £488million in profits last year. Like many others, it is owned by a consortium of overseas investors who have no skin in the game, so why should they care about England's filthy rivers and frazzled gardens? The Environment Agency recently revealed that water pollution in 2021 was the "worst we have seen for years" and called for bosses to be jailed unless they clean up their act. As temperatures climb and water becomes ever more valuable, it is clear that strict regulations urgently need to be introduced, along with ruinously harsh penalties for breaches of legislation. For all the Government talk of "taking back control", minsters have sleepwalked into a situation where England's waterways are being vandalised by companies that prioritise profit for foreign shareholders over providing clean water for paying customers. Whoever our next PM is, let's hope it's gloves off because the country has had enough of this, er, effluent. Britney Spears has brought in the big guns for her comeback single and is teaming up with pop legend Sir Elton John. Their duet, Hold Me Closer, is a new version of Elton's 1971 classic Tiny Dancer and will be her first record in seven years. His recent hit Cold Heart, a collaboration with Dua Lipa, was an upbeat remix of his 1989 song Sacrifice, so fans can likely expect something similar. Britney is slowly getting her life back on track after the 13-year conservatorship overseen by her dad Jamie came to an end last November following a long legal battle. In June she married her long-term partner Sam Asghari, and has spoken of having another child now she is free to do so, though, sadly, she suffered a miscarriage weeks before her wedding. According to ex-husband Kevin Federline, their two teenage sons refuse to see her because they are embarrassed. Poor Brit has been through the wringer. One day I'm sure they will take a kinder view of their mum. David versus Goliath battles are so gleefully gratifying, aren't they? This week served up a belter after global fast fashion giant Zara was KO'd by a plucky boutique owner from Durham. In the red corner, the multi-billion-pound retailer boasting nearly 3,000 high street stores in 96 countries. In the blue corner, small-scale sustainable fashion entrepreneur Amber Kotrri, owner of Darlington's House of Zana. The big firm was seemingly threatened by the three letters they shared in common, so called in a team of heavyweight lawyers to force a name change as they believed customers would find it "confusingly similar". But they picked on the wrong lady. Instead of being intimidated, Amber took them on and won. She explained the word "zana" means fairy in Albania, her husband's country of birth, and that the clothes are handmade there. Any similarity is unintended and completely inconsequential. Fortunately for the mum of three, who faced financial ruin if she lost, the judge agreed. As a result of Zara's corporate paranoia, its precious brand image has taken a battering. The case only exposed the company's bullying tactics and patronising attitude towards customers. On the upside, House of Zana has received a ton of free publicity. Hooray for the underdog. Jeremy Clarkson may have gloated too soon that he found a "cunning little loophole" to open a restaurant at Diddly Squat Farm despite his initial application being rejected by the local council. Instead of building a new one he converted an existing barn and last month opened for business offering a limited menu that definitely does not cater for vegans. Now West Oxford District Council are snooping around to check everything is above board. But Jeremy won't be too bothered, it'll make cracking telly for his Amazon Prime series which is the whole point of the endeavour. A museum is to return a looted collection of artefacts to Nigeria. The Horniman, in south London, announced that the Benin Bronzes, which were stolen in 1897 by British forces, will be handed back to their rightful owners. Priceless 15th and 16th-century bronzes that decorated palaces and altars in the kingdom of Benin were ripped out by marauding troops and later flogged as spoils of war to fund the expedition. Now Nigerian children can learn about their ancestors through the beautiful art they created, and some of the objects may be loaned back to the museum so British people can better understand how our troubled colonial past still resonates today. It seems it is only a matter of time before the British Museum will be forced to hand back the magnificent Parthenon Marbles to Greece. Although they were legally acquired in the early 19th century by Thomas Bruce, Earl of Elgin, the country was then under occupation by the Turkish Ottoman Empire. The 2,500-year-old sculptures have become today's most controversial artworks amid a bitter repatriation dispute. Greece say they were chiselled off the walls, whereas museum officials claim they were saved from rubble around the Parthenon but have hinted at the possibility of a deal. Whatever really happened is ancient history, and the "finders keepers" argument is wearing very thin.