Voting for Boris was the only way Brexit could be achieved and he was certainly dealt a bad hand by the May/Hammond administration which tried to stay as close to the EU as possible and who knowingly left behind Northern Ireland in the Single Market as nothing less than a hostage. This has been an excuse for the Government not diverging tax policy and regulation from the EU, so as not to alienate NI and - it has worked a treat for the re-joiner “fifth column“ by preventing a pursuit of the economic opportunities of Brexit. Similarly, Ministers have avoided confrontation on the NI protocol and on fisheries for fear of upsetting Brussels. In fairness Mr Johnson had to contend with Covid and to his credit is the vaccination programme and his action on Ukraine. He has however ignored the economy and actually worked against growth and prosperity by pursuing a misguided, high cost, virtue signalling approach to Net Zero. Now we have half a chance to see a PM who will pursue the economic growth benefits of Brexit in the shape of Liz Truss. Between the two final candidates in the Conservative leadership race there has emerged a clear difference. Apart from being the political assassin of the PM who got Brexit done, Mr Sunak has presided over an unprecedented money printing spree leading to inflation and the highest tax burden since the Second World War. Rather than stimulating growth to pay for this and to make us all more prosperous, he has chosen to double down on austerity. Only under pressure from the leadership race and from the Independent Business Network (IBN) of family businesses - which I Chair -  has he come up with the “jam tomorrow” promise of tax cuts in the never, never years to come and a sometime deregulation programme. By contrast, Ms Truss has followed the IBN quite closely and has the determination to deliver the promise of Brexit immediately. It is not rocket science that is required, simply: In this race to make post Brexit Britain happy, healthy, wealthy and wise - to make Britain great- it is Liz Truss who has the grit and determination, who has the BreXit Factor and the Conservative Party should make her our next PM It is not rocket science that is required, simply: