 Millions of the oldest pensioners will be terrified to use any gas or electricity as costs continue to rocket. Those on the lowest incomes urgently need support now or they will face misery and destitution.    Incredibly, energy consultancy Auxilione has forecast that energy bills will hit £7,700 from April 2023. War in Ukraine and global energy shortages mean that prices are set to go higher than previously predicted, it says. On Friday, regulator Ofgem announced the energy price cap would increase from £1,971 to £3,549 for the average household, from October 1. If correct, Auxilione’s prediction could see that more than double. Yet currently, the basic State Pension pays just £141.85 a week to those who retired before April 6, 2016. This is worth £7,376.20 a year for those who qualify for the full amount, although some will get additional State Pension on top. Incredibly, that is less than the average predicted energy bill. It will leave precisely nothing for basic everyday costs, such as eating, council tax and water.   Express.co.uk readers are furious as the cost of living spirals to unprecedented levels, with many wondering how they will survive. Reader Pinnermac wrote: “[The] old age pensioner's income will be nil. They would have only one choice, either to eat or starve and heat the place.” The results could be extreme: “Lots of them will end up dying of hypothermia.” Another reader, Sommer, said that pensioners worked all their lives for a decent pension but the UK’s pays the lowest in the developed world. “The old state pension is just over £7,000 you try and live on that.” Auxilione’s price prediction is for next April, at which point the basic State Pension will have increased, based on September's inflation figure. But reader Sommer noted: “A pay rise on just over £7,000 is nothing.” READ MORE: State pensioners' income slashed by £800 amid cost of living crisis  Another reader, Shmuck, said: “We all won't be living but merely existing. [It’s] amazing how all the politicians seemed to have disappeared at this v worrying time.” There was also widespread anger at politicians, with many noting that MPs "enjoy public-funded gold-plated inflation proof pensions”. Reader Virago highlighted the discrepancy between the old State Pension and the new State Pension, with the latter paying £185.15 a week, or £9,627.80 a year. Virago said: “The real issue is having two rates of State Pension. The result is that those who have paid in most get less pension.” Worse, the lower basic State Pension is paid to older people. "[They] are more susceptible to the cold and have higher medical and care costs. Yet they get far less.” Virago said she is 77 and paid income tax for 60 years and National Insurance for 47 years, yet gets less State Pension than someone who has made 35 years of NI contributions to the new State Pension. “This has to stop. We need fair state pensions for everyone.” DON'T MISS:Pensioners can get discount on food shop: How over 60s can get 10% off [GUIDE]Pensioner says she’ll eat soup and a roll as price cap hits [REVEAL]Pensioners to get extra £300 to help with cost of living - when to exp [LATEST]  Express.co.uk Reader TOM the ONE called on politicians to play fair. “How about giving pensioners a cost of living pension [of] £342 per week?” He wasn’t hopeful, though. "They can't do that as it means we will be able to live longer and not die of malnutrition or hypothermia and not drain the Treasury coffers.” Amid widespread anger, some pensioners called their generation to revive the Blitz spirit that saw them through the Second World War and other crises. AntiEU wrote: “We had inflation at 25% in 1975 due to oil crisis and when I bought a house in 1980 it was 18% and we are all still here. What we have now is nothing to panic about.” Yet as energy bills rocket Andy Government seems in paralysis due to the Conservative Party Leadership crisis, panic is growing. 