Actor, model and singer Will Mellor will soon try his hand at dancing in the Strictly ballroom later this year. While he is best known for his talented performances in Hollyoaks, Coronation Street and Two pints of lager and a Packet of Crisps, the doting father of two has a much more relaxing life off-screen. Here’s a look inside his stunning Cheshire home which he shares with his wife and children. When he’s not playing villainous Harvey Gaskell on Hollyoaks, the Bredbury-born star enjoys a more low-key life in his Greater Manchester home. Will Mellor lives in a modern property with his wife Michelle McSween and their two children, Jayden, 18 and Renee, 14. The ITV soap star has stayed true to his Stockport roots, having started a life of his own just a short distance away in Cheshire. While the accomplished TV actor doesn’t share much about his personal time at home, he is partial to sharing the odd glimpse into his home with his Instagram followers. READ MORE: How to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings The Mellor family’s lavish pad is both cosy and classy, with plenty of space to unwind. In a festive snap taken over Christmas, Will showed off his modern yet inviting lounge which featured a deep green painted wall and statement white fireplace. Two luxurious black wall lights lit up the room with glass details hanging from the black lampshades. A spacious, open-plan kitchen has also been featured on Mellor’s Instagram page, with white tiled flooring and gloss-white cabinets spotted in the naturally bright room. In keeping with the neutral colour palette, the family’s second living area features a deep grey wall colour and wooden oak cabinets filled with sweet family photographs.  Will and his wife's garden is stunning too, with a wide stretch of green lawn to enjoy in the warm weather. In fact, it seems this is exactly where Mellor likes to spend his free time while he’s not tied down by on-screen commitments. Back in May, he shared a video with his followers while sat on the green grass in his garden. He said: “Sat in the garden with some tunes on, having a bit of a barbecue in a bit and a firepit later on with the family…doesn’t it make a difference when the sun’s out? It just changes everything doesn’t it.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Will you be watching Strictly Come Dancing this year? [POLL]When does Strictly Come Dancing 2022 start?  [INSIGHT]Will Mellor details heart-breaking reason he signed up to Strictly [LATEST] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Michelle McSween married Will Mellor in 2007, just under a decade after their first encounter. Mellor and his wife met in 1999 while both working as performers in the stage musical "Oh What a Night”. While Will has focused on his soap career in recent years, his wife Michelle is a dancer and actress who is best known for the films De-Lovely and All Star Mr & Mrs. In 2004, the pair welcomed their first son Jayden, followed by their wedding in 2007. Later in 2008, the McSween-Mellor family welcomed a daughter named Renee. Speaking to OK! Magazine, the doting father revealed that his children have very different emotions towards his fame. He said: “Jayden is really laid-back about it all, but Renee gets quite embarrassed! “I picked her up from school the other day and there was a group of kids waving at me frantically. “She got in the car like, 'Drive! Drive! Drive!' She’s great at spotting when people are secretly filming and taking pictures though.” While Will is already busy with his life both on and off-screen, he revealed that he is “chuffed” to be a part of Strictly Come Dancing 2022. He told BBC Breakfast: “My mindset completely changed a while back, and I just thought, I've got to start doing things that frighten me. “I lost my dad in 2020 and from then I just thought, I've just got to grab life. I've got to create new memories.”  