Carol Kirkwood warned the UK will continue to experience further “dry weather” as “high pressure will still be in charge” for the next few days. Referring to northwestern areas of the country, she said few showers are expected to develop, but “not so many for the south and south-east”. As we head into the weekend, she warned “a lot of dry weather” will still be around for most parts of the UK with temperatures ranging between 14C and 25C degrees. Ms Kirkwood forecasted: “In the next few days there won’t be much rain, especially across parts of the south and also central areas, it will be dry for many of us and there will be some scattered showers but no significant rain. “High pressure still very much in charge of the weather and you can see it moving across and any weather fronts are being kept at bay across the north of the country in the next few days. “This is where we will see rain at times and where it will be windy at times as well into the weekend with temperatures starting to rise again later this weekend and into the early part of next week. “We’ve had some heavy rain moving across Northern Ireland and Scotland through the course of the night, but that will clear in the next couple of hours from eastern Scotland and that will take some of the showers across northern England as well. “To the west, we see further showers develop, north and west Scotland with a few getting into Northern Ireland and we will see showers across central areas of the country as we go through the day but for the south and south-east not many showers. “It will feel fresher than it has done, we have lost the humidity and are looking at highs of between 14C and 25C degrees. “If you are heading to the Commonwealth Games, temperates down a couple of degrees on what we had yesterday and temperatures to about 20 but for most it should stay dry. As we head into the evening and overnight, she said: “Still a lot of dry weather around but we do have a weather front, a weak affair coming on across the northwest and will introduce further showers. READ MORE: POLL: Should women's footballers be paid the same as men? “Overnight, temperatures between 8C to 14C degrees which will lead us to a cold start tomorrow so there will be a lot of dry weather tomorrow and fair bit of sunshine. “There will be some showers and we can see them scattered around with temperatures very similar to today, between 12C and 24C degrees.” Referring to the “dry weather” forecast for the UK, Ms Kirkwood also explained “We have had the southern England’s driest July on record and if you think about the records they go back to 1835. “Most of us have had below average rainfall during the month of July and what happened was high pressure built in and effectively blocked the Atlantic influence on our weather so it kept all of the weather fronts out of the north and west. DON'T MISS: Giant tortoise that delayed trains was 'looking for love' [WATCH]Brexit fishing row as France threatens UK with legal action again [LISTEN]Andrew Neil accuses New York Times of 'having it in for' Britain [INSIGHT] “We saw some rain the northern and western areas of the UK, but even in those parts the rainfall amounts were more or less average. “For June and July we’ve had 105.3 millilitres of the rainfall we would expect and 240 millilitres is what we would look out for the whole of the summer months “It’s unlikely we would make average rainfall which probably won’t come as a huge surprise to anyone”. READ NEXT: Brexit: EU 'throws Ireland under bus' in £67m fishing stitch upStarmer attacked for backing Corbyn after horrifying Ukraine remarkFace the facts! Fury erupts as EU throws Dublin under the busBrussels getting ready for 'big conflict' with new PM on Brexit dealPutin now has Zelensky's home in crosshairs