Prince Harry will cover his lifetime in the public eye, including his time in the military, marriage, and fatherhood. The Duke of Sussex said the memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House, will be written "not as the prince" he was, but as the man, he has "become". Royal expert Richard Kay said Harry might "re-adjust" his book. Speaking to True Royalty TV's Royal Beat, Mr Kay said: "The book was completed, we believe, in about January being Harry's part of it, the interviews. "That was really when Harry was at peak rage if you like, with Britain, the Royal Family, siblings. "Since then there has been a measure of rapprochement. "We saw it at the Jubilee. There was a bit on an attempt by Harry to sort of wind it down a bit. READ MORE: 'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims "He may want to re-adjust what he's written. All these things must be going through his mind." Royal expert Angela Levin has predicted that he could discuss family rows or royal security. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms Levin said: "It's washing dirty linen in public and it can be small things. "He's supposed to be getting about £13million. "They want a story and they won't want how lovely everything is because that's not going to work. "I think that it could be a small argument between people that he would blow up or it could be revealing secrets about security. "It could be almost anything. An A-Z of what he's complaining about." She went on to say Harry "has a lot of poison in his blood". Ms Levin continued: "He's now so bitter and resentful that he will say what he really feels and see things that he accepted years ago as now being really dreadful. DON'T MISS Kate and William to show Harry and Meghan who 'the real royals are' [INSIGHT]'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims [ANALYSIS]Princess Charlotte has royal fans gushing as she mimics William [VIDEO] "I think he really wants to show his power over William because he was fed up with being the spare rather than the heir. "I think he’s got a lot of poison in his blood now about what he feels about his background and his family." Royal writer Robert Jobson added: "It’s going to be the up-to-date stuff that’s going to be the explosive stuff, who made who cry in the Meghan and Kate scenario. "I’m sure those things – if they are addressed at all – will cause major problems."