The forecaster said that the UK and much of North West Europe is "dry and parched", warning that conditions are unlikely to improve over the coming days. The Met Office shared satellite images from the European Directorate-General for Defence Industry and Space, which showed Europe looking extremely dry as a result of the hot weather. The UK has seen very low levels of rainfall and extremely high temperatures this year, causing fears of drought this month. Warning of another bout of hot weather, the Met Office said: "The UK and much of NW Europe is dry and parched as shown in this satellite image taken yesterday. "Conditions are not likely to improve much over the coming days with a new #heatwave now underway." Earlier this week, the Met Office issued an Amber warning for "Extreme heat". The warning, which covers much of the southern half of England as well as parts of eastern Wales, will be in force from Thursday until the end of Sunday. It said that there may be impacts to "health, transport and infrastructure". The forecaster continued: "The heat will build through the week, peaking on Friday and Saturday thanks to the influence of high pressure positioned over the UK. "Temperatures are likely to rise into the low-to-mid 30s Celsius for those within the warning area. READ MORE: Oxfordshire village becomes first in UK to run out of water "However, temperatures are not expected to be as extreme as those experienced in July when new national records were set. "Outside the warning area, heatwave criteria are still likely to be met for much of the UK, with temperatures widely into the high 20s Celsius with a chance of a few spots seeing temperatures into the low 30s. "Scotland and Northern Ireland will also see temperatures into the high 20s and could reach official heatwave criteria by Friday." Dan Rudman, Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist, said: "Thanks to persistent high pressure over the UK, temperatures will be rising day-on-day through this week and an Extreme heat warning has been issued. DON'T MISS: UK weather: Extreme heat weather warning issued [REPORT] Check tyres in hot weather - drivers may face '£2,500 fines' [REVEAL] Exactly when violent thunderstorms set to bring flooding for TWO DAYS [INSIGHT] "Temperatures are expected to peak at 35C on Friday and Saturday, or even an isolated 36C on Saturday. "Elsewhere will see temperatures widely into the high 20s and low 30s Celsius. Head of Road Safety at National Highways, Jeremy Philips, advised drivers to plan ahead for their journeys.  He added: "When hot weather is forecast, please remember to take plenty of drinking water with you – enough for you and your passengers. You can visit our website to find out more information about travelling during hot weather.  "We also advise everyone should check their vehicles, such as tyres, coolant and oil levels, before heading out." "Coupled with the high daytime temperatures there will be some warm nights, with temperatures expected not to drop below the low 20s Celsius for some areas in the south." Head of Road Safety at National Highways, Jeremy Philips, advised drivers to plan ahead for their journeys. He added: "When hot weather is forecast, please remember to take plenty of drinking water with you – enough for you and your passengers. You can visit our website to find out more information about travelling during hot weather. "We also advise everyone should check their vehicles, such as tyres, coolant and oil levels, before heading out."