The legend of Frank Sinatra continues to fascinate fans and music lovers from across the generations, as his life is recalled and discussed in books and on screen. As well as his iconic discography, which enshrined his voice into folklore, the New Jersey-born star also had an incredible acting talent. His exploits in front of the camera would see his career hit incredible heights, claiming the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1956's From Here to Eternity. Across his celebrated career, Sinatra would become as talked about for his exploits in front of the camera, as well as off of it, with the star's love life a point of constant discussion during his golden years. But his family revealed that by the end of his life, Sinatra was a much more humble, relaxed man, and even near death maintained his philosophical outlook. Sinatra died in 1998 aged 82 with his wife Barbara by his side at Cedars-Sinai Medical Centre, Los Angeles. The crooner had suffered two heart attacks, and in his latter years had been frequently hospitalised as a result of heart and breathing issues, high blood pressure and bladder cancer. Reports from the time show that he also endured dementia-like symptoms due to medication he was taking. As his life drew to a close, his self-titled website, which was run by the Sinatra family, noted how Barbara was encouraging the Grammy-award winner to fight on as attempts were made to stabilise his condition. In those heartbreaking final moments, the website noted Sinatra became aware his time was up, and simply said to his wife: "I'm losing." According to the 2016 book His Way: The Unauthorised Biography of Frank Sinatra, author Kitty Kelley noted that Barbara suffered the wrath of Sinatra's children as she did not tell them their father was back in hospital until it was too late. JUST IN: Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin wore identical rings to mark friendship His daughter Tina said she felt the "omission was deliberate" and that "Barbara would be the grieving widow alone at her husband's side". When news broke that the man nicknamed Ol' Blues Eyes had died, the lights of New York City's Empire State building turned blue, while the Las Vegas Strip was dimmed in his honour. The casinos even stopped spinning for 60 seconds as a mark of respect for the singer. His funeral was attended by some of the world's biggest stars, including those close to the Sinatra family like fellow singer Tony Bennett, and actor Gregory Peck. DON'T MISS:Frank Sinatra used Mafia links to show kindness to Bond villain star [ANALYSIS]Frank Sinatra 'convinced' Marilyn Monroe was 'murdered' [INSIGHT]Happy Birthday to the man Frank Sinatra called 'the greatest singer' [LATEST] Reports show that Sinatra was buried in a blue business suit, and his grave was adorned with an incredible array of items by his family, such as a bottle of Jack Daniel's, a pack of Camel cigarettes, a Zippo lighter and a roll of dimes, which he used to always carry with him. At his funeral, a medley of his songs were played, with his daughter Nancy, who he famously sang the worldwide smash hit Somethin' Stupid with giving a speech. Among those in attendance was music director Frank Brownstead, who said of the funeral: "Nancy spoke very clearly and strongly about her father. "She read a letter that Frank Sinatra had written her in the Seventies in the middle of all the family's troubles. "The message was keep the faith." The feud between Barbara, Sinatra's fourth wife, and his children was laid bare in the aftermath of the singer's death some 24 years ago. Nancy even sensationally claimed during an interview with Contact Music that she felt Sinatra would still be alive had he not married Barbara. She said: "I honestly believe he would still be alive (if he hadn’t married her). "She was cruel, absolutely cruel. "She did not tell us he was dying, we did not know until after he was dead and we were five minutes from the hospital." Nancy added: "Yet she called his publicist and road manager, who got to the hospital in time. It is unforgivable. "I still have nightmares about not being able to be with him when he died. The people he wanted were not there and that makes me furious. I said to myself that night, ‘I will never speak to her again.’ And I haven’t. Not a word."