The outspoken ex-Brexit Party MEP also claimed the numerous media activities undertaken by the Duke of Sussex and his wife Meghan Markle were proof the pair are “living for publicity”. Ms Widdecombe is Daily Express columnist as well as being the former MP for Maidstone and the Weald, and a former junior minister in a number of departments under ex-Tory PM John Major. Harry’s latest intervention saw him address the United Nations general assembly last month. During the course of his speech, he referenced the decision of the US Supreme court to overturn Roe vs Wade, 1973’s landmark abortion ruling, and also warned of a “global assault of democracy” - even though he cannot actually vote himself. She said: “I've given up commenting on them really. I don't think any member of the Royal Family should ever make a public political comment. “However, their retort would be, ‘Well, we've been stripped of our Royalty’.” Ms Widdecombe pointed out the Sussexes nevertheless retained, and continued to use, their Royal titles, resulting in something of a “cake and eat it” situation. Asked about Harry’s increasing tendency to speak out on matters of public interest since marrying Meghan in 2018, Ms Widdecombe suggested the former Suits actress, who turned 41 yesterday, had had a big influence on the 37-year-old Royal. JUST IN: Meghan Markle biographer makes exciting announcement on book She explained: “I think he is bewitched and besotted. “I hardly ever comment on them in my Express page because they are living for publicity. I don’t give them any publicity.” Relations between the Sussexes and Buckingham Palace have been strained ever since they quit the UK for the United States at the start of 2020, stepping back from their roles as frontline Royals in the process. They have also signed lucrative deals - thought to be worth well over £100million - with Spotify and Netflix which have given them the capital to pursue their new lifestyle and public goals. Meanwhile Harry is preparing to publish a memoir later this year which he has described as “the high and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned … a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful”. Speaking to Express.co.uk last month, Royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti said there was no question the Royals were rattled by the prospect. He said: “The fact is that Prince Harry said it would be revealing and that it would be written by him from quite a personal perspective. “And bearing in mind the difficulties between the Royal Family and Harry and Meghan, since they left the UK, there is plenty to worry about.” Mr Sacerdoti likewise suggested Meghan had shaped the way her husband thought. He said: “She probably has something of an influence on him. “And that may be because in certain respects she might be more canny or intelligent. "But I don't think Prince Harry is anyone's fool in terms of not knowing what's going on here. I think he knows what he's doing.”