In the second episode of Meghan's podcast, she interviewed pop star Mariah Carey. At one point in the interview, Ms Carey jokingly said that Meghan has "diva moments sometimes". Meghan later admitted this comment left her "sweating". Delving into the stereotype of a "diva", Meghan said: "That’s really important for people to remember that there might be this persona, this diva thing we can play into. "It’s not something I connect to but for you, it’s been a huge part." Ms Carey responded: "You give us diva moments sometimes Meghan. Don’t even act like." Meghan replied: "What kind of diva moments do I give you?" Laughing, Ms Carey continued: "Don’t act like you… it’s also the visual." Meghan then responded: "Oh, it’s the look." In a voiceover, Meghan explained her reaction to the remark, saying: "It stopped me in my tracks. When she called me a diva. "You couldn't see me obviously, but I started to sweat a little bit. READ MORE: 'PR catastrophe': Nelson Mandela grandson SLAMS Meghan Markle "I started squirming in my chair in this quiet revolt like 'Wait? What? "No what? How could you? That's not true. Why would you say that? "My mind genuinely was just spinning with what nonsense she must have read or clicked on to make her say that." She added: "I just kept thinking in that moment, was my girl crush coming to a quick demise. Does she actually not see me? DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE] "So she must have felt my nervous laughter and she jumped right in to make sure I was crystal clear when she said diva, she was talking about the way that I dress, the posture, the clothing. "The quote-unquote 'fabulousness', as she sees it. She meant 'diva' as a compliment but I heard it as a dig. "I heard it as the word 'diva', as I think of it, but in that moment as she explained to me, she meant it as 'chic', as 'aspirational' and how one very charged word can mean something different for each of us. "It's mind-blowing to me. It actually made me realise that in these episodes, as I've opened the door for conversation surrounding the archetypes, that try to hold us back, that for some reclaiming the words is what will propel us forward." Meghan's podcast, which released its first episode earlier this month, is part of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's £18 million deal with Spotify, signed in December 2020. The first episode saw Meghan speak with tennis star Serena Williams about motherhood, pregnancy, and the labels which try to limit women's capabilities. Meghan discussed the "stress" she was under during her first pregnancy, as well as explaining how she discovered the negative connotations of the word "ambition" - something she said she only realised after starting her relationship with Prince Harry.