Helen Skelton is set to present a wellbeing segment on ITV's Lorraine alongside Doctor Amir Khan. The announcement comes just weeks after BBC bosses confirmed Helen will compete in this year's series of Strictly Come Dancing which starts on September 17. The new segment on Lorraine is called Me Time and it will be about physical, emotional and mental wellbeing. A source told The Mirror: "Helen is more in demand than ever and ITV were delighted to land her." Opening up about the new role, Helen said it was an appealing offer. Helen added: "I took up golf last year to carve out some me time. Spending time in and among greenery is definitely good for me." READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry  The Countryfile presenter continued: "Fresh air and good views always make me feel better. "I love water too, so a walk by the lake or in the woods is good for me. My boys are the same. If they're happy, I am. "I try to be grateful – and am lucky that work is often enjoyable, so I feel like work is sometimes 'me time'." Helen was left heartbroken when her rugby league player husband ended their eight-year marriage.  The couple have three children, Ernie, seven, Louis, five, and Elsie, seven months. Richie is now in a relationship with Stephanie Thirkill, 32, whose father is the president of the Leeds Rhinos team for which he plays. When announcing her marriage had ended, Helen said: "Very sad to say Richie and I are no longer a couple. We will be doing our best to co-parent." Helen announced she was parting ways with Richie back in April, just four months after their Elsie was born.  DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton, 39, showcases phenomenal physique in cut-out swimsuit [PICTURES]Helen Skelton's ex shares exciting baby announcement with family pic [LATEST]Helen Skelton details 'feeling sick' ahead of Strictly Come Dancing [INSIGHT] Looking ahead to taking part in the 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing, a source explained how the contest could boost her self-confidence. They said: “The breakdown of any marriage is tough to cope with, and Helen has understandably found it difficult. “Being on Strictly will ­undoubtedly restore her confidence,” they added to The Mirror. Helen was revealed as the final contestant on this year's series of Strictly, which sent fans into a frenzy.  Speaking about joining the BBC show, Helen said: “I’m really excited to get stuck into a fun adventure. "My family and friends have always loved the show and can’t wait for me to get started.” Her professional partner for the dancing competition is yet to be announced. Lorraine airs on weekdays at 9am on ITV. 