The “greener” E10 petrol will be introduced across Northern Ireland from November 1, with the Government launching a new campaign to raise awareness. The move will align Northern Ireland with Great Britain, with the Government hoping it will cut carbon emissions across the UK. Drivers across the country will be able to fill up with the greener petrol type when it is rolled out as the new standard grade of petrol. The petrol is blended with up to 10 percent renewable ethanol and will help Northern Ireland to decarbonise transport, as it is greener than existing petrol. Its use across the UK could contribute to cutting transport CO2 emissions in the UK by potentially 750,000 tonnes a year. This is the equivalent to a forest the size of the Isle of Wight capturing carbon every year. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow little-known car key hack The UK Government is launching an information campaign for motorists in Northern Ireland that will see new fuel pump labels as well as targeted digital, radio and social media advertising. Around 95 percent of petrol cars are already compatible with E10 petrol. For those who are unsure about the eligibility of their vehicle, they can check using a new online tool. This will ask for information about the vehicle before checking a database highlighting the car’s compatibility. DON'T MISSUrgent warning issued to drivers amid pavement parking crackdown [WARNING]Drivers warned of huge fines for parking incorrectly at night [SHOCKING]Motorists could save £2,000 per year for driving an electric car [INSIGHT] As well as playing a part in the UK’s ambitions to decarbonise transport and reach its net zero goals, according to industry, the rollout of E10 petrol could support thousands of jobs throughout the supply chain and boost job opportunities across the country. This is something that Vivergo, a British ethanol producer, has already seen, with 100 new jobs since E10’s introduction in Great Britain. It is hoped that this will be a sign of more opportunities to come for British industry. Trudy Harrison, the minister for the decarbonisation of transport, said it would be a “small switch” for drivers, which could have big environmental benefits. The MP for Copeland in Cumbria added: “We’re determined to cut emissions from all our roads and clean up our air, as we accelerate towards a zero-emission transport future. “Although more and more motorists are driving electric vehicles, there are steps we can take to reduce emissions from the millions of vehicles already on our roads. “The small switch to E10 petrol will not only help drivers across the country reduce their environmental impact, but also could create thousands of jobs across the UK.” A small number of older vehicles, including classic cars and some from the early 2000s, will continue to need E5 fuel, which is why supplies of E5 petrol will be maintained in the “super” petrol grade. Motorists are advised to use the E10 compatibility checker to see if their vehicle is compatible. Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Shailesh Vara said: “The Government is committed to supporting the growth of green energy across the UK and the introduction of E10 petrol will help reduce emissions of carbon dioxide on Northern Ireland roads. “The decarbonisation of transport methods has an important part to play in achieving the UK’s net zero goals as well as creating opportunities for growth in our economy.” The introduction of E10 will see renewable ethanol in petrol double, from the current petrol blend E5 containing no more than five percent ethanol. This will further reduce emissions from millions of cars in line with the Government’s climate targets. Gaynor Hartnell, Chief Executive of the Renewable Transport Fuel Association (RTFA), said the move was “very welcome”. He added that most petrol cars on the road are optimised to run on E10. E10 petrol was originally introduced in Great Britain in September last year. Some drivers noted problems with their fuel efficiency when the petrol was first launched. At the time, the Government stated that the switch could result in some drivers seeing their fuel efficiency drop slightly - generally around one percent.