Amazon’s hit comedy-drama The Marvelous Mrs Maisel is expected to return to screens with its eagerly awaited fifth and final season. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk actress Caroline Aaron opened up about her role and paid a heartfelt tribute to her onscreen husband Kevin Pollack.   The Marvelous Mrs Maisel transports viewers to the 1950s to tell the story of the Maisel family through the lens of Miriam ‘Midge’ Maisel (played by Rachel Brosnahan). Midge lived the life many envied, she had a doting husband, was the mother of two children and lived in an elegant apartment on the upper east side of New York. After discovering he had a knack for stand-up comedy, the series followed the effects it took on her family life after she decided to pursue a career in comedy. As Midge battled discrimination and stereotypes in her effort to become a success, she also unexpectedly found herself single, which led her to embrace the role of a modern woman. READ MORE: Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think  As Midge embraced the changes in her life and pushed boundaries in the effort to become respected in the industry, Shirley Maisel (Caroline Aaron) remained rooted in tradition. Shirley was Midge’s ex-mother-in-law, the mother of her ex-husband Joel Maisel (Michael Zegen). Although she was the idealistic mother and wife of the 50s, Shirley was also respected by her family and determined to get Joel remarried. With the upcoming fifth season set to be the final instalment of the drama, the actress reflected on working with her co-stars including her onscreen husband Kevin Pollack who starred as Moishe Maisel.    Caroline shared: “I’m going to miss him so much because he lives in LA so it won’t be like I can see him all the time anymore.” As Kevin is also an acclaimed stand-up comedian, the actress detailed his antics behind the scenes: “He’s cracking jokes all the time and doing impressions, he's really fun.” She reflected: “We were in Milan doing press after the second season and Kevin was doing impressions and making jokes. “There were all these foreign journalists and they looked blank like they didn't get it, then he would try and tell the joke again. DON'T MISS...Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in The Marvelous Mrs Maisel season 4? [INSIGHT]The Marvelous Mrs Maisel to end after five seasons [INSIGHT]   “Then he leaned over to me and said ‘Shall I go for number three?’ and I went ‘Try for it see if they get it this time,’ he’s so fun, he’s really funny.” While Kevin did provide comedy on the show during his portrayal of Moishe, viewers were left on the edge of their seats after it looked as though Moishe would die in hospital. In episode eight, the husband and father was admitted to the hospital, his family followed behind him and they were all convinced he was going to die. Joel blamed himself and revealed Moishe had a heart attack after he told him everything that happened with Mei Lin (Stephanie Hsu).    Joel had been secretly dating medical student Mei who was also expecting his baby, he feared his parents would disapprove of his girlfriend because she wasn’t Jewish. Thankfully the finale revealed Moishe had survived the heart attack and during a conversation with his father Joel was told that Mei’s race didn’t cause the medical emergency. While Moishe expressed he expected Mei to convert, viewers are yet to see how the traditional Shirley would react. Although Amazon announced the renewal of the show, the streaming service has yet to share a release date for season five.  The Marvelous Mrs Maisel season 1- 4 are available on Amazon Prime Videos  