Miranda Holder, a stylist who has worked with the likes of Little Mix and Boy George, posts fashion tips and insights on her TikTok account. The fashion expert created a video to demonstrate Kate’s flattering move that everyone can do to look their best in photographs. Showcasing pictures of the Duchess of Cambridge, Holder tells her fans: “Have you ever wondered why Kate Middleton always looks so stunning in her photographs? Because she does! Every. Single. One.” And she went on to explain: “Well, the Duchess of Cambridge has had some media training and I’m going to share a cheeky little style hack that she uses every single time, without fail. “She has simply been trained to always keep her chin parallel to the ground. She doesn't tilt it down. She doesn't tilt it up. "And that ensures a flattering photograph every single time." Though many of her fans rushed to point out that Kate is nevertheless naturally beautiful and also has professionals looking after her appearance, Holder insisted that this hack can be proven useful to everyone. And so the fashion coach returned with another video to elaborate on the subject. She said: “The beautiful Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge, always looks fantastic in photographs due to a style hack she learned in her media training. “I can tell you from years of working with supermodels and celebrities that you can be the most gorgeous person in the world and still get a horrific photograph. “It really is all about your relationship to the camera and where you place your jaw. “If it's too low it's not good if it's too high, it's definitely not good - we don't want to see your nostrils.” The Duchess of Cambridge has been praised for her style and remarkable appearance on multiple occasions. READ MORE: Meghan Markle biographer makes exciting announcement on book A few years back, she was seen wearing a breathtaking necklace worth £66.3m, which was a wedding gift to Queen Elizabeth II from the Nizam of Hyderabad. Charlotte White, head of design at Europe's largest online diamond jeweller 77 Diamonds spoke to Express.co.uk about Kate’s jewellery choices, including when she wore this necklace. She said: "Kate’s jewellery style choices are largely acknowledged to be impeccable and they have attracted legions of fans. “She has certainly donned some of the most prized, rare and valuable jewels in the world in her time.” But what are Kate’s favourite jewels? DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Queen SNUBS Harry in shock speechPrince Harry's most lavish gifts to birthday girl Meghan MarklePrince Harry receives some very happy news on Meghan's birthday Charlotte continued: “Kate has a definite affinity for natural diamonds. “This was particularly noteworthy in 2014 at The Portrait Gala at London’s National Portrait Gallery." “This is one of the times Kate has worn the Nizam of Hyderabad necklace,” the expert noted. She added: “It is a magnificently opulent creation which saw her positively dripping in diamonds. “Just the pendant section alone, which is detachable, incorporates 13 emerald-cut diamonds.” The necklace is worth so much that experts from jewellerybox reckon it would take the average Londoner 1,718 years of working to be able to afford it. Additional reporting Dorothy Reddin