Claire King has been on the TV for years but Emmerdale viewers noticed she had slimmed down after making a permanent return to the ITV soap in 2019. How did she do it? The actress has previously spoken about her weight loss, revealing her trainer usually puts her on a vegetarian diet plan. She managed to shed 10lb in recent years and has been very open about how she did it. Research has suggested there are several elements to switching to a vegetarian diet plan that can help promote weight loss. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake These include: By choosing high-fibre veggies, such as broccoli, cauliflower, courgette, leafy greens and mushrooms, people will remain fuller for longer and can decrease their calorie intake. Protein improves satiety levels and if people want to shed the pounds they should aim for a daily intake between 1.6g-2.2g of protein per kilogram of body weight. Consume high-protein vegetarian foods such as beans, nuts, seeds, lentils, eggs, dairy products, and soy foods (such as tempeh, tofu, and edamame). DON'T MISS... Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] These fullness-boosting foods include whole grains, starchy vegetables, fruits, and legumes Pair nuts, seeds, and healthy fats with lower-calorie foods to avoid overeating Unprocessed foods like whole fruits and vegetables, don't contain any added ingredients. Healthline experts suggest avoiding meat alternatives, frozen meals and other ultra-processed foods, as they likely host unhealthy additives, extra salt, and added sugar. A balanced vegetarian diet that emphasises whole plant foods and limits refined carbs and highly processed products can help people lose weight. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim While Claire mostly followed a vegetarian diet programme, as a non-vegetarian, the Kim Tate star admitted she was allowed to incorporate some chicken. She also cut out wheat, dairy and red meat six days a week. Claire told The Mirror: "[My trainer] usually devises vegetarian diets. "I pleaded with her to include some meat, so she let me add chicken." According to Healthline, limiting meat could aid weight loss and overall health maintenance. A study conducted over 18 week found that people who cut out meat lost 4.5lb more than people who didn't. The actress also credited her transformation to popular dieting method intermittent fasting, with some publications reporting she followed the 5:2 diet. The weight loss technique sees people limit their intake of food and drink to a set window of around eight hours per day. It involves eating a normal, healthy diet for five days every week and then fasting on 500 calories on the remaining two days.