Marriage episode two is on BBC One tonight and fans have already warmed to Nicola Walker and Sean Bean's characters. The premiere also introduced James Bolam as Gerry, Henry Lloyd-Hughes as Jamie and Chantelle Alle as Jessica. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the second episode. Adam is Jessica's controlling boyfriend in the series and he is played by Jack Holden. Jack is a 32-year-old English actor, writer and producer from Kent and he is known for his roles in Ten Percent and Traitors. He is currently starring in the stage show Cruise at the Apollo Theatre.  Claire is played by Kath Hughes, a Welsh actress, writer and comedian who is known for her role in After Life. She also forms part of the comedy sketch group Gein's Family Giftshop and has worked as an editor on various short films.  Mike is played by Makir Ahmed and he has worked with Nicola Walker before in Unforgotten. He played the role of Aryan in an episode of the 2017 season and has also starred in Father Brown and Casualty. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist Shona McHugh plays Emily in the series and she is known for her roles in Trust Me and Shetland. Fans may also recognise her from The Loch, in which she played Evie Redford.  Helen is played by Jackie Clune, a 56-year-old actress and writer who gained recognition through Edinburgh Fringe. She may also be recognised for her 1995 Karen Carpenter tribute act.  Simone is portrayed by Afsaneh Dehrouyeh, an actress from Gloucestershire who is of Iranian heritage. She played activist Khadija in Freesia, Britain's first film to address Islamophobia. The star also played Mahdiya Kattan in Fox 21's Tyrant. Nigel is played by Colin Mace, a film and TV actor who has previously starred in Call the Midwife. Viewers may also recognise him from Foyles War and the ITV drama The Lost Honour.  Grant Davis plays Alan in the BBC comedy and he is known for Something Like Summer. The actor has also starred in Dam California and Dr Phil amongst other series.  Charlie Greenwood has a guest role in the series and she is relatively new to the world of acting. She starred in the short Marionette and is working on House Hunting, which is in post-production. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos [THEORY] Marriage viewers slam BBC for ‘inaudible’ drama series: 'Dreadful!' [DISCUSSION] Nicola Walker gives rare insight to marriage to Barnaby Kay [INSIGHT] Another guest in the new series is Mitchell Robertson, an actor and writer. Fans may recognise him as Lennox from the series A Very British Scandal.  Robert Heard joins the cast having previously starred in The Royals and Open Plan. His other credits include The Unusual Client and the short titled Will.  Dan Linney has some huge credits to his name as he starred in the hit series, It's A Sin. He has also starred in The Irregulars, A Confession and Cradle to Grave. Shop assistant - Frewyn Thursfield Frewyn Thursfield is new to the world of acting, having graduated from the Theatre Peckham REP Company in 2020. They have taken on a number of stage roles but also starred in an episode of the Netflix hit series, Heartstopper.  Shop assistant - Jo Ben Ayed Joe joins the cast having come from No Man's Land and Final Fantasy XIV: Endwalker. Marriage is made up of four, hour-long episodes which air on Sundays and Mondays on BBC One.   Marriage returns tonight, August 15 on BBC One at 9pm.