Leaving the house without snacks in tow (15 percent), rescuing beloved toys or comforters (15 percent), and losing internet connectivity when watching a child’s favourite show (15 percent), also emerged among the top 10 little “everyday emergencies”. And it emerged that 88 percent of parents turn to tech to help solve these continuous challenges. Vodafone commissioned the research, in recognition of its network being relied upon by the 77 percent of emergency services who have connectivity contracts with the provider. The study also found when solving these everyday problems, 38 percent will use their smartphone for assistance, while a third (32 percent) phone friends or family members. And 28 percent seek advice from a voice-controlled personal assistant, such as Amazon Alexa, or WhatsApp groups with other parents. In fact, mums and dads turn to tech to manage five out of six of these little “everyday emergencies” in a 24-hour-period. And a child turning three years old emerged as the peak time where turning to tech is most common. At this point, parents laud technology solutions such as apps that help them keep in touch with their child’s school or nursery (33 percent), online booking platforms to arrange medical appointments for children (26 percent), and online shopping apps (22 percent). It also emerged keeping children entertained (44 percent), helping out with homework (40 percent), and cooking meals for the family (31 percent), are the moments parents of children any age up to 16 would find most difficult without tech. And 37 percent of those surveyed, via OnePoll, said becoming a parent has shown them how much they need reliable connectivity, whether they’re at home or out and about. While 31 percent said it is much more important to them now than it was before they were a parent. More than nine in ten (91 percent) are also now using tech to help them navigate the cost-of-living crisis – by searching for discounts online (48 percent), and using online loyalty schemes (47 percent) or price comparison apps (38 percent). Vodafone's spokesman said: “From a real-life emergency through to an “everyday emergency” – that most families know are only too common – our network can help families and emergency staff alike feel cool, calm, and connected.” THE 10 MOST COMMON FAMILY “EVERYDAY EMERGENCIES”: