Oleksandr Usyk has revealed he ‘doesn’t accept’ Anthony Joshua’s post-fight comments praising the Ukrainian after his win. Usyk defeated the Brit in their anticipated world heavyweight title rematch, which took place on Saturday night. Joshua was soundly defeated by Usyk at the Jeddah Super Dome in Saudi Arabia, with the Ukrainian retaining his WBA (Super), WBO, IBO and IBF world titles in front of 30,000 fans. He also took home the Ring Magazine title after it was vacated by Tyson Fury following his retirement. In a clash billed as the Rage on the Red Sea, Joshua showed aggressiveness but could not match the strategic wiliness of Usyk, who is unbeaten in his 20 professional contests. Two judges scored the fight 115-113 and 116-112 to Usyk, while the third gave it to Joshua 115-113. Joshua got off to a good start as he began the bout with intent but Usyk’s tactics were brilliant and thwarted the Brit. After the fight, Joshua picked up two of Usyk's belts, dropped them out of the ring and strode towards the dressing room before returning to the ring to give an erratic speech. READ MORE: Tyson Fury mocks Anthony Joshua ring speech to rub salt into wounds With a microphone in hand, Joshua produced an expletive-filled speech in which he reflected on the fight and his failures as a boxer. He covered several topics, from teenage troubles to the war in Ukraine and praising his opponent. In a series of tweets on Sunday, Joshua wished Usyk ‘continued success’ in his ‘quest for greatness’. Usyk showcased his humility by essentially rejecting his rival’s praise. “I don’t accept it into my heart because I want to stay a humble person,” the 35-year-old said of Joshua praising him. “I don’t want my pride to grow. DON'T MISSAnthony Joshua's Oleksandr Usyk loss named 'best AJ performance ever'Fury makes heartbreaking plea over knife crime after cousin is killedFury makes yet another retirement U-turn to challenge Usyk “The one who brings himself up, the world will make him come down. The one who stays down, the world will bring him up.” Usyk is set to be in line for a blockbuster fight against Tyson Fury after the Gypsy King appeared to confirm he was ‘un-retiring’ to attempt to unify the heavyweight division. The Brit is now likely to hold onto the WBC belt after he relinquished the Ring Magazine title.