British golf star Andrew 'Beef' Johnston has hinted could join the LIV series if he were to receive an offer. The 33-year-old, who is currently out of action with a thumb injury, understands why some of his colleagues would defect to the controversial breakaway series.  The 2016 Open de España champion admitted he would consider a lucrative offer from the series if it came his way, but the priority of playing in majors and hopefully Ryder Cups still remains. The golfer, whose injury has forced him out of the entire season so far, told the Strikers and Radar Podcast: “From my perspective, I've got an injury now and I've been out for a year. If you get offered £10m, how do you turn that down? "I would have to seriously think about it because that changes my life and sets me up for the future. It comes down to your values and why you're playing golf. You'd have to seriously consider it [but] I'm not saying I would go." LIV has divided the sport in an unprecedented manner and has left players considering their future after the PGA banned those who compete on the Saudi-backed circuit. This is something Johnson has given much thought to, especially given the financial advantages of LIV and the prestige of winning on the PGA Tour. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson at war with the PGA as lawsuit hints he tried to recruit others to LIV Golf  He continued: "In other words, how would you feel if someone came along and offered you X amount to do the same job. You'd have to consider it, right? Financially it's great, but that's the only reason you're going. "When it comes down to your values and why you play golf, that's where it gets very difficult for someone like me, because you go, 'Hang on, I'll never play another major again'. If you can't play the majors and the big tournaments with all the history, people are going to miss that. That's another question that goes through your head. "The experiences that I've had at some of the majors have been amazing. When you go and tee up at The Open or in the US, they are incredible and are memories that last forever. If I'm fit and healthy for the next 10 years, I'd be playing majors, Ryder Cups hopefully, because you cannot buy that experience." Expanding on his left thumb injury, Johnston said he has yet to discover the full extent of his problem despite not playing for the entire year. "It's frustrating because I was really looking forward to this season, so to find out I'm probably not going to play this year has been pretty insane,” he said. “It did put me in quite a dark place for a bit. I've seen two specialists. No one seems to know exactly what it is, which is probably the worst thing about it. I'm basically trying to find a diagnosis to get back on the course." 