62-year-old Sonia Lawrence lives by herself in Wandsworth, South London. Sonia recently broke down in tears as she spoke of her fears for the winter, saying how she only eats a proper meal when she visits an Age UK day centre on Wednesdays. Throughout the rest of the week, she skips meals and eats simple food such as bread. Speaking to MyLondon, Sonia shared: "I'm just scared. Sometimes I don't eat, I eat a meal here. Because I'm scared I want to make sure I've got a roof over my head, I pay the rent, first priority." Revealing how she's tried to cut back on her expenses due to the rising cost of essentials, Sonia said: "I just buy bread, I can buy brown bread, I'll have toast. I can't afford cheese though, that has gone up. I just buy milk and have a hot drink." In a further attempt to cut costs Sonia added that sometimes she just turns the hot tap on to make a coffee rather than boil the kettle. Sonia, who is retired for health reasons and on a fixed benefit income is scared about the rising cost of energy as her home is all electric. She said: "I don't even know how I'm going to manage, my place is all electric. I'm really scared. My place is all electric, no gas. If I can't pay what's going to happen? What would happen to me." She added: "Summertime it's hot like this you're alright, what happens when winter comes?" Sonia is already making changes to her daily life and going without in a bid to cut costs. The rising cost of essentials coupled with the rising cost of the energy needed to cook food means Sonia is skipping meals and not eating properly, which is impacting her health.  She said: "Sometimes I'm making myself ill because I'm not eating properly. I won't eat anything this evening. If I put on the cooker it's all-electric. If the electricity goes, what are we going to do? You see it, all the money I put on, as soon as I boil the kettle you can see it going." To avoid having to use the energy in her home Sonia said she will likely have to find somewhere else she can spend the days. She said: "I probably have to go somewhere where they got electric and just sit there because what am I going to do, I can't afford, I'm just about buying... milk has gone up....everything. I am budgeting, budgeting, budgeting, budgeting." While Sonia has the support of the staff at Age UK Wandsworth she revealed that she's never wanted to admit just how much she's struggling as she doesn't want to "be a burden". She broke down in tears as she said: "I am so seriously scared. I can't cook something. I don't have it. So I just go without. I find it hard but I don't tell anyone I just suffer. I'm so scared, I put on a jolly face but deep down inside, it's hard. "I get money and then it's not there, so I suffer. I'm scared to tell anyone. It's hard, it's really hard. If I buy soap to wash clothes, that's gone up. Everything has gone up. Sometimes my fridge is so bare. I just can't afford it. So I'd rather not eat."  Sonia faced further stresses recently when she was targeted with 'scam' emails demanding money that she didn't have. She revealed that while she was sure she didn't owe anything, she was so scared that she was afraid to open the door. She had first received one of the letters claiming to be demanding owed money to her phone company in May and had ignored it, but then received another. She said: "I was a bit scared because I know I don't owe anything. I was getting panicked, worried sleepless nights. It's playing on my depression because all night I'm worried about [it]. "At one point I didn't even want to open the door. Workmen came and I thought they looked like bailiffs through my spy hole so I didn't open my door. That just made me so scared. Cause I was thinking do I pay that money, but I don't owe them any money so are they going to come into my door and take my stuff out that's what I was scared of." When she received another letter she showed it to the staff at Age UK, and they were able to help her contact the phone company who clarified that she did not owe any money. Once she had contacted via their live chat service, it put her "at ease".   The fake demands for money worsened Sonia's financial fears and made her unwell with worry. She said: "It made me so scared, I don't eat, I was getting myself ill a lot because I was so frightened if I was going to get more of this letter, if they're going to come to the door." It was lucky for Sonia that she didn't send any money to those claiming to be from her phone company, but she said: "I just didn't have that amount to send."  