In an exciting move by the producers of Channel 4 favourite Gogglebox, there will soon be a special spin-off show dedicated to the Welsh language. The new edition will be titled Gogglebocs Cymru and calls for people in Wales to react to the week's biggest TV shows and join the adored cast. Welsh fans of Gogglebox who only speak in their country's native tongue, have received some exciting news. A studio connected to Channel 4 in Wales has decided to produce a series dedicated to Welsh-speaking people. The new version of the BAFTA-winning show will be made by Studio Lambert for Welsh channel S4C. Every week, families will talk about and entertain viewers with their responses to local programmes from their various couches. But, they will also include shows from around the globe too, according to WalesOnline. Read More: Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Art Deco ring's 'ridiculous' value One of the bosses of S4C was delighted with the decision made by Channel 4. Llinos Griffin-Williams declared: "I am thrilled that Channel 4 has, for the first time, made an exception with one of their most valued formats by agreeing to release exclusivity of Gogglebox in the UK to S4C." S4C has its content shared on the BBC's platform, so the opportunity to connect with another station was valued in the exciting moment for Welsh TV. He proudly announced: "As two public service broadcasters, with a close and collaborative working relationship, we are delighted to be entrusted with such an important brand." The new series will land on S4C in the Autumn. All of the families will be fresh additions to the Gogglebox family. Currently, there are no announcements on who will take the cherished role of Craig Cash. His soft tones replaced the much-missed Caroline Aherne's similarly comforting narration. DON'T MISS: Gogglebox’s Georgia Bell hits back at mum-shamers over baby's safety [ARTICLE] Gogglebox sparks backlash as fans fume over best bits special [INSIGHT] Rylan Clark slams trolls saying he's 'horrible' to mum Linda [ARTICLE] Recently, there has been yet more good news for Welsh Gogglebox fans. Veterans of the show, Dave and Shirley from Caerphilly in South Wales, revealed they will return for the next instalment of the unique reality show. In an Instagram post to their impressive number of 163,000 followers, they shared the good news. Captioning a sweet snap of them poolside, they revealed: "Happy holidays, see you all in September #Gogglebox."  In recent weeks, Celebrity Gogglebox has been a hit for viewers missing their fix of people watching TV, while on TV. But, for fans missing some of the original characters and their entertaining mannerisms, the wait for the 25th series is not far away. As Dave and Shirley explained, the new series will begin on Channel 4 in September. Gogglebox is available to stream on All4 now.