Manchester United could be about to replace one inconsistent midfielder with another this summer as negotiations ramp up for Juventus star Adrien Rabiot just weeks after letting go of Paul Pogba. Rabiot worked under current Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel while at Paris Saint-Germain earlier in his career, where the German was occasionally forced to answer questions about his hot and cold performances. Bringing Pogba back to Old Trafford was a costly experiment that didn't work out. United shelled out what was, in 2016, a world record £89million fee for the midfielder, who had been a marvel at Juventus in the seasons prior. While Red Devils fans did get to see him at his rampant best in flashes, those kind of performances were few and far between. Supporters also had salt rubbed into their wounds when witnessing Pogba reach another level when pulling on the French international jersey as he played a pivotal role in their 2018 World Cup win. His return to United, where he spent three years as a youngster, turned into a nightmare during his final few seasons as he bagged just five Premier League goals between 2019 and 2022 before re-signing for Juventus on a free transfer. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong agents make Chelsea view 'clear' as Joan Laporta vetoed in transfer talks Erik ten Hag is sure to value consistency off the back of Pogba's frustrating spell, which is perhaps why he put Frenkie de Jong at the top of his midfield wish list this summer. But complications in his switch from Barcelona have left United pursuing other targets and Rabiot quickly shot to the top of the pile. A £15m fee was promptly agreed with Juventus before talks progressed to personal terms, which have proven tricky thus far. The developments have sparked a mixed reaction from fans, many of whom feel he may not be the right fit for the radical transformation that was touted at the start of the summer. DON'T MISS...Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Yeremy Pino after promising £34m bidArsenal proven right over their own Fernando Torres as free transfer saga showsTottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo move Tuchel was aware of his weak points while in charge at PSG back in 2018 and had to address his decision to axe Rabiot from the starting line-up. "In my opinion, Adrien lost some confidence and his place because also Julian Draxler took his chance. The team played well, we won," he said. "It is difficult and that's why every game is important. Every player needs to perform at every game, every training session. They need to show that they are ready to win." United may feel the pressure to recruit another midfielder alongside Rabiot before the window slams shut, with prospects of signing De Jong not totally dead and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic earmarked as an alternative target. Ten Hag's need for a steady presence in midfield was highlighted last weekend against Brighton. An open game saw United get joy at the start, but the Seagulls eventually got a foothold and were able to create plenty of chances as the likes of Leandro Trossard and Danny Welbeck ran riot. Pascal Gross' brace before half-time set Graham Potter's side on their way to a first-ever victory at Old Trafford, consigning Ten Hag to the worst possible start. Scott McTominay and Fred started in midfield with many fans calling for that part of the squad to be improved.