Arsenal hero Gabriel Jesus has rebuffed any suggestion he was "unhappy at Manchester City" after getting his Emirates career up and running on his home debut against Leicester. Jesus was a regular in Pep Guardiola's squad at the Etihad, although the City boss often chopped and changed his starting line-up in the attacking positions. Jesus still boasted an impressive record in front of goals last season, finding the net 13 times as well as providing 12 assists. But it became clear at the end of last season that he wanted to move to a club to become a regular starter with Arsenal showing the most interest. Both Manchester United and Chelsea were also linked, but Arsenal won the race for his signature. Jesus made an immediate impact during pre-season with many tipping him to hit the ground running at his new club. He showed glimpses of his full potential in Arteta's Arsenal side against Crystal Palace last week. The game against Leicester was Arsenal fans' first opportunity to see Jesus up close and personal at their home ground.  And he didn't disappoint with the forward scoring two quickfire goals midway through the opening half. He also provided the assists for both Granit Xhaka and Gabriel Martinelli as Arsenal ran out 4-2 winners against Leicester. It proved to be a dream home debut for the 25-year-old, who touched on his former club after the match. "I am so happy because we played so good against a tough opponent," Jesus said. "I work all day every day to score goals. I was not unhappy at Manchester City, I just wanted to play and the club understood."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.