Nationwide is attempting to protect its customers and Britons at large from being targeted by scams. A few years ago, the building society shared the story of Walter, who was devastated when his wife passed away at the tender age of 57. The couple had been together since school, and Walter was finding it difficult without his constant companion. Walter said: “I just felt empty and useless without her. But she’d always said she wanted me to meet someone else and start again. “But how do you meet new people at my age? Apparently, it all happens online now.” Prompted by his wife’s final wish, Walter decided he would join a dating website in the hopes of striking a connection with someone new. READ MORE: Triple lock warning as rises under ‘perennial threat’ - ‘huge price!' There, he met a woman supposedly called “Anna”, who claimed to live in Bolton. The person Walter was speaking to told him while she currently lived in the UK, the rest of her family was living abroad. Soon enough, they struck up a bond, speaking regularly online through the dating website. Walter continued: “It was all very above board. But then one day she wrote she really liked me. DON'T MISS‘Most hated!’ Inheritance tax reform back on table as ‘leg work’ done [INSIGHT]How your pension could help you slash inheritance tax to zero [EXCLUSIVE]Widow, 72, boosts income by £158 per week - check your eligibility [ANALYSIS] “She wanted to hear my voice and have a real conversation with me. So I gave her my number. “She phoned me, and we talked and laughed and I really thought she was the one. She said we were like a couple of lovebirds.” However, one day, Anna called Walter in a panic, stating her mother was ill and that she needed to pay for medical bills upfront. But she claimed she needed Walter’s temporary help to cover the costs, and that he would be reimbursed at a later date. READ MORE: Smart meters: Can your energy supplier cut you off remotely? He continued: “Then, things became more serious with a life-saving operation for which she needed more money. “There was medication and a wheelchair - it was all adding up. Then, my savings ran out, and I never heard from her again.” Sadly, Walter had fallen victim to what is commonly known as a romance scam, where genuine dating apps can be exploited by scammers. Nationwide explained: “Over time, scammers build online relationships based on trust and do what they can to make people think this is the real thing. “Eventually, they start asking for money. And they use emotional manipulation and exploitation to lure people in. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “They claim the money is for anything from medical fees for a sick parent, or travel money to come visit you. These are lies. They are not who they say they are.” Once the money has been sent, it is unlikely it will be able to be recovered, as the scammers make off with a victim’s hard-earned cash. Nationwide urges those who have already sent money to reach out to the building society for help straight away. To keep one’s money safe, Britons should always be wary when using these kind of apps. Conversations should be kept on trustworthy apps and websites, as scammers often try to take interactions outside of these so they cannot be tracked. Researching a person one has met online is also a sensible move, as it helps people to confirm whether an individual is who they say they are. Finally, Nationwide suggest running interactions by friends and family one trusts, as they may spot something suspicious.