Manchester United have been urged to pursue Roma star Tammy Abraham to solve their striker dilemma. Chelsea have an option to re-sign Abraham next year but Simon Jordan says the Red Devils should attempt to sign the England man now. United are in the market for a striker. They made an offer for Marko Arnautovic over the weekend but have now pulled out of a deal for the Bologna star following backlash from supporters. But while Cristiano Ronaldo's future remains up in the air, Erik ten Hag will continue to look for alternative options in the market. Abraham joined Roma from Chelsea last summer in a deal worth £34million. He scored 27 goals in all competitions in his debut campaign under Jose Mourinho in Italy. Chelsea have the option to sign Abraham back for £67m in 12 months' time. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd contact 'technical' winger, De Jong phone call, Spurs bid  Chelsea are looking for a striker themselves, following the departure of Romelu Lukaku and impending exit of Timo Werner. But ex-Crystal Palace chairman Jordan believes United should be looking at Abraham and claims it is their job to sign top players and improve them. Jordan told talkSPORT: "Both of these sides need a centre-forward. Tammy Abraham scored 17, 18 goals last year, I'm not sure why he's not in the conversation for Manchester United or Chelsea, or sides that clearly have a need for a certain type of player. "I don't think Raheem Sterling isn't going to be the answer for Chelsea from a focal point. The conversation starts from a transfer policy. "These clubs, what is happening with Man City, is they're buying the best players and making them better with the coach that they've got. And that's United's job." DON'T MISS:Man Utd backed to beat Chelsea to signing after Arnautovic U-turnMan Utd boss Ten Hag ‘picks player to be dropped’ once Rabiot sealedMan Utd abruptly cancel Arnautovic bid as Richard Arnold emailed 'directly'  Abraham led Roma to Europa Conference League glory last season. And speaking last month, he insisted he is happy to stay where he is for the time being. The 24-year-old told Corriere dello Sport: “The first day I arrived at Roma I felt at home. I'm in no hurry to return to the Premier League because here I can express my way of playing. In Italy I feel happy in every respect. “Believe me, I don't think about the future, but about the present. I focus exclusively on the season that is about to begin, because I want it to be even more rewarding than the first I experienced in Italy.” Asked if he regrets leaving Chelsea, he added: “Never, not even for a second. Choosing Roma was one of the best decisions I've made in my life.” 