Harrison Ford, 80, looks youthful and fit as pictures of the actor show him exercising and keeping active in California this year. The actor is often seen attending a tennis club in the Brentwood neighbourhood of Los Angeles. But what are his top tips to look younger? Harrison Ford has said in the past that his eating habits have contributed to feeling good and healthy at age 80. The star shared some of his recent lifestyle and diet changes during a recent interview with presenter Ellen Degeneres. Harrison Ford revealed he cut out meat and dairy. Degeneres said to the actor: "You look good. You look really good." READ MORE: Kate is like 'no other royal woman'  Ford replied saying: "Well thank you. What did I look like before?" When he was asked about his lifestyle routines to look younger and stay fit, the actor explained: "[I'm doing] practically nothing. "I eat vegetables and fish. "It's really boring. "I just decided I was tired of eating meat…and I know it's not really good for the planet… and it's not really good for me." However, according to Bantonframeworks, the glasses you wear "can also make you look younger". It is believed Harrison Ford wears glasses and he has been photographed donning round specs, which make a "grey-haired man" look younger. Experts at Bantonframeworks explained: "For grey-haired men, blue-rimmed glasses frames are a fantastic choice. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "Colourful, exuberant and stylish, these are a perfect example of men's glasses that make you appear younger. "Hardware such as the metal hinges and rivets of your glasses can harmonise with your wristwatch and accessories. "If you're looking for an alternative glasses style, round blue acetate glasses is a good way to inject this easily worn colour." The experts explained blue glasses also make you look younger and it's a flattering colour and very easy to combine. American presenter Ellen Degeneres also asked Harrison Ford if he "worked out like crazy". The actor replied: "No, I don't work out like crazy. I work out a bit. "I mean, I ride bikes and I play tennis," he explained. Following a balanced diet and exercising regularly helps stay fit and look healthy.