She will issue the invitation after the result is published on September 5 but will wait to see if the winner has time in their busy schedule to join her with their spouse. The 96-year-old monarch and her advisers are taking nothing for granted over whether her invitation will be accepted, although it is customary for the Prime Minister to travel up to the Highlands at some point in September to spend a relaxing weekend enjoying a picnic and other social events with the Queen.  Aides cannot plan it until they know whether the invitation will be extended to hot favourite Liz Truss and her husband, accountant Hugh O’Leary, or to Rishi Sunak and his wife, millionaire fashion designer Akshata Murty. There is no fixed weekend in the Queen’s schedule when the PM travels up each year, although it is usually in early or mid-September. “Late July and August are normally reserved for the family,” one source said. Before that, the Queen is expected to return briefly down south to host audiences with her outgoing Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and his successor. Those audiences are likely to be at Buckingham Palace rather than Windsor Castle, although no final decision on the venue for the meetings has been taken yet. She is then expected to fly back to the Highlands. The Queen, who flew to Aberdeen for her annual break in the Highlands on July 21, moved into the castle on Tuesday after spending almost three weeks at Craigowan Lodge, a seven-bedroom house on the 50,000 acre Balmoral estate. She normally stays there while tourists are still visiting the castle and then while the big house is being cleaned up for her after closing to the public. She flew to Aberdeen on July 21.  In a break with tradition when she did move into the castle, there was no public ceremony at the gates to mark the beginning of her official residence there. Instead the small military ceremony was held out of sight of the cameras inside the castle for her “comfort”. The Queen, who has cut back on public appearances because of episodic mobility problems, did attend events, including the Ceremony of the Keys, in front of the cameras at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh earlier this summer. But friends have played down suggestions that her decision to stay out of public view signalled a worsening of her health. They insisted that, while the Ceremony of the Keys at Holyroodhouse was a formal part of her role as head of state, the ceremony at Balmoral was always a much less formal tradition and one she felt was not a priority. 