TV favourites Dick Strawbridge, 62, and Angel Adoree, 44, have confirmed an exciting new venture that will see the couple and their children, Arthur, nine, and Dorothy, eight, leave the country next year. As part of their Dare To Do It tour, the Strawbridges are packing up and heading to Australia and New Zealand to share all their DIY tips and tricks. The couple confirmed the news in an excitable Instagram post shared on Tuesday.They wrote: “BIG NEWS from the Strawbridges!! Exciting Family Announcement!“We are coming to Australia and New Zealand with our ‘Dare to Do It’ Tour!“In February 2023 all four of us will be leaving The Chateau on a 'jet plane' with Grandma and Papi and coming to see you! READ MORE:Countryfile fans shocked by ‘pure filth’ during Hamza Yassin's segment “Australia and New Zealand were the first overseas countries to adopt 'Escape to the Chateau' and follow our adventures, which we really appreciate!! “We cannot wait to come and say hello in person, thank you for the love, have a giggle, and maybe even a drink!” (sic) Continuing their announcement, the couple said it is “an honour” to be able to travel across the world to visit their global fans.Giving an insight into how their children are feeling about travelling Down Under, the couple confirmed they are “crazily excited”. They continued: “It’s in our chats every day, and Dorothy has already started planning outfits - for everyone!”They also revealed that some special fans will be able to secure tickets before anyone else and even get their pick of the best seats in the house.Dick and Angel said: “For one week only, until the 22nd August, everyone that we are 'in contact' with can purchase tickets on pre-sale.  “That means you get the first choice of seats before they are offered to everyone else.” DON'T MISSHeidi Klum, 49, says she still loves taking her clothes off[INSIGHT]'Feeling naughty' Demi Rose bares all in eye-popping Mykonos snaps[PICTURES]Alex Scott breaks down as she fears 'there is no going back'[NEWS] Many of The Chateau’s 241,000 followers rushed to the comments to share their excitement. Australian Showbiz reporter Justin Hill exclaimed: “This has made my day! You’re coming to my home town!”Rose echoed: “So amazing, we absolutely love watching Escape to the Chateau. We will be def getting tickets! How exciting! Lots of love from Australia.”Christine gushed: “Yay just bought my tickets for Sydney can't wait my absolute favourite show ever...Cannot wait.” And Michelle shrieked: “I am soo excited! I can’t believe I managed to get tickets for Melbourne!”The beloved couple will be in Australia from February 12, starting in Perth before heading to Brisbane, Sydney and Adelaide.The family will then travel to Auckland, New Zealand on February 26, and visit Wellington before returning to Australia to speak at Hobart, Melbourne and Canberra.The leg is set to finish on March 9. The couple have not yet confirmed whether they will add more dates in the UK.