Whether it's your bathroom mirror or the windows of your home, over time glass surfaces can end up covered by streaks and smudges. Though there are a number of chemical cleaning products on the market which boast brilliant results, according to Reddit users, the answer to "spotless" surfaces could be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. Posting to a Reddit forum, a troubled user named SortedGirlBoss begged others to share their "best hack to clean glass and mirrors". The user lamented the fact they have tried "sprays made for cleaning glass and liquid dish wash followed by wiping with clean towel or old t-shirt but nothing helps much."[SIC] However, other users were quick to share a solution which requires no chemicals at all. A user posting under the name MandaPanda8998, said: "I use vinegar and then a polishing cloth meant for glass and mirrors. READ MORE: Property: Budget hacks to replicate ‘luxurious aesthetic’ in your home "Leaves them absolutely spotless and streak-free." Others recommend starting with water and soap, before finishing the clean with vinegar and a non-lint cloth "to shine". For best results, MandaPanda8998 recommended using white vinegar specifically. One of the great things about vinegar is that it is a non-toxic, eco-friendly cleaning agent, so it is perfect for those cutting down on chemical products. Vinegar is an antibacterial substance, so it can safely and economically kill germs on the surface. Experts from Great Day Improvements explained: "The acidic composition of vinegar acts quickly to break down the kind of film that frequently accumulates on glass surfaces. "When you wash a window using a solution that contains vinegar, the results will almost always be free from streaks and sparkling clean." There are a few ways you can tackle glass surfaces using vinegar. DON'T MISSHow to stop house flies invading your home using 70p common spice [INSIGHT]UK house prices fall for the first time in 13 months [REPORT]House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ [COMMENT] The first involves mixing one part hot water with one part distilled vinegar. Next, moisten the window using the solution and wipe clean. Using a squeegee can help reduce the risk of streaks. Simply dampen the squeegee first and clean from the top down, wiping the edge of the squeegee after every stroke. Rinse and dry the window frames immediately to avoid any damage. Alternatively, you can make a solution of half distilled white vinegar and half tap water in a spray bottle. If you have extremely grimy glass, prewash it with very soapy water, then spritz all over with vinegar. Finally, wipe your window clean using a microfibre cloth to ensure all smudges are gone. For particularly stubborn streaks or spots, try rubbing hard with a cloth dipped in undiluted vinegar.