Chelsea have reportedly opened fresh talks to sign AC Milan star Rafael Leao, who they view as an alternative to Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Blues supposedly harbour concerns about the former Arsenal frontman and have now, at least in part, turned their attention towards Leao after an audacious swoop for Neymar was stopped in its tracks. Todd Boehly has been hugely active in the summer transfer market after taking control of Chelsea from Roman Abramovich. The Russian former owner was famed for his relentless spending and Boehly evidently wants to continue much the same, having splashed out almost £250million with other targets still in the crosshairs. Aubameyang was believed to be one of them but various reports now indicate that Chelsea aren't totally convinced by a permanent swoop for the 33-year-old, who would command hefty wages. The Gabonese star's home was broken into this week and he is set for a spell on the sidelines after suffering a broken jaw. According to The Times, Leao is now being lined up as the marquee attacking recruit after Chelsea let go of Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku this summer. JUST IN: Arsenal 'working on Danilo transfer' as Arteta discovers Palmeiras' stance on £18m sale The Portuguese international, who can play out wide or through the middle, has a whopping £129m release clause and the Rossoneri are in no hurry to let him go. Having been crowned Serie A's most valuable player last campaign, Leao himself is thought to be in no rush to leave the San Siro either. Chelsea may therefore have to cough up a serious amount of cash if they want to get the deal done, although it would land them a 23-year-old who still has plenty of years ahead of him at the top level. The Blues are thought to have briefly explored the possibility of signing Neymar, although Paris Saint-Germain informed them that a late deal would not be possible. DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit The Brazilian has come racing out of the blocks this season, notching six goals and six assists in his first four Ligue 1 matches. It was thought that there may have been scope for an exit amid rumours of tension between himself, Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi, but PSG have supposedly refused to negotiate any further. Alongside talks for Leao, Boehly is spinning plenty of other plates in the transfer market despite concluding a deal for Leicester City star Wesley Fofana on Wednesday. The young Frenchman is thought to have cost £69.5m as a flat fee and the Blues are also believed to be pursuing a lucrative deal for RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol that would see him arrive at Stamford Bridge in 12 months' time. "Right now I think we could need some more players in some positions," said Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel before losing 2-1 to Southampton on Tuesday. "It’s very close to the end of the transfer window and when 1 September comes I will be a happy coach no matter what happens. I will try to find solutions and not think about what might have happened or what could be."