The actor, 32, reprised the part of the Bonnie Prince in Outlander, five years after last appearing at the fateful Battle of Culloden. After the conflict, he was hiding out in the Scottish countryside before fleeing the country by sea. In season six, the monarch struggled as he walked along a beach in the dead of night dressed in female attire, including a restrictive corset and a tightly-bound bonnet, and questioning how women could wear such restrictive garments. His complaints only got a touch of sympathy from Flora MacDonald (played by Shauna Macdonald), who aided his hasty departure from Scottish shores. Gower said about the costume challenges: “The pain of the corset is real! I’ve been in so many period dramas where I’ve been like, ‘Oh, why is my co-star not having any tea or having any dinner or lunch? Or why are they a bit late onto set or whatever?’ Now I know exactly why that is.” Gower went on to say how the costume department “laced me up”, so he would get the full corset experience. He also admitted: “Sitting was interesting.” The star joked: “I don’t know whether my mum was proud or embarrassed.” Season six of Outlander was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent lockdown with the production only re-starting when the programme-makers deemed it was safe with stringent measures implemented on set. READ MORE: Outlander prequel: Star weighs in on Bonnie Prince Charlie series The filming experience for Gower proved to be different with the actor unable to meet up with co-stars and producers Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe. He said: “No, I didn’t see Sam and Cait until the London premiere but I had lovely messages from both of them about coming back, which was sad not getting to see the whole gang. But it was a thrill being back. “I was lucky that I was on Carnival Row season two the whole way through the pandemic, as you know, a lot of artists and people with jobs finished and jobs didn’t start again. But I was working. We were out in Prague filming.” Gower said working on Outlander and being on a set generally was a “great stark reminder” of how lucky he was and hailed the crew as “amazing”. READ MORE: Outlander: Why did Jamie Fraser marry Laoghaire MacKenzie? Adding: “It was a real thrill to be back on a set during Covid and to be working.” After appearing in Outlander earlier this year, Gower will be appearing in season four of Netflix thriller You, which sees him starring opposite Penn Badgley as the charming but deadly serial killer Joe Goldberg. While Gower couldn’t say too much about the role, he praised his co-star Badgley and promised fans could expect an “exciting” season ahead. He is also returning in the Amazon Prime Video fantasy drama Ezra Spurnrose, teasing his character would embark on a “dark journey”. Away from acting, Gower will be releasing his debut EP this month. Titled The Jacaranda after the famous Liverpudlian music venue, the actor shows off his impressive musical talents across four tracks. Craig Potter of Elbow fame produced the EP after Gower and he worked together on the independent movie Running Naked. Gower has been a singer-songwriter since his teen years as well as being in bands, however, over the years the star focused more on his acting career with his music ending up on the back burner. However, the pandemic changed all of this with Gower going back to writing again and musician Potter “caught wind of these tracks” and asked about producing his EP. DON'T MISS...Outlander star opens up on gruelling 12-hour day battle scene filming [INTERVIEW]Outlander: Bonnie Prince Charlie star addresses return as ‘odd' [INSIGHT]Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [EXPLAINER] The tracks were recorded at the Blueprint Studios in Manchester in April this year over three weeks. Gower said: “How does it compare to acting? Weirdly, I did draw quite a few comparisons because I’ve never had any music produced before and I guess in a roundabout way, Craig was the director almost of the EP, sending over loads of different versions of demos before we get into the studio, making the sure all the tracks are in a great place before we get into the studio. “Similar to a director would do with his shot lists and reccies [visiting locations] and what not. So, yeah, I can draw lot of comparisons.” The star said he felt he had some “ownership” over The Jacaranda because he had written the tracks and each one was very personal to him, saying: “That is a bit of myself.” The Jacaranda launches on August 20 Outlander season 7 is in production and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now