After jumping by 54 percent in April, energy bills are expected to see an additional 30 percent hike in October as the Russia-Ukraine conflict continues to put pressure on supply chains. These new forecasts suggest households could see annual bills of over £3,500 in line with the new cap - and that’s before it’s due to rise again in January. Britons are now, more than ever, looking for practical tips to reduce energy consumption at home. Small energy-efficiency steps can go a long way, both for personal finances as well as in improving quality of life and environmental impact. Nico Van Der Merwe, vice president of home and distribution at Schneider Electric said: “It's never been easier to make positive changes. “With smart energy solutions for homes, customers can reduce bills, make their space more comfortable, and maintain reliable power.” With that in mind, here are some quick and easy tips for saving energy this year.  READ MORE: Ofgem to announce new price cap this Friday  Never underestimate the obvious commonsensical approaches to conserving energy. Mr Van Der Merwe said: “Simply turning appliances off standby mode and switching off lights when they're not being used can save households around £75 a year on their annual energy bills.” Meanwhile, the Energy Saving Trust estimates that if everyone in the UK spent a minute less in the shower each day, it would save £215 million in energy bills a year nationwide. Mr Van Der Merwe continued: “Simply washing your clothes at a temperature below 40C, will also have a significant impact on the annual cost of running a washing machine.” Smart metering allows households to instantly receive detailed insights into their energy consumption. This can be shown on a computer screen or on an in-home display for easy viewing.  Mr Van Der Merwe said: “When paired with price signals, smart metering data can show users the costs associated with their usage behaviours, allowing them to see the impact of their choices and specific device usage more easily on their bills.” By gaining this kind of insight, energy customers can find out why and when they’re overconsuming to then cut down on usage and manage budgets better. Mr Van Der Merwe said: “More accurate invoices that reflect actual consumption can also support prepayment programmes. Greater accuracy and transparency make it easier to decide whether to switch energy providers and avoid an annoying meter reading.” A survey carried out by OnePoll of 5,000 British adults found almost half to have purchased a smart meter, with 47 percent confirming they now feel in more control of energy use, and 54 percent better understand it. Clever heating scheduling provides a great way for households to keep comfortably warm without overheating and wasting energy. DON'T MISS: Beer prices 'would top £25 a pint' [ANALYSIS]Save over £600 a year while cooking - by using cheaper appliances [EXPLAINED]Energy crisis: National Grid DOUBLES emergency planning exercise [INSIGHT]     A study by BEAMA emphasises the significant role heating controls play in reducing energy bills and improving home energy efficiency. By replacing a standard room thermostat with an ON/OFF load compensation thermostat, users can reduce gas use by 10 percent, according to BEAMA. Mr Van Der Merwe said: “ON/OFF load compensation is a proven method of minimising energy use by calculating the demand from a thermostat. “As the temperature approaches the required setting, the boiler will fire for shorter periods of time, ensuring a constant temperature is maintained.” For households that want to go one step further, smart heating controls like Wiser can save up to a further six percent more energy, according to Mr Van Der Merwe. He explained: “These smart systems work by stopping temperatures from going above targets based on usage patterns and ensuring that boilers switch on and off at just the right moment – all controlled via a smartphone app from anywhere in the world, allowing increased control and decreased wastage. “This superior ability to finetune and schedule the system, along with intuitive smart modes, could save up to £200 a year in energy bills.” Heating specific rooms instead of all of them at once can also help households save energy - and therefore costs. Mr Van Der Merwe said: “With systems like Wiser, it’s possible to heat each room individually for ultimate efficiency. This is done via smart TRVs (thermostatic radiator valves), which are attached to each radiator and are all controlled via a simple app.”  At the touch of a button, users can keep bedrooms cosy but kitchens cool – avoiding energy waste resulting from heating rooms which aren’t used or don’t need to be kept as warm. Mr Van Der Merwe continued: “Research shows that adding room-to-room heating with TRVs in every room saves up to 19 percent more energy compared to systems without that level of control.” Turning the central thermostat down by one degree is a really easy way to have an immediate impact without making much difference to comfort. Mr Van Der Merwe said: “While some people may feel the effects of this due to the layout of their house and their heating system, it is worth trying to see how it feels.” He continued: “Research shows that this easy step can save up to 10 percent energy, which could mean a saving of almost £80 a year for many households”, based on the current energy tariffs.  Insulating a house is a great way to reduce energy bills and carbon footprint. Mr Van Der Merwe said: “Start with draught-proofing, such as sealing gaps in window frames and blocking gaps under doors, for a quick and easy way to preserve heat.” The UK has some of the world’s oldest housing stock, with homes which are very inefficient. Mr Van Der Merwe continued: “Most of the heat lost in a home is through walls (35 percent) and roofs (25 percent). By having 10cm of fibreglass insulation fitted in the loft, you could see a potential reduction in heat loss of a huge 75 percent in that area.” Energy-efficient doors and windows also work well to reduce heat loss, save money and make homes more comfortable. They have the added bonus of insulating homes against external noise and reducing condensation build-up indoors. 