Yellowstone season five is making a comeback on The Paramount Network on November 13 and viewers cannot wait to see what is in store for the Duttons. The Western melodrama is known for pulling out the stops when it comes to the season premieres and the latest outing will be no different. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what to expect from the premiere. A brand new teaser was released at the end of August, confirming the latest outing will air on November 13 in the US. A welcome twist was also announced as the network confirmed the premiere will include a special two-hour event episode. Following the release of a brief teaser, the new season will finally answer some pressing questions from the season four finale. The teaser was shown at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, August 28. The clip saw Rip Wheeler (played by Cole Hauser) loading a gun as he prepares to go to great lengths to protect the ranch. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Duttons’ ‘train station’ to be found Meanwhile, the governor of Montana race continues between John Dutton (Kevin Costner) and his son Jamie (Wes Bentley). Viewers were assured ‘All Will Be Revealed’ at the end of the exciting video. Questions have now been raised as to whether Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) will put Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) in prison. Fans are also desperate to know if some characters from the past will also make a comeback in the new season.  Viewers wishing to catch up on previous seasons can see a series marathon starting on Friday of Labor Day weekend at the start of September on the Paramount Network, beginning at 11am each day. The season four premiere was cable’s highest-rated show with more than 14 million viewers tuning in, and season five could trump this. As for the season four finale, the explosive episode drew more than 10 million viewers. The upcoming fifth season is made up of 14 episodes, meaning it is longer than any other season. DON'T MISS... John Dutton children: How many kids does Yellowstone ranch owner have? [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 5 release date, cast, plot: When is it out? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone’s Beth star shares poignant remark to Wes Bentley [INSIGHT] At this moment in time, a release time for the two-hour premiere has not been revealed. The Sunday night series tends to air at 8pm ET on Paramount Network and CMT. At the start of August, Rip actor Cole Hauser sent fans into a frenzy as he shared a photo as himself as his character on horseback. He said: "Peace and serenity in the mountains of Montana. Thanks to Any Maschke for my bada** saddle this year on YS5."   Viewers are excited to see how Rip and Beth will navigate their marriage with new threats coming their way. Beth was fired by new antagonist Caroline in season four and for the first time in her life, she appears to feel threatened. Rip may not be able to save her this time as using force may not be enough to break her free of the prison system. Elsewhere, Jamie and John's relationship will be at the forefront of the season after Jamie's bond with his real father came to a catastrophic end. Yellowstone airs on The Paramount Network with a two-hour premiere episode on November 13.