The BBC has confirmed Jeremy Paxman’s final series presenting University Challenge will air later this month. After 28 years at the helm, the quiz master, who revealed his Parkinson’s diagnosis in 2021, is stepping down from the iconic BBC quiz. In a statement, Jeremy praised the show revealing he’d had a “blast” hosting the quiz. The quiz master commented: “I’ve had a blast hosting this wonderful series for nearly 29 years. “I’ve been lucky enough to work with an amazing team and to meet some of the swottier brains in the country. It gives me hope for the future.” Kate Phillips, BBC’s Director of Unscripted, added: “Since the BBC revived University Challenge in 1994 Jeremy has been at the front and centre of the show’s success and is without doubt one of the world’s finest, and most formidable quizmasters. “We are hugely grateful to Jeremy for his dedication to the programme for an incredible 28 years, he will be much missed by us all and the show’s millions of viewers.” Read more: A new documentary on Jeremy Paxman's fight with Parkinson's disease  The BBC has announced Jeremy will film his last episode this autumn. His final series will air on BBC Two from Monday, August 29. The stalwart will remain on BBC screens until the series concludes next year. Peter Gwyn, Executive Producer of University Challenge, remarked: "Jeremy has been our presenter, colleague and friend for twenty-eight years, and everyone on the University Challenge production team will miss him greatly. “He'll be sorely missed too by both our audience and by the generations of students who've relished the chance to pit themselves against him in more than a thousand matches." University Challenge is Britain’s longest-running quiz first airing 60 years ago. A special documentary will air on BBC Two on Monday, August 29 at 9pm following the first episode of the new series. The BBC has revealed a new presenter will be announced later this year. DON'T MISSDavid Attenborough set for TV return with special British Isles series [INSIGHT]Doctor Who's Ncuti Gatwa's first appearance teased in filming update [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast viewers slam ‘painful’ interview with James Acaster [VIDEO] University Challenge fans were saddened by the announcement and took to social media to praise the quizzing stalwart. @jamessflee tweeted: “Jeremy Paxman has been a magnificent host of #UniversityChallenge: in addition to the authoritative question-mastery, behind the scenes he was unfailingly indulgent with his time in engaging with the eager (cool) quiz team members who appeared on the show.” @jwindmill added: “I knew this day was coming but it still hurts. Jeremy Paxman, you will be sorely missed.” “Sad, it won’t be the same. He will be missed,” @saturnSam wrote. Former contestant @Ananth_sathya shared: “Thanks to #JeremyPaxman, kids around the country (me included) grew up dreaming that one day, they too could be viciously admonished on live TV (and maybe get a few questions right along the way). Thanks for all the memories - we’ll miss you. #UniversityChallenge.” @MrGeorgeThorpe commented: “Shame to hear about Jeremy Paxman leaving University Challenge. Going to be hard to replace. Not a big surprise given his recent health issues, but sad nonetheless. All the best to Mr Paxman.” “[Jeremy Paxman] You have been absolutely magnificent!” @OaPhumin exclaimed. University Challenge returns to BBC Two on Monday, August 29 at 8.30pm.