I know nothing I say is going to stop students or their parents from being nervous about getting these results. It’s par for the course. Even so, many parents have told me that they have heard that grading will be different this year. They are worried that this will have an impact on whatever their children want to do next. While I can’t do anything about the butterflies, I hope I can at least offer reassurance on that score.Over the past two years, students’ education has been hugely disrupted by the Covid pandemic. Schools and colleges have gone above and beyond to help their pupils to catch up, with over two million tutoring courses now started and hundreds of thousands of funded training opportunities available for teachers.For those in exam years, we had to take exceptional steps to make sure young people could progress on to the next stage of their education or life, be that university, the world of work or elsewhere. As a result the proportion of top grades awarded rose. While this led to more high grades across the system, without students being able to sit exams fairly, there was little alternative.To manage this, a two-year transition period has been put in place by Ofqual which means that results this year are likely to remain higher than 2019. But recognising the need for qualifications to maintain their value for universities and employers, results are likely to be lower than in 2021.Universities are aware of this transition period, and have factored it into their entry requirements and offers they have made to students this year. With life and education returning to normal, this year’s students were able to sit exams. Exams are almost always the fairest form of assessments and are used by universities to understand who is best suited to their courses. Advance information was given for some GCSEs and A levels to help students focus their revision, recognising the disruption this group of young people have faced over the past few years. I am proud of all our students but especially our Level trailblazers. They not only had to get to grips with a brand new qualification they did so in a pandemic. T levels are just as valuable as A levels and I am so excited to find out how our students have done in this first year.I also want to offer some reassurance to students who might not get the grades they need for their first choice. Please, don’t panic! There will still be plenty of places available through clearing or other options for you to explore.The UCAS Hub should be the first port of call for anyone in this position. University admissions teams will be on hand to help, offering guidance on the many alternative, excellent courses that will be available to take their learning to the next level. Of course some students might decide to put off taking up their place and go and travel the world instead or get some valuable work experience. Deferrals happen every year and I can assure you that the students who did this last year are not going to suddenly cause a squeeze on places. There are more choices out there to get young people wherever they want to go than ever before, whether they want to train on the job, go straight into work or continue their studies.Whatever they do, results day is the start of a great adventure. I wish everyone about to embark on it the very best of luck.