In a candid video, Goldie Hawn revealed her desire to live a "normal life". "I wanted to go home, get married, open a dancing school, be happy, have children," she revealed. "I wanted a normal life and it's not exactly what I was getting. My career just went boom, boom, boom and I got an Academy Award." Hawn is referencing the Oscar she won for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Cactus Flower (1969). Aged 24 at the time, she would "go back into [her] dressing room and lie down". "I was really freaked out about this anxiety coming over me," Hawn remembered. "I literally, truly lost my smile. For someone who wanted to be happy their whole life, I wasn't very happy." Wanting to "understand more about what was going on with [her] brain", Hawn sought professional help. READ MORE: Heart disease: The activity done by millions of Brits makes the heart 'thicker and weaker' The condition, however, can become debilitating for people when it interferes with everyday life. Anxiety is considered a mental health issue if: You find it hard to go about your everyday life or do things you enjoy. Anxiety can cause an array of physical symptoms, from a churning sensation in the stomach to a thumping heartbeat. The condition can lead to nausea, sleep issues, excessive sweating, and headaches. "Depression is a low mood that lasts for a long time, and affects your everyday life," Mind noted. In its mildest form, depression can mean experiencing low mood, making everyday life feel harder to do and seem less worthwhile. "At its most severe, depression can be life-threatening because it can make you feel suicidal," the charity added. Common symptoms of depression can include feeling: Both anxiety and depression can be addressed through therapeutic means. Talking therapies can be useful, such as cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). "Your doctor or mental health professional can talk through the options available in your area," Mind added. Goldie Hawn stars in the classic film, The First Wives Club, airing on Sunday, August 28 on channel 5 at 4:25pm.