Sunday night's The Chase: Celebrity Special saw Sunetra Sarker, David Arnold, Matty Lee and Basil Brush face Chaser Daragh Ennis in a bid to win a staggering amount of money for charity. Whilst many fans were excited to see the new episode, they were soon left annoyed when The Chase's official Instagram posted the outcome of the Final Chase an hour before the episode even aired. Within seconds of the video being posted to the page, fans flooded the comment section annoyed they couldn't wait until after the show finished. User @garybrown1982 fumed: "Well that's just ruined it for me lol." @neil_h2709 commented: "Did you really mean to post this? The ultimate spoiler alert." @jake_daniel_taylor added: "They ruined it! Why post the chase results now you have spoiled it now for everyone who was going to watch it." READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview @danielrussell156 exclaimed: "Was going to enjoy this tonight but now you've revealed the results not going to bother. Thanks, @itvchase ruined my night now." @marcina_angel1 asked: "Why tell us the result beforehand??" @loumattronan911 quipped: "Thanks for spoiling the outcome..." (sic) Saturday evening, the same account posted a teaser for the new episode and captioned it: "As if a Bank holiday weekend isn't great enough, we've also got a Celebrity Special of #TheChase in store for you tomorrow! "Here is your first look at the stars preparing to take on a Chaser. Join @isunetra, @davidgarnold, @mattydiver and @realbasilbrush tomorrow night at 7pm as they work together and try and take home big money for their chosen charities." Sunetra was first up to take on Darragh after she managed to build an impressive £5,000 in her cash builder round. Impressed by her knowledge, Darragh offered her a low amount of £1,000 and a higher amount of £50,000. However, she decided to stick with the original £5,000, and after a tough start to the round, managed to fly through and make it back for the Final Chase. DON'T MISS...Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  [LATEST]Pierce Brosnan’s FURY at being fired from James Bond: ‘It’s juvenile!’ [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [WATCH] David was up next and added another £8,000 to their pot, after being offered £2,000 and £80,000 from Darragh. Matty was third to win some money for the team and only managed to build £3,000, with Darragh offering a staggering amount of £87,000. However, Matty and the team decided it was best for him to get back to the Final Chase, leaving him to play and successfully win the £3,000. The icon Basil was last to task on Darragh and was tempted to take the £144,000 which he was offered, but also decided to take his £3,000 he earned in his cash builder. The team managed to only get 15 steps in front of Darragh, to which he expressed that they answered too many questions too slow. Despite a flying start from Darragh, the pressure began to get to him as he started to get the simple questions wrong. With four successful pushbacks, the team managed to beat Darragh as it came down to the wire, with Darragh shouting in annoyance. They won £19,000 which will be equally divided between their chosen charities of Savera UK, CARE International UK, MIND Charity and Marie Curie UK. The Chase: Celebrity Special airs Sunday from 7pm on ITV.