Meghan Markle has aired the first two episodes of her Spotify podcast series, Archetypes. The Duchess of Sussex was joined by her close friend and tennis legend Serena Williams for the debut instalment of the series, titled The Misconception of Ambition. This was launched online alongside a clip recorded from within a glamorous recording studio.     Recording from a plush, homely studio, the wife of Prince Harry looked radiant for the first episode, donning a pair of cigarette trousers from Annie Bing along with a caramel-hued striped blouse to complete her tonal aesthetic. Meghan also had a minimalist, chic décor within her recording studio, visible from an official podcast clip shared on Spotify’s Instagram account. The Duchess was seated on a velour loveseat in whimsical sage, which was placed on a rich Turkish-style rug in warm earthy tones. An elegant canvas floor lamp with wooden legs brought warmth to the Duchess’ recording space, while exposed cladding on the walls and slate grey feature walls completed the room’s welcoming aesthetic. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  According to royal journalist Elizabeth Holmes, the mother-of-two’s podcast recording space is within the £11million Montecito mansion she shares with Prince Harry and their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Taking to Instagram, Elizabeth shared a screenshot from a close source, which read: "Asked a friend who works for Spotify, and it’s both! "Spotify built her a home studio but she also goes into their LA office to record sometimes." It is not known whether the clip shared by Spotify is from the music platform’s own studio or the bespoke space built for Meghan in her lavish LA abode.  A recording studio isn’t the only extraordinary feature the Sussex’s home boasts. With nine bedrooms and a whopping 16 bathrooms, Harry and Meghan certainly aren’t short on space. It has also been reported that the couple has a spa within their home with a separate dry and wet sauna. Meanwhile, the New York Post also reported there is a massage room. READ MORE: Meghan Markle embarrassed as Mariah Carey calls out Duchess  What does the rest of Meghan's home look like? Meghan has just spoken about her property interiors in a new interview with The Cut. Branding her home as the place where she "feels free", the royal detailed some features of her shared office with Harry. This included two "plush club chairs" which are placed side by side behind a single desk, facing the room "like thrones".  Royal fans previously got a glimpse of this set-up in a video released to mark Meghan's 40th birthday in August 2021. It showed the desk sitting in front of a large stone fireplace in a spacious room with white walls and cream carpet. The new interview detailed other features of their home including a grand piano - a housewarming gift from Tyler Perry - and Soho House candles, which retail from £60. It was also revealed the home is currently undergoing some minor renovations, such as pipes being fixed. 