Val Horton bungalow used to look overlook the National Trust's Solsbury Hill in Somerset. The view, however, is now blocked by an "awful forest". Ms Horton and other locals in the area have been locked in a 20year battle with their neighbour over the 50ft leylandii hedge. The trees have now grown so tall that she is unable to see the picturesque countryside views she could previously. She has now admitted defeat after the council ruled that they could not order her neighbour to chop them down as they don't block out enough sunlight. The retired civil servant had hoped the trees would be cut under the High Hedges part of the Antisocial Behaviour Act.  But because the property still gets enough light by the council's standards, Bath and North East Somerset Council cannot order the hedgerow to be cut short. Her neighbour had planted the trees in 2001 and Ms Horton said they now black the "wonderful" view from her dining room. She said the 20-year battle has "exhausted" her. She told The Sun: "This has had a big impact on all of our lives – to look over and see a forest of trees is pretty awful, but sometimes you have to admit defeat and that time has come. READ MORE: M4 traffic chaos as motorway SHUT after lorry bursts into flames "I used to be able to grow vegetables down the bottom of the garden but that's now impossible because the trees just blocked out all the light." Before the hedge was planted, the elderly homeowner said the view of the hill, which is home to an Iron Age fort, used to be "fantastic" and protested the hedges with her late neighbour Betty Kelley. She said: "For some, the issue to have these trees removed has been too much and poor Betty passed away without ever seeing it resolved." Betty had lived with her husband in a bungalow which was one of the properties most badly affected by the hedge.  Speaking before her death, Mrs Kelley told The Mail on Sunday in 2016: "It was absolutely beautiful, but the view of Solsbury Hill has completely gone. "We used to be able to see it and that's the only reason my husband bought this bungalow. He wanted that view, with a big window to be able to look out at it so that we could feel like we're in the country. Now there's nothing." Some of the neighbours are convinced the trees, which can grow 3ft every year and reach 100ft, have been planted on purpose. The woman who planted the hedge had previously wanted to build four houses on a plot of land behind her property - but by 2016, the proposed development had been refused six times following objections from local residents. 