Damon Hill has called Michael Schumacher his “arch nemesis” but admits he was “fortunate” to go up against the seven-time champion during his F1 career. Hill claimed Schumacher was seen as the bar on which to measure performances and beating the German showed drivers were at an elite standard. Speaking on the F1 Nation podcast, Hill explained: "If you beat Michael Schumacher then you can say to yourself you have performed at the very highest level. If it wasn't for Michael Schumacher, my arch nemesis, if it wasn't for him you wouldn't know how to rank yourself in the pantheon. “So I think of myself as very fortunate to be in an era where there was Michael, Ayrton [Senna], Nigel [Mansell], Alain Prost. And I got a chance to compare myself with them. The quality of the competition is very important. You want to be put to the test, That is the real joy of sport and competition is getting the best out of yourself. “You can only find out if that’s the best, or even beyond your best, if you’re up against the best.” Hill was embroiled in a series of fierce title battles with Schumacher in the mid-1990s and the two quickly became rivals. READ MORE: Ex-Ferrari boss reveals difference between Leclerc and Schumacher He missed out on the 1994 crown after the two came together in controversial circumstances at the Australian Grand Prix. Schumacher stormed to his second title a year later, beating the Briton by 33 points. However, Hill was vindicated a couple of years later as Williams beat Schumacher in his first season at Ferrari. Hill also revealed how he changed his driving style when racing against Schumacher compared to other rivals. He commented: “When you’ve got someone like Michael Schumacher and there’s a little bit of maybe bad blood, or maybe perceived bad blood between you and another competitor it can get a little bit more [cautious]. DON'T MISSDamon Hill takes subtle dig at Michael Schumacher [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher’s replacement slams Ferrari [ANALYSIS]Charles Leclerc explains why he won't copy Michael Schumacher [COMMENT] “You have to give them more of a wider berth whereas there’s other people who you kind of know them a little bit and know they won’t give you such a hard time. Racing drivers do change personality when they put their helmets on. It's a bit like most people when they get in their car, the red mist factor. “You never know what people are going to be like.”