Tennis fans remain divided over Nick Kyrgios despite his recent success in Wimbledon and Washington. The world No 37 is one of a select few tennis players being followed for a new Drive To Survive-style Netflix documentary but Express Sport readers are split over whether they will watch the Aussie in action when it is released. Kyrgios has enjoyed the best season of his career, starting the year by winning the Australian Open doubles title before reaching his maiden Grand Slam final in singles at Wimbledon. Since losing the championship match to Novak Djokovic last month he has gone undefeated, winning the doubles title in Atlanta and both the singles and doubles at last week’s Citi Open. But the controversial Australian continues to divide opinion, with Express Sport readers almost exactly split in their thoughts about the 27-year-old’s upcoming documentary. Kyrgios is one of several players - including the likes of Taylor Fritz and Maria Sakkari - to be followed for a new Netflix documentary in the style of F1’s wildly popular Drive To Survive, but tennis fans are divided over whether they will be watching him star in it. In a survey asking Express Sport readers whether they’d be watching the Wimbledon finalist’s documentary when it is released, the 19,581 responses were split almost exactly between the four answers. 26.7 per cent said they would “definitely” be watching tennis’ answer to Drive To Survive, while 24.3 per cent were undecided as they said they would “maybe” watch it. JUST IN: Raducanu urged to accept McEnroe request despite Wimbledon criticism  23.3 per cent said they would “probably not” watch it while there was certainty for the 25.7 per cent who answered “not at all”. It’s another example of Kyrgios’ ability to divide fans of the sport, with constant debates over whether some of the world No 37’s antics can be described as good for the sport, or bad for its reputation. The Aussie isn’t letting his doubters get to him though, as he won his seventh match in a row on Tuesday in Montreal, downing Sebastian Baez 6-4 6-4 to set up a mouthwatering clash with world No 1 Daniil Medvedev in the second round. DON'T MISS Alcaraz shoots down successor claims with Djokovic and Nadal admissionDjokovic lacking support from tennis fans as Biden told to ignore pleaRaducanu reveals inspiring aspect of Williams' legacy amid retirement  Kyrgios is aware his match-winning streak could come to an end at the hands of the top seed, telling Tennis Channel: “I know I've got Medvedev next which kind of sucks,” but he is still feeling optimistic given his recent run of form.  “I feel like against pretty much any player right now, I'd feel extremely confident. Obviously I feel confident going up against him, but we all know what he can produce. It's going to be a good match for sure. I'm a bit tired but I'm gonna try and give him a good run,” he added. 