Goldie Hawn, 76, shared the secrets of her long-term happiness with Kurt Russell, 71 - and the reason she refuses to get married - in an unearthed bombshell interview. The actors are constantly fielding puzzled queries about why they've never tied the knot - but Goldie insists that the magic lies in them choosing to be with each other, rather than becoming codependent. "I would have been long divorced if I’d been married," she confided on the ITV show Loose Women back in 2015. "Marriage is an interesting psychological thing. If you need to feel bound to someone, then it's important to be married. "[However] if you have enough money and sense of independence and you like your independence, there’s something psychological about not being married." She explained: "It gives you the freedom to make decisions one way or the other." READ NOW: Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell Goldie added that the pair chose to be together, rather than being bound to their commitment by law. To her, choosing to be with each other rather than needing to be, strengthened the relationship even more. "I chose to stay. Kurt chose to stay, and we like the choice," she explained. In an interview with People magazine in 2020, Kurt told the world that he felt the same way too. "For people like us, the marriage certificate wasn’t going to create anything that otherwise we wouldn’t have," he clarified. Goldie has been with her beau for more than 39 years, following their first date on Valentine's Day in 1983, at a Playboy Club. She fell for Kurt fast in spite of his very awkward chat-up line, delivered while he was "extremely hungover". "She had a great body, so the first thing that came out was, ‘Man, you’ve got a great figure,'" he revealed on an episode of Conan.  "It came out quickly and it could’ve gone wrong, [but] she said, ‘Why thank you.'” An even more awkward moment followed, when they returned to a house that Goldie was having remodelled, only to be mistaken for intruders by security guards. "There were flashlights around the room," Kurt cringed, "[and] we were like, ‘Guys, get out of here — it’s her house!’" However, he admitted: "It was a lot of fun, I’ll tell you that!" They'd originally met for the first time way back in 1966 on the set of a Disney movie. The pair were both acting in The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band when Kurt was just 16 and Goldie was only a little older at 21. It then took a further 17 years before the pair's friendship and working partnership would blossom into romance. It's clear that the pair, whose relationship seems stronger than ever despite neither being interested in formalising it, feel they're in it for the long haul.