Mr Walker outlined the supermarket chain's cost-saving initiatives which advise Britons to use energy-saving appliances to bulk cook. The Iceland boss recommended air fryers and microwaves as low-energy cooking alternatives as well as saving money on frozen foods to tackle the cost of living crisis. Mr Walker told LBC: "So we've got this partnership with Utilita, the energy company and it's first of its kind and we've looked at ways that people can cook savvier and actually, we've done some research and the savings of over 600 quid every year for the average family. "if they just use low energy appliances, things like air fryers, which we're selling in our food warehouse stores and we'll be bringing in a lot more stock of week after next. "Also microwaves slow cookers, things like that. So there's an awful lot of different ways and that can be like I said, lower energy usage appliances, but also it can be batch cooking. "And then of course you've got simply buying frozen, I know I would say this but there's obviously another way to save money." It comes with a cost-of-living crisis that appears set to dominate the latest hustings clash between Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak as the Tory leadership rivals prepare to go head-to-head in Birmingham. Ms Truss promised to put the West Midlands "at the heart of our economic revival" ahead of the 10th Tory leadership hustings, while Mr Sunak pledged to turn the UK into a "science superpower". But soaring costs and rising inflation are likely to dominate the two-hour event in the UK's second-largest city, amid reports that Foreign Secretary Ms Truss would not ask the independent Office for Budget Responsibility for a forecast ahead of the measures she is planning for next month, if she becomes prime minister. It comes amid growing calls for urgent action from the Government to tackle the crisis, even as it was announced that around six million disabled people will receive a £150 cost-of-living payment from the end of September. READ MORE: Truss and Sunak warning as voters want BORIS to say - NEW POLL  Chloe Smith, minister for disabled people and a Truss backer, played down the criticism and insisted the frontrunner "would want to be able to use all the data that is available" if she became prime minister". She also said that rather than focus on freezes to the energy price cap, as Labour has demanded, a Truss administration would "look at the longer-term solutions about how to bring energy prices down". Mr Sunak, whose criticism of Ms Truss and her economic strategy has dominated the campaign, continues to bat away suggestions that he should exit the race. In an interview with BBC Radio 2 on Monday, the former chancellor repeated his attacks on Ms Truss while stressing that he continues to receive a positive response while campaigning. He also appeared to suggest he could decide not to serve in a Truss cabinet, if he was offered a role. His supporter Robert Halfon, appearing on Sky News on Tuesday, insisted Mr Sunak would not quit the contest. The senior Tory MP said: "I think he is right to be able to have a chance to set his programme, not just to the membership but to the country. "The contest will be over very shortly. I think it's right that members have a choice. It's still all to play for."