Formula 1 star Lewis Hamilton has become a co-owner for the American Football side Denver Broncos after investing in the NFL franchise, the team have confirmed. The seven-time world champion has been keen to invest since being linked with a role in a Chelsea takeover bid back in May and has successfully expanded his portfolio. Hamilton has joined up with the ownership group led by the Walton-Penner family, who agreed a record £3.8billion ($4.65bn) acquisition of the three-time Super Bowl winners in June. A statement from Walmart heir Rob Walton, on behalf of the Walton-Penner Family Ownership Group, read on Tuesday: "We're delighted to welcome seven-time Formula One world champion Sir Lewis Hamilton to our ownership group. "He is a champion competitor who knows what it takes to lead a winning team and a fierce advocate for global equality, including in his own sport. With over 100 race wins, Lewis is considered the most successful driver of all time. "His resilient spirit and standard of excellence will be an asset to the ownership group and the Broncos organisation." Hamilton confirmed his part in the deal, quote-tweeting the statement from the prospective Broncos owners to his followers with an emoji of a horse and fire. He added on Instagram: "Excited to join an incredible group of owners and become a part of the @broncos story. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to impact the sport and work with a world class team. I'm ready to get started and serve as an example of the value of more diverse leadership across all sports." He will be joined by former US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and US businesswoman Mellody Hudson as co-owners. The 37-year-old was previously interested in forming part of Sir Martin Broughton’s consortium that launched a bid to take over Chelsea back in May, before Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital secured a £4.25bn deal to assume control of the Premier League club. It is unclear exactly how much Hamilton will be pouring into the takeover, which is set to be ratified later this week. But he is estimated to possess a net worth of around £233m ($285m) according to Forbes, and currently earns around £36m-a-year at Mercedes with a year left on his current deal. The Briton has been preparing for life after F1 after investing in a number of businesses and ventures over the years. However, the surprise announcement marks the first time Hamilton has made an investment in an outfit outside of motorsport. Feasibly, Hamilton would be able to attend a Broncos match following the conclusion of the 2022 season, which ends at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in late November. And he is unlikely to have trouble finding accommodation, as he owns a house in the mountains in Colorado where he spends time during the winter.