As Russian troops are reportedly losing ground in Ukraine in their effort to invade the country, military analysts warn Vladimir Putin could declare Russia's full military mobilisation. However, some experts suggest Putin may fear that mobilisation could trigger domestic resistance, with large numbers of recruits potentially evading the draft. A former senior British military adviser says a full mobilisation would backfire on Russia’s economy. When asked about the implication of a full mobilisation and conscription of many more Russian fighters, the unnamed advisor laid out two possible reasons why Vladimir Putin is reluctant to opt for that option. He told Times Radio: "The first one is the economic reason. "It would absolutely destroy the Russian economy, which is already being degraded in terms of the fall in GDP. "And secondly, I’m not sure they actually have the equipment to give the people, should they go for a general mobilisation." "And of course, that absolutely changes the character of the war from a special military operation, which was going to be over, as we know, by day three, with the thunder run into something which is completely different," the advisor said. "And that puts Putin on the horns of a dilemma for the internal support, which may leech away as it may do for what occurred in Saki in Crimea last week." Russia’s President Vladimir Putin has so far ruled out a full mobilisation despite the dwindling number of fighters on the battlefield. Russian troops failed to conquer the capital Kyiv in the first phase of the war because of the insufficient number of troops, military analysts say. Russian troops were forced to withdraw from Kyiv, Sumy, and Chernihiv oblasts. READ MORE: Two more down as Zelensky's heroes BATTER Putin warehouses Sergey Krivenko, head of the Citizen Army Law human rights association and former member of Russia’s Presidential Council for Civil Society, told Open Democracy that it would be difficult for Putin to get Russian troops involved because of his war narrative. He said: "The Russian authorities still present the war in Ukraine as a 'special operation' rather than a 'war'. As if it was a military operation that takes place outside of Russia, similar to Syria, and therefore Russian society should not be particularly affected. "That is, the army will deal with the situation on its own – it has certain tasks and that’s it. This is not a war against Ukraine, in which the whole of Russian society needs to be involved, but a special operation of the Russian military. "From this point of view, mobilisation is very unpopular in Russian society, as became clear when rumours about it spread. DON'T MISS:Vladimir Putin warns of closer Russian ties with North Korea [REPORT]Putin knows 'mistake' as he 'burns through' Russian army [INSIGHT]'Country of occupiers' Georgians vent anger at Russias over Ukraine [REPORT] "Many people are afraid of it, hotlines of human rights organisations receive a large number of questions: 'How will the mobilisation take place?', 'Will I be called up?' and so on. It’s clear that mobilisation is unpopular. And so, I think that the authorities will delay it 'until the end', until it becomes necessary." Ukrainian forces appear to be making significant advances not only in the eastern Donbas region but also in Crimea – a region annexed by Russia in 2014 – further raising the prospect of Putin sending more troops to the battlefield. READ NEXT:Ukraine strikes Russian mercenaries after accidental location leakPutin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claimsPutin humiliated as boasting Wagner mercenaries blown upStand up for Britain! Tory savages Corbyn over Ukraine commentsChilling reason why Putin NEVER talks about his family