Leandro Lo, 33, was rushed to hospital after an "off-duty policeman" in Sao Paulo, Brazil, shot him in a nightclub. The Brazilian martial arts expert was well-known for his prowess in Jiu Jitsu, having won the World Championships eight times prior to his death. The sporting star, whose full name is Leandro Lo Pereira do Nascimento, is said to have been approached by a police officer at the Clube Sirio nightclub. He had been partying with friends when the officer appeared and proceeded to gesture threateningly at him with a glass bottle. Reports claim that Leandro "immobilised him and insisted that he should go away", as reported by BBC. It is understood that the police officer then pulled out a gun and shot the athlete in the forehead. READ NOW: Sam Gannon dead: Emmerdale star dies suddenly at 31 A murder investigation has now been opened, after his grieving family reported that he was declared brain dead and no more could be done for him. Tragically, he died in the early hours of Sunday morning. He had been having a powerful winning streak in the world of Jiu Jitsu before the incident. His most recent title had been the 2022 World Championship in California.  Just two months ago Leandro had taken to social media to mark the ten-year anniversary of his most spectacular achievements. Looking back at his first major title, won in 2012 in the lightweight category, he spoke of his love for "the feeling of being world champion". Comparing it to his most recent achievement in California, in the light heavyweight category, he exclaimed that reaching victory in the tournaments had been "the two best sensations" of his life. "Thank you everyone who is always with me, in joy, in sadness!” he wrote. DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [DRAMA] Will Smith exposed for public slap years before Oscars in rare video [UNEARTHED FOOTAGE] Clint Eastwood's frank admission about his eight 'vulnerable' childre [FAMILY] Leandro's other achievements include victories in the Pan American Championships, Brazilian National Jiu-Jitsu Championships and the World Cup. He was aged just 33 at the time of his death. Reports from the scene suggest that after he fell to the ground following the shooting, the perpetrator then kicked him twice as he lay there. He then fled and local police are searching for him. The elite sportsman was rushed to Sabova Municipal Hospital in the Jabaquara district of Sao Paulo, who were unable to save him. Now members of the martial arts world have flooded the internet with tributes to Leandro. "A very sad day for the BJJ community,” former UFC fighter Kenny Florian published on Twitter. Meanwhile UFC commentator John Gooden tweeted: “Saddened to hear about the tragic loss of Leandro Lo. One of the greatest Jiu-jitsu players ever. Absolutely tragic. My condolences to his family and friends."