Jose Mourinho has released a passionate post in support of Georginio Wijnaldum after the Roma midfielder broke his leg in a training ground incident on Sunday. The Portuguese coach has also slammed the supporters who took aim at young Giallorossi striker Felix Afena-Gyan for his involvement in the collision as "scum". Wijnaldum only joined Roma two weeks ago, arriving on loan from Paris Saint-Germain in search of regular first-team football. The 31-year-old made his competitive bow for Roma in their 1-0 win over Salernitana in his new side's Serie A opener last weekend but now faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines. The former Liverpool favourite is set to face at least three months out and is at risk of missing the World Cup in Qatar after fracturing his tibia following a clash with Afena-Gyan in training on Sunday. The 19-year-old Ghanaian forward is said to have been left distraught by the accident. After Roma issued a statement confirming the injury and expressing their support for Wijnaldum, Giallorossi boss Mourinho has now spoken out. The former Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham coach praised Wijnaldum for his impact at the club following his arrival while also blasting those who hit out at Afena-Gyan over his role in the incident. JUST IN: Chelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap deal Ahead of Roma's Serie A clash with newly-promoted Cremonese on Monday night, Mourinho wrote: "Sometimes football can be s***. In only 2 weeks, Gini became one of us because of his human qualities (his football qualities we already knew). Sadly, in a very unfortunate accident he had a bad injury that will keep him away from playing for a long time. "But it’s not just football to be s*** sometimes, people can also be... Those who initiated the rumours that a top kid like Felix could be responsible for what happened are real scum. Let’s all be together tonight: we play for @officialasroma, for gwijnaldum and for @ohenegyanfelix9." READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd receive transfer domino boost from wantaway Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech On Sunday evening, Roma confirmed Wijnaldum's injury, issuing a statement which read: "Following an injury sustained during training this afternoon, Georginio Wijnaldum subsequently underwent medical tests that confirmed the presence of a fracture to the tibia in his right leg. The player will undergo further assessments in the coming days. FORZA GINI!' It has been suggested that Roma may immediately opt to see Wijnaldum undergo surgery in order to aid his recovery and hopes of returning to action with the Italian club in the New Year. The news serves as an untimely blow to the Netherlands international who was determined to get his career back on track in Serie A having seen it stall with PSG after joining the Ligue 1 giants on a free transfer from Liverpool last summer following five-trophy-laden seasons with the Reds.