Solar panel suppliers have reported an increase in orders this year compared to last year due to more people wanting to install the green energy provider on the roofs of their properties. As the prices of electricity and gas continue to rise, it seems that Britons are finding alternative ways to heat their homes. The time it would take to recoup the cost of installing solar panels from savings on energy bills is expected to get much shorter, according to research undertaken by the Sunday Times. This will decrease from just under 11 years at January 2022’s rates to fewer than four years from January next year. This is due to the fact that energy bills are expected to skyrocket again this year. The average energy bill is set to rise from about £1,900 to more than £3,300 in October. READ MORE: ‘Worst thing to do’ when mowing your lawn - ‘encourages weeds’ This will be when the energy regulator Ofgem raises its cap on the amount suppliers can cahrege on their standard variable tariffs. The cap is expected to increase again in January next year, to around £3,600, where it will remain until at least 2024. Many households simply cannot afford to keep on top of bills when they are this high. Although solar panels can be expensive to install, they seem to be a good option for many trying to save on energy bills in the long run. DON'T MISS: Grass care: Lawn 'jobs you should be doing' in August [INSIGHT]Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' [UPDATE]How to clean white goods: ‘Simple’ tinfoil hack for dishwashers [ANALYSIS] Nathan Hyatt-Mitchell, heating engineer at Rated People, told Express.co.uk why. He said: “With solar panels, you generate your own electricity, so you’re reducing your electricity bill. “The amount you can save will always depend on things like the size of your system and your electricity use, but in areas like London, you can save on average £100 to £270, or in more rural areas, £90 to 230.” But the first thing to do before installing solar panels? Find the right ones. Nathan explained: “It’s important to search for and find qualified technicians to install solar panels, so look for installers that are accredited. “Make sure you get at least three quotations if you can from accredited installers as it’s always best to shop around and not go with the first company that offers you the cheapest price. “My recommendation would be to do extra research on the companies, asking for references and pictures of their previous work as this will give you more of an idea of the best company for your job. “Be open and really clear with your installers about what you want when you’re getting quotes. “Clarify the quotation and make sure that you’re happy with what will be spent and also if there’s after care of the solar panels. Some companies provide an after care service so it’s always best to check.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Nathan continued: “Before any solar panels are fitted, scaffolding needs to be erected as a must for the safety of the team doing the job. “Once roof anchors and frames are attached, the solar panels will be installed and the wiring will be completed. “Your installers will also do final checks and inspections. After the work has been completed, make sure you receive an MCS certificate as insurance that your solar panels have been installed correctly and by certified professionals.” When it comes to the cost of solar panels, Nathan explained that there are different Kw systems, “depending on what you have installed”. The general cost, no matter the size of your home, is around £5,000, according to the expert. Below is a more detailed list of estimated costs, depending on the system. 3Kw: £5000-£6000, 4Kw: £6000-£8000 5Kw: £7000- £9000 6Kw: £8000- £10,000