Clarence House is the official residence of the future King and Queen Consort, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. However, they also have another home, Highgrove House, near Tetbury, Gloucestershire, away from the hustle and bustle of London. The Duchy of Cornwall purchased Highgrove in 1980, with a house, garden and nearby farmland, Duchy Home Farm. The Duchy of Cornwall is a title given to the eldest son of the reining monarch. The Prince bought the property in 1980 for around £865,000, but what would it be worth today? According to Inflation Tool, £865,000 in 1980 amounts to around £3.47million today. READ MORE: Inside Meghan Markle & Prince Harry's £11million California home  According to the Duchy of Cornwall official website, Prince Charles opted for a Gloucestershire property because of its "easy access to London". This meant he could frequently and easily visit Buckingham Palace, the official residence of his mother, Queen Elizabeth II. The home is "environmentally conscious", with many features put in place for this aim. "Energy-saving bulbs and solar lights are used where appropriate, and all kitchen waste goes through the composting system. "Biomass boilers and ground and air source heat pumps provide heating and hot water." Prince William and Prince Harry spent much of their childhood at Highgrove House with parents Charles and Princess Diana, who married in 1981 but later separated in 1992 and divorced four years later. There are lots of sweet snaps of them at home, in their early years enjoying the animals and playground - and in their older years a spot of polo. The swimming pool at the residence was a wedding present from the British Army to the newly weds. READ MORE: 'Most tense' royal moment ever 'caught on camera' - pictures   The front of the house is an exquisite countryside dream, with climbing plants all over the exterior. The grounds at Highgrove are marvellous and very intricately designed, with beautiful bushes, trees, flowers, elaborate pathways, benches and a water fixture. There are plenty of areas for reception; Camilla hosted members of the Gloucestershire Federation of Women's Institute in a very grand room in 2009. This had wooden floors, red patterned carpets and tables set with red cloths scattered about.  Very recently, to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, a tea dance was hosted by The Prince's Foundation at Highgrove. The centre of the room was transformed into a dance floor, with tables pushed to one side and bunting hanging from the ceiling. But despite its grandeur, Highgrove also appears to be quite cosy. There is an image of Prince Charles years ago sitting down smiling in his living room. The walls are off-white, as is the sofa, and on it are a number of comfy green and blue patterned cushions. By the open window there is a pretty plant in a floral plant pot, and on one wall hangs a landscape painting in a gold frame.