Majorca is one of, if not the top location for sun-seeking Brits every summer. But Majorca’s insane popularity can mean that the typical tourist spots are often just that - very touristy. So where should you head to if you’d rather experience the more local and authentic side of Majorca? Here are 10 small towns that mean you can escape the crowds at the busier tourist traps. According to Holidu Petra is officially the most popular small town in Majorca, according to searches by Spanish people. With a population of fewer than 3,000 people, Petra is a tiny rural town located in the centre of Majorca. This picturesque town is full of life, thanks to its many squares where you can find the bars and restaurants located. Petra is also well-known as being the birthplace of Fray Junipero Serra, a missionary who is claimed to have founded California. READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'never' eat onboard before crucial precaution Situated in the ‘Valley of Oranges’, also known as the ‘Valley of Gold’, is the second most popular small town in Majorca, Sóller. This mountainous town is home to less than 14,000 inhabitants and is about three kilometres from the nearest coast. Sóller boasts stunning architecture that incorporates Caribbean-colonial buildings and Catalan Modernism style, which can be best admired in the town square, Plaza Constitución and Gran Via. One of the main attractions here is the Sóller Train, a railway line that connects the small town with the capital of Palma and takes passengers through a route of olives and oranges from the Tramuntana mountains. DON'T MISS...Diet: Michael Mosley on the ‘most important part of weight loss’ [EXPERT]Archie to be left ‘confused’ by Meghan and Harry’s decision [COMMENT]August 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [EXCLUSIVE] Heading to the southeast of Majorca now, we find Campos, a traditional rural town that is home to less than 11,000 people. Campos hosts two morning markets each week, on Thursday and Saturday, where the entire town flocks to the market stalls to buy fresh local produce. This town is located in a region that is home to some of the best and most popular beaches on the whole island, including Es Trenc and Sa Rapita. READ MORE: How to ‘save hundreds’ on holidays and avoid a ‘nasty surprise’ The 4th most popular small town in Majorca is Artà, just a few kilometres inland from the northeast coast. This town has managed to retain its authentic Majorcan charm due to being largely untouched by the mass of tourism that has saturated other parts of the island. One of the biggest attractions in Artá is the historical landmarks you can find here, including the Sanctuary de Sant Salvador, as well as the fortress walls that surround it. The town is also famous for its local pottery and basket weaving, which you can find on Tuesdays at its weekly market. Artá is also within easy reach of some of Majorca’s famous caves, like the Caves d’Arta and Coves del Drac. Valldemossa secures its place as the 5th most popular small town in Majorca this year. Perched on a hilltop in the Tramuntana mountains, this is the highest town in Majorca. Less than 2,000 people call Valldemossa home, making it the smallest town in our top 10. This town enjoys a laid-back and relaxed atmosphere thanks to its small population and car-free alley streets but does experience a spike in tourists during the summer months, so perhaps choose to visit during the low season. A mere 15-minute drive from the town centre will take you to the quiet Port Valldemossa, where you can enjoy tranquillity and nature by the sea. The town is also an ideal base for hiking lovers wishing to explore the Tramuntana mountain range. The most popular small towns in Majorca: 1. Petra 2. Sóller 3. Campos 4. Artà 5. Valldemossa 6. Sant Joan 7. Selva 8. Muro 9. Andratx 10. Santanyí