Netflix has come up with yet another gripping drama in the shape of the Australian series Echoes. Starring Michelle Monaghan as twins Gina and Leni, the 10-part show has soared to the top of the most watched list. Express.co.uk has spoken to one of Echoes' stars about the future of the popular drama. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Echoes. Echoes is the shocking mystery thriller in which twins Gina and Leni (played by Michelle Monaghan) have a dangerous secret they've been keeping for most of their lives. Ever since they were little, Gina and Leni have been regularly swapping lives and have continued to do so as adults. So now the twins share two husbands, two homes and even a child together, unbeknown to their loved ones. Their seemingly perfect plan starts to come undone though when Leni goes missing and Gina is left wondering what has happened to her sister and what she should do next. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on Echoes was released on Netflix on Friday, August 19, with all seven episodes dropped in one go. So despite being out only for a matter of days, many subscribers have already binge-watched the entirety of the drama. Now, there are calls to know whether or not it will be returning for new episodes. As of writing this article, it does seem unlikely that Echoes is going to make a comeback. Upon its release, Echoes was described as a limited series, which means there are no intentions of bringing it back for another season. However, this isn't always the case as other popular shows like HBO's The White Lotus and Big Little Lies also started off as limited series. Due to the popularity of the first season, they both made comebacks so there could be a chance. Express.co.uk also spoke to Echoes star Aliss Willis, who plays Meg, about the possibility of a second outing. DON'T MISS...Virgin River plot hole: Jack Sheridan family ties open up major error  [PLOT HOLE]Where was Echoes on Netflix filmed? [EXPLAINER]13 Reasons Why creator lands first Netflix drama since teen mystery [CAST] She said: "We don't know that yet [if there will be another series]. "It is a limited series so it's seven episodes but depending on the response we get from the audience, you never know. It might come back." Therefore, it could really depend on how the show performs with Netflix users over the coming weeks. Actress Monaghan has previously explained the difficulties she had with taking on two characters in one show. She told PEOPLE: "It was incredibly challenging. "The prep for both of the characters is really an intense period of really trying to individualise two very different distinct characters and characters that I could drop into very easily back and forth. "And so it was creating characters that felt very unique, with very different energies and body languages and accents and physical looks." Echoes is available to watch on Netflix.