Richard Madeley told Good Morning Britain viewers he would be taking a break from his presenting duties on Wednesday as he co-hosted the ITV show with Charlotte Hawkins. Richard's brief admission came as he discussed how the lawn in his garden was going brown due to the heatwave. "It restricts a bit of the growth," the ITV host when speaking about using soap and water on his lawn. Giving her advice, Charlotte weighed in: "But if anything too greasy, they sort of say, save that for the trees and the more established grubs. "Well, there's like layers of what kind of water you can use depending on where you water." "Thank you, teacher," Richard interrupted. "We have a result as we started doing this last Tuesday. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter  "Tuesday or Wednesday. It's a bit earlier but I'm not on the show for a while, so I thought I'd show you what we've got so far." Richard proceeded to show a video clip of the lawn in his back garden. "So this is my lawn yesterday at about three o'clock," he said. "This is my lawn. Brown, if not browner and crisper than ever.  "There, right in the middle of the screen is the circle that I've been watering every day. "You will see, definitely it's starting to glow with a faint green. "The process has really just started, but if you get up close, you will see that there are absolutely distinct green blades of grass coming up from the roots, which of course is still very much alive underneath." Richard often steps in to co-present GMB, and has become a regular fixture since Susanna Reid announced her break for the summer. DON'T MISS...Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed [CAST]Joan Crawford details ‘frightening’ rat scene with Bette Davis [VIDEO]Emmerdale bosses confirm three well-loved characters are returning [SPOILERS] Susanna usually takes six weeks off over the summer holidays and is expected to return in September. Richard's controversial opinions often spark uproar with viewers on the show, and during Tuesday's show, the host angered viewers when talking about Olivia Newton-John's death. The presenter spoke with Jane Seymour about the Grease star, whose death was announced on Monday night. However, the 66-year-old's line of questioning didn't go down with GMB fans. As Jane recalled the last time she saw Olivia, she told the hosts, that she looked "very ill and frail". Although, Richard replied by admitting he had always “regretted” not having the chance to interview her. "I wish I’d met her, I wish I’d interviewed her - it never happened," Richard told the GMB guest. However, Richard's interview technique angered a lot of viewers, with many asking him to stop talking. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.