Gemma Atkinson, 37, resides in Manchester with her fiance Gorka Márquez, 31, and their young daughter Mia, three. The actress has taken to Instagram to call out some of her followers who have accused her of watering her garden during the hosepipe ban, leaving Gemma to hit out at the "garden police". Gemma regularly shares her daily antics to her 1.8 million followers, but today the actress shared some stern words. She uploaded a short video to Instagram showing her "yellow patched" grass to "to keep the garden police happy". Gemma said: "To keep the garden police happy and the 'you're watering your grass' messages. "Yellow patches there, yellow patches there. Oh what's that over there? Yellow patches. More yellow patches, and over there even more yellow patches." READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps After showing the grass stains on her grass, Gemma then turned the camera to the idyllic fields adjacent to her garden. She continued: "Also when it rains all the water from that field comes into this garden. "Hence why we took the grass up from here and flagged it cos the grass was holding water. (sic) "So, there you go, you can fully relax knowing I'm not watering my f*****g grass. "Cos I'm sick to death of abuse about watering my f*****g grass!" Five water companies around the UK have so far announced bans following the driest start of the year since 1976. These include Southern Water, South East Water, Welsh Water and Manx Water, with the rule possibly leading to prosecution and a court fine of up to £1,000. In other news, Gemma was one of the many stars to pay tribute to the late Olivia Newton-John after she passed away Monday following a battle with breast cancer. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] Wildlife SOS' Simon Cowell receives terminal cancer diagnosis [HEALTH] Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases rock hard abs in gym gear at boot camp [PICS] She wrote: "What a woman. I had the pleasure of joining Olivia in China for a week in 2008 on her 'Great Walk to Beijing. "She wanted to raise funds to build the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Centre in Melbourne. "She was every bit as kind & as wonderful as you'd imagine. RIP Olivia Newton-John." Gemma also shared a snap of Olivia when she played the iconic Sandy in 1978's Grease. She wrote over the photo: "And I always wanted to be Sandy." John Travolta also paid tribute to his "dearest" friend and Grease co-star. He wrote on Instagram: "My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. "Your impact was incredible. I love you so much. We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. "Yours from the first moment I saw you and forever! Your Danny, your John!"