French President Emmanuel Macron has found himself in a war of words with UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. After she said that "the jury is out" on whether he is a "friend or foe" to Britain, Mr Macron responded on Friday. He said he "wouldn’t hesitate for a second" if asked about UK-French relations, adding: "France is a friend of the British people.” Mr Macron then added that the UK remained “a friendly nation” and strong ally “regardless of its leaders, and sometimes in spite of its leaders and whatever little mistakes they may make in a speech from a soapbox.” The French President has repeatedly clashed with the UK over a number of issues, including refugees crossing the English Channel and Brexit. While he was a critic of the UK's decision to leave the EU, Mr Macron came up with a new plan for Europe that would include the UK. In May, he suggested that a new type of “political European community” be created to allow countries like the UK to integrate with Europe without being members of the EU. He also said that Ukraine could benefit from this while it isn't a member of the EU. While this plan was met with enthusiasm in Germany, Brexiteers in the UK were less eager. Former Brexit minister David Jones claimed the idea could make the UK a "satellite of Brussels." He told MailOnline at the time: "People didn’t vote to leave only to be stuck in the orbit of a sclerotic European Union. "We are a nation with a global outlook, not a satellite of Brussels." Mr Jones added that this plan would be "received very badly in the UK". Andrew Bridgen, a Tory MP and fellow Brexiteer, argued that NATO already allows the UK to work closely with international partners. READ MORE: Macron's forced to make embarrassing U-turn to cut Russian energy He said: "We are already members of another organisation that has guaranteed the security of European democracy for the last 70 years. "It’s called NATO and we are a major participant in it. France at times, not so much." Mark Francois, the chair of the European Research Group, also said: "The British people have not spent years wrenching themselves free of the overbearing EU, only to rejoin it, at the behest of President Macron. "His recent pandering to Vladimir Putin may also explain why the countries of Eastern Europe don’t favour his plans for an aggrandised EU either." DON'T MISS 'Pay with your liberty' Macron gives chilling ultimatum to French [INSIGHT] Brexit: Truss told to scrap Sunak’s ‘global tax stitch-up’ [ANALYSIS] Ferrari has Coffey squirming over stark France energy cap gap [INSIGHT] Not everyone was as critical, however. Telegraph columnist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard wrote a column at the time saying a new European community could be the "perfect home" for the UK. He added: "President Macron seems to be proposing the very relationship with Europe that middle Britain has long sought, whether moderate Remainers or moderate Brexiteers - and the line between them is an artifice of post-Referendum polemics." Charles Grant from the Centre for European Reform also said that Mr Macron's idea has the backing of the President of the European Council, Charles Michel. The expert added: “The move is highly significant. There is a strong desire for a rapprochement with the UK, and they might even be willing to rewrite the Protocol, if there is a different prime minister. Relations with Boris Johnson are now too toxic."