Former Conservative MP Ann Widdecombe was invited onto Sunday's instalment of Darren Grimes' GB News programme Real Britain. The 74-year-old gave her view on what the Tories should stand up for in the lead-up to the leadership election. She claimed the party has been "overtaken by woke culture" in recent years. Widdecombe famously left the Conservative Party over the "complete betrayal" of the referendum result with Theresa May in 2016. She told GB News viewers: "What I want to see from the Conservatives is a devotion to freedom. "[I want to see] the end of the cancel culture. That is what I want to see, that is what I consider to be one of the most important issues. "But all the arguments are about taxes - now that is important but I think there are other things which are important as well and none more so than freedom." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos Grimes replied: "Absolutely, the conversations have been very much centred around pound and pence and not perhaps on the values of the Conservative Party and what it actually stands for.  She continued by telling viewers people should be able to say anything they like freely without fear of being cancelled. "That was fundamental to the Conservative Party which I belonged to," she stressed. "I faithfully served it for 55 years." Widdecombe sensationally quit the Conservative Party in 2019 over the way Britain's exit from the European Union was handled. She was elected as a Member of the European Parliament for the Brexit Party in May 2019 in the European elections. DON'T MISS...GB News: Sturgeon IndyRef2 bid torn to shreds by former Tory minister  [INTERVIEW]GB News: Ann Widdecombe claims Tory Party is now 'unrecognisable' [UPDATE]'Bewitched and besotted' Harry told to steer clear of politics [LATEST] Widdecombe later said the Conservative Party needs to be robust as do institutions and the general public. "They appear to have been completely overtaken by the woke culture," she fumed. "There should be a much sharper recognition that a lot of the trouble is caused by few people and it seems to be only one keyboard warrior to put everyone into a spin." When asked whether she would back Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak as the next Prime Minister, she said Truss had better policies on taxes.  "However, I cannot believe the way she has ignored freedom," Widdecombe added. Sunak and Truss are battling it out to become the country's next leader following Boris Johnson's resignation. The winner of the leadership race is set to be announced on September 5 after the ballot of party members closes on September 2. Real Britain airs on GB News on Saturdays and Sundays from 2pm. 