Stephen (played by Todd Boyce) has been having some serious financial problems on Coronation Street in recent episodes, with the returning character losing his temper with Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) when he missed out on a business deal which could have seen lots of money in his bank. This all seems to have been happening under his family's nose but in Friday night's instalment of the ITV soap, he struggled to keep a lid on his secret. However, this might not be the full extent of what he's been hiding as someone with the same surname as him seems to be missing a credit card and Stephen could be the reason they don't have it anymore. The episode began with Stephen desperately trying to keep up appearances as he tried to arrange a nice day out for his mother, Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls). Seemingly dealing with a lot of business, he asked Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox), Ken Barlow (William Roache) and Roy Cropper (David Neilson) to help him come up with some ideas. This included taking the stalwart for afternoon tea at one of the hotels owned by Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney), who offered her services when she heard them talking in the bistro. When the mention of putting a deposit down was mentioned by Debbie, Stephen seemed to become uneasy and made his excuses to leave. For the rest of the episode, he was trying to think of ways he could get his hands on some money for the afternoon tea. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets In the café, he made a scene in front of Shona Platt (Julia Goulding) and Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) to make it seem as if the bank was wrong for stating he had no funds in his account. On the phone to the bank, he claimed they had blocked him out of his accounts for no reason and he wanted an explanation. With it looking more and more likely he is penniless, the mysterious character headed home and eventually called the hotel to book the afternoon tea. As he spoke on the phone, he gave all the necessary details and asked: "And how will this appear on the statement? "As the Chariot Square hotel? Fine," he continued, adding further mystery to the plot. "Excellent, are we done?" he asked the person on the other end of the phone but they wanted to get the name of the cardholder. "The name on the card is Gabrielle Reid," Stephen said, with the card he was holding showing the absent character's name on. Since arriving back on the cobbles earlier this year, there has been no mention of a wife from Stephen and no one has asked about her. This could be because Stephen never told his family about his other half and he would have no cause to now either. It could be explained further down the line the Reids found themselves in huge debt in Milan and they needed to find a way out of the rut. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Brooke Vincent impresses celebs with bikini body [PICTURES]Colson Smith weight loss: The 'easy' diet plan Corrie star followed [COMMENT]Katie McGlynn weight loss: TV star lost a stone by eating 'right' food [ANALYSIS] As Gabrielle did her best to come up with solutions, Stephen could have taken a life insurance policy out in her name. Therefore, he could cash in if she died and that's exactly what could have happened as he could have murdered his wife. Disposing of the body, Audrey's son would have then made a run for it with all of his wife's bank cards to ensure he had some money to tie him over. This is when he could have gotten the call from Sarah to return to the cobbles and he would have seen it as his get-out-of-jail-free card. Taking this opportunity, Stephen thought he could stay with his mother for a few weeks before reporting his wife's death. However, the life insurance company could have failed to give him the money as they didn't have officials telling them she was dead. With his plans scuppered, Stephen could have been living off of his wife's credit card for weeks and this is why he would have wanted to know what the afternoon tea booking would have looked like on the account. If the authorities were to pick up on the fact Gabrielle might have been in Manchester, they could follow the lead. Though, if Stephen were to explain he was using the card for business purposes, they could buy his story. Will Stephen get away with killing his wife or will someone close to him discover he has already murdered his spouse? Upon returning to the weeknight serial drama earlier this year, the actor who plays Stephen, Todd, explained his character had a wife. The actor said: "The beauty of his connections is that we have heard him mentioned and the viewers know he is a successful businessman. "He has had companies in Canada and Milan and I have been told that he has been married in the meantime, so it will be interesting to see if she is still around." But could she be six feet under and nowhere to be found? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.