Arsenal loanee Folarin Balogun has become the first player to score in their first three matches for Reims since 1975. The young striker is spending this season in France and has had a fine start in front of goal. Balogun came through the academy at Arsenal and is highly-rated among club staff and supporters. His loan at Middlesbrough in the second half of last season gave him valuable minutes in senior's football. However, he was often played out of position by Chris Wilder. At Reims, he seems to have been given the chance to be the main central striker. Balogun netted in his first two Ligue 1 appearances, including as a substitute on his debut against Marseille. But on Sunday, in his second start, he matched a 47-year-old record. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo Man Utd U-turn, Toney eyed by two, Caicedo latest  Balogun netted an 82nd minute equaliser away at Strasbourg. The England under-21 international stabbed home from close range, though goal line technology was needed to confirm it had crossed the line. The New York-born star has become the first player since Jacques Vergnes in August 1975 to score in their first three games for Reims. It earned his side their first point of the season. Reims have scored just four goals so far this term, with Balogun netting three of them. They sit second bottom in the table, so will need the forward to fire them into some form. Balogun has made 10 appearances for Arsenal in all competitions, scoring two goals in the Europa League. He started the first game of last season away to Brentford due to players missing because of injury and Covid. DON'T MISSArsenal 'not far off Man City' as Arteta urged to make one signingArsenal can sign ideal Zinchenko partner in crime for just £17mGarner’s reaction to Man Utd putting him up for sale as three clubs eye deal  However, Arteta deemed he was in need of a loan away from the club in January. Arteta admitted in March that he perhaps should have allowed Balogun to go out on loan sooner. He said: "I think Folarin is doing what he needed to do. Probably we should have done it a little bit earlier, it is always difficult to time when is the best moment to do that. "But he is having the right exposure, he is playing in a different formation, in a different role with a manager and a club with huge history. You can see how he is developing. "This is giving us information and will give us more detail about what the next best move is to keep developing him. We want him to be part of our future."  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here