The building society has confirmed it will be offering savers two new top of market fixed rate cash ISAs. One of the accounts from the Teachers Building Society is the first New Fixed Rate Cash ISA which pays an interest rate of 2.50 percent tax free /AER fixed until October 17, 2023. The other savings account is the new Fixed Rate Cash ISA which offers a three percent tax free /AER fixed until February 18, 2025 For the Teacher Building Society’s new 2.50 percent cash ISA highlights, savers need to take into account the following: When it comes to the building society’s cash ISA with a three percent interest rate, the following must be known by savers:  David Leek, the commercial director at Teachers Building Society, outlined why the financial institution is choosing to raise rates at this time. Mr Leek explained: “Our new fixed rate cash ISAs provide two top of market interest rates for savers looking for a secure, tax free home for their money. “With rates rising more savers could breach the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA) for the first time, making fixed rate cash ISAs especially attractive to those who have built up savings and could now face paying tax on the interest earned. “Our fixed rate cash ISAs are open to savers of all professions, and we can help with transferring in savings from other providers to make the process smoother. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  “Those who choose Teachers Building Society can also benefit from an additional ‘feel-good factor’, knowing that by saving with us, they are directly supporting our mission to help more teachers buy their first homes.” Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, emphasised that cash ISAs do not usually garner the same interest as other savings accounts. Ms Coles said: “Given that cash ISAs tend to pay lower rates on average then their savings account equivalents, demand for cash ISAs fell through the floor. “They fell by a third in the first year the allowances were introduced, because savers couldn’t see the point.” She added: “However, rising rates mean they’re worth considering again – especially for higher earners. “Even when you factor in the lower rate on a cash ISA, an additional rate taxpayer is better off in a cash ISA from the first pound of savings, while a higher rate taxpayer is better off with an ISA as soon as they have around £34,000 in savings. “Basic rate taxpayers are better off in a savings account right now – but it makes sense to consider the future. “There are three changes that make it more likely that basic rate taxpayer will eventually be better off in a cash ISA.”