  John Cleese, 82, has been vocal in his dislike for the BBC on Twitter, after he walked out of an interview with the broadcaster that he described as “deceptive”. The Monty Python star called out the organisation once more tonight in a scathing tweet.       Two hours ago, John asked: “Could anyone tell me whether the BBC Board of Trustees has anyone on it with creative ability?” John’s followers seemed to agree with the sentiment of the tweet, with David replying: “Mr. Cleese, if you do not know the answer to that after all these years, then no one does. “They all sit there shouting ‘Help, help, I'm being repressed!’” Mark added: “Surely they never have had. Even back in your day with Python they hated something funny and different. Nothing’s changed.” READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning     This isn’t the first time the star has hit out at the broadcaster since his infamous interview. On Friday, the comedian penned: “The key question here for the BBC is this: “Is it our priority to make the best possible programmes for the British public - which in turn means prioritising talent. “Or is it our priority to make sure that an inclusivity quota should be applied to all our creative teams.”       On Wednesday, he also tweeted: “...the BBC now demands that entertainers in their shows reflect diversity, under a fairly rigid quota system. “Is there a danger that the BBC will refuse to broadcast matches starring such a non inclusive team. “Or are they flexible enough to allow exemptions for exceptional talent. He then added: “I suspect they will remain rigid, since their mission statement is now more concerned with social engineering than in producing the best possible programmes for the British public. READ MORE... Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [LATEST] Anne Heche 'rushed to hospital with burns as car crashes into house' [NEWS] Brooklyn Beckham's wife thanks dad for 'having my back' amid struggles [NEWS]       “It's lucky we made Monty Python when we did…” Express.co.uk have contacted the BBC for comment. The series of harsh public statements against the BBC come after John’s negative experience with the organisation in December of last year. He walked out of an interview with BBC World Asia, after alleging the interview was "deceptive" and "dishonest".       The comedian took to social media to publicise his rant about the interview, which caused him to walk off over the line of questioning. At the time, he explained the situation in full, before adding: “I removed my headphones saying that this interview was not what I had agreed to. "So I am formally complaining to the BBC about the deception, dishonesty and tone of this interview. "Karishma had no interest in a discussion with me. She wanted only the role of prosecutor. The BBC needs to train her again." Express.co.uk approached the BBC for comment at the time.   