Ozzy Osbourne, 73, has revealed he was warned he could be left paralysed ahead of major spinal surgery, which ended up leaving him in agony. The Black Sabbath star has given an in depth update on his health, including his Parkinson’s symptoms. Ozzy has suffered nerve damage in his back after a quad bike injury in 2003, which was aggravated by a fall in the bathroom in 2019. One year later, he was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. He has since undergone two operations on his spine in a bid to reduce his pain - but the first one left him in “agony” and he almost needed metal bolts in his neck. “I was told, ‘You’ve got a good chance of being paralysed for the rest of your life’. You just don’t expect the surgeon to be a f***ing butcher,” said Ozzy. But his second operation, in June, was much more successful, as he found a surgeon who “knew how to deal with spinal problems”. “He had to cut nerves and you have to take f****ing nerve-pain pills, but I am getting better,” Ozzy continued. The star, who recently closed the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, also opened up on his mild Parkinson’s symptoms. “I don’t shake at all. My Parkinson’s doctor says, ‘I’ve got to tell you something, I’ve seen all kinds of Parkinson’s but yours is the mildest ever,’” he added to The Sun. In another recent interview, Ozzy admitted he hated having to rest up in bed at home. “I like to see people, you know. That's been the hardest thing of the past three years, because I've been trying to recover from my surgery,” he said. “I’m getting there. It's a slow climb back, you know?" he added to Entertainment Tonight. After the operation, Ozzy posted on Instagram to say it had been a success. "I am now home from the hospital recuperating comfortably,” he wrote. "I am definitely feeling the love and support from all my fans and send everyone a big thank you for their thoughts, prayers and well wishes during my recovery." His wife Sharon, 69, had rushed to his bedside, and later explained to Piers Morgan on TalkTV that Ozzy was now in much less pain. Diagnosed with a form of Parkinson's, enduring a rough ride with Covid and suffering the after effects of the quad biking accident, Sharon hasn't left her husband's side as he fought through it all. “He's walking great, he's got no more pain - he's a pain in my a**e but I don't mind,” she joked. “The last operation fixed all the pain so it's like lifting a huge weight from him.” Sharon went on to share what the star has been doing during his spare time when not in recovery mode. “He's busy doing promotion for his record that's coming out in September,” she revealed. “He really is Iron Man, just like his song, he comes back over and over again.”