Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has admitted that he is hoping for more signings in the final week of the transfer window as the Magpies are set to break their transfer record to sign striker Alexander Isak in a £58m deal from Real Sociedad. The club’s new owners have already brought in Sven Botman, Matt Targett and Nick Pope this summer and Howe has claimed there will be talks regarding further additions. When asked if there were more signings on the way after completing a deal for Isak, Howe made an admission that he wanted further backing in the transfer market. “That’s a difficult question to answer,” Howe said in his press conference. “Naturally from my perspective, yes. But there’s no guarantee, we’ll have to discuss it with the club. “Not completed [Isak deal]. We hope to get it done. Fingers crossed [he can play Sunday against Wolves]. There's no guarantee with these things as it's in other people's hands. But hopefully. "He will probably need to train with us in the next two days to be available to play....we're very keen to see him get involved as quickly as possible. He's had a lot thrown at him for a young player, the experiences he has had have been incredible for someone so young. He's played in Germany at a very young age, Holland and Spain and for some big clubs. Great experiences. JUST IN: Man Utd and Liverpool urged to sign Chelsea starlet after Tuchel chat “The English game will suit his profile. Technically very good and I think he has a host of things going for him. His best years are ahead of him. Naturally with Callum's [Wilson] injury, which we don't think is serious by the way. "We are hopeful Callum will only be out for a couple of weeks. I think we reacted slightly off that, we were always looking for an attacking player but it changed our focus slightly on the type. But we're delighted to hopefully sign Alex.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea could spend £350m in record window with four more signingsWest Ham have Aston Villa hope after Moyes backed in transfer marketWolves 'close door' on Neto as Arsenal to explore two other transfers One player that has been linked with a move away from St James’ Park is Martin Dubravka however, who has been rumoured to join Manchester United as competition for David de Gea but Howe does not expect a deal to materialise. “I don't think he's in talks with Manchester United,” Howe said. “There has been contact between the clubs and those discussions will continue. In terms of a final outcome, I'm reluctant to lose any important players from the group so that will be a decision that is out of my hands.” Newcastle have also been linked with a move for Watford forward Joao Pedro, as a £30m bid has been made according to Sky Sports and the Hornets are considering the proposal.