Manchester United must be in a desperate state if their white knight is Michael Knighton. The ball-juggling Stretford End self-publicist of 33 years ago is at it again with his pie-in-the-sky plan to buy out the Glazers at Old Trafford.  United fans are so eager to see the back of their despised American owners that they will jump into any life raft but those old enough to remember Knighton’s last stab at buying the club must be shaking their heads in despair. Despite the showboating, all the talk then came to nothing as Knighton’s bid to buy the club fell apart and there is nothing whatsoever to suggest this latest tilt has any more chance of succeeding. His reemergence onto the football scene has caused ripples in the UK but it is hardly likely to register over the Pond If United were for sale, which they are not, their price would be around £4bn. With the leveraged debt of the Glazer years to take on too, the new owners would need seriously deep pockets. JUST IN: Chelsea 'could get chance to re-sign Andreas Christensen for free' after Barcelona twist  Knighton is believed to be worth around £5.8m - loose change down the back of the Glazers’ sofa. Knighton talks, in his address to the United faithful, of an unnamed consortium he has supposedly put together to back him and ride the club’s rescue. Yet in the same breath he wishes aloud that Sir Jim Ratcliffe - one of the top 30 richest men in Britain and a United fan - would come forward. If he did the situation might be different. Ratcliffe has invested heavily through Ineos in cycling, Formula One, yacht racing and football in France and Switzerland and had a late dabble at buying Chelsea before Todd Boehly sealed the deal. But Sir Jim would be wise to steer well clear of any involvement in a fantasy offer fronted by someone who became a laughing stock during his chairmanship of Carlisle United. That became a tale of cautionary relegation battles, fan protests and aborted takeover sagas - including one by a penniless curry house waiter - before the club sank into administration. DON'T MISS Everton in talks to sign Serouh Guirassy with second striker target also identified 'Not good enough' Jesse Marsch under fire as Leeds miss out on seventh summer transfer Man Utd have perfect Adrien Rabiot partner they could sign for free 'after Saturday'  Knighton, still smoothly plausible on the surface, insists he only has the best interests of Manchester United at heart. Perhaps he does. There is no doubt United need new owners if they are to lift the cloud that has settled permanently over Old Trafford. But if Knighton is being viewed as the answer to their problems, the biggest football club in the country really is beyond help. 