Just five years ago, 36-year-old Laura Shaw was homeless, self harming and drowning in £4,000 worth of debt. Fast forward to today and she’s paid off her debt thanks to her side hustle where she works an additional two hours a week on top of her full time job. lthough money doesn’t buy happiness it certainly has a part to play as Laura knows only too well. Back in 2017 Laura found herself homeless, struggling to make ends meet and £4,000 in debt. Since then her life has turned a corner and she’s taken on a full time marketing role as well as starting her own Avon business - on top of being mum to her 10-year-old daughter. It earns her £230 a month for two hours extra work a week - something others could benefit from right now. READ MORE: NatWest scam alert: Fraudsters pretend to be from bank or HMRC She told Express.co.uk: “I heard about Avon through a friend, who pointed out how affordable and what great quality the products were. “When I took a closer look and learned about the earnings opportunity, I was sold! “I’ve always been one of those people who loves to shop for things that don’t cost an arm and a leg, so it suited me down to the ground. “Prior to this, I had been in a dark period for quite a while.” DON'T MISSUK recession warning: Britons urged to 'put money aside' [WARNING]State pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING] Laura explained: “I was homeless, self-harming, and in an abusive relationship after my divorce, so I was desperate to regain the confidence that was lost during this time. “My Avon business gave me the motivation to believe in myself and succeed – whether it be through meeting new people, learning new skills, or having a constant support group around me – I finally feel like I’m living my life again.” “I’ve been running my business for three and a half years now. “For the first two years, I earned up to £800 a month." READ MORE: 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August This extra money has enabled Laura to get back on her feet and pay off £4,000 worth of debt. She added: “More recently, I’ve worked my Avon business around my hectic schedule and now take home on average £230 per month.” “Five years ago, I was homeless and sleeping on my daughter’s dad's couch after leaving an abusive relationship. “Looking back, I still can’t believe how much Avon has helped me grow my confidence and rebuild my character.”   Laura is keen to dispel the myth that selling Avon products is only for older people. The mum explained: “I definitely want to break the stereotype that Avon reps are typically older women that knock on everyone’s door – it’s such an outdated opinion! “I do have some customers who prefer to shop with me face-to-face with a printed brochure, but I also have lots who prefer an online experience, shopping either through my unique store link or my digital brochure. “The best advice I would give is to give it a shot. “People may think that you need to execute a certain number of sales to earn anything, but that’s just not true – you earn from your first £1 of sales! “If you only have five minutes a day, then that’s absolutely fine. With bills rising, this is the time to do it!”