Sky News host Anna Jones challenged the Attorney-General on a recent article in which she condemned diversity training as "witch trials." Suella Braverman propped her leadership campaign on battling "woke" policies causing division across the country before being forced out of the race for Number 10. Ms Jones however questioned whether the time was right to focus on identity politics as the country grapples with a worsening cost of living crisis. Ms Jones said: "You've chosen to write an article in the Mail which is anti-woke. Is it really your biggest priority?" The Attorney-General hit back: "I wouldn't necessarily describe it as anti-woke. "It's against identity politics and the divisive nature of this trend we're seeing in our corporate and public sector." The Sky presenter asked: "Is this the issue of the day? That's why you've chosen it?" JUST IN: Irexit calls surge: 'Friction rising' between EU and Dublin – 'Days of being catspaw over' Ms Braverman said: "No, I don't think it's the biggest issue of the day. "I think the biggest issue of the day is how we support families and businesses with the cost of living. "And that's why that's been the priority of this campaign for the leader of the party. How do we take a muscular stance against Vladimir Putin. "It's about how we deliver public services." READ MORE: Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans ‘Can’t do that!’  Ms Braverman, who threw her support behind Liz Truss after being excluded from the leadership contest, also said the Foreign Secretary would review whether the Bank of England's current arrangements are "fit for purpose" if she becomes prime minister. She said: "Interest rates should have been raised a long time ago and the Bank of England has been too slow in this regard." "Liz Truss has made clear that she wants to review the mandate that the Bank of England has, so that's going to be looking in detail at exactly what the Bank of England does and see whether it's actually fit for purpose in terms of its entire exclusionary independence over interest rates." Ms Braverman rejected criticism that Ms Truss's tax-cutting plans would further drive up inflation. She said: "People say 'we can't afford to cut taxes', Liz thinks - and I agree with her - that we can't afford not to cut taxes." DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT] But a supporter of Rishi Sunak warned that Ms Truss's plans for the economy and public finances were "dangerous". The chairman of the Commons Treasury Committee Mel Stride told the BBC: "What we must do now is avoid stoking the inflation and making the problem even worse. "One of the ways you can make the problem very significantly worse is by coming forward with large-scale, tens of billions of pounds' worth, of unfunded tax cuts." He added: "The big decision, fiscally, here is around tax. You have to do it in a measured way and at the right time but not start coming forward with tens of billions of unfunded tax cuts right now. "I think that would be really quite dangerous."