Unsurprisingly, the popular BBC show Call the Midwife features plenty of newborn babies and has up to 60 to 70 babies on set per season. The authenticity of having real babies on set helps the storylines to run smoothly, more believable and give the cast a boost of serotonin when acting with them. In a recent interview, Stephen McGann opened up about the tricky hurdles they face when handling the babies. The show is never short of new parents offering for their newborns to appear in the BBC series and has left the cast with plenty of experience when holding them. Recently speaking at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival, Shelagh Turner actress Laura Main opened up about her experience with the babies. "I don't want to give anything away about Christmas.. but basically, I saw my hands on the monitor the other day, and I said, 'I can't believe that is me'. "And it was just my hands, but it was because it was a real baby again! Before, somebody would have been dressed as me, but this time it was me. READ MORE: ‘No!' Naga Munchetty mortified after BBC Breakfast blunder "It took me by surprise because of that confidence, with ten years of experience. They make the babies look wet, but you can't keep drenching them in water, so they are oiled!" Interrupting her explanation, Stephen exclaimed: "Here is a slippery baby! They know I am soppy because I love a baby. "I am one of those blokes, I couldn't pick a baby up in the early years of my life and then I had a child. "And then they look at me sometimes, the nurses and the midwifery peoples and are like 'oh just give him the baby', the mums are eyeing me up still!" Show writer and creator Heidi Thomas added: "When I created the series, obviously we are married, and we have been for years. "He never ever ever ever, in all this time, commented on his storyline, that he didn't like it or wanted more, the only thing he has ever said to me is 'I haven't held a baby in ages'." Stephen continued: "I held a baby last week, and I was like 'yay!'. One of my favourite ones just before the pandemic started. "Babies, as you suggested, do very unpredictable things, and a baby will come out of a mummy's tummy in many ways but very rarely asleep. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife’s Dr Turner star on finding wife in tears  [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife boss on rejection of BBC series  [LATEST]Call the Midwife’s Dr Turner star opens up about biggest complaint [WATCH] "Sometimes the babies are so comfortable they are fast asleep, and because they are babies, you can't wake them up. "Then everyone is around them like men around a motor engine, and they won't wake up. But my favourite one. "Very close just as they wind down to tape, just as they count down three, two, one, and the baby just lets his bowls loose just as I was meant to do a really long speech, and then smiles up at me." Show producer Ann Tricklebank also opened up about the number of babies they have come through the show. She told Radio Times: "Lots of eager parents contact us and say, 'We are having a baby, would you like it on the show?' "But the reality is that we need our newborns at very specific times due to the filming schedule, and so we get most of our babies through a specialist talent agency. "We use babies up to about eight weeks old, and sometimes we have special demands, for example, with regard to ethnicity. "Or perhaps if we're covering a premature birth, we will need a tiny baby." Call The Midwife series 1-11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.