The GB News host claimed at the heart of the ongoing cost of living crisis were energy companies. Mr Steward also claimed that energy regulators only seemed capable of setting a price cap, and nothing more beyond that. The British journalist explained that ordinary citizens were now faced with no other option but to switch off their energy and cut back on it when they could. Experts have been warning Britons of the worsening of the energy crisis this winter, and many have been calling for the Government to act now before it's too late.  Mr Stewart told GB News: "At the heart of the cost of living crisis is the behaviour of the energy companies themselves and who if anyone can get them to face up to the crisis that their prices are causing for ordinary people and businesses. "Now, they say themselves that they're victims of spiralling global prices, brought on by rising demand and falling supply. "Not least because of the war in Ukraine and sanctions against Russia, fair enough, they also face the highest tax rates of any business in the United Kingdom. "With a windfall tax on top of corporation tax and yet the profits flood in, the regulators seem incapable of doing anything beyond setting a price cap which little or nothing to dent those profits. JUST IN: Ukrainian wheat preparing for shipment to Africa along long-awaited grain corridor      Mr Stewart added: "Ministers summon the bosses to meetings at Number 10, well they get a bit cross but that seems about it. "And we consumers have very few options beyond switching off when we can and cutting back generally. "There may be a choice of suppliers but many of them have now gone broke and there is little or no price competition anymore. "Now the newspapers today are talking of a price freeze, proposed by Labour and one of the energy companies, and further bailouts from the Government. "Both seem to be picking plaster solutions."  READ MORE: Putin's gravy train to be derailed TODAY... but now EU fury erupts over fresh crisis      Mr Stewart is not the only commentator slamming the British Government for its lack of action in tackling the energy crisis. Many experts have been warning of the looming threat which could cause poverty for many in the UK this winter if they don't act now. Energy bills are expected to reach £4,200 this winter for British households, a price many cannot pay. Leader of the Labour Party, Sir Keir Starmer laid out his energy plan to freeze the price cap. DON’T MISS: 'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood- US steps toward 'annihilation'[INSIGHT] Nuclear horror: Timeline set for Russia to 'launch strike' if Putin feels like he's losing [REVEAL] Ukraine: Putin rocked by 'multiple' explosions at Russian base - beachgoers stunned [SPOTLIGHT]      Sir Keir Starmer said: “Britain’s cost of living crisis is getting worse, leaving people scared about how they’ll get through the winter. “Labour’s plan to save households £1,000 this winter and invest in sustainable British energy to bring bills down in the long-term is a direct response to the national economic emergency that is leaving families fearing for the future. “We’ve had 12 years of Tory government that has failed to prepare and refused to invest, leaving bills higher and our country less secure. “This is a national emergency. It needs strong leadership and urgent action. “Labour’s fully-funded plan would fix the problems immediately and for the future – helping people get through the winter while providing the foundations for a stronger, more secure economy. “Only Labour can give Britain the fresh start it needs.”  READ NEXT