Royal fashion expert Miranda Holder went viral on TikTok earlier this week after she posted a video demonstrating how Kate Middleton always looks flawless in photos. The Duchess’ top tip? Holding her jaw in the perfect position – not too low as to show a double chin and not too high as to show her nostrils. But there are more tricks up Kate’s sleeve, according to Miranda. The fashion expert told Express.co.uk that there is more to Kate’s photogenic secrets than jutting her chin out in the right place. She explained: “The Duchess of Cambridge always looks stunning in photographs, but this is not just down to her natural good looks and slender figure. “Kate has received extensive media training, which commenced when she started dating Prince William at St Andrew’s University. “During her training, Kate learned how to navigate tricky encounters with the press, and how to tread that delicate line between her personal life and public persona. READ MORE: 'Clever' Lady Louise poised to make life-changing decision “She was educated in how to deal with persistent paparazzi, and answer probing questions with grace, and we see the evidence of this at each royal appointment she attends. “Kate has won the hearts of her public through her genuine warmth, relatability and deportment, and has become the perfect future Queen.” Miranda went on to reveal how Kate has been advised on “how to pose for photographs” – advice she has carried with her over the years as a member of the Royal Family. The fashion expert said: “Besides keeping her jaw parallel to the ground to avoid any unflattering headshots, other tips would have included maintaining good posture, keeping her shoulders relaxed and down and crucial hand placement to ensure favourable images every time. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's go-to heels - hidden meaning behind 'trusted' shoes [INSIGHT]All the Royal Family's sapphire engagement rings - including Eugenie's [ANALYSIS]Sporty Kate! Best pictures of Duchess as she takes to the seas [PICTURES] “The Duchess is also proficient in the secret language of the handbag, which the royal ladies use to communicate to their aides when conversations are ending or require assistance.” Kate’s clothes also help her to look her best in photos. Miranda continued: “Kate’s wardrobe, which has been honed with precision in collaboration with her stylist and friend Natasha Archer, has also assisted in cementing her much admired personal brand. “She has developed a signature style, using block colours, modest silhouettes, and monochrome teamed with an exquisite collection of neutral toned court shoes, all of which contribute to her stylish elegant image.” The Duchess knows what colours and designs look best on her thanks to years of practice and help from her stylist. Miranda said: “Kate best suits colours from the autumnal colour palette and tends to mainly favour these flattering shades along with other bright jewel tones, which perfectly compliment her glossy mane of mahogany brown hair. “She tends to avoid pale pastels and dusky pinks, which would make her appear washed out. “The silhouettes she chooses, besides meeting the demure etiquette guidelines befitting a member of the Firm, are ideal for her willowy shape, adding just enough curve and volume to create a soft and feminine look.”  As for make-up, Miranda added that “the Duchess prefers to do her own make-up, even on her wedding day”. “But she underwent extensive lessons with a pro, to understand how to achieve a classic but sophisticated appearance, which also adds to the overall effect,” the fashion expert said. “She favours warm brown eye shadows, a nude lip and a natural, glowing foundation, leaving her looking radiant without being overdone.” Kate is often seen wearing lashings of mascara and a subtle lip, as well as coloured-in brows.