The former Keane frontman spoke to the Good Morning Britain hosts Adil Ray and Charlotte Hawkins about the album set to be released this weekend. However, Tom Chaplin’s appearance left viewers stumped. Introducing the guest, Charlotte told viewers at the height of his fame Tom had sold over 13 million records and had won numerous awards. Adil then played a snippet of a song off of Tom’s new album, which he wrote during lockdown, before speaking to the artist. A big fan of the singer, Charlotte joked she’d try not to fangirl too much or be embarrassing. However, Adil complimented his new look saying: “He looks incredible! Look at that hair.” Tom was donning silver hair which had been pushed back into a small quiff and was clean-shaven as he spoke to the two hosts. Although his hair may have changed from his brown floppy locks fans remember, viewers were left stumped at his youthful appearance. It wasn’t long before people watching the ITV show took to Twitter to share their thoughts on Tom’s look. Sue posted: “Not a wrinkle on his face #gmb.” “God Bless Tom Chaplin, beautiful voice and sexy haircut Xxx #Keane #GMB,” Sally Price tweeted. Clare P shared: “Tom Chaplin is looking good #goodmorningbritain.” Matt Tea Talk tweeted: “How great does #tomchaplin look @tomchaplin @GMB. “What a lovely guy always remember serving Tom & the Band #keane back in the day in on Virgin Atlantic when I was an international Flight attendant in Upper Class my first Celebs of many. GR8 stuff tom you’ve done good.” Elsewhere in the interview, Adil and Charlotte touched on his former substance abuse which he struggled with eight years ago. Adil said: “You’ve been through really dark moments in your life, looking back at that now, you were addicted to drugs you thought you were going to lose your life. “Looking back, do you recognise yourself from that time ago?” He said: “I do recognise myself, I think that’s part of the thing is that you’ve got to see that that is you and accept that that’s you.” Tom admitted being a former addict makes him part of who he is. He said: “It’s part of who's made me who I am. “I think it forced me to look at myself in a much deeper way than I ever would have done otherwise.” In the interview, Tom also reassured viewers that despite releasing a solo album he doubts it will be the end of Keane. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.