Last week, Coronation Street restaurant owner Yasmeen Nazir's (played by Shelley King) world fell apart when Stu Carpenter (Bill Fellows) came clean about his dark past. Yasmeen discovered that Stu killed a woman 27 years ago and was left totally heartbroken by his lies. Despite protesting his innocence, claiming the police abused him for hours, the chef ended up getting arrested when a row broke out at Yasmeen's house. However, in official spoilers released from ITV, Yasmeen is set to have a change of heart when Zeedan (Qasim Akhtar) and Alya (Sair Khan) uncover some interesting evidence. The siblings are sorting through some case files when they come across Stu's interview tapes from when he was arrested. However, solicitor Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) is quick to point out that Stu was questioned by police for over 10 hours which is against the rules. In a bizarre turn of events, they also discover that one of the police tapes is missing. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation Alya visits Stu in prison, but they’re soon interrupted by the arrival of Yasmeen. With Alya gone, Stu tells Yasmeen the whole story of his affair with Charlie, so that she understands what really happened. After Yasmeen convinces Stu to speak with a solicitor, he later confirms that Stu was coerced into making a confession to the police. Yasmeen soon realises that Stu is telling the true and so, Alya convinces her to let her love interest move back in. As Stu heads out of the prison gates, he’s shocked to find Yasmeen waiting for him. In Victoria Garden, Yasmeen tells Stu that she believes he’s innocent. However, when the chef arrives back on the street, not everyone is happy to see him moving in with Yasmeen. Although, the Speed Daal owner jumps to Stu's defence and protests his innocence. DON'T MISS...Sam Heughan in sweet tribute to Outlander co-stars ‘Whole gang' [INSIGHT]Martin Roberts stunned as buyer wishes 'mouldy' and house was worse [VIDEO]Emmerdale fans 'work' out Naomi Walters' link to Meena [REACTION] Tim (Joe Duttine) warns Stu to stay away from Yasmeen, but Kelly (Millie Gibson) confirms that he’s back living at No.6 and Yasmeen is helping him to clear his name. Tim and Elaine (Paula Wilcox) beg Yasmeen to think twice about helping Stu. At No.6, Stu offers to pack his bags and leave, but Yasmeen points out that running away will only make him look guilty. Yasmeen is hellbent on proving Stu's innocence, but far will she go to do it? Will Yasmeen end up finding the missing police tape that will prove Stu didn't kill Charlie? In doing so, it could also expose the real killer. But is the culprit closer to Yasmeen than she realises? The real murder suspect could be a resident living close by to Stu and Yasmeen. Throughout the past week, Corrie fans have also come up with their own theories about Stu. Many seem to think newcomer Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) may be connected to the crime, and that he was the one who killed Charlie. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.