Manchester United have abandoned their pursuit of Marko Arnautovic, believing Bologna’s asking price is too high and knowing fans have responded negatively with speculation linking the forward with a move to the club. Now, it’s looking increasingly likely the Red Devils will move on to Cody Gakpo - with interest in the Netherlands international registered on Tuesday. And, if he does move to Old Trafford, the 23-year-old will follow in the footsteps of Memphis Depay by moving between the two clubs. Manchester United had been eyeing Arnautovic to provide competition for the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial up top. Though he’s previously spent three years playing in the Chinese Super League, the veteran showed he’s still got his goalscoring touch by notching 14 goals from 33 Serie A matches last term. Now, though, United won’t be bringing the former West Ham and Stoke star to Old Trafford. The Red Devils believe Bologna’s asking price to be unrealistic, with the Serie A giants asking for as much money as possible. And United are also aware of a backlash when it comes to the 33-year-old, with many supporters unhappy due to his chequered past and combative reputation. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative On Tuesday, shortly before news of United abandoning their pursuit of Arnautovic broke, it emerged the club had registered an interest in Gakpo. It’s easy to see why, with the 23-year-old netting 12 goals and clocking up 13 assists from 27 Eredivisie appearances last term. And it now seems like the club are hoping to make him the next Dutch winger to play for the club after Depay. Back in 2015, the Red Devils thought they were onto a winner when they lured the forward to Old Trafford from PSV. Depay was hot property at the time having established himself as one of world football’s brightest prospects during his time at Eindhoven. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join The forward, who plays for Barcelona in La Liga these days, scored 22 goals and registered five assists from 30 league appearances prior to his departure. Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain both eyed the 28-year-old but, with Louis van Gaal in charge, United won the race instead. They will, however, be hoping Gakpo can succeed where Depay failed - if he does indeed end up making the move to the Premier League. Depay struggled during his first season at United and was left out of the squad for the FA Cup final win over Crystal Palace in 2016. And he was then offloaded by Jose Mourinho, with the Portuguese flogging the winger to Lyon. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United have had other Dutch forwards on their books over the years. Ruud van Nistelrooy and Robin van Persie were both undisputed hits but, unlike Gakpo, played down the middle rather than on the wings. And whether they’re able to bring in the PSV star, amid talk he’ll cost in the region of £35million, is something only time will tell. Speaking to GiveMeSport recently, meanwhile, journalist Dean Jones opened up on Gekpo. And he claimed the Red Devils believe his signing would be easier than that of Antony, with Ajax looking for £80m to let the Brazil international go. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Gakpo is one that they do actually like, and Ten Hag really rates him,” he said. “There is a feeling that he’s more gettable than Antony.” United also want another Dutch player in Frenkie de Jong. But a deal for the Barcelona star remains up in the air, with the midfielder preferring to stay at the Nou Camp rather than jump ship. Chelsea are also in the picture to land the 25-year-old and can offer him Champions League football, something United can't after their sixth-placed Premier League finish last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here