Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his time-travelling wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) once again fought for their lives on Fraser’s Ridge in the latest season of Outlander. As the cast prepares for the seventh season of the epic Starz drama, the show’s leading man has dropped some worrying hints for his character’s future. Scottish star Sam has revealed he often speculates about how his time as the romantic Highlander could come to an end. As the series continues, the Frasers are well into middle-age after settling on Fraser’s in North Carolina. With just a few books in Diana Gabaldon’s bestselling series still to adapt, it may not be long before fans have to say a tearful farewell to some major characters. “I think about his mortality,” Sam admitted. “I think Jamie thinks about that a lot more now.” READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold “Again, he’s not worried about dying, but I think it’s the consequences of dying.” Jamie’s death has been a possibility from the very beginning of Outlander when his ghost appears watching Claire in her original timeline. Once she steps through the magical stones of Craigh Na Dun, Claire has the power to completely change the course of world history as she and her husband become increasingly more influential. Unfortunately, this has put the Frasers in danger from an immeasurable number of historic threats and could bring their romance to a tragic conclusion. Sam speculated to GoldDerby: “We talk about Jamie’s nine lives… I think he’s had about seven or six of them. “Each time it costs him more, you know? It’s an interesting one because I think it’s in the scripts but I think it’s [also] in Diana’s books.” Now with just one book left in the original series to go, Diana’s novels have encompassed the Frasers’ lives from their younger years all the way into old age. Although fans are hoping the Starz series eventually adapts all 10 books in the series, Outlander’s small screen adaptation may have to be cut short, potentially bringing Jamie’s imminent death ever closer. DON'T MISS:Anne Hegerty addresses possibility of new Chasers 'Hope not!' [EXCLUSIVE]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon announces next project [LATEST]P-Valley’s Mercedes star shares struggles away from Starz drama [INTERVIEW] “I’m not saying anything here, but I’m saying, ‘Look, he’s living these lives and he keeps losing them and surviving’,” Sam continued. “There’s got to be a point, right? “I’m questioning this myself. Does he… can he keep going like this? I don’t know. “He keeps talking about it, Jamie. I always feel like he knows. He’s not afraid of death, and he’s seen it a number of times. Although Sam maintains his character is comfortable with the idea of dying, as the world gets more dangerous Jamie is becoming increasingly aware of his limited time on Earth. “I think he might even see the signs around him where he’s like, ‘Hmm. These things keep happening. It can’t be much longer.’” Jamie and Claire have survived at least nine of Diana’s novels so, hopefully, viewers don’t have to worry about the Frasers kicking the bucket next season. Even so, Starz’s Outlander series has already made some significant departures from the novels, and the writers may decide the Frasers need to be put to rest. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.