A legendary moment in Hollywood cinema starring Joan Crawford and Bette Davis, where Joan's character reacts to a dead rat being served to her, genuinely scared the actress at the time. However, the natural reaction seen on camera almost never came to pass, as she discussed on an episode of BBC's Talking Pictures. In the film What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? Joan's character reacts hysterically when a dead rat is served under a silver tureen. The evil trick is made by Bette's character Baby Jane Hudson, but the reaction from Joan was as real as you can get. In an unearthed interview for BBC's Talking Pictures the star revealed she understandably did not want to work with dead creatures. This approach from Hollywood Hall of Famer Joan, meant her stunned scream was genuine. Read More: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter In an interview on Film Profile in 1967, Crawford discussed her role in the 1962 psychological thriller. When asked by the host of the show how scared she was when she lifted up the tureen cover, she replied: "More frightened than you." The Oscar winner continued: "I refused to work with anything but an empty plate and when I knew the cameras were ready then I said you can bring it on." She added: "But, something went wrong technically with the camera and I said, 'Don't take the lid off, leave it, take it away.'"  The star described how this method produced the natural reaction of her character Blanche. In the scene, her character looks nervous and fearfully approaches the silver tray and timidly opens the lid. Revealed under the tray is a dead rat, which leads to the contents being thrown across the table by a petrified Blanche. Joan went on to explain her approach to filming the scene in more detail. DON'T MISS...  Kim Novak admits feeling 'so insecure' over 'frightening' appearance [INSIGHT]Joan Crawford shuts down interviewer in probe over Bette Davis feud' [ARTICLE]You have to press on' Lauren Bacall on life after Humphrey Bogart' [INTERVIEW]  "I think if you rehearse with the actual rodent and of course, there's a dead bird too, it's too much - it's awful," she declared. The Hollywood legend also reflected on how much she cherished her role as an actor. She revealed: "It's wonderful doing those scenes, you want to bring the audience with you - so close to you, you want to put them in your lap, in the palm of your hands." "It's very exciting when you go to the theatre and find that you've done it in a couple of scenes," Joan concluded. The episode of Talking Pictures dived into the intense rivalry between Joan and fellow icon Bette Davis - who collected the award for Best Actress in the movie. During the special edition of the programme - affairs, disputes over acting and how they got to the top, are all reported as reasons why the pair did not see eye-to-eye. Joan won a solitary Oscar for Best Actress for her performance in Mildred Pierce - the first time she was nominated for the award. Talking Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.