Diana Theodore, 72, was discovered under her own bed in the early hours of Saturday morning at her house in Morne Sion, Choiseul, on the island of St Lucia. Local police said they are now investigating the alleged murder. The mother of one – who moved to the Caribbean more than 30 years ago – was discovered after being reported missing by a friend who lived with her. A neighbour said: “He came to us and said he had not seen her, so we all went in search of her but did not find her. “We all went looking to try to find her as she is always at home. It is not like her not to be seen in this small village. “She was friendly and has been living in Morne Sion for many years now.” Another resident told the Mail: “She was a very nice person, every time you see her, she would be smiling, her teeth always out. “Everybody is just in shock and very sad because she is such a nice lady and did not deserve this at all. Things like that don't occur in Choiseul.” According to reports, Ms Theodore was uncovered following a search of her home, and was said to have a laceration to her head. The local police said in a statement: “About 12am, August 6, 2022, officers attached to the Choiseul Police Station were summoned to a residence at Morne Sion, Choiseul, following the discovery of an unresponsive female therein.” It added that a medical official had pronounced her dead. Ms Theodore was a long-term member and former councillor of the Saint Lucia National Trust, an environmental and cultural conservation organisation. In a statement posted on social media on Saturday, it described the news as “very sad” and Ms Theodore’s death as “tragic” and “untimely”. It continued: “Diana was a passionate and vocal advocate for Saint Lucia’s natural and cultural heritage. “She was a long-term member of the Trust who also served on Council and regularly contributed her ideas, concerns and advice in areas of conservation and community interest. “Her death is a great loss and Diana will be sorely missed.”