Manchester United want to sign Frenkie de Jong. But, after their 2-1 defeat to Brighton at Old Trafford on Sunday, a deal that would see the 25-year-old arrive looks unlikelier than ever. After all, just why would the Netherlands international even consider a move to the fallen Premier League giants at the current moment in time? Manchester United went into the game with Brighton hoping to improve, having endured a nightmare campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. But Ten Hag has been given an immediate reality check, with the Red Devils underwhelming as they slipped to a 2-1 defeat. Pascal Gross was the hero for the hosts, with the Brighton midfielder scoring twice in the first half to ensure his side picked up all three points - despite Diogo Dalot netting a second after the interval. Clearly, United need more reinforcements. And there’s no denying De Jong is a necessary acquisition, with the Barcelona star a level above anything Ten Hag currently has at his disposal at Old Trafford. United have agreed a fee with their Catalan counterparts, which is believed to be worth an initial £63million. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But why would De Jong come? If a deal looked unlikely before, it’s starting to look like mission impossible right now. United are a crisis club. Ten Hag has walked into a nightmare at the Red Devils and it’s clear it will take time for them to even remotely begin to resemble the swashbuckling outfit they used to be. They need more than just De Jong to turn their situation around, something that was evident as Brighton dominated proceedings at Old Trafford. A new goalkeeper wouldn’t go amiss. It’s already clear David De Gea may struggle in Ten Hag’s system, with the Spain international’s distribution and shot-stopping poor on the day. They definitely need a right-back, too. Dalot is above Aaron Wan-Bissaka in the pecking order but both players aren’t up to scratch, with the Portuguese putting in an erratic performance as they crashed to defeat. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join The jury remains out on Harry Maguire, too, with the England international failing to show his authority as they missed out on an opening day win. In midfield, major surgery is required. Scott McTominay was a liability throughout the contest, with the Scotland international never recovering after picking up a yellow card. And Fred was equally poor, with the Brazil international the first player to be taken off the field as United chased a route back into the game. On the right wing, Jadon Sancho is still yet to get going in the Premier League. And Marcus Rashford is yet to score a goal from the start in nearly 15 months, in a damning indictment of where he is at. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Then there’s Cristiano Ronaldo, too. The Portugal international wants to leave so he can play in the Champions League again as he enters the twilight years of his career. And, like De Jong, there’s a sense that United just aren’t good enough nor ambitious enough to warrant players of their superstar status. United are, in short, a mess. Ten Hag has admitted he’s got a huge job on his hands and whether they’re now able to bounce back, after such an early setback, remains to be seen. Speaking after the game, meanwhile, the Dutchman slammed his side for their display and admitted he was far from satisfied. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Of course definitely a setback and real disappointment,” he said. “I knew from the start it would not be easy. We gave two easy balls away and it was not good in the organisation. "It is clear to see the second half we were better in midfield with Eriksen down and Ronaldo up. We created and Rashford had two good chances, it is a shame we did not score. "I am not satisfied, totally not. We lost and it was not necessary. We should do better. "We made mistakes on the ball and organisation mistakes in defending. We have to take the lessons and learn quickly from it. "Brighton are a decent team, all the compliments, but I look to my team and we should not give two easy goals away." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here