Gary Lineker has urged Wesley Fofana to stay at Leicester for another season amid interest from Chelsea. Fofana is Chelsea's top defender target for the remainder of the window and is keen on a move to Stamford Bridge. Leicester do not want to sell the Frenchman, who has started their first two Premier League games of the season. If they were to part with him, only an offer north of £80million would be accepted. That would exceed the amount Leicester received from Manchester United for Harry Maguire three years ago. Fofana joined Leicester in 2020 but has missed a large number of games due to injury. Lineker is concerned that the 21-year-old will leave his former club. But he says staying at the King Power for another 12 months would be the best decision for his career. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist  Lineker tweeted: "Fear the worst but hope he finds it within himself to give @LCFC one more season. Signed a new long contract when badly injured. Another year and all the monster clubs will want you @Wesley_Fofanaa." Fofana is claimed to have agreed personal terms with Chelsea. However, he feels Leicester are pricing him out of a move away from the club. The defender clapped his side's supporters on his own following Saturday's 4-2 loss to Arsenal at the Emirates. That sparked speculation that he was saying farewell to the fans. However, Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers saw it differently. He said: "No, I think he was giving the fans a clap. I didn’t see a farewell clap. But you need to write what you need to write. That’s the story." DON'T MISSMan Utd may make last-minute move to seal Ten Hag request as belief emergesMan Utd's XI by end of window if Murtough signs Ten Hag's four targetsEverton may get exactly what they want in agreeing £43m Chelsea bid for Gordon  Ahead of the match, Rodgers reiterated the club's stance that Fofana is not for sale. He is on the same wavelength as Lineker in claiming another year at the King Power Stadium would be beneficial for him. Rodgers said: "We’re not looking to sell. Naturally, if there’s interest from other clubs, that is looked at by the club. "He’s a top young defender, and there are not too many around his age. Another year here for him at least would be really important for his development, but he is quite calm and relaxed in the situation. "He is aware of the interest. He understands where we are as a club and where we see him." 