Louise Redknapp is reportedly back on the dating scene with the help of her friends and family. The 47-year-old singer was married to Jamie, 49, for almost 20 years but the couple called it quits in 2017. Jamie has since moved on and remarried Swedish model Frida Andersson in October last year. The newlyweds welcomed their first child together, son Raphael Anders Redknapp in November. The couple also have six children between them from their former marriages, making them a blended family of nine. It now seems Louise is ready to get back on the market and has enjoyed a few dates arranged by her pals. READ MORE: Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games "Louise has opened herself up to the prospect of finding a new man and has been enjoying some set-ups through friends," a source close to the star told Closer magazine. They added: "She feels better than ever but she knows that she doesn't need a man to be happy." Express.co.uk has contacted Louise Redknapp's representatives for comment. In 2020, Jamie and Frida went public with their romance and announced they were expecting a child together just 10 months later.  They wed shortly before the arrival of their son Raphael, now eight months old. According to reports, Louise was said to be shocked by Jamie's whirlwind romance but the former Eternal bandmate shut down the claims. The mum-of-two was forced to address her "secret despair". Taking to Instagram in December 2021, Louise explained she was in a "positive headspace". DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball breaks down in tears on air over Olivia Newton-John's death[LATEST]Gwyneth Paltrow, 49, strips off to film nude shower video for Goop[PICTURES]John Travolta pens tribute to 'dearest' Olivia Newton-John amid death[TRIBUTES] She wrote: "I try not to read or respond to these things but sometimes they are unavoidable. I’d really love to clarify that 'Louise' is not in despair or anything like it!! "I have my two gorgeous boys that I adore more than anything in the world, the best family around me and I’m having the time of my life with my career and with the most wonderful friends that a girl could hope for. "I’d like to make it clear that I’m in the most positive of headspace and loving my life. Here’s to all the ladies out there that are in control of their lives and living their very best lives!" Louise and Jamie were married for more than two decades, but following her stint on Strictly Come Dancing in 2017 they decided to end their relationship. The couple have two sons together, Charley, 18 and Beau, 13. Speaking about her dating life last year, Louise said her sons were "desperate" for their mum to find a new love interest but the performer said she was too busy. The singer told Fabulous magazine: "On my days off, going out and having a social life is not my priority. "It sounds basic, but I've got two things that are really important to me right now: my kids, because I want to be a solid part of their life, and my work." In a surprising confession about self-love, Louise added: "Right now, that's enough for me, I'm not saying forever. I'm learning to just be OK with myself. I'm loving myself, but I've been OK. I'm getting there."