The Duchess of Sussex turned 41 years old on August 4, with Royal Family members wishing the US-based royal well. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu also wished the Duchess a happy birthday on Twitter, but took the opportunity to fire a broadside at “lies” about Meghan. Dr Shola said: “The lies/stories about her in last 48 hrs evidence how shameless the media is. “Even creating stories out of thin air! British public love it which is why media do it to profit. Such hypocrisy.” It comes as Samantha Markle's legal team claimed they have a "viable" defamation case against Meghan for comments made during her interview with Oprah Winfrey. Newsweek reported Samantha’s teams’ claims that they have "actual proof of the falsity of these statements" made in the interview, as well as information supplied to the authors of the biography ‘Finding Freedom’. Jamie Sasson of the Ticktin Law Group, legal counsel acting for Samantha in her defamation suit, claimed to Newsweek the royal's half-sister had a "viable claim" and intended to persist with the case despite a recent filing by Meghan's lawyers disputing the basis of her complaints. On July 25, Meghan's lawyers filed a reply to their motion for a dismissal of her half-sister's lawsuit. They argued the Duchess could not be sued for defamation over the statement that she "grew up as an only child" during her interview with Ms Winfrey because it was "subjective" and not meant as a statement of "objective fact." They also claim that Meghan cannot be sued over statements made in Finding Freedom because she did not author the work. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry in shock speech Mr Sasson claimed to Newsweek that Samantha’s legal team’s position is “that we still feel confident this is a viable defamation claim and Mrs Markle [Meghan] is attempting to spin this around regarding the Oprah show stating that this is 'subjective' thinking that she was an 'only child' but that is not subjective”. He then said of the legal claims: “Either you're an only child or you're not. "When she went on Oprah and said 'I grew up as an only child' there's only one way to look at that, that she was an only child. "Which then as a result, made the general perception of the public believe that my client was a liar and was making up a story claiming that she was Meghan Markle's sister when, indeed, she truly was and this is what this comes down to." DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: EU sets exact month UK holidaymakers to be forced to PAY Sussex Squad unveils brilliant birthday gift for Meghan Markle Royal POLL: Has Meghan Markle had a positive impact on Royal Family? Recently, Dr Shola noted the Prince of Wales Charitable Foundation (PWCF) allegedly received £1million in donations from Bakr bin Laden, the patriarch of the family, and his half-brother Shafiq. The Sunday Times claimed Prince Charles met Mr bin Laden, 72, privately at Clarence House in London on October 30, 2013. A Clarence House spokeswoman said: "The Prince of Wales’ Charitable Fund has assured us that thorough due diligence was undertaken in accepting this donation. "The decision to accept was taken by the charity’s Trustees alone and any attempt to characterise it otherwise is false." However, Dr Shola compared Charles and Meghan and said: “Meghan Markle would’ve been vilified and abused by British media/public if she or her charity accepted £1m donation from Osama Bin Laden’s family like Prince Charles did. “The haters would demand for her to be divested of every title including wife, mother and Duchess. Hypocrites.” Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, sent well wishes to Meghan on August 4. Posting on their Twitter and Instagram, the Cambridge’s said: “Wishing a happy birthday to The Duchess of Sussex!" On their Clarence House Twitter page, Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, shared a picture of Meghan from the Jubilee celebrations. It was posted with the message “happy birthday to The Duchess of Sussex!”, and was followed by a balloon emoji.