Police scrambled after shots were fired at a house in Norgate Street, Anfield, Liverpool at around 3.25am on Tuesday. A man was found to have leg injuries after he was shot. He was rushed to hospital and his injuries are not thought to be life-threatening  Pictures show the area cordoned off and a forensic officer on the scene. Merseyside Police say two men were seen running away in the direction of Sleepers Hill after the shooting. The incident look place just less than a mile away from Liverpool FC's stadium. Pictures show the front window of a terraced property shattered. Temporary detective chief inspector, Catherine Walsh, from the firearms investigation team, said they believed it was a "targeted attack". She said: "Our officers are in the very early stages of an investigation into a shooting in Walton which has left a man injured.  "We understand the fear that gun crime causes and I’d like to assure the community that we think this was a targeted attack, one which we are thoroughly investigating. "We are currently working tirelessly to locate the suspects and our officers will have a visible presence on Norgate Street today while enquiries are carried out. "It is absolutely vital that we get all information from those communities who feel the impact of gun crime, so we can bring those responsible to justice. "I would therefore appeal to anyone in the Walton area in the early hours of this morning who may have seen anything suspicious to come forward. "If you have any CCTV, ring doorbell or dashcam footage, please check it and let us know if you see anything significant. Any piece of information, however small, could prove vital to our investigation. "Let me be clear that there is no place for firearms, or those who use them and bring fear and harm to our communities. Please, come forward and tell us what you know and we will take action to find those responsible and remove them from our streets." Witnesses are urged to contact with a direct message @MerPolCC, message ‘Merseyside Police Contact Centre’ on Facebook or call 101 with reference 22000557333. They can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.