Naga Munchetty, 47, recently enjoyed some downtime at the golf course as the BBC Breakfast presenter admitted she suffered a "rubbish result". The broadcaster was joined by her husband James Haggar as she shared a rare photo of the married couple together. The star, who tied the knot with husband James Haggar in 2004, was joined by a couple of their pals as she dished on their day out. Taking to Twitter on August 7, Naga shared the photo in view of her 275,000 followers. The BBC Breakfast presenter looked fresh-faced as she beamed at the camera while sporting sunglasses on her head. Her husband James also kept it causal in a blue shirt. READ MORE: Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie She penned: "Ok. This year's series is nearly a whitewash. Must do better @FrilfordHeathGC. Lovely game, lovely company - rubbish result X." Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as they cheekily jibed the presenter. Twitter user, @OComedie penned: "The love of the game, the physical exuberances, the company of others, the fresh air...who cares about the results or winning...mere technical details, Naga!" @KensClarke commented: "Stay positive Naga. We all have a bad patch. For some of us it lasts longer!"  @Robinson tweeted: "We can't win every time I played since I was 17 and I've had my first loss. Naga everyone has a bad game once in a while." "Better luck next time Naga," added @Big Fred. Naga rarely shares insights into her home life with her partner who she describes as her "better half". She told The Guardian in 2016 that "golf" and "being kind to each other" was the key to their relationship. DON'T MISS... Olivia Newton-John's niece in tears over Grease star's final days[LATEST]Robbie Williams talks 'unforgivable' act over wife Ayda Field's move[ADMISSION]Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games[TV] Naga has opened up about her happy marriage, saying: "It [golf] gives us a few hours together when we’re walking and talking and catching up; it really makes a difference. "When James and I got married almost 12 years ago, one of his aunts said to us: the best bit of advice I can give you is to simply be kind to one another. She was right." She added that she and her husband don't have many disagreements, speaking on the Her Spirit podcast: "James and I don't row, and he's a lovely, lovely man, he's definitely the better half." Naga has previously opened up about the couple's decision not to have kids together, explaining she never wanted them. "I remember when I told someone that I had decided I didn't want children, someone told me I was wicked," she said. "Wicked against my mother for denying her grandchildren. It's quite interesting, isn't it, how people react." She added that people don't expect kids from her since she's "past the age now". BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.