Leicester City stunned the sporting world back in 2016 as they claimed the Premier League title against all the odds, but some six years on, the Foxes are rooted to the base of English football's top tier having picked up one solitary point in the opening four games of the current season. Alarmingly, Brendan Rodgers' side have already lost as many matches this term as they did in the whole of their victorious 2015-16 campaign. With that in mind, Express Sport takes a closer look at what happened to Leicester's history-making stars. How Rodgers could do with them right now... An ever-present in goal during the Foxes' incredible run to the title, Schmeichel remained at the club until as recently as this summer. The Danish stopper is now part of Nice's ambitious project over in Ligue 1, France. The right-back in Claudio Ranieri's inspirational side, Simpson remained with Leicester until 2019, when he moved on to Championship outfit Huddersfield following his Foxes release. The 35-year-old is currently without a club having seen his contract with Bristol City mutually terminated back in March of this year. One half of the commanding centre-back partnership which kept 14 clean sheets on the way to Leicester's shock title, the 2016 triumph was actually the second time Huth claimed a Premier League winners' medal having also been part of Chelsea's victorious squad from the 2004-05 season under Jose Mourinho. The German hung up his boots in 2018 and since studied for a masters in sports directorship. Huth's partner in crime in the heart of the Foxes defence, captain Wes Morgan remained with Leicester until his retirement in 2021. The former Jamaican international, who is currently on the Premier League Black Participants' Advisory Group while also studying for a masters degree in sporting directorship, vowed earlier in the year to “break the mould” for people from underrepresented groups in club boardrooms. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo agent makes 'assurance' to Napoli about Osimhen Leicester's ever-dependable left-back during their title winning campaign, Christian Fuchs remained with the Foxes until the summer of 2021, departing after six years upon the expiry of his contract. These days the veteran Austrian plies his trade with recently-founded Charlotte FC over in the United States. Fuchs has netted an impressive three goals in 24 impressive from left-back in his - and his team's - inaugural Major League Soccer season. Leicester's most-used player during the 2015-16 campaign with 42 appearances in all competitions and all 38 in the Premier League, Marc Albrighton proved himself to be one of the Premier League's best ever bargains having been picked up by the Foxes on a free transfer back in 2014. At 32, the industrious winger remains a loyal Leicester servant and racked up 17 appearances under Rodgers last term. One year after helping Leicester to the Premier League title, Danny Drinkwater was signed by Chelsea for a fee of £35million. However, his career would soon go south. After failing to find his feet at Stamford Bridge, the midfielder was loaned out on four occasions before being released by the Blues this summer shortly after returning from a stint with Reading in the Championship. READ MORE: Tottenham helping Nottingham Forest make 18th signing The surprise star of Leicester's stunning title success, N'Golo Kante went from unknown quantity to one of the Premier League's most revered midfielders during his one season at the King Power. The Frenchman workhorse signed for Chelsea the following summer before subsequently becoming the first player since Eric Cantona in 1993 to win back‑to-back top-flight English titles with two different clubs. Now 31, Kante remains a Stamford Bridge favourite. Another shrewd Leicester signing, who only cost around £450,000, Riyad Mahrez lit up the Premier League with his dazzling displays in the Foxes' title-winning season while scoring a stunning 17 league goals and registering a further 10 assists. The Algerian has won three more Premier League titles since moving to Manchester City in a £60m back in the summer of 2017 and remains a key component in Pep Guardiola's all-conquering side to this day. A tireless worker up-top who played the perfect support role to Jamie Vardy, Shinji Okazaki chipped in with six vital goals in Leicester's title-clinching campaign. Now 36, the forward, who spent a number of seasons in Spain following his Foxes exit, recently joined Belgian outfit Sint-Truidense V.V. where he has linked up with a number of fellow Japanese stars including former Manchester United midfielder Shinji Kagawa. Last but not least, the talisman who bagged an astonishing 24 Premier League goals for Leicester's iconic side: Vardy. The ex-England striker, who will turn 36 in January, remains an integral cog in the Foxes' side having not lost his goalscoring touch. Vardy was once again the club's top goalscorer last term, hitting a staggering 15 goals in 25 matches. 