Lewis Hamilton’s future in F1 has been questioned by former Caterham driver Giedo Van der Garde in a controversial social media post. The Dutch racing star suggested Hamilton is entering the end of an era in a hint he feels it may be time for the seven-time champion to walk away. Van der Garde posted an image of Hamilton walking away from his stricken Mercedes moments after retiring from Sunday afternoon's Belgian Grand Prix. Underneath, he posted an almost identical image of Kimi Raikkonen walking through the desert at the 2017 Bahrain Grand Prix. Van der Garde wrote the caption: “I call this shot ‘The End of a Legendary era is near’." However, the post has been slammed by F1 fans who appeared to question his credentials in making the cutting remark. Twitter account @LewisHamFanPage said: “Eyo people, how many F1 championships does this guy @GvanderGarde have? Oh yea, zero. Shame." But, van der Garde did receive some support from followers with some agreeing with his sentiment. READ MORE: Hamilton's rotten F1 record at Belgian GP emerges after Alonso tangle Twitter user @Cb98637507 said: “Lewis better than the rest? Perhaps the Haas, the French guys, the Canadians, etc… But he hasn’t been better than George, Sainz, Checo, even Leclerc and his dumb garage and of course, there is some guy who’s doing it just a bit better.” Hamilton retired from the race on lap one after coming together with Fernando Alonso at Les Combes. The Mercedes driver was aiming to sweep around the outside for second place before the pair made contact. Alonso’s front wing clipped Hamilton’s rear-right tyre, throwing him into the air.  Hamilton’s race engineer Peter Bonnington asked Hamilton to stop the car half a lap later to record his first retirement of the season. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton bites back at Alonso over Belgian GP radio rant [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen's four-word reaction to replay of Lewis Hamilton crash [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton warned by F1 stewards for refusing medical help [ANALYSIS] Alonso branded Hamilton an “idiot” after the race and claimed Hamilton only knew how to drive when starting first. The Briton accepted he was responsible for the accident after the race but shot down the Alpine driver's comments. He explained: "I don’t really have a response to it. I know that’s how things feel in the heat the moment, but it’s nice to know how he feels about me in a way, better that it’s out in the open, how he feels. Like I said, it wasn’t intentional and I take responsibility for it. That’s what adults do." Hamilton added: "I mean, I would have [spoken about it with Alonso] until I heard what he said, so it's unfortunate," added the Mercedes driver. "I mean, it’s motor racing, I gave it everything. I tried to overtake on the outside into Turn Five, just didn’t leave quite enough space and I paid the price for it. It wasn’t intentional, it just happened."