A woman dialled 999 after spotting her two daughters in trouble having leapt into the sea at Perranporth, yesterday evening. Her other child managed to get ashore but the teenager died despite frantic attempts to resuscitate her. James Instance of Falmouth Coastguard told BBC Radio Cornwall multiple members of the emergency services had been involved, with lifeguards responding quickly to pull the girl out of the water. He added: "Unfortunately it's just an area of the beach that, at high tide at Droskyn, it's just slightly around the corner and not in the visibility of where lifeguards are patrolling and putting their focus - between the red and yellow flags. "Trying to get out in an area where it's very choppy and around rocks... that certainly seems to have been a big part of the problem to get to the pair." Footage from the scene showed several emergency vehicles and a helicopter. A Maritime and Coastguard Agency spokesman said: "Around 4pm on Thursday HM Coastguard received a 999-call reporting two people in difficulty in the water at Droskyn, Perranporth. "RNLI Lifeguards from Perranporth and the coastguard rescue team from St Agnes were sent to help along with the coastguard helicopter from Newquay and the Air Ambulance. "South West Ambulance Service and Devon and Cornwall Police were also sent to assist. READ MORE: Hot weather alert: New Met Office data shows 'path to disaster' "One person self-recovered to shore. "A woman was recovered from the water by lifeguards. "CPR was given however they were declared deceased by a paramedic at the incident." DON'T MISSUK to supply Ukraine with high mobility rocket systems [INSIGHT]Operation Boot Boris to be launched by Tory rebels [ANALYSIS]David Frost blasts 'weakness' of UK position in negotiations [VIDEO] A Devon and Cornwall police spokesman said: "Police were notified at around 5.15pm on Thursday to reports of a concern of welfare of a woman in the water at Perranporth Beach. "Emergency services, including the RNLI and Coastguard Rescue teams along with the Air Ambulance were all present at the scene. "The woman was pulled out of the water by lifeguards but was sadly pronounced deceased a short time after. "Next of kin are aware. A file will be prepared for the coroner." One eyewitness said: "I was on the beach with my family today when this incident happened. "Obviously coastguard helicopters always generate attention and the beach was extremely busy with thousands of people enjoying what was a perfect summer day." They added: It was an awful thing to witness despite what was obviously an incredible effort from all the emergency and rescue services involved and also a large number of members of the public. "Our thoughts are with everyone involved and whilst I'll not go into any details, it was utterly heartbreaking and extremely upsetting. "Our coastguards, lifeguards and emergency services really are incredible though."