John Isner has hit out at American lawmakers and called it "complete lunacy" that Novak Djokovic may not be allowed to compete at the US Open. Foreigners are currently banned from entering the United States if they are not fully vaccinated against Covid-19, and Djokovic is arguably the most prominent athlete on the planet yet to be jabbed. Former world No. 1 Djokovic, 35, found himself at the centre of a media storm in January when he travelled to the Australian Open alleging he had a medical exemption to play. The Australian government found his case was insufficient, however, and 'Nole' was deported from Melbourne without the chance to defend his title. The US Open is due to get underway on August 29, meaning Djokovic would need a swift change in legislation (or an exemption) to be allowed into the country. Isner is hoping to feature at Flushing Meadows and wants to see the strongest possible field, regardless of whether they're vaccinated against the coronavirus, which has resulted in almost 6.5million deaths worldwide. "Are there any active tennis players urging the US to let @DjokerNole play or nah," asked Seth Dillon, owner and CEO of the conservative Christian news site, The Babylon Bee. Djokovic encountered criticism for his vaccine status around the time of his deportation from Australia, with some suggesting he would avoid any controversy if he just received the jab. READ MORE Nick Kyrgios pokes fun at Novak Djokovic training regime as bromance continues to flourish  /sport/tennis "Yes," replied Isner. "Complete lunacy he can't compete as of now. #science." The 2018 Wimbledon semi-finalist also showed support for Djokovic at the time of his deportation from Australia, which he said at the time was "not right." Another American tennis player, Tennys Sandgren, has also spoken up in Djokovic's defence and tweeted: "Pretty shameful that the USTA won't fight for an exemption for Novak. No surprise the government hasn't changed it's (sic) archaic policy. I can play but he can't? Ridiculous." It's estimated almost five billion people worldwide are now fully vaccinated, representing almost two thirds of the planet's population. The Covid death rate has dropped in the United States in recent months, but the most recent seven-day average suggests around 450 people are still dying daily due to complications caused by the virus. DON'T MISS Tennis star suspended for positive doping test issues strong statement amid investigation Novak Djokovic coach calls out US Open 'bull****' with Joe Biden remark as Serb faces ban Rafael Nadal told why he may have 'to answer unfair questions' on Novak Djokovic    As for Djokovic, the Serb continues to upload training footage via social media, hoping the rules are changed in time for him to play this season's final major. He finished as runner-up to Daniil Medvedev in last year's final and won the most recent of his three U.S. Open crowns in 2018. The 21-time Grand Slam champion recently took to Instagram and wrote: "I am preparing as if I will be allowed to compete, while I await to hear if there is any room for me to travel to US. Fingers crossed!"