 The overpayments were made at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic when the DWP were not offering face-to-face verification for new Universal Credit claimants. The Department is now working to reclaim this money back and is ordering claimants to repay the cash. The DWP stated that it was prioritising claimants that are still currently in payment. The DWP stated that if a person requests a “mandatory reconsideration” and provides proof that changes the Department's decision, then it will reinstate the benefits and cancel the debt.     A DWP spokesperson said: “During the pandemic, we rightly prioritised ensuring the welfare safety net reached those suddenly in difficulty. “We have been contacting claimants via their preferred contact method to discuss aspects of claims we need to verify and given them two weeks to respond. “If we are belatedly provided evidence proving entitlement, we will reinstate benefit and cancel any debt straight away.” It has been reported that around 15,000 Universal Credit claimants are appealing against the payback orders. READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning £1m prize?   A statement from Labour’s shadow work and pensions secretary Jonathan Ashworth, described the department’s actions in pursuing the poorest as they struggle to make ends meet in a cost of living crisis as “shameful”. Speaking in a Commons debate last month, the Scottish National Party MP Chris Stephens called on the DWP to “accept the responsibility for its own errors” and to scrap the deduction of overpayments. He said: “That responsibility has wrongly been shifted onto hard-up households and this unjust practice must end.” This plea followed fellow SNP MP David Linden, who asked the Government to show compassion and “waive” the recovery of overpaid benefits.    Mr Linden argued that the paybacks were pushing innocent people further into poverty. The Glasgow East MP highlighted one case study in his speech who was being forced to pay back up £80 a month to the government after being overpaid. He said: “Jess and Mark have a benefit debt of £600 because they were accidentally paid too much Universal Credit. “The DWP has acknowledged that it made a mistake when it worked out their entitlement, but it is asking for the money back, and Jess and Mark are legally obliged to pay it. “Since they do not have the £600, they thought it was theirs, so they have spent it on essentials for themselves and their two children the DWP is recovering the debt by taking £80 a month off their Universal Credit. READ MORE: 'Worth a try' Mum shares 'substantial change' that helped save £95 a month on energy bills     “Jess’s and Mark’s income was already low, and now they simply do not have enough to live on.” Mr Lindin highlighted that one in ten waiver requests were successful in 202. This was set against the 337,000 of new overpayments caused by DWP mistakes in the same period. He added: “No matter how an overpayment of Universal Credit happened, the DWP can ask for it back. “That’s the case even when somebody has done nothing wrong, and indeed has done everything that could reasonably have been expected of them. The DWP now openly asserts that it will only abandon recovery in ‘exceptional’ cases.”    The number of people claiming Universal Credit doubled in the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic. This increased to six million in January 2021. The calls for the Government to halt the collection come as low income households are facing the brunt of the rise in living costs. The Work and Pensions Committee has also voiced support for this as a report released said the actions only contributed “to the hardship” to those struggling and that the Government should allow “breathing space”. The Committee stated that the Government should at least do this “until the threat of inflation recedes”.   