Both Matheus Cunha and Atletico Madrid have no interest in negotiating a transfer to Manchester United, according to reports in Spain. The Brazilian forward, who can play both centrally or out wide, has been the subject of discussions with the Red Devils as they look to bolster Erik ten Hag's forward line. Cunha only arrived at Atletico Madrid from Hertha Berlin last August when Diego Simeone's side paid around £21m for his services. Now United are reportedly prepared to offer around double that figure to bring the 23-year-old to Old Trafford. However, Mundo Deportivo are reporting that both Cunha and Atletico have already said "no" to the move. The player is understood to be happy at the Wanda Metropolitano, therefore he does not want to consider a move to United in the final weeks of the transfer window. READ MORE: Man Utd can finally put Frenkie de Jong transfer saga to bed after £42m agreement struck Atletico Madrid are also satisfied with their attacker, who could be a real asset moving forward after a transitional debut season in La Liga. Cunha, who is said to be unlikely to change his mind, hit six goals in 29 league outings last season and also featured in five Champions League matches. United's interest is said to have come about when they were offered the chance to sign Alvaro Morata in a shock transfer deal. However, United are understood to have identified Cunha as a better fit for Ten Hag's project - even though a deal now looks unlikely. READ MORETaylor's Transfers: Everton deal rests on video footage, Arsenal exit, three West Ham bidsMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Reports in England even claimed a £42m move was close on Monday night but those suggestions are believed to be premature. Leeds have also considered a swoop for Cunha in the past as the frontman looks to make a push for Tite's World Cup squad ahead of Qatar 2022. The club are actively working on finding some strong new additions for Ten Hag though after the 4-0 humbling at Brentford. The Bees tore the Red Devils to shreds, once again emphasising that there is work to be done in the transfer market. Casemiro is another La Liga star that has been linked with a move to Old Trafford as United lose hope of landing Frenkie de Jong. United are keen to add another striker to their ranks with Cristiano Ronaldo's future still unclear. Atletico Madrid have been earmarked as his most likely destination but the Spanish giants continue to distance themselves from links with the Portuguese veteran. Simeone's side are looking to strike back following a disappointing season last term and their La Liga campaign got off to the best possible start with a 3-0 win at Getafe.