Nick Kyrgios has responded after a video emerged showing a spectator at the Canadian Open heckling Daniil Medvedev following their match. The Aussie upset the world No 1 6-7(1) 6-4 6-2 and a TikTok video filmed after their clash has revealed that one fan called the top seed a "loser" before being confronted by Medvedev himself. Kyrgios earned his second career victory over a world No 1 in Montreal earlier this week, upsetting defending champion Medvedev in three sets. In the days after their blockbuster clash, footage has surfaced showing the Russian being heckled by a spectator who chanted "loser" as the 26-year-old left the stadium following the match. Medvedev can be seen stopping in his tracks to turn back and walk towards the fan in question, confronting him as people in the crowd shout at the man to apologise. And Kyrgios has become the latest star to weigh in on the incident, defending the US Open champion. "Disgusting behaviour," he wrote in a tweet quoting the video, adding a sad face. "This is the best we have in the sport, fans need to show some respect." JUST IN: Raducanu to be 'good matchup' for Williams as Brit's game downplayed  In the video, security guards surround the top seed as he continues to speak with his hater. Medvedev can be heard saying he is "super calm" before demanding the heckler look him in the eyes instead of looking at the floor, and gesturing wildly. Before walking away, he points back in the direction of the spectator in question. Medvedev himself is yet to comment on the incident, with the video only going viral two days after he crashed out of the Canadian Open. The world No 1 will now be fighting to keep his ranking at the Cincinnati Masters, where Rafael Nadal can dethrone him. DON'T MISSRaducanu told how to beat Williams and kill momentum before farewellEmma Raducanu picks hitting partner to prepare for Serena WilliamsRaducanu and Osaka inspire new drama from Line Of Duty producers  But last year's Canadian Open champion was gracious in defeat as he credited Kyrgios for his performance. "He was great. He was playing good. He beat me fairly, if we can say [it] like this," he said of the world No 37. And the pair are on a collision course at next week's Cincinnati Masters, where they could meet in the quarter-finals should they both get that far. "I feel like we know each other’s games well," Kyrgios said of their matchup after their clash. "I’m not the type of player that goes into this match looking at rankings or anything like that, it’s just who I’m playing and what kind of ball they’re giving me." 