The UK economy is not in good shape. Inflation hit 9.4 percent in June, its sharpest increase in 40 years, and it’s only predicted to soar higher. So much so that the Bank of England has warned the UK will fall into recession by the end of the year, and it’ll likely remain in this state at least for the rest of 2023. Soaring fuel and energy bills remain largely at the helm of the spiralling inflation rates as the Russia-Ukraine war continues to put pressure on oil and gas supply chains. As a result, the bank has predicted inflation rates to surpass 13 percent by December but to curb this, it’s been increasing its base interest rates to make borrowing more expensive and saving more rewarding. The theory is that this will make people spend less, which should make prices rise at a slower rate, which in turn, lowers the rate of inflation. However, it doesn’t appear to be quite enough as the UK seems to be hurtling towards a recession regardless, according to the recent Bank of England forecast. So, what exactly is a recession and what could this mean for you?  READ MORE: Experts warn of 'devastating cancer recession'  Recessions in the UK are defined as two consecutive quarters of negative Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth. Julian House, personal finance expert and MD at My Favourite Voucher Codes told Express.co.uk: “A normal economy should, and is expected to grow, much like a plant under normal conditions. “The people that comprise a healthy economy, usually, become incrementally wealthier as the value of goods and services increase. “This is what is known as the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). However, when these values begin to fall and continue to do so over two consecutive quarters, that is when the country can be classified as in a recession.”  Mr House continued: “For almost everyone, a growing economy is great. Ushering in more business growth, more jobs, and larger profits, which in turn lead to higher wages and even more taxes for the Government to pump into the NHS, education and the benefits system to name a few. “However, when the economy begins to recede, all of these opportunities begin to reverse entirely.” Recessions, unsurprisingly, have a widespread impact on near enough anyone living and benefiting from the economy. But it means different things to different people. Simon Jones, CEO of Investing Reviews told Express.co.uk: “Most alarming of all, is the Bank’s expectation that real household incomes will suffer their largest two-year fall on record as a result.  DON'T MISS: UK recession warning: How Britain's crisis compares to the world [ANALYSIS]How long did the 2008 recession last? Bust's legacy still felt [EXPLAINED]Inflation in Europe and the world: Data shows major impending crisis [INSIGHT]    “This is just one example of how recessions impact the most vulnerable.” Mr House said: “From an employment perspective, a recession brings on the likelihood of job loss, employment stagnation and pay under inflation. "This also means that graduates or people seeking their first employment will find it extra difficult. “For people in receipt of benefits, this will provide an incredible barrier. “As the benefit values are fixed whilst inflation increases, it means you will be left with less and less money to be able to heat your home or feed yourself.” For those with mortgages, depending on the rate you’re on, it could see a starker rise in repayments, while the Bank of England continues to hike interest rates. All the while the costs of goods and services will continue to rise until what the Bank forecasts to be the rest of next year. Mr House said: “The first point of call relevant to all UK residents is to take an internal audit of your monthly budget. “Check bank statements and get out a highlighter pen to evaluate your monthly purchases and outgoings to see what can be cut. One considerable expense to UK adults is subscriptions." A study conducted by Barclaycard Payments uncovered the quite shocking revelation that the UK spends on average £552 annually, per household, on monthly subscription boxes. Mr House said: “This equates to roughly £46 a month haemorrhaging from accounts from subscription boxes, highlighting the age-old phrase ‘time saved, is money spent’.” Another tip would be to reevaluate your shopping habits. Mr House said: “Supermarkets - the great bastions of consumerism, have deployed every trick in the book to not only get you to spend more money but subtly promote a degree of tribalism amongst its patrons, encouraging undying loyalty to their brand above all others.” From impulse buys stacked methodically by the till, eye-level ‘deals’ being more expensive and ‘exploding sales’ encouraging you to buy more than you need, supermarkets are pretty clued up on getting you to spend more.  Mr House said: “Simply switching up your supermarket and potentially visiting more than one, writing a list and trying the ‘downshift challenge’ – avoiding all ‘finest’ labelling and actively seeking out ‘value’ and ‘own’ branding – can save on average £1000 a year." For those investing, taking another look at your portfolio could do you a favour. Mr Jones said: “Now is the time to ensure that your portfolio is diversified to limit the damage done to your nest egg in the event of a significant market downturn. “Disposable incomes will fall but people can plan ahead by cutting unnecessary subscriptions and expenditure now while saving to create more of a financial buffer.” 