In his podcast Sorted With The Dyers, which he co-hosts with his daughter Dani, 26, Danny Dyer expressed how he had "a tough week - mentally". In February this year, the star elaborated: "It's been on me a little bit. Brain [has] been attacking me. It is really difficult, and so I just wanted to put that out there, because I needed to do that. Anyone who is struggling, you need to open your mouth and say; stop saying 'you're fine', 'I’m all right'. If you're not, then express it. "It is important. Now I’ve expressed it, I feel slightly better. Still a little bit f****d in the nut, I am not going to lie." Danny, 45, continued: "We go through these times when we just don’t know how the f we are, and we struggle being who we are. Whatever the f that is. So anyone listening to this, don’t worry, I am going through it too and you will be OK." The podcast episode isn't the first time Danny has opened up about his mental health. READ MORE: GMB host Ranvir Singh's agonising 'allergic reaction' that happened on live TV explained Back in 2020, during the height of the coronavirus pandemic, the actor revealed he was feeling anxious. "I thought I was going to die. I thought my wife was going to die – my wife's diabetic. [I] thought my kids were going to die. We all had that fear.” While anxiety can be a normal response to stressful situations, such as the pandemic, there is a point where anxiety can be considered a mental health condition. The NHS explains that a "constant" feeling of anxiety, no matter the situation, could be a sign of a generalised anxiety disorder (GAD). Symptoms of GAD: Reportedly affecting up to five percent of the UK population, GAD is considered a "common condition" by the NHS. Typically diagnosed in people from the ages of 35 to 59, GAD also tends to be more prevalent in women. As symptoms can interfere with day-to-day life, there are treatment options available to those who need the support. Psychological therapies, such as cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), is available on the NHS. Moreover, a referral from the doctor is not needed to access CBT, as you can refer yourself. Some people may benefit from taking a type of antidepressant known as selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs). "With treatment, many people are able to control their anxiety levels," the NHS states. To help manage feelings of anxiety, looking after your physical wellbeing is paramount. Examples include exercising regularly, not smoking, and cutting down on alcoholic beverages and caffeine. Talking about how you're feeling is also encouraged, especially to supportive people within your network – or to a professional. As Danny said, "if you're not [OK], then express it".