Four members of the Tottenham squad have been ‘banished’ from the first team and told to train individually, with the club keen to offload the quartet. Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso, Sergio Reguilon and Harry Winks are all no longer part of Antonio Conte’s plans and have been put in Spurs’ shop window. According to the Evening Standard, the four stars are working alone as Conte is keen to only coach his select group of players, though there is an acceptance that the quartet could remain at the club up until the last knockings of the transfer window. Conte was vocal last season about wanting to sell players who were surplus to requirements, in favour of bringing in fresh recruits. He has achieved half of that goal, with Spurs making six signings this month, and now offloading their predecessors is a priority. Lo Celso and Ndombele have both been linked with moves to La Liga side Villarreal this summer, though neither deal has materialised to date. Winks, meanwhile, looks more likely to remain in the Premier League, with Everton showing an interest in the England international. JUST IN: Chelsea told to snub Frenkie de Jong and sign alternative Conte will be keen for all three of the deals to conclude before the transfer window slams shut, and the former Chelsea boss has also been offered the chance to complete a clean sweep of a clear-out. It is reported that Brighton and Hove Albion have reignited their interest in left-back Sergio Reguilon, who has fallen to the bottom of the pecking order at Spurs due to the arrival of Ivan Perisic from Inter Milan and the good form of Ryan Sessegnon. The Seagulls are in the market for a left-back/left wing-back having sold Marc Cucurella earlier this month to Chelsea in a deal worth up to £62million.  Transfermarkt value Reguilon at £22.5m, which is well within the reach of Brighton following the departure of their previous Spaniard. Tottenham may also demand less than that price for the 25-year-old, leaving Graham Potter’s side with more money to spend elsewhere – potentially on a central midfielder after they sold Yves Bissouma to Spurs earlier this summer. Conte will want to ensure that Reguilon, amongst others, is offloaded soon as there are new signings on the horizon. Serie A duo Nicolo Zaniolo and Denis Udogie are both Spurs-bound according to reports, as Tottenham edge closer to their significant reshuffle. Though whether those arrivals will depend on departures beforehand remains to be seen.