The economic fallout from previous Government-imposed lockdowns, the ongoing war in Ukraine and a handful of other factors mean the cost-of-living crisis, being felt both at home and abroad, is expected to get worse before it gets any better. Either Ms Truss or Rishi Sunak will be handed the responsibility to handle the course of the country’s finances as the next Tory leader and Prime Minister through what is forecasted to be a particularly difficult winter. The Bow Group, Britain and the world’s oldest conservative think tank, has stressed that unless the future Government – which polling suggests will be led by Ms Truss – acts both quickly and responsibly, it will be destined to fail. Chairman Ben Harris-Quinney said that Boris Johnson’s administration has ignored “a very simple economic truth – that you cannot print, borrow and spend to excess without eventually facing dire economic consequences”. These, he added, would be particularly felt by the British electorate who could, in turn, decide not to turn out for the Conservative Party again. Mr Harris-Quinney told Express.co.uk: “We have called on the Government to immediately cut £250billion in non-essential or detrimental spending, abolish Net Zero, international aid and HS2, alongside a number of other useless policies and departments and create a budget surplus. “From that point, the Government can remove its reliance on borrowing and urgently refocus its spending power on measures to promote growth and cut inflation.” If, as the likely next occupant of Number 10, Ms Truss fails to do this, she will, he added, see her popularity collapse. The Bow Group Chairman said: “Any popularity a figure like Truss is achieving now will vaporise as we head into a winter of recession. “Unless the new Prime Minister realises a Thatcher-level reorganisation is required, they will fail to gain control of the economy. READ MORE: Speedboat death tragedy: Woman killed on holiday in Turkey “A re-ordered cabinet of the same old people will deliver the same old results.” The National Institute of Economic and Social Research this week concluded that the country is already in recession and that the number of households living from pay check to pay check will almost double to seven million by 2024. Stephen Millard, the think tank’s Deputy Director for Macroeconomics said: “The UK economy is heading into a period of stagflation with high inflation and a recession hitting the economy simultaneously.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Businessman and former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib stressed that curtailing the likelihood of economic disaster was dependent on the next PM acting quickly. He told Express.co.uk: “Truss would have a very small window in which to act. “The measures she wants to take should already have been taken. “Whether or not the UK can avoid a 1979-style winter of discontent and the Tories electoral oblivion would depend on her acting immediately.” Mr Harris-Quinney added that a failure to act could law the groundwork for a crash worse than that suffered in 2008. This, he insisted, “remains a very real possibility”.