Antony has demanded to leave Ajax in a bombshell interview following Manchester United's rejected £76million offer for the player. The Brazilian winger has spoken of his long-term desire to leave the Dutch club and hopes for a resolution before the end of the transfer window. Antony is United's top target for the last five days of the window. However, Ajax are not making it easy for their former boss Erik ten Hag to complete a deal. The 22-year-old was left out of Ajax's squad for their win at Sparta Rotterdam last weekend, as the player's wish to leave became clear. But United's latest bid has still been turned down. So in an attempt to force through an exit, Antony has held an exclusive interview with Fabrizio Romano. The transfer expert relayed what Antony said to him in a YouTube video. Antony said: "Since February of this year my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face a new challenge and that some of interested clubs would arrive and with them is entirely a great offer. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £8m offer, Chelsea trigger clause, Klopp hint  "In June of this year, this summer, I interrupted my vacation and came personally to inform the managers of Ajax including the new coach about my wish to leave and that they should consider this possibility because when I started in Amsterdam it was a project for two seasons. And during the window months, meetings concluded including a proposal from Ajax for a contract renewal. "I made it clear once again I want to leave the club. Today in a meeting with the club's board of directors I expressed my old interest in leaving the club, only this time with a considerable offer on the table. Others had already arrived, Ajax always refused and hinders my exit with the argument that it only has five days to replace." Antony insists he wants Ajax to receive the highest offer for him, in what would be a record sale for a Dutch club. He added: "I'm not asking to release me, I'm asking Ajax to sell me as the highest bid received by a player who plays in the Eredivisie in history. DON'T MISSMan Utd send 'deadline day promise' to De Jong after fresh contactChelsea 'agree record Fofana transfer' as Tuchel finally lands top targetMan Utd icon Van der Sar makes 'rare' move to rescue Antony talks  "I've been insisting on this term since February so that the club could rebuild the team with peace of mind and right timing." In a message to the Ajax supporters, Antony insists the club will always be in his heart. However, he hopes they understand his wish to progress in the world of football. Antony concluded: "I was very happy in Amsterdam. I won titles, made friends and built part of my career but now I reinforce that I'm ready and full of motivations to follow my story and my dreams. "People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. I need to continue performing at the high level. Ajax will always be in my heart. "I hope Ajax fans understand me because the future for a football player is a totally uncertain thing and the opportunities can be unique."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here