Despite the exhaustive saga surrounding his future taking an ugly turn this week, Frenkie de Jong refuses to back down from his fight to stay at Barcelona. And he could be going to war with club officials over their attempts to force him out this summer to help balance the books. Barcelona can help solve their financial woe by offloading De Jong to adhere to a salary cap amid struggles to register new signings ahead of the new La Liga season. The Blaugrana have maintained he can stay as long as he accepts a significant pay cut and a £6million settlement on the deferred wages he's owed - thought to be between £14m and £17m. But De Jong has been unwilling to accept those terms, which club media have widely reported. And abuse aimed at the Dutchman as he arrived at the club's training ground on Wednesday suggests attempts to make him look like the villain of the saga have been successful in Spain. According to Mundo Deportivo, De Jong believes he is the victim of a smear campaign against his image from Barcelona amid the club's threat of legal action over his current contract. Barca's hierarchy claims contract renewals the previous board handed to Andre Ter Stegen, Clement Lenglet, Gerard Pique, and De Jong in 2020 were illegal. JUST IN: Chelsea have Frenkie de Jong transfer belief  But the 25-year-old midfielder isn't backing down and has reported the situation to the AFE (the association of Spanish footballer players), FIFPro (the international association of professional football players) and La Liga, which validated all four renewals at the time. The report adds that De Jong has let the stressful saga affect him and has shown he is 'mentally very strong and very positive'. Despite the supposed attempts to push him out of the Nou Camp, he's ready to start the season well and still has an excellent relationship with Xavi Hernandez. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'does not trust' star and ready to sell duo  Manchester United agreed an initial £63m fee with Barcelona for Erik ten Hag's priority transfer target weeks ago, but he soon after joined Xavi's squad for pre-season in the United States, indicating his intention to stay. Since then, Chelsea have entered the frame and are reportedly close to also shaking hands on terms with Barca. However, De Jong won't be going anywhere unless he receives the deferred salary payments the Catalan club owe him. And reports suggest he's unwilling to back down and reduce his current wage either as he continues his fight to stay at Barca, which is bad news for United, Chelsea and other suitors.