Tottenham look set to make few changes to the team that beat Wolves 1-0 at White Hart Lane last weekend. Antonio Conte is a manager who tends to favour familiarity when selecting his starting line up and is hence likely to make few changes against Nottingham Forest given the settled feel to his squad. However, the Spurs boss will have to navigate three games in a week so may have to consider rotating some of his key men to ensure they are not at risk of picking up any injuries. Here Express Sport predicts how the North London club will line up in the fixture at the City Ground. Goalkeeper: Lloris No surprises in net with Lloris certain to keep his place between the sticks. The Spurs captain is now in his 11th season at the club and rarely lets his teammates down. He seems unlikely to lose his position anytime soon with Fraser Forster signed in the summer to be a reliable No 2. Centre-backs: Sanchez, Dier, Davies Dier and Davies have been favourites for Conte during his time at White Hart Lane with both players perfectly suited to playing within a back three. The England international in particular has experienced something of a renaissance under the Italian relishing his role at the heart of the defence. Davison Sanchez is likely to keep his place beside them as fan’s favourite Cristian Romero suffering from a groin injury. This means Barcelona loanee Clement Lenglet will be forced to continue his wait for his first start. DON'T MISS: Gabriel Jesus spotted chasing referee after Joao Palhinha incident Wing-backs: Emerson, Perisic Emerson has started the season well despite becoming something of a joke figure by some of the club’s supporters last year. He is once again set to start in Nottingham with Matt Doherty still making his way back from injury while former Forest loan star Djed Spence has yet to acclimatise to life in the Premier League. Perisic made his first start for the Lilywhites last weekend and played a crucial role in the win over Wolves by flicking on a corner for Harry Kane’s goal. He should play again in Nottingham with Conte using the Croatian like a left winger despite his deeper starting position. However, he is just returning from injury so may be rested and replaced by Ryan Sessegnon as the club look to manage his minutes. Midfield: Hojbjerg, Bentancur The two most underrated players in Tottenham’s starting line up are both likely to play together again against the Premier League new boys. The pair have struck up an effective partnership in the middle of the park, giving the front three the stable foundations they need to work their magic. This means summer recruit Yves Bissouma will once again be left waiting for his first start and facing a tough challenge to break into the first choice partnership. Forwards: Son, Kane, Kulusevski The trio are arguably the league’s most dangerous front three with most of the teams attacking output coming through them. That said, they face tough competition from new signing Richarlison with the Brazilian impressing during his appearances off the bench. Son has started the season slightly off form and could lose his place to the club’s No 9 however it is likely Conte will give him at least one more week given the obvious quality he holds. One absolute certainty is that Kane will lead the line, fresh from setting the Premier League goal record for one club last weekend. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here