The number of people practicing hypermiling techniques on British roads has increased considerably since the fuel crisis began. And with prices of petrol and diesel still remaining high, the fuel-saving revolution is not showing any signs of slowing down. Despite the latest RAC forecast predicting the cost of fuel to drop, drivers still have to pay 174.79p per litre of unleaded and 185.40p per litre of diesel on average. With thousands now taking steps to boost their fuel economy and reduce their bills, drivers are experimenting with the best methods for them. One of the more obscure hypermiling techniques involves wearing sensible shoes when driving. Wearing bigger shoes takes away the sensitivity needed with the throttle. READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin The best way to hypermile is to feel how the car is responding to the pressure from the driver. Nick Zapolski, the founder of ChooseMyCar.com, advised drivers to try different fuel-saving tips. He previously told Express.co.uk: “The cost of living is already so high, but fuel prices are absolutely staggering. “It’s going to force some people to stop using their vehicles, which sadly isn’t practical for many. DON'T MISS Infuriated motorists slam air con driving rule that can result in fine [INSIGHT] Driver fined £100 for failing to park properly during an emergency [SHOCKING] Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for not using air con [WARNING] “We already know that more than 50 percent of people are using hypermiling techniques in order to be more economical. “But despite their best efforts, our recent studies show that the impact on Brit drivers of fuel costs is already severe. “How much more can people afford to pay?" Hypermiling can improve efficiency by around 40 percent, with some experts estimating that it could be as high as 70 percent in a newer car. READ MORE: Little-known car cleaning hack that boosts fuel efficiency By using hypermiling techniques, some road users have seen their miles per gallon increase by between 35 and 40 percent. However, drivers have also been urged to be careful when using the shoe method. This is because the Highway Code tells drivers to ensure their clothing and footwear do not prevent them from using the controls in the correct manner. Some flimsy shoes like flip-flops or sandals could see drivers' feet slipping off the pedals. On the other hand, heavier shoes like boots could cause drivers to incorrectly judge how much throttle is needed, potentially wasting fuel. The RAC advises drivers not to have a sole thicker than 10mm, also suggesting that it should not be too thin or soft. The footwear should be able to provide enough grip to stop the feet from slipping off the pedals. Larger shoes can also result in slow ankle movements, reduced reaction time, and if they are too wide, could result in two pedals being pressed down at once accidentally. Other popular hypermiling tips include removing excess weight, ensuring tyre pressure is correct and keeping the air conditioning off.