Brentford fans aimed a chant at the wife of Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy, Rebekah, during the match between the two teams on Sunday afternoon. The reality TV star recently lost her libel case against Coleen Rooney, in what was dubbed the ‘Wagatha Christie’ case. Wayne Rooney’s wife went public in claiming that Rebekah had, along with her agent, Caroline Watt, been leaking stories to The Sun. She used her Instagram account to work out who she thought was providing tips to journalists and helping them with stories and reports. Rebekah’s attempt to press charges against Colleen was ruled unsuccessful last month, and Brentford fans certainly had not forgotten that on the opening weekend of the Premier League season. Brentford supporters were heard chanting: “Jamie Vardy, your wife is a grass.” The Foxes striker would have been hoping he'd get the last laugh at the King Power Stadium when his side went 2-0 up after 46 minutes through Timothy Castagne and Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall. However, the Bees bounced back late on with goals from Ivan Toney and Joshua DaSilva. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer Chants and songs aimed at Rebekah Vardy could become a recurring theme for her husband throughout this season. And it will certainly be a bitter pill to swallow for the former I’m a Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here and Dancing on Ice contestant, who feels that the court was wrong in their ruling. Speaking after she lost the libel case, she said: “The case is over. I am extremely sad and disappointed at the decision that the judge has reached. It is not the result that I had expected, nor believe was just. “I brought this action to vindicate my reputation and am devastated by the judge’s finding. The judge accepted that publication of Coleen’s post was not in the ‘public interest’ and she also rejected her claim that I was the ‘Secret Wag’.  “But as for the rest of her judgment, she got it wrong and this is something I cannot accept.” But it is not all doom and gloom in the Vardy household though, with Rodgers revealing that Leicester has opened talks with Jamie over a contract extension. He said ahead of the Brentford match: “There's talks going on behind the scenes. Nothing to inform you on, but we'd love him to stay. He's still sharp. He's still going to influence games. Hopefully, between his representatives and the club, we'll find a solution.”