Ayman al-Zawahiri, the leader of Al-Qaeda and the late Osama Bin Laden’s former right-hand man, was killed in a precision drone strike in Afghanistan. The fiend seen as the brains behind the 9/11 atrocities which killed thousands, died after the CIA sent drones which fired two Hellfire Ninja missiles which kill with blades rather than explosives. As he stood on the balcony of a Taliban safe house in Kabul, the rockets “shredded” him, American ­officials said. His wife, daughter and grandchildren were living with him but were not harmed in the attack. The assassination ended a ­two-decade hunt for the man who plotted the twin towers attacks on America in September 2001. Zawahiri was on the FBI’s most-wanted terrorist list and there was a $25million reward for information leading directly to him. Sources said US intelligence officers had tracked him to the Taliban safe house in the Afghan capital several weeks ago. It was then monitored around the clock and while he never left the building, the terror chief was seen on the balcony several times. Mr Biden gave the order for the strike which was carried out at 6.18 am Sunday, local time. The triumphant president yesterday issued a stark warning to other enemies of America. But a Taliban spokesman described the US operation as a clear violation of international principles – though he did not ­mention Zawahiri directly. However, US officials maintained that the operation had a legitimate legal basis. And it finally brings to a close a long and arduous manhunt and follows the American assassination of Bin Laden at the age of 54 in Pakistan 11 years ago. The killing of Zawahiri also comes nearly a year after US troops completed their withdrawal from Afghanistan on the orders of Mr Biden, bringing an end to a 20-year military presence there. Under a 2020 peace deal with the US, the Taliban agreed not to allow Al-Qaeda or any other extremist group to operate in areas under their control. But US officials said the Taliban were aware of Zawahiri’s presence in Kabul. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said that by hosting and sheltering Zawahiri in Kabul, the Taliban had “grossly violated” the peace agreement. An Islamic fundamentalist, Zawahiri, who comes from a wealthy ­family, joined the outlawed Egyptian Islamic Jihad group as a teenager. He was jailed twice for helping plot assassinations of two Egyptian leaders. He eventually became the group’s leader, which was dedicated to the creation of an Islamic state in Egypt. In the 1980s he joined the Mujahideen fighting Russia in Afghanistan. There he befriended and joined forces with Bin Laden, becoming his personal physician before going on to cement a deadly terror partnership which killed thousands.