Carlos Sainz admitted he was left "puzzled" by his failure to keep pace with Max Verstappen during qualifying for the Belgian Grand Prix. The Spaniard finished second behind his Red Bull rival but will start Sunday's race in pole position as he bids for a second Grand Prix win of the season. That's due to Verstappen being one of six drivers to be sanctioned for power unit alterations, meaning he drops from first place on the grid to 15th. Charles Leclerc, the teammate of Sainz, will start 16th after finishing fourth quickest. It's Sergio Perez who will join Sainz on the front row of the grid, with Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton benefitting from the penalties to take third and fourth respectively. But given his superior pace, Verstappen admitted afterwards he was still targeting a podium finish. The Scuderia began the campaign seemingly going toe-to-toe with Red Bull in terms of speed, but a series of strategic blunders have derailed their hopes of winning a first F1 title since 2007. But on Saturday's showing, Sainz will need the cushion between him and Verstappen if he is to take the chequered flag at Spa. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton takes swipe at Mercedes car after disappointing Belgian GP qualifying "I'm happy to be starting on pole," he told reporters afterwards. "Obviously, I'm not so happy to see the gap to Max this weekend and the gap that Red Bull has on us. We need to keep digging to see why Red Bull is so fast around this track and why we are trailing them. The Spaniard did add "pole is a good place to start," but also admitted the varying performance levels left him confused: "But I'm a bit puzzled to see this big gap to Max and the big gap to Red Bull which makes me wonder what is going to happen in the race," he continued. "Because I think our race pace is a bit better than our qualifying pace, but there's definitely something there to find." DON'T MISS:F3 driver destroys car in scary Belgian Grand Prix crash just hours before F1 qualifyingMartin Brundle attacks 'ridiculous' grid penalty rules ahead of Belgian GPMcLaren boss Zak Brown fires shots at Otmar Szafnauer as Oscar Piastri row gets personal Perez did have the opportunity to snatch pole from Sainz at the death, but instead produced a messy final lap. The Mexican slid into the gravel, and although was able to recover, the mishap ruined any hopes he had. George Russell will start fifth, behind partner Hamilton, but it was a harrowing day for Mercedes who failed to live with F1's two current leading teams. Afterwards, Hamilton took a swipe at his W13 car, claiming he "won't miss" the vehicle.