Chelsea winger Christian Pulisic has been labelled a 'disgrace' among criticism from furious supporters for snubbing the away end after Tuesday night's disappointing defeat against Southampton. The Blues lost an early lead to suffer back-to-back away defeats at St. Mary's, and Pulisic's antics only further dampened the night for the travelling fans. Raheem Sterling opened the scoring on 23 minutes with his third goal in two games, but teenage midfielder Romeo Lavia produced a glorious strike to draw the hosts level just moments later. Adam Armstrong's deflected strike fired Southampton ahead before half-time, and Ralph Hasenhuttl's men held on after the break to climb above Chelsea to seventh in the Premier League. Pulisic has been linked with a Stamford Bridge exit this summer, with Thomas Tuchel strengthening his attack and planning to add more firepower before Thursday's transfer deadline. He hasn't started any of Chelsea's five league outings this season, coming off the bench after the hour-mark in all of them. Manchester United and Newcastle joined overseas heavyweights in wanting the 23-year-old on a season-long loan, but Chelsea have denied him a move away. The Athletic report Pulisic is disappointed with the decision as he eyes regular minutes ahead of leading the USMNT into the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. JUST IN: Liverpool 'make £20m Douglas Luiz bid' as Reds try to raid Aston Villa  And his frustration was on display after Tuesday's 2-1 loss on the south coast, storming off the pitch immediately after the full-time whistle while his Chelsea teammates thanked the away support. One disappointed supporter reacted: "That's a joke, mate. So disrespectful to the fans who support the team home and away. Such a disgrace." Another said: "Shameful. Hasn't played well in two years." A third added: "Spoiled kid. Doesn't have the class to show appreciation to away supporters. He's making his own bed." "The sooner he leaves Chelsea, the better for all of us. A bang average player that's always crying for minutes," was among further digs... READ MORE: Antonio Conte claims Tottenham can win Champions League this season  With less than 48 hours of the summer transfer window remaining, it's increasingly unlikely Pulisic seals a move away from west London. Callum Hudson-Odoi's loan departure for Bayer Leverkusen was a further blow to his hopes, with Tuchel reluctant to fall short of attacking options. Another attacking arrival, after Sterling's £50million switch from Manchester City, could change the German head coach's stance. But for now, Pulisic could have a long campaign ahead, fighting for his place in his plans in an ever-intensifying battle. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here