Tottenham remain interested in signing Wolves star Adama Traore, despite their failed pursuit of the winger in January. Antonio Conte is keen to add another forward to his ranks before the transfer window closes, with Traore seen as a versatile, cut-price option. Conte was vocal ahead of the start of the season about how he wanted to orchestrate a mass reshuffle at Spurs this summer, and he has been granted that wish. The Italian has welcomed seven new signings to his ranks already, and the former Chelsea boss remains hopeful that his side are not finished in the transfer window. Despite the signing of Richarlison from Everton, Conte remains keen to sign another attacker and several different options are being explored. Express Sport understands that Traore is one of the players being heavily considered by the club, with Fabio Paratici remaining a huge admirer of the Spaniard. The pacey forward was a top target in January and there was a feeling within both camps that a deal could be reached for his services, with Wolves keen to offload the 26-year-old. However, Traore opted to return to Barcelona on a loan-to-buy deal, but after making only 11 appearances for the club, the La Liga outfit opted not to activate the purchase clause and he returned to Molineux. READ MORE: Tottenham sent clear message on Nicolo Zaniolo transfer situation by Jose Mourinho Traore is set to become a free agent at the end of the season having refused several contract extension offers last season, and his stance on penning a new deal has not changed at this stage. Thus, it is felt that the winger is now available at a discounted price in this window, with Bruno Lage’s side keen to cash in on the forward if a fair offer arrives. The former Middlesbrough player would be a versatile option for Conte to work with, given that he can play on the wing, as a makeshift striker and as a wing-back. Tottenham have lacked depth in the final third over the past few seasons, and Conte made it one of his priorities to address that issue this summer. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone call As well as wanting to welcome a forward and a defender to their ranks, Tottenham are also keen to offload several of their fringe players to raise funds and reduce Conte’s squad size. Sergio Reguilon, Giovani Lo Celso and Harry Winks are all up for sale, with all three attracting interest from Premier League outfits as well as European sides. Japhet Tanganga has also been linked with an exit from north London, with AC Milan in advanced talks for the defender. Nottingham Forest have also reportedly shown an interest in the 23-year-old.