The printing experts reported that in June there was a 24 percent increase in searches for "sweat stains", suggesting "that we are in need of an easy solution to banish those awkward yellow stains". From ICON Printing they recommended: “Sweat stains are harder to remove the longer you leave them. "The best thing to do is wash your t-shirt as quickly as possible after wearing it – try not to let the sweat sit around for more than a few days or it will be tougher to get rid of." It is always best to apply laundry detergent or stain remover on the affected area of the t-shirt first before washing it. “Not only will this save you money as it reduces the amount of product used but it will give it time to work on lifting the stain properly before the whole t-shirt is washed," they explained. READ MORE: Fergie buys £5m property in Mayfair for Princesses Beatrice & Eugenie  The t-shirt printing experts explained: “One of the simplest but most effective ways of keeping your white t-shirts bright is to dry them outside if possible- it isn’t just an old wives tale! "The sun will naturally bleach any discolouration lightening any stains and keeping the t-shirt whiter for longer.” The upcoming week bringing the hottest temperatures the UK has ever experienced is the perfect opportunity to wash the white clothes and let them air dry outside. From ICON Printing, they advised: “If you suffer from pesky sweat stains, try switching your deodorant to an aluminium-free product.  "These stains are caused by a chemical reaction between your deodorant and your sweat, so if you are able to find a natural deodorant that works for you then you will be able to reduce the amount of washing to be done." The experts recommended trying a natural vinegar-based solution first if the t-shirt is still yellow after spot treating and washing it. To make the solution at home, mix half a tablespoon of washing powder with a quarter cup of white vinegar and a quarter cup of cool water. The experts said: "Apply this like you did when you spot-treated the item but this time lightly brush it into the stained area and then wash the t-shirt right away." READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb If the stains don't go away, soaking the item of clothing using a laundry detergent-based solution first, which is less risky and is less likely to damage any printing or pattern, can work. The experts explained that if this doesn't work, "a sodium-based laundry-safe bleach solution might be what you need to tackle the toughest stains". "Be sure to read the care label on your t-shirt first to ensure you don’t use any products that might cause any printing to fade or the colour to run," they warned. Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch also shared some effective ways to "easily remove sweat stains from white clothing". She recommended rubbing white vinegar directly onto the stain and washing at 60 degrees with Napisan. Alternatively, soak in Elbow Grease, rub the stained fabric together every so often, and then wash at 60 degrees with Pink Stuff Oxy Powder. To remove suncream stains from clothing, Mrs Hinch advised people to soak the item in cold water and wash up liquid or spray on Elbow Grease, "as the brand is known for removing all kinds of grease and oil stains," she said.