 Olivia Newton-John passed away “peacefully” on August 8 aged 73, surrounded by friends and family at her home in California. The news was announced by her husband, John Easterling, on Instagram. The Grease star battled with cancer for 30 years after being first diagnosed in 1992, the same year her father passed away.     However, on the “A Life of Greatness” podcast, Newton-John said personally did not like to use the term “fight” cancer due to its angry connotations, instead, she chose to make “peace” with it. But suffering from the disease meant the Grammy award-winning singer was facing the prospect of an “unwanted” early death, something she discussed candidly on the podcast. Speaking in February last year, the actress said: “I talked to my body and I would ask the cancer to leave, it’s not welcome, I don’t need it. “But I don’t fight — you know people talk about ‘fighting’ cancer — for me, that sets up a terrain of acidity and anger that is, for me, not conducive to healing. “I don’t want to fight anything, I want to be at peace with it.”    Newton-John was an advocate for cancer research and charities, herself setting up the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Wellness & Research Centre in Melbourne, Australia. The Physical singer continued: “I’ve had quite a few times where I’ve contemplated [death] as being a possibility sooner than I would have wanted it. “I mean we all know that we’re going to die. I think we spend our lives, probably much in denial of it… “What I feel about it — it’s extremely personal, so I find that hard to put into words. “I believe that we are all part of one, one thing, and I’ve had experiences with spirits I guess or spiritual life, or felt the spirit world, or have heard things that I believe there is something that happens. “I think it’s almost like we’re part of a big computer and we all go back to the main battery, I don’t know. “I don’t have a definite definition of what it is, some people call it heaven, some people call it the universe." READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John shared ‘beautiful’ final photo with husband   She continued: “I just think there’s a great knowingness out there that we become part of and I hope that the energies of the people that you love are there. “But I think all love will be there because everyone that I know who's had a near-death experience — my husband being one of them — says it is the most unbelievable feeling of love you have ever experienced and you don’t want to come back. “So I’m kind of looking forward to that — not now, but when it happens.” Newton-John’s husband of 14 years is the CEO of Amazon Herb Company and set up the business after his near-death experience from hepatitis. Outpourings of tributes to the actress followed the announcement of her death with her Grease co-stars paying their respects. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT]John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [REPORT]Ian Hislop on time apart from wife Victoria 'Lives in Greece!' [ANALYSIS]    Her great friend and fellow Grease star, John Travolta, posted a heartfelt message, which read: “My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. Your impact was incredible. I love you so much. “We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. Yours from the first moment I saw you and forever! Your Danny, your John!” Travolta and Newton-John played Danny Zuko and Sandy Olsson in the hit musical film Grease after Travolta persuaded her to take on the part. Newton-John had been hesitant as she was unsure about playing a teenager while 28 herself — she turned 29 while filming in 1977. Travolta and Newton-John’s joint songs "You're The One That I Want" and "Summer Nights" topped charts and their songs and characters are still “loved” by generations today.   