She-Hulk has been a while in the making as it was first announced to be in the works back in 2019. The Disney+ series will be Marvel Studios’ eighth television show set in the iconic Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), featuring some recognisable faces. Here’s everything you need to know to watch She-Hulk. Creators have been hard at work for the past three years on She-Hulk and now it’s almost time to see it brought to life on the small screen. She-Hulk: Attorney at Law will premiere on Thursday, August 18 on Disney+. The series will consist of nine episodes in total with a new instalment coming out every Thursday. As long as there are no scheduling delays, the grand finale will be released on Thursday, October 13. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood warns North-South divide as South struggles for water Leading the cast of She-Hulk as Jennifer Walters is Canadian actress Tatiana Maslany. She is best known for playing various characters on AMC and Netflix’s Orphan Black which won her a Primetime Emmy Award. Maslany has also been in Stronger, Parks and Recreation, Perry Mason and The Vow, just to make a few. Marvel fans will be thrilled to see some other characters from the superhero universe also crop up in the comedy. 13 Going on 30 actor Mark Ruffalo will reprise his memorable role as Smart Hulk. He will be joined the by the likes of Tim Roth as Emil Blonsky/the Abomination and Benedict Wong as Wong. Some of She-Hulk’s other cast members will include Renée Elise Goldsberry, Ginger Gonzaga, Josh Segarra and Jameela Jamil. So there will be plenty of the Marvel alumni cropping up to keep hardcore fans entertained. DON'T MISS... Ian Wright in Match of the Day gesture to Alan Sugar following jibe [EXPLAINER]Netflix vs Disney+ vs Prime Video: Which is best? [REVEALED]Disney Plus' Prey review: 'most effective Predator flick' [REVIEW] Yes, a trailer for She-Hulk was released by Disney+ back in May. The teaser starts off with Bruce Banner (played by Mark Ruffalo), teaching his cousins Jennifer Walters (Tatiana Maslaney) the way of the Hulk. Once she completes her training with flying colours, Jennifer says she wants to go back to her old job as a lawyer. This decision kick-starts the comedy’s plot as a law company opens up a special division which deals with superhuman cases. She-Hulk sees Jennifer return to work to take on cases involving those with extraordinary abilities. She finds herself having a conflict of interest though when Jennifer has to work with the Abomination (Tim Roth) who previously tried to kill her cousin Bruce. With the world now watching her every move, is Jennifer really going to be able to live a “normal” life with her powers known to the world? She-Hulk premieres on Thursday, August 18 on Disney+.