With the end of August almost upon us, many people’s tomato plants will be thriving. However, to get the best tomato harvest, it’s imperative gardeners prune their plants. Pruning tomatoes properly should help boost their growth which will ensure you get an abundance of delicious fruit. Pruning the plants can also help the plant receive more sunlight and therefore photosynthesise more effectively. Vine tomato plants require more pruning than bush tomato varieties. Bush tomatoes tend to ripen all the fruit in a shorter amount of time. Vine tomato plants will need dead shoots and leaves pruning regularly. READ MORE: Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 These are the three tips to remember when pruning tomato plants, including the key sign to look out for that your plant needs to be pruned. Remove any dead or yellowing leaves. Older tomato leaves can turn yellow because they’re trying to provide nitrogen to younger leaves. However, yellow leaves could also be a sign of iron deficiency.  DON'T MISSClean your oven with one lemon: How to eliminate grease with 30p trick [INSIGHT]‘Quickest way’ to revive your lawn right now - ‘repairs bare patches’ [UPDATE]‘Easy way’ to clean a stained toilet properly in 15 minutes [ANALYSIS] Yellow leaves are usually a key sign it’s time to start pruning. Tomato suckers which appear as side shoots that grow in the “V” space between the stem and a branch of a tomato plant need to be removed. Use pruning shears or your fingers to pull off the suckers if they’re less than two inches long. Not pruning these allows them to grow into full-sized branches. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The suckers will sap energy from the rest of the plant which could lead to smaller tomatoes. Ensure these suckers are removed when they’re as small as possible. Long-hanging branches touching the soil need to be removed as they are more prone to diseases and fungi. If these branches are left, they could infect the rest of the plant.  Prune tomatoes twice a week on the summer, according to Tom’s Guide. Some experts suggest pruning tomatoes when they’re small as soon as the flowers start to form. Water tomato plants regularly to keep them thriving. Stake tomato plants so they don’t topple over or trail along the ground.