KSI faces two opponents in one night during this evening’s proceedings at the O2 Arena in London. The British YouTube star kicks off his own card by facing rapper, Swarmz, in the opening bout of the evening before closing the show three hours later against 2-5 professional boxer Luis Pineda. With the event costing £11.99 on pay-per-view, plus a £7.99 a month DAZN subscription some will not be able to pay for the show. However, there will be a chance to view the card for free a few days later. Here, Express Sport shows you how. How to rewatch the fight for free The full fight and highlights of the main event/ full card will be available on the DAZN YouTube channel a few days after the event. Some selected undercard fights will also likely be uploaded by the streaming service. Fight time and venue KSI's fights with Swarmz and Pineda will go ahead on Saturday, August 27. KSI opens up the bill with his first fight against Swarmz at 7.10pm UK time, and then closes it against Pineda at around 10pm. Pineda has a pro record of 2 wins and 5 losses while Swarmz has never boxed before. The fight is being held at the O2 Arena in London. TV channel/Live stream KSI vs Swarmz and Pineda can be watched live on DAZN PPV in the UK. The fight will cost £11.99 to watch, on top of your £7.99-a-month subscription. The event can also be live streamed via the DAZN app, which is available for download onto all good internet-connected devices.  Full Card KSI vs Luis Alcaraz Pineda Faze Temper vs Slim King Kenny vs Faze Sensei Deji vs Fousey Sam Hyde vs IAMTHMPSN Salt Papi vs Andy Warski Deen the Great vs Evil Hero KSI vs Swarmz  MORE BOXING NEWS... KSI fired warning as boxing opponent Swarmz vows to confront Jake Paul Paul and Bellew used to roast Dubois after 'stupid' fight Joshua told to take 'spicy' clash after Usyk as part of fight plan  Quotes KSI: “With me fighting Swarmz, I felt like it wasn’t enough. I’ll probably get rid of him in one round. I thought it was cute he made a little diss track, it’s the only good thing he’s done in so many years musically. “You’re gonna swing for me and realise I’m not there and I’m gonna jab the f*ck out of you.” Swarmz: “If you knock me out first round, I will delete Instagram - I’m not Alex Wassabi, I’m not Joe Weller - I’m different.