Arsenal kickstarted their Premier League campaign in great fashion against Crystal Palace on Friday, though there was obvious room for improvement within the squad. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta will be hoping that a few more summer signings through the door could eke out further improvement from his ranks. The north London outfit beat Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on the night, with summer signings Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko making an obvious impact from the off. Gabriel Martinelli opened the scoring for Arteta’s side, heading home from close range following a corner routine straight from the training ground. Eagles defender Marc Guehi then headed into his own net in the 80th minute after Bukayo Saka fired a dangerous cross across the face of goal. Arteta was vocal about how he was impressed with how his side dealt with the pressures on the night and were mentally strong, and will be hoping to see an equally as comfortable display at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. The Spaniard won’t be overly keen to make too many changes to his side, though he could throw potential incomings Youri Tielemans and Pedro Neto in at the deep end and start them against the Foxes if they do sign for Arsenal. The pair have been linked with a move to the Gunners this summer, and with time running out, Arteta may push for their pursuits to be intensified. TRANSFER NEWS: Diaby to Arsenal 'one to watch' but face same obstacle as Newcastle Tielemans is out of contract at Leicester in 2023 and, at this stage, is showing no signs of penning a contract extension – meaning that the Foxes need to cash in on the Belgium international or risk him departing on a free transfer further down the line. It is believed that a fee in the region of £25million could be enough to lure the 25-year-old away from the King Power Stadium. Thomas Partey has been an integral part of Arteta’s plans when he has been available, and Tielemans is thus likely to play alongside him rather than instead of the former Atletico Madrid star – with Granit Xhaka dropping to the bench. It would be quite the kick in the teeth for Rodgers to sell a key player and then line up against them within the space of a week. DON'T MISS:Tottenham reach 'full agreement' to sign Destiny Udogie with new planDe Jong to Chelsea 'progressing' as Man Utd face nightmare scenarioMan Utd could be about to ‘devastate’ Van Nistelrooy with £40m deal  READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea 'internally discuss offering midfielder' to Leicester in Wesley Fofana swap bidChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activity  The Gunners could also welcome a much-desired right-winger to their ranks in the form of Neto this summer, who has been linked with the club previously. Wolves are set to sign Goncalo Guedes in the coming days, with Valencia boss Gennaro Gattuso confirming they had received a “huge proposal from a Premier League club”, which could greenlight a move from Arsenal for Neto. The north London outfit are understood to have held a long-term interest in the Portuguese playmaker, who made 13 appearances for Wolves last season after an injury-stricken campaign. If signed, the 22-year-old could replace Friday’s goalscorer Martinelli, who will have wanted to have had more of an impact against Palace barring his goal. Arsenal XI: Ramsdale, White, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko, Thomas, Tielemans, Saka, Odegaard, Neto, Jesus