 Daniil Medvedev has made his thoughts on Novak Djokovic’s chances of making it to the US Open clear after listing the favourites for the title. The Serb remains in doubt for the final Grand Slam of the year with America still not allowing unvaccinated travellers into the country and just 18 days until the tournament begins. Medvedev is the defending US Open champion, having beaten Djokovic in last year’s final when the world No 6 was bidding to win the Calendar Grand Slam. The 2021 winner has already admitted that he wants to see the Serb back in Flushing Meadows, but now it doesn’t seem convinced that he believes Djokovic will be there. After crashing out of the Montreal Masters to Nick Kyrgios on Wednesday, the world No 1 turned his attention to the upcoming Masters 1000 in Cincinnati and the US Open, where he will be attempting to defend a Grand Slam title for the first time in his career. Looking ahead to the tournaments, the 26-year-old admitted he would have tough competition but left Djokovic out of his list. Outlining his plans after an early exit in Canada, he said: “I will travel to Cincinnati on Friday, in order to fully acclimatise. I hope to play better there because I want to be in good shape for the US Open.” JUST IN: Kyrgios explains factor that has changed to make him US Open contender  Medvedev knew he had a challenge on his hands in New York as he reeled off the players he thought could trouble him, continuing: “I know that there will be great competition with Alcaraz, Nadal, Tsitsipas, we will see if Zverev will return.” With Djokovic noticeably absent from his list of rivals, it seems the Russian doesn’t believe the US government will relax their travel restrictions in time for Djokovic to make it to the US Open. It comes after he claimed that Joe Biden could have a “rebellion” on his hands as a result of the rules. DON'T MISS Kyrgios snubs Nadal and Djokovic with ranking claim after Medvedev winRoger Federer surprises fan in touching moment after five-year promiseAlcaraz's brutal admission after blowing match point in Montreal loss  “If we change the rules, there will be those who will rebel, because they are banned from entering the country, so they cannot work,” he said.  “Personally, if we are talking only from the point of view of tennis, without thinking about different positions, I want Novak to play at the US Open.” 