Netflix’s highly acclaimed thrilling series Stranger Things will return to screens with its fifth and final season to close a chapter on the supernatural forces in Hawkins. However, although fans have seen the Upside Down, it's been revealed more will be explained.   Stranger Things made its highly anticipated return with season four in May, and fans were transported back to Hawkins, Indiana where they were introduced to a number of new faces. This included a new villain Vecna who was later identified as Henry Creel (played by Jamie Campbell Bower). Throughout the series, the young friends have come across a number of supernatural forces such as the Demogorgon and the Mind Flayer, but none were as challenging as Vecna. Unlike any other villain, Vecna’s background was explored alongside how the upside down came to be, but it looks as though viewers haven’t seen everything. READ MORE: Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall  The show’s creators Matt and Ross Duffer opened up about the upcoming instalment and revealed more of the Upside Down would be explored. Ross stated: “The final reveal is going to be in season five, and we’re excited about that.” His brother Matt added: “[We’ve been] revealing more about the Upside Down, the origins of the Upside Down.” “All these things were goalposts. It’s not like there was someone called Vecna, but it was going to be about Number One.   “We knew we wanted this entity controlling everything, but it wasn’t really till we’d gotten into the [season four] that we figured out all the details,” they told IndieWire. During the most recent instalment, it was revealed Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) had faced Vecna, defeated him, and sent him to the Upside Down many years ago. However, the villain returned to torture and kill the people of Hawkins, and many watched in horror as it almost took Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink). Vecna was able to acquire people's secrets, and use their trauma to taunt and eventually overpower them. DON'T MISS...Camilla triumphs over Charles as royal couple go 'head-to-head' [INSIGHT]Are the Stranger Things cast friends in real life? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things’ Vecna star tribute to Kevin Costner ahead of project [INSIGHT]  Max was grieving the loss of her brother Billy Hargrove, (Dacre Montgomery) who was killed by the Mind Flayer when he attempted to stop it from killing Eleven. As she watched her brother's final moments, Max was riddled with guilt, which Vecna preyed on. The monster almost overpowered the teenager while she was visiting Billy’s grave, however, she was able to break free with the help of her friends. While her favourite song was playing in her headphones, Max began thinking of her happy memories which pushed aside Vecna’s attempt to taunt her.   As for the Upside Down, viewers have already seen that it is an alternate dimension which looked like a hellscape version of Hawkins. It had constant electric storms which eventually found its way into the real world. As well as Vecna residing in the Upside Down, the Demogorgon, Demobats and Mindflayer also came from there. Even though the friends thought they closed the gate to the upside down, a new one was formed, so alongside their toughest battle yet, viewers will also gain insight into the origins of the Upside Down. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available on Netflix 