Now Tory frontrunner Liz Truss, in Scotland on the campaign trail, has stepped into the fray and is backing the Daily Express' Unite the Kingdom crusade. Our mutual desire is to help keep the Union together, and to remain stronger as a result, and it will be to Ms Truss's advantage - already former Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has defected from the Rishi Sunak camp on this issue.  The truth is that Nicola Sturgeon's SNP has become a protest party. Rather than banging this tedious Indyref2 drum, Ms Sturgeon should be finding solutions for the many issues that face families in Scotland, such as the cost-of-living crisis. Despite an appeal to the Supreme Court, the SNP faces an uphill struggle.A second referendum cannot be held without authorisation from Westminster. Outgoing PM Boris Johnson refused to grant it, and Ms Truss is just as adamant that she won't allow it. Should she be elected, she has said it will be as Prime Minister for all the United Kingdom. Signalling the intentions of the UK's future government with such clarity is vital, if we are to avoid another round of fracture and disunity. This newspaper supports Ms Truss in the vital endeavour to keep our Union strong.  It seems long ago now, but in the tortuous first year of Covid the UK's vaccination production and distribution became a global triumph. Now we're set to repeat that achievement - by becoming the first country to approve an updated Covid-19 booster jab, created to target Omicron as well as other strains. The Government has agreed a contract with Moderna for 29 million doses this year, including access to newer vaccines, as well as another contract with Pfizer. It is testament to the innovation and creativity of our medical sector. Expect the boosters in the autumn, give three cheers to our NHS - and remain alert to Covid. The singer Adele's emotional life has been up and down, contributing to her searing and personal lyrics. But now the Tottenham-born singer says she has "never been in love like this" with her US sports agent boyfriend Rich Paul, 40. Now based in Los Angeles, 34-year-old Adele has been married once, has one child, and has said that she wants to have more. Let's wish her luck and hope that she heeds her mega-hit and stays "Easy on Me".