Protests are becoming the new norm at Manchester United, with supporters frustrated by their club's owners, the Glazers, and how they are operating. However, fans have been offered a reason to get excited as Michael Knighton has revealed that he has formed a consortium that will make an offer for the club ‘very shortly’. The Glazer family took over the Red Devils in 2005 – having bought their first shares in the club two years prior to that – and enjoyed plenty of success at Old Trafford. But many feel that the time has come for the group to sell, frustrated that the gulf in the quality of the club compared to rivals Manchester City and Liverpool is growing. Though former director Knighton may be coming to the rescue of supporters as he is working on a ‘hostile bid’ to take over. He revealed: “We are a club in crisis, and we all know the reason why. We have an inept and frankly useless ownership who knows little about this game of football. “Everyone knows that we need new ownership in this football club. That is my aim. Those are objectives. We’re now working on the offer document. Remember it’s a hostile bid which means the club isn’t for sale.“ JUST IN: Man Utd 'offered Morata' in latest transfer twist to engulf Red Devils “But my intention is to present these owners with a legitimate, potent and proper commercial offer to say you’ve run out of road, it's time to go because your time is up.” As United are not ‘up for sale’, it remains to be seen how the Glazers react to the proposal and just how quickly they come to an agreement on the offer. A sharp ‘no’ would suggest that they are to remain as owners, but a delayed answer could be enough to convince other interested parties to come forward knowing that offers will truly be considered.  Knighton spoke of the fan protests, saying: “Of course, they will protest, and quite rightly. It is the only way they can vent their frustration and disappointment and hope that the current ownership sit up and finally listen and, ultimately, decide to sell their shareholding. “My consortium is ready and waiting, the funds are pledged, the offer document is being drawn up and it will be presented shortly. We’re still waiting for the great Sir Jim Ratcliffe to come forward because he solves all our problems, and makes my job redundant, but until Jim comes, my consortium will be placing their bid very shortly. That, I guarantee.”