If you’re thinking of selling your home right now, take notice of new research which suggests that only including seasonal planting in your garden ideas – so flowers and plants which only look their best at certain times of year – could scare viewers off from making an offer. From encouraging mould to causing structural damages, experts have commented on plants to avoid growing if homeowners are looking to put their property on the market anytime soon. Samantha Richards, gardening expert at Gazeboshop explained: "Garden owners should consider the plants they choose wisely. Selecting plants that centre around one season can be damaging if the homeowner puts their home on the market at the opposite half of the year.    "Instead, having a mixture of shrubs and trees, with perennials that respond well to deadheading will ensure months of colour." Annuals in pots are a quick and easy way to add colour for viewings – yellow is said to attract the eye of not just bees, but buyers – so choose daffodils, marigolds, chrysanthemums, pansies – depending on the season. But avoid relying on huge beds of annuals which will need swapping out every three or four months, if you’re in a temperate zone at least. When growing plants for a sale homeowners should also be aware that plants date within weeks, warns Robin Antill, director of Leisure Buildings. He said: "Though you may want to advertise your home in the spring when everything is in bloom, the reality is that if it doesn't sell soon, it may remain on the market throughout the year. READ MORE: Home improvements to avoid that devalue your house by 20%  "It's essential to balance your landscaping for different seasons." Homeowners looking to sell their home this year, experts warn against including these plants in your flower bed ideas. Privet has a bad reputation. Mention it to the average gardener and they picture a big, boring plant with green leaves that must be constantly battled with to stop it taking over, and which seeds wildly in every direction. This plant invades its surrounding areas and ends up getting itself banned in multiple areas. Brady Bridges of Reside Real Estate in Fort Worth, TX, shared that he hated the plants privet. DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS]Four ‘effective’ and ‘natural’ ways to deter pigeons from your garden [INSIGHT] He said: "The flowers are small, white and dull and only appear in summer, followed by poisonous blackberries. "Also, privet grows rapidly – up to 20 ft tall – and crowds out a garden fast. "This plant then prevents sunlight from entering the space as well as the garden floor." When they’re in bloom in springtime, these shrubs look amazing, and rhododendrons are one of the best shrubs for privacy. However, as soon as the flowers start to fall, the leaves add little to gardens. READ MORE: ‘Tough’ garden plants you ‘can’t kill’ - ‘tolerates harsh conditions’  Plus, some species, including rhododendron and mountain laurel, can be very invasive if not pruned properly, and even cause structural damage and infestation. Eric Mohlenhoff, a licensed home inspector at Remedy Inspections warned: "Bushes or shrubs planted too close to the exterior siding can cause mould growth and a path for insects to enter the home." This delicate-looking plant is often mistaken for forget-me-not or borage with tiny blue flowers that can brighten shady areas, especially near ponds, in early summer. However, green alkanet is hugely invasive and difficult to maintain, says SC estate agent Dino DiNenna at Hilton Head Realty. He said: "If these plants are planted near the home wall, it causes structural damage in the long run.   "It is also not wise to plant any weed-type plant – green alkanet has deep tap roots – that can spread rapidly and uncontrollably." Estate agent Kurt Grosse at the Realty One Group, says plants that devalue a property year-round include grass that doesn’t have an actual purpose. He said: "We are in a serious drought and if there is grass with only decorative use, it’s not normal and expensive to maintain. 'Trees that require a lot of water also devalue a property. "Examples include Cottonwood trees and some palms. Fruit-bearing olive trees and high pollen trees often need to be removed for the same reason."