Nick Kyrgios has been given the edge for the upcoming US Open despite losing to Hurbert Hurkacz in Montreal. The Pole ended the world No 37’s nine-match winning streak with a 7-6(4) 6-7(5) 6-1 win on Friday but downplayed the significance of the result as he lauded Kyrgios as the “best” player over the likes of Rafael Nadal, who is yet to lose a Grand Slam match this year. Kyrgios has cemented himself as a contender for the US Open title, though his hopes received a slight blow when he bowed out of the Montreal Masters with a one-sided final set defeat to the world No 10. Prior to the match, the Aussie had been undefeated since reaching the Wimbledon final as he won the doubles title in Atlanta before clinching singles and doubles glory in Washington. But the 27-year-old’s conqueror still appears to be backing the seven-time title winner ahead of the upcoming US Open, claiming that Kyrgios was the “best” player over the likes of Nadal and Novak Djokovic despite losing their match. “Nick is the best, if not one of the best players in the world right now. I’m proud of this win and I’m ready for what’s next,” Hurkacz said after a three-set battle with the Australian. It gives the recent Wimbledon finalist a big boost going into the last Grand Slam of the year, with his rivals believing he is the man at the top of the game right now - even over Nadal, who has not lost a match at a Major this season. JUST IN: Djokovic US Open ban slammed amid claim Federer or Nadal would be ok  The Spaniard lifted the titles at the Australian Open and French Open before reaching the Wimbledon semi-final, where he was due to play Kyrgios. But he pulled out on the eve of their clash after sustaining a 7mm abdominal tear and has been sidelined ever since, only set to make his comeback in Cincinnati next week. Hurkacz admitted that his victory over the world No 37 was no easy feat, with the first two sets going to a tiebreak. “The first two sets were like a boxing match,” the eighth seed said after the one-hour-and-46-minute clash. DON'T MISS Raducanu to take on Serena Williams in Western & Southern Open clashWhat Raducanu and Williams have said about each other ahead of clashNovak Djokovic's US Open preparations take fresh hit despite new twist  “Nick has been playing some incredible tennis throughout the past weeks, so it is a pleasure playing against him.” Hurkacz now faces Casper Ruud for a spot in tomorrow’s final, while Kyrgios will head to Cincinnati for his last warm-up tournament before the US Open.  The 27-year-old has a tough opening match as he faces Alejandro Davidovich Fokina, the world No 36 who upset Novak Djokovic at the Monte Carlo Masters back in April before reaching the final. But if Hurkacz’s words are anything to go by, Kyrgios shouldn’t have much trouble as the current “best” player. 