One of Emma Raducanu’s colleagues on the WTA Tour has lifted the lid on how the Brit will be feeling ahead of her clash with Serena Williams. The world No 10 will face the 23-time Grand Slam champion in a blockbuster first-round match at the Cincinnati Open on Monday, and Jessica Pegula has explained what will be going through Raducanu’s mind. Raducanu is set to be one of the final faces to take on Williams after the 40-year-old announced her impending retirement. The Grand Slam champions drew one another in the opening round of the Western & Southern Open, and will headline Monday’s night session in Cincinnati. While Williams will be arguably the biggest name Raducanu will face in her career, world No 7 Pegula has revealed that the Bromley teenager will likely be relishing the chance to test herself against one of the sport’s greatest, instead of finding herself intimidated by the challenge. “Serena's kind of on her way out. And Emma's already won a Slam, but still on her way in,” Pegula said of their upcoming face-off. “And it will just be kind of cool to see the two of them out there.” JUST IN: Aussie star shares 'salty' tweet after being kept from Cincinnati draw  And this week’s Toronto semi-finalist thought that Raducanu would feel the same about the match, adding: “I'm sure it's kind of cool for her, at least she gets to play Serena. Serena isn't going to play after the US Open so that will be exciting.” The former Washington champion also noted that the British No 1 had enjoyed some success at the D.C. tournament last week, despite an early exit in Montreal, so will be coming into her match against Williams with some momentum. DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios responds as footage emerges showing Medvedev heckledRaducanu and Osaka inspire new drama from Line Of Duty producersNadal fans raise US Open injury fears after Cincinnati training regime  “That's a nice popcorn match I guess for everyone,” she said of Raducanu and Williams’ first - and most likely last - meeting. “Serena hasn't been playing that much. Emma at least got a little momentum in DC, lost a tough match to Giorgi here. It will be interesting.” The American also shared her thoughts on her compatriot’s decision to retire, continuing: “I think everyone's in awe of what she's done and it's kind of sad, I guess, to see it sort of come to an end. But there's not much else I can say. I think everything she's done kind of speaks for itself.” 