Liverpool could make three changes as they welcome Crystal Palace at Anfield for their first home game of the season on Monday night. Jurgen Klopp has a big decision to make after Darwin Nunez's impact off the bench in last Saturday's Premier League-opening draw against Fulham. Liverpool will be hungry to enter the win column to kick start their latest title challenge, but at least two switches in personnel have been forced upon Klopp due to untimely injuries. Express Sport predicts how the Reds could line up for Palace's visit to Merseyside. No surprises here. Alisson couldn't do much about either of Aleksandar Mitrovic's goals in the disappointing 2-2 stalemate at Craven Cottage last weekend. He'll be determined to get his first clean sheet of the season on the board this time around, with his Manchester City counterpart Ederson already two ahead in the race for the Golden Glove. JUST IN: Man Utd: Ten Hag ‘tore into players’ and deals Brentford punishment  There's likely to be one change in Klopp's defence due to an injury sustained to Joel Matip this week. Trent Alexander-Arnold will start at right-back, with his wide partner in crime Andy Robertson lining up on the left as both eye their first goal contributions of the league campaign. Virgil van Dijk is also likely to keep his place in the heart of the back line, but he's set to have a different centre-back partner in Matip's absence. With Ibrahima Konate also ruled out, Joe Gomez could receive the chance for a rare Premier League start. READ MORE: Man Utd: Ten Hag has four reasons to quit already after Brentford loss  Klopp's biggest concern heading into the Palace clash will be the injury Thiago picked up against Fulham, which is set to keep him sidelined for the next six weeks. The Spaniard joins Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Curtis Jones unavailable for selection. Fabinho should start at the foot of Liverpool's midfield as usual, with Jordan Henderson captaining the side on the right of a three. Naby Keita has returned from the illness that kept him out of the opener in west London, and he could take Thiago's place over Harvey Elliott or Fabio Carvalho. Mohamed Salah started his latest Premier League season with a bang at Fulham, playing a key role in Nunez's first equaliser before netting the second leveller himself. Luis Diaz should keep his place on the left side of the attack, but Klopp has a big call to make in the centre. And it's time he pulled the trigger. After coming off the bench for Roberto Firmino to score in both of Liverpool's games so far this term, Nunez could be in line for his first competitive start for the Reds.