As if parenting three children wasn't busy enough, Kate Middleton also keeps a busy diary of royal engagements. To keep energised and in tip-top shape for her active lifestyle, Kate depends on a healthy eating plan and invigorating exercises. The Duchess of Cambridge glows at every outing, and she's thought to take care to include lots of nutrients in her daily diet. One way she does this is through a super healthy smoothie packed with fruit and vegetables. A source once told the MailOnline: "She drinks smoothies morning and afternoon, containing spirulina, kale, matcha (a finely ground green tea powder), spinach, romaine, cilantro and blueberries."  READ MORE: Prince George and Princess Charlotte's new school has unusual routine For her lunches, Kate is said to frequently turn to a watermelon salad with avocado, onion, cucumber and feta cheese. The gut-friendly dressing includes olive oil, apple cider vinegar, lime juice and a touch of salt and pepper. For dinner, Kate is known to adore spice, but she will also regularly make Prince William's favourite, roast chicken, or pizzas with her children. William has also spoken on one occasion about how he and his wife enjoy sushi too.  While Kate takes her health seriously, she is thought to indulge in a gin and tonic in the evenings after a long day juggling parenting and royal work. Kate is also a keen amateur baking, telling TV chef Mary Berry that she owns her cookbook in the 2019 TV special, A Berry Royal Christmas. Kate is also known to bake her three children a birthday cake every year, telling Mary: “I love making the cake. “It’s become a bit of a tradition that I stay up ’til midnight with ridiculous amounts of cake mix and icing and I make far too much. But I love it.”  DON'T MISS:Charlotte's 'best type of uncle and auntie' but it's not the Sussexes [ANALYSIS]Queen Letizia of Spain's 'super cute shorts' cost just £8 - pictures [PICTURES]Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare [INSIGHT] Kate is famed for being one of the Royal Family's sportiest members, and she always gets stuck in at fitness-related engagements. But in her free time, Kate is thought to enjoy going for runs and is reportedly a fan of the fitness trend CrossFit. Kate is patron of the Lawn Tennis Association and is thought to enjoy the sport in a personal capacity too, recently showing off her skills during a friendly match with tennis ace Emma Raducanu. And when with her family, Kate enjoys long walks, bike riding and skiing holidays when they get the chance. 