The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in Montecito after quitting royal duties, are reportedly filming the show as part of their lucrative deal with the streaming giant. But royal commentator Daniela Elser warned that "potentially hundreds of millions of dollars are riding on" the series. Ms Elser claimed the "fortunes" for both Netflix and the Sussexes have "lurched wildly" since Harry and Meghan signed their multi-million pound deal in 2020. The columnist highlighted how the streaming giant lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Meanwhile, she claimed Harry and Meghan were "not exactly the sizzlingly-hot property they were back then". Ms Elser claimed the couple have "failed to genuinely set themselves up as leading voices of the day" since stepping back as working royals. Writing for news.com.au, she said: "Potentially hundreds of millions of dollars are riding on this docuseries for the self-supporting, private jet-flying, polo-loving Sussexes. "If it turns out that the Duke and Duchess are TV gold, if they are about to demonstrate that they are binge-worthy stars who can pull in streaming viewers globally, then their US careers are set. Get another polo pony! Hell, buy seven. "But, if they fail to live up to the hype and the rhetoric? The huge sums being touted and all those lovely millions supposedly coming their way could dry up faster than a Californian lake." Harry and Meghan sealed their deal with Netflix after quitting as working royals in March 2020 for a new life in the US. However fans are still waiting for the first show to be released. Earlier this year it was reported the couple were filming an at-home docuseries for the streaming giant. A source told Page Six that Netflix was "getting its pound of flesh" from Harry and Meghan with the series. It came after it emerged in May that Meghan's animated show Pearl had been dropped. The series was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Netflix insisted at the time Archewell Productions remained a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. It comes as Harry and Meghan are set to visit the UK next month for the first time since the Platinum Jubilee. They will also travel to Germany as part of their trip to support "several charities close to their hearts", their spokesman said.