Scenes from the airport show long queues as tourists wait to join the queue. One passenger claimed there were more than 1,000 people waiting in the queues. One Twitter user shared images from inside the terminal. They wrote: "At @manchesterairp Manchester Airport. TWO A380 @emirates flights together going to @dubaiairports. "Baggage system has failed so there are over 1200 people queueing down the car park & in the terminal... NIGHTMARE!" READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade Another Twitter user, Alex Rigby, reported waiting an hour and a half for his baggage after landing in Manchester this afternoon. He wrote: "Passport Fast Track is a dream - just £25 quid to whisk the family through the massive queues in seconds, so we can make the most of our 1.5hr wait in baggage reclaim. (Still here...)." Express.co.uk has approached both Emirates and Manchester Airport for comment on the queues. Although the aiport hasn't updated customers on the situation, it did give out a warning to holidaymakers over the weekend.  It said: "Take time, take care, take flight. "Travelling from Manchester Airport this summer? Prepare your hand luggage for security screening and arrive no more than three hours before your flight." Apart from the long queues reported by passengers at the airport this afternoon, holidaymakers were making their way quickly through security this morning. Passengers at Terminals One, Two and Three reported getting through security in under half an hour this morning, with those who had dropped bags at check-in first noting the whole process had taken less than an hour, according to Manchester World. However, travellers waiting to pick up their bags at the baggage carousel warned others of long waits. Twitter user Roger Knight said this morning: "Don’t use @tuiuk @manairport or any airline that uses @swissportnews for baggage handling. "4am and been waiting well over an hour for our bags. None of these companies deserves your custom." TUI responded: "Hi my apologies for the delay. As we are not a live platform sorry we could not reply in time for a live update. "The baggage handlers are not employed by TUI but by the airport direct. I do apologise for the delay, if you still need assistance please let us know!" Official Manchester Aiport statistics show that in July, 92 percent of people passed through security in under 30 minutes. Ian Costigan, Chief Operating Officer of Manchester Airport, said last month: "We have made huge progress since April, having seen 600 people start work in security since the beginning of the year, with a further 280 waiting to clear background checks and start. "And we are pleased to report that, as staff numbers have grown, the experience provided to the vast majority of our passengers has improved. "Throughout July, more than 92 percent of people got through security in under 30 minutes. "We were particularly pleased to see that in the last seven days, more than 95 percent passed through in under 30 minutes, and nearly three-quarters in under 15 minutes." Clarification: A previous version of the article said the baggage system at Manchester Airport had failed. Manchester Airport said there was no technical issue with the baggage system.