Mark Wright, 35, has just filmed the UK travel show A Wright Old Adventure with his dad, Mark senior, and brother, Josh. During that time, he “fell off the bandwagon” and told Express.co.uk he had left his family fearing for his health. “We were on the road the whole time,” said Mark. “We were working till like 12 at night, getting up at seven every morning on like, literally all day every day, they were such long days. “Because I'd worked hard leading up to it, I just thought, ‘You know what, I'm going to throw the diet away for a week when I first start, and I'll stop in different food places and just eat whatever.’ “I was waking up in the morning in the car on the journey to work, I was literally falling asleep in the car. “I wasn't going on my daily run in the morning, which my brother was doing. “And my brother actually went to me, ‘Have you got Covid?’ I said, ‘I don't know, I just feel absolutely shattered.’” Mark continued: “After about day five I was like, you know what, I think it is my diet change, because I've just been completely off the bandwagon. “And as soon as I changed it again, because I didn't want to change, I wanted three weeks where I just enjoyed myself and didn't think about it. “So I was travelling, and it was an enjoyable show. “I didn't want to just think about dieting and the gym and stuff. I wanted to have the whole three weeks off, but I didn't. “I had to go straight back to eating nutritious foods because my energy was just horrendous,” he added. “You’ve got to have a rest, it’s very important to do that, to give your mind and your body a rest from thinking about it all the time. DON'T MISS...APITS's Jasmine Harmans reacts as she's told 'not to wear mini dress' [LATEST]Stacey Dooley announces she's expecting first child with Kevin Clifton [ANNOUNCEMENT]Kevin Bacon issues sad family update after suffering tragic loss [UPDATE] “But literally after a week I'm like, ‘Oh my god, I cannot wait to get back to eating healthy and going to the gym.’ “I just missed that feeling.” Mark also opened up on life in Australia, as he was visiting wife Michelle Keegan for a month. Michelle has moved down under while she films BBC drama Ten Pound Poms. “I’m having a great time, I got here about ten days ago,” Mark revealed to Express.co.uk. “I’m here for over a month. It's lovely. It was nice. I mean obviously it is colder and the weather has been a bit rainy. “But what's nice about it is - I am someone that can't sit still, even if I've got a day off work I'll always make myself busy with something - but here, I can’t. “So when Michelle's at work, I just get to train, and it's so healthy here, every other shop corner is an acai bowl place or whatever!”