To mark the 25th anniversary of Diana, Princess of Wales’ death, Channel 4 has produced a four-part documentary series that explores the circumstances surrounding the tragic incident. ‘Investigating Diana: Death in Paris’ examines the evidence from the perspective of both the British police and the French cops who were tasked with finding the truth. The first episode, which aired on Sunday evening, delves into the “countless” conspiracy theories that circulated following the death of ‘The People’s Princess’. In the early hours of August 31, 1997, Princess Diana and her partner Dodi Al-Fayed were travelling from the Ritz Hotel in Paris when they were involved in a car crash.Diana, Dodi and the driver of the Mercedes-Benz, Henri Paul, all died from injuries sustained in the crash.The only survivor was Trevor Rees-Jones, the princess's bodyguard.Some reports claim Mr Rees-Jones survived because he was the only one wearing a seatbelt, but others suggest that none of the occupants were using them. READ MORE: Diana note ‘predicting death’ not handed to investigators for six years, new claims Two investigations concluded that the crash was an accident caused by Mr Paul, who was under the influence of alcohol and prescription drugs, and lost control of the vehicle at high speed.In 1999, a French investigation found that Mr Paul was solely responsible for the crash.Some nine years later, the jury at a British inquest returned a verdict of unlawful killing through grossly negligent driving by Mr Paul and the following paparazzi vehicles.This wound up a four-year investigation into the conspiracy theories surrounding the incident, named ‘Operation Paget’. But, while some accepted the official verdict of events, others believed more sinister forces were at play.Here, Express.co.uk explores some of the conspiracy theories surrounding the death of Princess Diana. Richard Tomlinson, a former MI6 officer who was dismissed from the intelligence services and later served five months in prison for breaching the Official Secrets Act 1989, claimed in a sworn statement to the French inquiry that Britain's MI6 had been involved in the crash.The BBC had previously reported Mr Tomlinson's claim Mr Paul was working for the security services. and that one of Diana's bodyguards, either Mr Rees-Jones or Kes Wingfield, was a contact for British intelligence. However, at the 2008 inquest, Mr Tomlinson said he may have misremembered and admitted he had no evidence that Mr Paul was an MI6 agent.The inquest was later told by an anonymous MI6 manager that MI6 were not keeping any file on either the Princess or Dodi, and there was no plan involving them. Mr Tomlinson’s claims were dismissed as an embellishment and were deemed largely responsible for giving rise to the theories Diana was murdered. Henri Paul became central to the theory that a covert operation was put in place to have Diana’s car crash. Mr Paul, who was the head of security at the Ritz, was not meant to be working on the night of the incident and was specially called to chauffer Diana and Dodi.The theory suggests that Mr Paul was an informant for the security services who may have deliberately caused the crash.As well as Mr Tomlinson’s claims, the theory was largely based on money in his possession at the time of his death and his personal wealth.But, as pointed out in the Operation Paget report and by Brigade Criminelle chief Martine Monteil, Mr Paul was a single man with no children or dependents, whose financial situation aligned with his lifestyle and salary at the Ritz.Ms Monteil said: “He made good money at the Ritz. I think he was also getting good tips under the table, if you know what I mean, because he was doing favours, he knew how to be helpful.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS] Conspiracy theorists also suggested the sample of blood, used to determine Mr Paul’s alcohol level, was actually taken from someone else, arguing that the driver was sober that night.However, in 2009, the BBC reported DNA samples confirmed the blood samples with high alcohol levels were indeed from Mr Paul. Soon after news emerged Diana had died in a car crash, many newspapers claimed Mr Paul was three or four times over the drink-drive limit.“Drunk at 121mph” was printed on the cover of The Sun in the days following the crash, with Mr Paul’s alcohol consumption becoming the new focus. Claude Garrec, who had been best friends with him for 23 years, told the recent Channel 4 documentary how the national media treated the driver “like a drunk” following his death. He said: “They treated him like a drunk. Henri wasn’t like that. He was a bon vivant but by no means an alcoholic driver.” Eric Gigou, of the Brigade Criminelle, described CCTV images before the crash which showed Mr Paul “behaving normally”. Mr Gigou said: “He [Mr Paul] does not stagger. He seems normal. If Henri Paul had stumbled or been incoherent, he would have never got behind the wheel.”Analysis indicated that Mr Paul had 175 milligrammes of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood, compared with the legal limit of 50 milligrammes per 100 millilitres.Anti-depressants and traces of an anti-psychotic in his blood may have worsened Mr Paul's inebriation. According to Mohamed Al-Fayed, Dodi’s father, MI6 had Diana and his son murdered on the order of the Royal Family (specifically Prince Philip) as the princess was pregnant with Dodi's child. It was also said the pair were about to announce their engagement, an event Mohamed claimed was unpalatable for the Royal Family as they “could not accept an Egyptian Muslim could eventually be the stepfather of the future King of England”. And so, MI6 and the “Establishment” allegedly put a special operation into place to have Diana and Dodi killed. However, post-mortem examinations found no signs that Diana was pregnant. As for the proposal, while Dodi had purchased a ring, no evidence suggested that it had been presented to Diana at the time of her death. And according to those closest to her, including her butler and confidante Paul Burrell, also suggested marriage was the last thing on Diana’s mind. Lady Annabel Goldsmith, who spoke with Diana two days before her death, claimed the princess had declared: “I need marriage like a rash on my face." Mr Andanson's death in May 2000, Mr Al-Fayed claimed, was either due to guilt over what he had done or because he was assassinated by the French or British security services to silence him. However, Operation Paget found evidence that debunked this claim; Mr Andanson’s Fiat Uno was in an unroadworthy condition at the time and had not been maintained for several years prior. It was concluded that it was extremely unlikely that Mr Andanson’s car was the one at the scene of the crash. Paparazzi and photojournalists were immediately in the firing line following the incident. It was said Mr Paul was driving at a high speed to get away from the paparazzi, who were following the vehicle on mopeds. There were also allegations the paparazzi were deliberately chasing the car to make it crash. However, no criminal conspiracy was found by Operation Paget regarding the actions of the paparazzi. While their flashing cameras likely caused Mr Paul to speed up, no ill intentions on behalf of the paparazzi could be established. The behaviour of the paparazzi was declared entirely normal for them. Several witnesses stated seeing bright flashes around Diana’s car before and after it entered the tunnel. One in particular, François Levistre, made a clear claim that he saw a bright flash. During the Channel 4 documentary, he said: “Everything is quiet. I get in my car and drive. “At the beginning, there’s no one behind me. I keep on accelerating and when you’re in a tunnel, and a motorbike comes through the tunnel, there’s a huge noise. “The car enters the tunnel. The motorbike enters the tunnel. The motorbike accelerates and then it cuts in front. “When they cut in front of the car, there was a white flash to dazzle the guy at the wheel. There’s a blast. The car rears up like a horse. “One of the guys in black gets off his bike, goes over to the car, looks at the car. He looks at his mate, he turns back. Enough.” However, the French investigators, and later those working on Operation Paget, could not find any evidence to corroborate Mr Levistre’s claims. While other witnesses did allegedly see bright flashes, they all saw different ones, from different angles, and at different times. Operation Paget concluded there were many flashes that night caused by the paparazzi's cameras and headlights in general, but none were found to be overtly malicious. One of the biggest claims is that the princess did not die on impact and instead her treatment at the scene of the crash was deliberately delayed to prevent her from surviving. Diana was treated at the scene of the crash for an extended period of time before she was eventually transported to the hospital. Conspiracy theorists have claimed the doctors treating her were in collusion with security services to ensure Diana died that night. Unlike in the UK, in France, treatment at the scene is prioritised before moving the patient to the hospital. In the UK, it is reversed. Operation Paget concluded: “To believe that the medical treatment given to the Princess of Wales formed part of a wider conspiracy, it would have to be accepted that several experienced independent French medical specialists of some distinction were part of a predetermined collaboration and deliberately acted in breach of medical ethics. The evidence is that every effort was made to save her life”.