The Grand Tour host will be back behind the desk on Saturday night hoping to help one lucky contestant walk away with a life-changing million pounds. However, speaking ahead of the new series, Jeremy Clarkson admitted he was “alarmed” by one hopeful’s tactics which saw them lose a staggering amount of money. Jeremy recalled: “I think we've had our biggest ever drop. “Somebody went to £125,000 without a safety net and, can I say this?, they f***ed it up.” The presenter added: “That really was an extremely alarming moment. Horrific. “Can you imagine going home after you’ve lost £124,000?” READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry While Jeremy was left horrified by the contestant’s decision not to use a safety net for so long, he admitted he was also baffled by the celebrity contestants. “With the celeb one I haven't got a f***ing clue who half the people are,” he confessed. The former Top Gear host went on to add he struggles with the Ask the Host lifeline. The option to get advice from Jeremy was introduced when the studio audience was taken out due to Covid. “You know at some point they are going to ask me and that really is unnerving,” Jeremy stated. “You can be 99 percent sure you know the answer but the doubt in my head takes 10 years off my life every time.” The return of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire comes after spin-off series Fastest Finger First launched this week. Anita Rani is at the helm of the quiz show which sees contestants attempt to win a place on the main series. DON'T MISS...Kaleb Cooper fingers are ‘completely burned off’ in painful accident [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson's 'excitement' as girlfriend Lisa requested lap dance [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson blasts Meghan Markle after 'fire' incident [UPDATE] Speaking on the first episode, she explained: “The brand new quiz show has a prize many can't buy - a place on Who Wants to be a Millionaire. "For the first time ever, there's another way to earn a place in the hot seat alongside Jeremy Clarkson." Five contestants then had to battle it out to be the fastest finger to answer several questions. But those tuning into the new series were left disappointed and slammed the format. Viewer @IndeedItsMark posted: “Oh dear how devoid of ideas are #ITV that they have to make a quiz show out of the first round of #WWTBAM Shocking! #FastestFingerFirst.” While @Aaronplem asked: "Now there’s the Spin off Show #FastestFingerFirst, Does that mean they’ve dropped Fastest Finger First from @MillionaireUK? Is this the newest way of getting on the show?" “So this is a game show to get on a game show? My word, what a waste of time. #fastestfingerfirst,” @answer_me_this8 tweeted. Who Wants to Be a Millionaire returns Saturday on ITV at 9.30pm.