Communication planet Mercury enters action-oriented Virgo at 7.57am BST, and it’ll remain here until August 25. During this cycle, you might find yourself paying more attention to detail, efficiency, and streamlining. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 4. Mercury rules communication and while transiting in Virgo, it’ll be this sign’s traits bearing influence on this aspect. Virgos are known for being diligent, meticulous, action and detail-oriented, patient, and reliable, and these are the influences that will weave throughout our communication during the cycle. Cafe Astrology said: “We seek more precision in speech, thought, method, and process. “Dealing with details is natural and comfortable.” READ MORE: NASA unleashes fury as China rocket comes CRASHING back down to Earth  However, Cafe Astrology advised: “We need to be careful not to lose perspective if we find ourselves overly focused on the details. “We should also be aware of the possibility of expressing ourselves too factually, so much so that we come across as dry, critical, or unimaginative.” This transit brings the perfect time to sort, organise, and analyse, as analytical Virgo’s particular need for order and structure will positively influence these areas. Cafe Astrology said: “We gravitate to useful information and enjoy helping others with our knowledge during this period.”  When Mercury moves to form a minor square with healing Chiron in the evening, a greater focus on insecurities might make it awkward to express thoughts naturally. Paired with the Mercury-Virgo transit placing a more factual and critical layer over communication, expect a minor stall in conveying yourself. The Moon will continue its transit of Libra until 12.47pm, when it will move into passionate and perceptive Scorpio. Make the most of Libra’s balancing energies as Scorpio Moons are known for a deeper and more intense transit. DON'T MISS: Property: How to 'refresh' your kitchen for 'a few hundred pounds' [EXPLAINED]‘Easily avoidable’ factors that can devalue your home [ANALYSIS]‘Treat leaves like solar panels’ to save brown foliage on houseplants [INSIGHT]    The Moon School said: “Under a Scorpio Moon, without boundaries or limitations, there’s no middle ground when it comes to emotion. “So what could be ‘middle’ becomes too wide, and extremes are formed.” The void Moon will occur from 7.20am, with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs - a square to Pluto. This period is a great time to finish the projects started before the void Moon, make to-do lists, rest, and get rid of excess. 