Want to find out how to watch Arsenal vs Fulham online and on your television? While the Premier League clash won't be shown live on satellite or terrestrial channels in the UK, it's possible to watch anywhere using a VPN. Our favourite streaming VPN, ExpressVPN, is currently offering three months for free for all new customers. Kick-off is scheduled at 5.30pm today (Saturday August 27, 2022) with coverage available on Peacock TV in the United States. Televised coverage starts from 12:30pm EST or 9:30am PST. Highlights of the Premier League fixture at the Emirates Stadium will be available to watch on Match of the Day on BBC later on Saturday. Arsenal take on Fulham on Saturday August 27, 2022 at the Emirates at 5:30pm, and you'll need to have tickets if you want to watch. The referee is Jarred Gillett and VAR from Michael Oliver. Outside of the UK? If you’re currently abroad on holiday or a work trip, you’ll need to use a VPN to stream the game from anywhere on the planet. In our opinion, the best VPN for streaming is ExpressVPN. For a limited time, you’ll get three months free when you sign-up for the top-rated VPN to catch all of the action from the Emirates. Coverage of Arsenal vs Fulham in the United States is handled by Peacock TV. This US-only streaming service allows you to watch a single match for just $4.99. You'll need to be in the United States to start watching, with coverage beginning at 12:30pm EST or 9:30am PST. Arsenal are on a winning streak having won their last three games and will be looking to take another victory home to the Emirates. It’s the best start the Gunners have had in 18 years, while newly promoted Fulham reigned victorious over Brentford with a last-minute goal. It looks like it’s going to be a tough one but Arsenal’s winning record and home base advantage might see them edge over Fulham to take another three points. Mikel Arteta has played the same starting formation and will be eager to challenge Marco Silva’s formation with his line-up. Expected on the pitch for Arsenal this Saturday is Gabriel Jesus who contributed to 11 goals in his last seven Premier League appearances, most notably scoring a hat trick against Leicester City. Other players predicted to play include Gabriel Martinelli, Bukayo Saka, Granit Xhaka, Gabriel, Aaron Ramsdale. While for Fulham, Joe Bryan is expected to return following recovering from an injury and will be alongside Bernd Leno, João Palhinha, Andreas Pereira, Kenny Tete and more.