Flight attendant CiCi, boasts more than 73,000 followers on her TikTok account. She regularly shares her travel advice online, and recently shared a tip after a terrifying encounter. She claimed a woman attempting to break into hotel rooms was arrested right outside her door. Cici warned that even if someone claims to work for the hotel, you should not let them into your room. The cabin crew employee said: "If someone knocks at the door and says they are housekeeping and you didn't order anything, call the front desk. "I'm pretty sure that's what happened today. A woman was knocking on the door claiming to be housekeeping. Needless to say, she was arrested, right outside my hotel door." READ MORE: 'Life changing’: Flight attendant shares hard-to-spot sign to help passengers with luggage This is not the only case of people attempting to break into hotel rooms pretending to be housekeeping. In a similar story, a woman was arrested after attempting to break into the Four Points by Sheraton Bellingham (in Washington last year. The victim told police the woman claimed to be housekeeping and asked to check the room. However, while in the room the woman stole the guest's keys, wallet, and credit cards and $2,300 (£1,910.21) in cash. DON'T MISSFlight attendant's hotel hack - avoid being robbed using 'tissue' [EXPERT] 'Never' eat anything onboard a plane before taking a crucial precaution [INSIDER] Why flight attendants insist tables and seats go up to land [INSIGHT] Cici added some more security tips, too, including a special alarm she puts under her door. "For added protection at night, use a door safety alarm," she recommended. She added: "Whenever you leave your room, make sure the door is fully shut. "Count the number of doors from your door to the fire exit." The latter tip is useful if there is a fire or another emergency in which you can't see. You will be able to feel your way around the corridor. Some commenters responded with their own hotel horror stories under Cici's video. One said: "At MGM hotel, someone next door tried via cell to record my room from their balcony. With tinted doors, I could see out, but they couldn’t see in." Another said: "I’ve actually had someone pose as housekeeping. And then she asked if I had her dog in my room." "When I was 19 I went on a work trip and stayed in a hotel alone, I woke up in the middle of the night to a man entering my room," one wrote. Another said: "I had a man knock on my door and say my last name, I freaked out & didn’t answer. Never thought of calling the front desk! Thankfully nothing happened!" Cici also detailed how travellers can use a tissue to avoid being robbed on holiday. Some hotel room peepholes do not have covers, but there is a way to fix this, CiCi told fans. She said: "If there's no cover just take some tissue and shove it in there, so no one can see inside your room." This was a part of her strategy to keep her hotel room safe, which she claims takes only one minute.