 When driving in France this summer, motorists are being warned of the fines they face for driving petrol or diesel cars. In many major French cities, road users are required to have “clean air” stickers to denote their vehicle class and their emissions output.  This is designed to reduce the number of polluting vehicles from city centres during certain times of the day. The “Crit’Air” vignette was introduced in January 2017 as a way to slash pollution rates around the country. While they do cost, generally around €5 (£4.22), they could save drivers fines of up to €135 (£113.91). All eligible vehicles need to display a Crit’Air vignette on their windscreen to be able to drive and park in restricted traffic zones. READ MORE: Drivers slam 'draconian' rural speed limit cuts from 60mph to 20mph  Hundreds of Express.co.uk readers were frustrated with the warning. One commenter, using the nickname Bob101, claimed the driving rules would have a huge impact on motorists wanting to go there. They said: “Of course if you don't want any tourists and their money then go right ahead!” Another commenter, Anonymoose, claimed: “Simply don't go to the EU. DON'T MISSUK drivers warned of major fines for petrol and diesel cars in France [WARNING]August driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules [IMPORTANT]Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption [INSIGHT]  “The EU countries don't want us and are making passport control difficult and visiting Spain difficult never mind French driving. “Either stay at home or go to the US or Asia. It's time to punish the EU for their activities and save yourself the hassles of their rules designed to punish us. “They'll soon be crying with no British Tourism.” Cars registered before January 1997 and motorbikes and scooters registered before June 2000 are ineligible, and cannot be driven at all where restrictions apply.  Drivers with white and green Crit’Air stickers do not have to pay any charges and do not have any restrictions. These include the most environmentally-friendly cars including electric cars and hydrogen-powered vehicles. On the other hand, one commenter using the handle TootSweet, said they would relish the chance to visit France and just avoid the cities with the Crit’Air vignettes. They said: “Big country, beautiful country, cleaner, less hostile, better weather, better food, better wine.  “Yep, you lot stay in the UK meanwhile I'll avoid the few cities that have employed this then have a gin and tonic and a swim in the pool.” A fourth reader, LestWeForget, was in favour of such measures, claiming: “When will we have such levies here? “And the £9 ticket for a month's worth of public transport. France. Germany. Leading the way. “Brexiters get nothing done. Just chaos and the worst poverty in Britain since WWII. General elections now. “We need a PM and Government with a mandate given by the people. Not a Brexiteer junta."