Operation Ark was launched by former marine Pen Farthing’s charity Nowzad to evacuate staff members, their immediate families and the animals in its care from Afghanistan. On Tuesday’s This Morning, Pen joined Rochelle Humes and Vernon Kay to share an update on the dogs as he discussed a new documentary on the mission. Asking about the Afghan animals rescued from Kabul, Rochelle asked: “Where are they now?’” “A lot of those dogs and cats that we brought back were owned by people who had also fled the evacuation on the earlier flights,” Pen explained. “They weren’t just our rescue dogs they were other people’s dogs and cats that they had out in Afghanistan. “Once the dust had settled and all the dogs had been through all of the current quarantine procedures we then started rehoming or reuniting them with their owners.” Read more: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry “And then the ones that were ours as a charity we’ve been rehoming,” he noted. “All of our cats have been fully rehomed. We’ve got a handful now of the dogs and they’re sadly the older dogs. “Any rescue organisation will tell you it’s always really difficult to find an older dog a home. “Out of those 94 dogs the majority are now in loving homes around the UK, France, in Holland and some in America.”  In August 2021, Pen turned to social media in his efforts to get the dogs his charity had rescued and his staff out of Afghanistan. The campaign’s supporters raised hundreds of thousands of pounds to charter a flight to evacuate. However, the mission also received a large amount of criticism. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace complained the campaign distracted from efforts on evacuating the most vulnerable. A new Channel 4 documentary explores the controversial evacuation. DON'T MISS'Utterly heartbreaking' Morning Live hosts mourn death of dog Oli [INSIGHT]Pen Farthing shares update on Afghan dogs' fate 'Where are they now?' [VIDEO]GMB guest tells millennial to ‘grow up’ after lacking life skills [INTERVIEW] Reflecting on the day the Taliban took over, Pen continued: “We knew it would happen sometime in the future and then suddenly we get reports that the Taliban are at the gates of Kabul. “I remember sitting there in our communal office area and one of my young female Afghan women who worked as a veterinarian, who was in the documentary, she just sat there absolutely terrified just shaking. “As far as she knows her life is now over. She’s had this freedom, she’s been through the schooling system and now she’s just going to potentially be locked away in the home, she’s never going to be able to work again and she will just end up being married off and having children.” “She was just sat there absolutely terrified and there was nothing I could do to help or console her,” he added. “That will always live with me, that moment.” Explaining why Nowzad turned to social media, Pen said: “We had no idea how to actually talk to somebody to try and discuss our plan so social media seemed to be the only way we could get someone to engage with us.” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.