Manchester United are, according to reports, making progress when it comes to securing the signature of Antony. The Ajax star wants to move to Old Trafford, where he’ll be reunited with Erik ten Hag. And, with the Samba star likely to be on the move for a fee in the region of £85million, he’s set to become part of a very special group of players. Antony recently went public with his desire to join United, with the forward saying: “Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face new challenge and that some interested clubs would arrive and with them, certainly a great offer. “During the window months, meetings continued and I also received a proposal from Ajax for contract renewal. “I made it clear once again: I want to leave. “I was very happy in Amsterdam, I won titles at Ajax, made friends and built part of my career, but now I reinforce that I am ready and full of motivation to follow my story and my dreams. “People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. “I need this to continue performing at a high level. Ajax will always be in my heart.” Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Now, United are hopeful of landing Antony and it’s believed they’re confident of acquiring the 22-year-old for a huge £85m, including add-ons. That means Antony will become one of the club’s most-expensive signings in their entire history. Only Paul Pogba has joined United for more, with the France international setting the Red Devils back a huge £89m when he joined from Juventus in 2016. The £85m United will spend on Antony is £5m more than the £80m they forked out on Harry Maguire just three years ago. After Maguire, comes Romelu Lukaku. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him United thought they were onto a winner when they landed the Belgium international from Everton in 2017, having missed out on Atletico Madrid’s Antoine Griezmann. The fallen Premier League giants spent £75m on Lukaku, with Jose Mourinho confident he’d be a massive hit. Yet things didn’t work out that way, with the current Inter Milan loanee spending two years with United before being offloaded by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Jadon Sancho takes the final slot when it comes to the club and their most-expensive deals, having cost £73m last summer. So, with Antony now set to become part of that group once his move goes through, it’ll be intriguing to see how he fares. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. The Brazil international is viewed as one of world football’s hottest prospects, having netted eight goals and registered four assists from 23 Eredivisie games last term. And United are likely to use him on the right wing once the move goes through. That would mean Sancho potentially going on the left, with Marcus Rashford then keeping his place in the team down the middle. Anthony Elanga may depart on loan, while it’s also possible United will choose to finally let Cristiano Ronaldo leave - with the Portugal international still hoping to play for a team who can offer him Champions League football. United could still sign two other forwards, too. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team They’re interested in PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo, who scored 12 goals and clocked up 12 assists in the Eredivisie last term. And United are also open to re-signing Memphis Depay, five-and-a-half years after the Red Devils offloaded the Netherlands international to Lyon. As well as a new forward, Ten Hag would also like to bring in a right-back and back-up goalkeeper before Thursday’s transfer deadline. Sergino Dest and Vanderson are targets for the former position, amid uncertainty over their futures at Barcelona and Monaco respectively. And when it comes to a new goalkeeper, Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka is eager to make the move. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here