The Earl of Wessex was joined in the audience by his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, their daughter Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The race was won by Matthew Levy of Australia, with Singapore’s Wei Soong Toh coming in second and Christian Sadie from South Africa finishing in third place.  The Royal Family posted news of his trip on their Twitter account. They wrote: “Thank you for a fantastic afternoon at @birminghamcg22 - it was great to see so many Commonwealth athletes competing at the top of their game!” In a separate post shared later in the day, they added: “What a way to finish the day at @birminghamcg22. “At Sandwell Aquatics Centre, The Earl of Wessex presented medals in the men's 50m Freestyle S7 Final - congratulations.  “Looking forward to seeing more action tomorrow!” Fans of the Royal Family praised the Wessexes for paying a visit to England's second-largest city. Twitter user @amazingyeart1 said: "Such fabulous representatives for theRoyal Family the Wessex Family." A second user, operating under the handle @lafyw_officious, wrote: "The only way is Wessex."  READ MORE: GB News: Stanley Johnson warns Boris' comeback blocked by plotters Another user, named @smileygirlcat1, added: "The Wessex family radiates positivity and genuine support. I’m looking forward to seeing what they do." The 2022 Commonwealth Games kicked off in Birmingham on July 28 and the event is set to run until August 8 in the West Midlands city. England is currently sitting in second place on the medals table, with a total of 54 medals - 21 gold, 22 silver and 11 bronze. However, Australia remains way out in front with 71 medals - 31 gold, 20 silver and 20 bronze.  DON'T MISS:Fifteen fire engines and around 100 firefighters battle blaze in Hayes [BREAKING]Andy Murray's US Open preparations suffer setback with Citi Open loss [SPORT]Meghan and Harry's biographer's new book to 'have the world talking' [REVEAL] Laura Kenny won the first gold medal for Track Cycling on Monday in the women’s 10km scratch race. England also claimed a silver medal in the men’s 4x200m freestyle. Prince Edward is associated with a number of sporting organisations through his royal patronages. He is Patron of Paralympics GB and Vice Patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation. The Earl of Wessex also serves as Patron of Badminton Scotland, The Tennis and Rackets Association and The International Real Tennis Professionals Association. His Royal Highness was also appointed President of the Sport and Recreation Alliance. 