Samsung revealed its new Galaxy Buds 2 Pro wireless buds at its latest Unpacked event. The high-profile stream revealed a tonne of new Samsung products, with the new Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4 phones revealed along with the Samsung Galaxy Watch 5. But if you're looking to upgrade your wireless buds, one of the most exciting announcements will be the reveal of the Galaxy Buds 2 Pro - which are available to pre-order now. These buds are a direct competitor to Apple's AirPods Pro, which boast a £239 price tag and come with active noise cancellation as one of the headline features. The Buds 2 Pro have a similar price tag, with these AirPods rivals available for £219. That's £20 cheaper than Apple's offering, and for a limited-time only if you pre-order the Buds 2 Pro you'll also get a Super Fast Wireless charger Pad worth £52.99 thrown in entirely for free. Pre-orders for the Galaxy Buds 2 Pro, Z Fold 4, Z Flip 4 and Galaxy Watch 5 are all available between August 10 and August 25 with this quartet of devices launching on August 26. The Galaxy Buds 2 Pro come in three different colours - bora purple, graphite and white - and boast a number of exciting features. The new wireless buds from Samsung will support 24-bit audio playback over Bluetooth, if you're using a Samsung phone. Samsung says this make music sound "richer than ever". Besides this support for high resolution audio, the Galaxy Buds 2 Pro will also come with a 360 Audio feature which supports 5.1, 7.1 and Dolby Atmos surround sound. The Buds 2 Pro are also 15 percent smaller than before, which should make these buds fit more comfortable in your ears. The active noise cancellation in the Galaxy Buds Pro have also been improved, while a new Voice Detect feature will automatically detect when you're speaking. The volume will be reduced and Ambient mode will be enabled, so you don't need to worry about taking your earbuds out when you want to have a quick conversation. The Galaxy Buds 2 Pro also come with an easy pairing feature that makes them automatically pop up on your Galaxy devices, and will require just a tap to connect it. While Auto Switch will intelligently detect and seamlessly shift the Galaxy Buds 2 Pro's connection between your Samsung Galaxy phone, tablet and watch. Elsewhere, SmartThings Find will help make finding your Galaxy Buds 2 Pro easier than ever if you happen to lose them. The Galaxy Buds 2 Pro - which are out on August 26 - offer up to five hours of continuous playback and up to 18 hours in the case.