Loose Women panellist Brenda Edwards has paid tribute to her "selfless" son Jamal Edwards at an inquest into his death today. The star, 53, released a heartbreaking statement at the inquest, which heard how the music mogul suffered a cardiac arrest after taking recreational drugs following a night out. It comes after Jamal's tragic death in February this year at his West London home. His heartbroken mum Brenda said in a statement: “Jamal was a beautiful and selfless person. “Since growing up with his family in Acton he made it his personal mission to open doors for others to walk through. “To help people through life, to love and to laugh. And most importantly, to just make people happy," she added. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, joined by seven of his children in rare snap She continued: “Jamal helped so many, working tirelessly to give a platform to people. "His charitable work stretched near and far, from working at homeless shelters to giving back to his roots in St Vincent and the Grenadines. “We are so proud of everything Jamal achieved over the course of his 31 years and how he impacted others’ lives. "We miss him so much," it ended. It comes as Assistant West London Coroner Ivor Collett ruled that the music star died after a cardiac arrest brought on by cocaine and alcohol. She said: “Jamal had taken cocaine in sufficient quantity to cause an adverse reaction brought about by cocaine toxicity. "This then caused cardiac arrhythmia which resulted in his death.” The inquest was told how the founder of SB.TV returned to his home in Acton, West London after playing a set in North London. DON'T MISS... Geri Halliwell 'told Liz Truss to go for it' in Tory leadership race [INSIGHT]Heidi Klum, 49, goes topless as she puts peachy rear on display [ANALYSIS]Brad Pitt says he wants to 'mess it up' as he explains wacky outfits [UPDATE] It was then reported that he sat up drinking with his friend Nick Hopper, who was staying in the house at the time. Mr Hopper told how the music legend's behaviour became erratic and paranoid, with Jamal throwing things before collapsing. The inquest heard how despite the attempts of Mr Hopper and later paramedics, Jamal did not wake up. Mr Hopper added that his friend had spoken about feeling "under a lot of pressure" before his death. Previously, Brenda addressed her son's death on Twitter, writing: "Rest In Peace my beautiful baby." The Chicago star added that she hoped making his cause of death public would help raise awareness of how “extremely unpredictable” drugs can be, so that no more mothers would have to go through what she has. Brenda told her followers: "These types of substances are extremely unpredictable, and we can only hope that this will encourage others to think wisely when faced with similar situations in the future. “His passing has shown that any one bad decision on any one occasion can lead to devastating consequences," she added.