Dan Spencer (played by Liam Fox) and his daughter Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) were recently offered a lifeline by Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) after Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) got them evicted. Emmerdale spoilers have revealed Dan is set to start looking at Harriet with romantic eyes in upcoming scenes. However, could it all end in heartache? The police officer was able to take the pair under her roof after Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) and Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) moved to Home Farm after falling out with her for reporting the youngster they were looking after, Clemmie Reid (Mabel Addison), to social services. Harriet, Dan and Amelia seem to be getting on swimmingly since moving in together which might have given Dan the wrong impression. In scenes yet to air, Dan plucks up the courage to ask Harriet out for a beverage. However, he is set to be left disappointed when Harriet's reaction is not the one he was hoping for and she seems completely unaware of his true feelings. READ MORE: GB News confirms three big names in new presenting line-up  Will he struggle with the rejection and start analysing why Harriet is not into him? Harriet actress Katherine told Express.co.uk and other media her character still has unresolved feelings for Will Taylor (Dean Andrews). Perhaps Dan will work out the pair are having an affair behind his partner Kim Tate's (Claire King) back. "[Harriet's] getting wrapped up in Will's life, a little too much than she should be," Katherine explained. "That has an impact on [Will's] upcoming nuptials.  "It's last chance saloon, she's got to make her feelings known before he walks down the aisle and that's it. "Harriet is no Kim Tate but they are both feisty women and able to look after themselves, so there will be more fireworks." She quipped: "We should be doing this on November 5, yes they will have their moments, definitely." Emmerdale icon Kim is set to tie the knot to Will as part of the soap's 50th-anniversary celebrations later this year. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Zoe Henry stunned by throwback photo of husband Jeff  [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Liv divorces Vinny as Sandra's poisonous plan works  [THEORY]Natalie J Robb children: Does Emmerdale's Moira Barton star have kids? [EXPLAINER] Could Dan expose Harriet for cheating as Kim is about to walk down the aisle in a dramatic soap style? Perhaps Dan will end up ruining things for everyone when Harriet assures him she has not been going behind Kim's back to try and steal her man. Harriet might be forced to kick Dan and Amelia out of her home following his accusations. Amelia is pregnant, and Emmerdale fans are still waiting for the father's identity to be revealed, so it would be an awful time to be left without a roof over her head.  Perhaps it would be best if Dan focuses on his daughter until she has her child and puts his love life on the back burner until she is settled. Harriet has already been cut off by Dawn and Billy so it would be a shame if she had to cut ties with Amelia and Dan. Emmerdale producers have hinted Amelia gives birth when a storm wreaks havoc through the village in October. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays. 