Meghan Markle has sat down for a candid interview in which she gave a glimpse into her and Prince Harry’s new lives in Montecito. With the backdrop of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s Californian mansion, Meghan discussed her new podcast ‘Archetypes’ and spoke openly about her personal life with Harry and their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. The Duke and Duchess relocated to North America two years ago after their shock exit from the Royal Family, before eventually moving to their current home in Santa Barbara. Meghan also spoke about royal life in her bombshell interview, saying she and Harry were “happy” to leave the UK and were “upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy… just by existing” before they stepped down as senior royals. The article also heard from the Duke who claimed some members of the Royal Family “aren't able to work and live together”, while Meghan revealed that her husband felt he had “lost” his father Prince Charles. The Duchess has faced backlash from royal commentators over her latest media venture, which comes months ahead of the expected release of Harry’s highly-anticipated memoir. While very little is known about the contents of the book, many have speculated that the Duke may delve into his experience as a senior royal. READ MORE: Meghan claims FACT-CHECKED: 'Fantasist' Duchess debunked by experts One royal expert has claimed that there is “a lot riding” on the memoir, particularly as the Sussexes’ “public favourability” is seemingly decreasing. Pauline Maclaran, a Professor of Marketing & Consumer Research at Royal Holloway University, told Express.co.uk that Harry should use the book to “talk about himself” if he wants to regain any popularity among the public. She argued that the Sussexes will continue to “lose public favourability if they continue to talk about the rift between them and the Royal Family”. Prof Maclaran concluded: “There is a lot riding on Harry’s memoir.” It has previously been reported that the prince’s memoir will be released in time for Christmas. When Harry’s publisher, Penguin Random House, announced the launch of the Duke’s memoir in July 2021, the prince said: “I’m writing this, not as the prince I was born, but as the man I have become. He continued “My hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that, no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think” and that this account of his life is “accurate and wholly truthful.” Some royal experts have indicated that Harry may use his memoir to speak about the rift between him and his family. The Sussexes’ departure exacerbated tensions between the couple and senior members of the Firm, particularly Harry’s father Charles and brother Prince William. In her new interview, Meghan revealed that Harry feels he has “lost” his father due to the couple's decision to move to the US and leave their royal life in Windsor behind. Journalist Alisson P. Davis asked the Duchess about her rift with her own father, Thomas Markle, when she reflected on how press attention had impacted both her and Harry’s familial lives, leaving them both with strained relationships with their fathers. She told New York-based magazine The Cut: “Harry said to me, 'I lost my dad in this process.'” Meghan added she was hopeful that her husband and her father-in-law's relationship could survive — but that it's not her decision to make. DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT] Referencing her estranged relationship with her father, she said: “It doesn't have to be the same for them as it was for me. But that's his decision." Last year, during the Sussexes’ now-infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey, Harry alleged that his father had “stopped taking my calls” and the family had “literally cut me off financially”. Other reports indicated the Prince of Wales paid a “substantial sum” to help set the couple up with their new life in the US. It is understood that the two princes’ relationship has been strained since Meghan and Harry’s exit but has gradually been repaired in recent months. During their fleeting visit for the Platinum Jubilee, Meghan and Harry reportedly met with Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Prince of Wales was said to have had an “emotional” reunion with his son, daughter-in-law and grandson, as well as finally meeting his granddaughter. According to reports, Charles would be “saddened” if Harry thinks their relationship is “lost”. However, it has been claimed that Harry was actually referring to Meghan’s relationship with her father in the bombshell comment. Omid Scobie, co-author of ‘Finding Freedom’, tweeted: "There seems to be confusion in some headlines about this quote in The Cut interview. "I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan's loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn't want Harry to lose his." Meghan has become estranged from her father in the past few years. They are understood to have not been in contact since Meghan and Harry’s wedding in 2018, which Thomas did not attend. The Duchess grew up very close with her father, but felt “betrayed” by Thomas lying to her about speaking to the press and revealed becoming a mother had made her view the situation in a new light. She told Oprah: “I look at Archie, I think about this child, and I genuinely can't imagine doing anything to intentionally cause pain to my child. “So it's hard for me to reconcile that.” In June, after Thomas was released from hospital having suffered a stroke, Omid Scobie claimed Meghan and her father’s “relationship has really come to an end.” And some royal experts have raised concerns about Harry and Charles’ relationship, with one claiming the Prince of Wales could be “in the firing line” when his son’s book is published. Author Andrew Morton, who famously wrote a biography on Diana, Princess of Wales told the Royally Us podcast last year: “If I was Prince Charles, I’d be looking for a pile of coats to hide under. "Because I think that the book that’s going to come out next year is written by someone who spends a lot of time investigating father-son relationships because he ghost-wrote a book on Andre Agassi, who had a difficult relationship with his father. "So I think we’re going to see Charles once more in the firing line. "So if I was Prince Charles, I’d be looking for a hard hat and a flak jacket." However, the content of the book remains largely under wraps, and other reports have indicated that the princes’ relationship is not destined for the same fate as Meghan and her father’s. In an exclusive essay for Newsweek earlier this year, Charles said he was "proud" of both Harry and his older brother, Prince William. He spoke of his pride in both of his sons' efforts to combat climate change, writing: “As a father, I am proud that my sons have recognised this threat [...] my younger son, Harry, has passionately highlighted the impact of climate change, especially in relation to Africa and committed his charity to being net zero.”