Arsenal are reportedly weighing up a last-gasp move for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mychajlo Mudryk, who is also being chased by Everton in advance of Thursday's transfer deadline. The Gunners have already managed to improve their squad with a handful of exciting summer additions but it seems as though Mikel Arteta is still in the market for additional reinforcements before the window finally closes. Arsenal are believed to be on the lookout for a new winger after missing out on the signing of former Leeds United man Raphinha, who opted to snub a number of Premier League suitors in order to join Barcelona earlier this summer. Those in power at the Emirates Stadium have been taking steps to scope out potential targets over the last few days, with Mudryk among the players to have been considered, according to Fabrizio Romano.It is claimed that Arsenal have 'explored conditions' of a possible deal for Mudryk but are yet to establish contact with Shakhtar, the club at which he remains tied down until the summer of 2026. The Ukrainian heavyweights are said to have already turned down an offer in the region of £25million from Everton, who are one of several clubs looking to rival Arsenal for Mudryk's signature over the next few days.The Gunners are believed to be prioritising a move for Wolves winger Pedro Neto, with Arteta having earmarked the 22-year-old as a top target in advance of this week's impending deadline. However, negotiations are reportedly proving to be complicated and it remains to be seen whether Arsenal will switch their focus to Mudryk at some point before the summer window slams shut. JUST IN: Man Utd target Antony spotted at Red Devils' training ground Mudryk is widely regarded as one of Ukraine's finest young talents and is more than capable of playing on either wing as well as in the middle of the park. He has registered nine assists in 25 senior appearances for Shakhtar since breaking into their first-team picture and has won five international caps as a reward for his promising form at club level.The 21-year-old has already hinted at a desire to test himself in the Premier League by enthusing over the idea when quizzed on Brentford's reported interest in his services a year ago. "I want to thank Brentford for the offers," said Mudryk, as quoted by The Mirror. "To end up in the Premier League at 20 years old is fantastic but the final decision is down to the club president."Had the offer come in a year or 18 months ago, I wouldn’t have given it a second thought, I’d have asked the club to let me go without hesitation. To end up in the Premier League aged 20 is amazing, but since Srna & De Zerbi [Shakhtar coaches] took charge everything has changed."I have support. I currently have a long contract and all of my thoughts are tied to Shakhtar. I will use all my power to help the side win in all competitions that we are taking part in." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here