Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will consider it a small victory that he managed to keep Cesar Azpilicueta out of Barcelona’s clutches after the veteran signed a new deal. The club confirmed the Blues captain has put pen to paper on a new two-year deal, snubbing interest from the La Liga giants in the process. The German tactician made a concerted effort to block Azpilicueta’s departure as Barca eyed a cut-price deal, insisting the club were unwilling to cave to his demands. And the 32-year-old now looks set to extend his stay with Chelsea into an 11th season after arriving back in 2012. However, with a £52.5m deal for Marc Cucurella all but signed, Chelsea will need to sell some players to make room for their five new signings. And with Tuchel keen to add more new faces to hi squad amid links with Frankie de Jong and Wesley Fofana, Express Sport looks at 10 players who are set to head for the Stamford Bridge exit this summer. READ MORE: Chelsea 'refuse to give up' on next signing with Cucurella and De Jong Tuchel used the versatile wing-back regularly last season after Ben Chilwell suffered an ACL injury and Alonso scored five goals in 46 games. But with Cucurella set to sign, the Spaniard could be deemed surplus to requirements. Like Azpilicueta, Alonso has been eyed by Barcelona boss Xavi Hernandez this summer and the 31-year-old may have a better chance of being able to leave. Catalan outlet Sport reported his agents met with Barca sporting director Mateu Alemany in Catalonia this week and it seems a £7m deal could be struck in the coming days. Tuchel would be happy to keep Werner at Chelsea this summer despite signing Raheem Sterling. However, the £47.5m winger’s arrival might have convinced the German to leave for regular first-team football to ensure he does not miss out on Hansi Flick’s World Cup squad. The 26-year-old has been consigned to a bit-part role under Tuchel and has struggled to make an impression, scoring 11 goals in 37 appearances last season. A loan move away from west London is the most likely option, with Juventus and Newcastle ready to battle his former club RB Leipzig over a temporary switch for the Germany international. DON'T MISSArsenal given Werner transfer advice with two preferred options namedChelsea 'abandon' deal for Tuchel favourite amid Chukwuemeka agreementChelsea get Barcelona transfer revenge after 'top secret' tactics Another player signed from the £220m summer of spending that has flattered to deceive, Ziyech reportedly sees his future away from Chelsea after instructing his agents to find him another club. Talks with AC Milan over a loan switch have been ongoing for the majority of the summer but with no agreement materialising. More recently, the Moroccan has been linked with a shock £20m move to link up with Erik ten Hag at Manchester United, although it would be difficult to imagine Chelsea strengthening their rivals. A goalkeeper who has always appeared to have been burdened by his £71m transfer fee, Arrizabalaga is poised to join Napoli on loan this summer. The Spaniard lost his place as the Blues’ No 1 when Edouard Mendy arrived in September 2020 and has been waiting patiently for a chance to win it back ever since, but Tuchel prefers Mendy in between the sticks. Napoli are keen to sign Kepa as their new No 1 to replace David Ospina, according to the Evening Standard, and the Partenopei have made room for the ex-Athletic Bilbao stopper by loaning out Alex Meret. Now that Chelsea have signed Gabriel Slonina, it appears Kepa may have already played his last game for the club. Chelsea were desperate for Emerson to return from his loan spell in January following Chilwell’s injury but the Italian stayed put, suggesting there is little desire on the 28-year-old’s part to continue playing at Stamford Bridge. With Chilwell back in action, it seems likely that one of Emerson or Alonso will be allowed to leave along with Kenedy, who has not been handed a squad number. Gazzetta dello Sport claim Maurizio Sarri, now in charge of Lazio, is keen to reunite with Emerson in Italy after signing him four years ago for the Blues. And with a World Cup spot up for grabs for the full-back, he may be tempted to head back to Serie A. One of six first-teamers not to be handed a squad number for the upcoming season, it would be a surprise to see Barkley remain at the club beyond the transfer deadline. The only issue is finding a club willing to pay his £100,000-a-week wages. The 28-year-old has shown glimpses of his ability since his £15m switch from Everton in January 2018 but not often enough to secure a place in Tuchel’s squad. GiveMeSport’s Dean Jones reports both Newcastle and former employers Everton are keen on the midfielder, who would command a fee of no more than £10m due to his injury record. Only two years ago, Gilmour was hailed as the next Cobham graduate to follow in Mason Mount and Reece James’ footsteps. But a serious injury, change of manager and mixed loan stint has thrown his future into doubt. The Scottish starlet has been used sparingly since Tuchel took charge and may welcome the chance for a new start elsewhere after struggling for game time at Chelsea. Everton boss Frank Lampard is a big fan and could launch a loan move this summer, especially now that the 21-year-old does not have a squad number. The most remarkable aspect of Batshuayi’s career at Chelsea is that he is still there six years after his £33m move from Marseille. A spate of loan spells from Borussia Dortmund to Besiktas have failed to earn him a permanent move away and he is stuck at the club again this summer. The Belgian has a year left on his current deal and there have been few clubs willing to rescue him from his Chelsea nightmare, although Sky Sports report a switch to Wolves could be on the cards due to their striker shortage. Bakayoko will go down as one of Chelsea’s worst signings in their history after the £40m flop’s horrendous five-year spell in London. He hasn’t made a competitive appearance for Chelsea since 2019 and has spent time on loan with Monaco, AC Milan and Napoli. The Frenchman has been longing to seal a permanent move away and the feeling is certainly mutual as the club desperately try to flog the midfielder. Foot Mercato's report suggested Marseille had agreed a four-year deal with the 27-year-old, but there has been little news on that deal since it emerged in July. The Welsh star may not have too many concerns about his ability to make Robert Page’s squad for the World Cup in Qatar, but it seems Ampadu is likely to follow several of his team-mates in leaving Chelsea this summer. Having already been farmed out on loan to RB Leipzig, Sheffield United and Venezia, the 22-year-old could now leave for good after being left out of the equation to get a squad number. Serie A outfit Spezia have opened talks over a transfer, according to Gianluca Di Marzio.