Madison has worked as a chief steward on superyachts for over six years. She now teaches people how to get their first job at sea. Anyone who has watched an episode of Below Deck will know that crew cabins can be a bit on the pokey side. Madison told Express.co.uk: “When starting out, your cabin can be quite cosy as the junior crew will always get the smallest cabins. “You might gain a few bruises, but you make it work. The general rule is the bigger the yacht, the more spacious the crew cabins usually get. “On my last boat the crew quarters were stunning, and I actually really loved my space. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares queue beating booking tip “It becomes a mini sanctuary and your home away from home.” Cruise passengers will also normally have quite a small cabin as ships tend to maximise space for activities. Madison shared her top tips to pack for a hotel room or cruise cabin with limited space for items. She said: “Neatly fold everything and put clothes into categorised packing cubes.” Packing cubes can be purchased cheaply online and can really help to organise luggage. Passengers can even place the packing cubes straight into their holiday wardrobe and save time on unpacking. She added: “Use zip lock bags for any spare bits like chargers so you aren’t using valuable kilograms for unnecessary pouches or bags.” Cheap zip lock bags or freezer bags will stop chargers getting tangled and weigh next to nothing. READ MORE: Cruise guests shares item to pack that ‘people love’ If passengers forget to bring them, they could always pick up some of the liquid bags at the airport. Most UK airports offer the bags for free although passengers will only be able to use one for liquids. Madison added: “Buy refillable travel bottles/pots and decant your toiletries into small bottles, especially perfume - those bottles are heavy!” Glass perfume or foundation bottles will add a lot of unnecessary weight so it’s a lot easier to decant. She said: “Find out if there is a hairdryer or straightener at your location already. Or team up with a friend and bring one each." Luckily many hotels, cruise ships or Airbnbs will have a hairdryer although straighteners are more unusual. It’s always a good idea to team up with a travelling group so no one brings duplicate items that could be left at home. Madison added: “Try on your outfits before you go and don’t pack anything that doesn’t have the other components to go with it.” Want to work onboard a superyacht? Madison has created a course using her experience onboard that teaches people with zero yachting experience how to land their first job on a superyacht.