Research from the Data Communications Company (DCC) forecast the increase over the next four years. A billion messages were sent via the UK's smart meter network in July alone. DCC Chief Executive Angus Flett told ComputerWeekly.com: "The DCC network now relays in a single day the amount of data it was carrying in a whole month two years ago. "That’s a great thing for Britain, which needs this data for the insights we require to transition away from fossil fuels." In its latest business plan, DCC highlights how it will improve services and reduce costs. The network added 8.5 million meters during the last financial year taking the total to 21 million.  Every meter in future will be able to send readings every 30 minutes, which reportedly provide consumers with access to new smart tariffs. DCC believes more data sent allows the grid to monitor energy usage more quickly and in more detail. Analysis of smart meter data shows at the start of the last financial year 427 million messages were sent securely each month. By the end of the year this doubled to 870 million per month. More than 7.6 billion messages have been sent in the past year, the bulk of which were meter readings.  READ MORE ABOUT A THERAPY DOG BEING MAULED Data conveyed by the network can also include requests to change suppliers, tariff updates and credit top ups. Mr Flett said: "We have now surpassed one billion messages sent across our network in a month. "We expect a further 500 percent increase in traffic over the next few years, as the network more than doubles in size, accommodating extra demand, like half-hourly meter readings. "The DCC network was designed for these traffic increases and our five-year roadmap shows how we’ll be working with our customers and service providers to ensure we are ready for this high-energy data future."  DON'T MISS: Soham murderer Ian Huntley revealed horrific details [REPORT] Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event [REVEALED] Royal Family LIVE: 'Actual proof' Meghan faces court against sister [LATEST] He added DCC's mission is to make Britain more connected so consumers can lead smarter and greener lives. News of the growth comes after reports in July of problems experienced by consumers who had switched to smart meters. John Curtis, manager at a residential estate, told The Guardian: "Smart meters are an absolute scandal – millions were spent, yet the majority here are now useless." He explained almost all of the meters at the estate have to be read manually with frequent requests for dated photographs plus the total on each meter.  Mr Curtis added: "Another example of taxpayers’ money wasted on a Government fantasy, with unproven technology rolled out nationwide with an almost entirely negative result. "The money would have been better spent continuing to employ meter readers instead of devolving this increasingly irksome task to customers." One consumer said his electricity meter stopped communicating when he switched companies from EDF to Green. When he later switched to Shell his gas meter stopped working altogether while his electricity meter then started communicating again.  Shell Energy told The Guardian: "As is the case across the industry, a small proportion of smart metering equipment can lose communication. "Where the cause of the fault can be identified and is within our control, we work to resolve the issue as swiftly as possible. Where the issue is beyond our control, we work with our industry partners to try to address these." Richard Neudegg, head of regulation at Uswitch.com, said in July consumers have been trying to find ways to reduce energy use and it was good to see millions of households turning to smart meters to save money. He added: "Installing smart meters in half the homes in the country is an impressive milestone, but it’s important to remember that four million of these are operating in ‘dumb’ mode, so there’s still a lot of work to be done." 