This was quite an exciting prospect as it was meant to cut red tape and free up business and the economy. It taught me a lot about how government and, in particular, Whitehall works. Sir Humphrey didn’t want to cut red tape, it was red tape that gave him his power over Ministers, red tape which defined his reason to exist. In any event, he felt entirely more sophisticated and clever than Ministers or business people, which thus entitled him to apply his left-liberal prejudices. The consequence was that after five years of work, and reports by learned lawyers, Sir Humphrey deregulated meaningless, ancient laws and buried any meaningful red tape cutting. The worst offending department was the then Department of Trade and Industry - they definitely didn’t want their prime source of power curtailed. The objective of officials was to delay and delay and delay until the policy ran out of steam or a new administration was elected. They were ably assisted by the self-styled “President of the Board of Trade“ Michael Heseltine who, to me, was Sir Humphrey made flesh. The greatest problem for this establishment elite was that they were terrified that it might be discovered that the principal reason for the burden of red tape was the EU and that creeping centralisation by Brussels would be identified as taking away British sovereignty. I recognised it immediately and it formed my view of the EU even then. The truth is Whitehall has not changed, nor have the politicians and business groups like the CBI who make up the self-serving blob. The next PM will have a fight on their hands to roll back the state. Deregulation is hard work. Make no mistake I have seen horrors of bureaucracy in my many years in business and contributing to public life. The Trade department did its best to preserve ineffective export support networks in the UK. They were populated by officials who had never done a day's real business in their lives. In a new reincarnation, Lord Heseltine then tried to nationalise the Chambers of Commerce lest they show themselves as doing a better job than the Trade Department itself. There is a dire need to unblock the greatest blocker of all to economic development - the Planning process. Full of inconsistency, planners are a law unto themselves. They have generated an expensive industry designed to stop things happening. While the rest of the world ploughs on we stagnate. Businesses are even having to employ people to fill in holes to avoid puddles which might attract crested newts, the abundant blocker of development. Heaven forbid there might be bats. The consequences of an overweening Whitehall can often be dire. The rules around Fracking have been designed by officials to prevent it. Just three days of drilling with “tremors” the size of a truck passing your house for each well would solve the cost of living crisis. The madness of putting ourselves at the mercy of Russia and China (as production and jobs are exported there) is a national scandal. I have witnessed all sorts of official shenanigans. The list is endless. The Civil Service has swelled since 2016. Thousands of EU regulations are still on the statute books. The appointment of Mr Rees-Mogg to look at regulation and Lord Maude, the scourge of Whitehall waste, to review officialdom, bode well but they will need to “gird their loins” and knuckle down for the long haul. The new PM should support their mission to the hilt. Sir Humphrey and the blob will do everything possible to get in their way. John Longworth is Chairman of the Independent Business Network of family businesses and was formerly DG of the British Chambers of Commerce and a Conservative MEP.