Chelsea will need to fend off late interest from Juventus for Jorginho if Adrien Rabiot ends up joining Manchester United, according to reports. The Blues have spent big this summer on Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella with other signings made in mind for the future. But Thomas Tuchel still wants more signings through the door with a central defender, midfielder and striker all supposedly still on his wishlist. No direct replacement has been signed for Romelu Lukaku, with Kai Havertz adopting the central role last week against Everton. Cesar Azpilicueta played alongside Thiago Silva and Koulibaly in a back three last week, but Tuchel is short of recognised central defenders in his squad. There have been no new recruits in central midfield despite reported interest in Frenkie de Jong. And they may have a new headache to deal with if United complete a deal for Rabiot. Red Devils chief John Murtough has been pictured in Turin in an attempt to strike a deal with Juventus for the 27-year-old.  And PA claim Juventus have earmarked Jorginho as their preferred option to replace Rabiot. It is said that Juventus are 'hopeful' they can persuade Chelsea into selling despite the Italian stating he's happy at Stamford Bridge. Jorginho's contract expires next summer and has regularly been linked with a move to Juventus. Speaking earlier this summer, Jorginho's agent admitted renewing terms with the west London club on a new contract is the "priority".  “He still has one year on his contract with the Blues, the priority is renewal," Joao Santos said back in May. "At the moment, however, Chelsea cannot operate on the market for issues arising from the sale of Abramovich, so we will meet with the company to discuss it. "He played six or seven years of high-level football, he also plays in the Premier League, which is certainly a more important league than the Italian one. Without forgetting that he is also European champion and the year before won the Champions League. “Juventus? The Juventus managers didn't call me, surely because they know that at Chelsea at the moment nothing can be done without a license for the transfer market.”