Kate Garraway fears she will have to spend her wedding anniversary apart from husband Derek Draper this year, according to reports. Derek’s health is “volatile” following a battle with sepsis which saw him readmitted to hospital earlier this month. Kate and Derek, both 55, will be celebrating 17 years married on September 10th, but they might not be able to mark the milestone together. A source told Closer: “Their wedding anniversary is just days away and with Derek's health so volatile, Katie is devastated that they may not be able to celebrate together at home. “Kate knows he may be in hospital, but fears doctors could potentially advise her to stay at home." The source added: "The anniversary has been hanging over Kate's head for a while now and she had initially hoped it would be something to look forward to, and even try to lift everyone's spirits- especially Derek's." READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life Derek needed an operation on his kidneys, after they suffered “serious damage” when he contracted Covid back in March 2020. He was then diagnosed with sepsis, which can be life-threatening. A source told The Sun: “This is another hammer blow for poor Derek. "He is giving the fight against covid his absolute all, but his kidneys have suffered some pretty serious damage. "Doctors explained there was no alternative but to operate. Of course Kate and the family are worried but she’s been reassured the procedure itself is routine.” They added that the family had “everything crossed” and Kate was being “her usual stoic self” in the face of more heartache. Last month, Kate dropped out of her Smooth FM radio show and Good Morning Britain duties to be with her beloved husband when his health took a turn for the worst. Derek had a kidney infection that developed dangerous complications. DON'T MISS...Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [TWITTER]Gogglebox's Jenny Newby pays tribute to co-star Lee Riley amid surgery [LATEST] Ozzy Osbourne returns to the UK as he 'doesn't want to die in America' [INSIGHT] The former lobbyist had contracted sepsis and was at risk of losing one of his kidneys, but he has now been moved out of intensive care. Speaking on GMB, Kate explained that Derek had been in and out of hospital since his recent ordeal. She said: "I got a phone call from the person who was looking after him saying, "Right, we're really worried". I whizzed home and it just sort of went boom from there. "We called an ambulance, went to A&E, where they said he had very severe sepsis, life-threatening sepsis. So it was really dramatic." After praising the efforts of medical staff, Kate explained they needed to quickly find the source of infection and get Derek onto the right antibiotics. She described his kidneys as “badly infected” and “blocked”. Kate and Derek have been married since 2005, and share children Billy, 12, and Darcey, 16. Last year, they spent their anniversary apart as Derek was in hospital and unable to receive visitors, with Kate calling the day “bittersweet”.