Each year, more than 300,000 individuals leave Britain to start a new life overseas, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The reasons for these are varied, and could involve moving for a new job, to be closer to family, or spending one’s later years in a new country. Regardless of the motivating factors, these expats could see key entitlements affected as result. Express.co.uk spoke to two experts about some of the changes expats may have to deal with. Finn Houlihan, Managing Director of Arlo Group and ATC Tax, warned people could miss out on paying in valuable National Insurance contributions - which could cause a state pension shortfall. He said: “An individual must have paid 35 years’ worth of NI contributions to qualify for the new UK state pension. As a result, expats will often continue to make class 2 voluntary NI contributions to ensure they can still receive this benefit. READ MORE: Building society launches new account with ‘attractive’ rate “The good news is that if you haven’t made voluntary contributions while abroad, you can back date the payments by up to six years. “The Department for Work and Pensions also has a portal in which people can review how many payments they’ve made in their lifetime in order to evaluate their current situation, which can prove very useful.” However, Mr Houlihan also highlighted the issue of a “frozen” state pension, which could be an issue. State pension uprating is only guaranteed in the following places: DON'T MISSState pension age: What next for WASPI? [LATEST]State pension age feared to rise to 70 and above - ‘working longer' [INSIGHT]DWP confirms ‘no plans’ for guaranteed £200 per week state pension [ANALYSIS]  Mr Houlihan added: “If a person moves abroad at retirement age, their state pension won’t be index linked and remains frozen at the time they left the UK. “Clearly, this will be more significant for individuals which have made a move recently with inflation standing at more than 10 percent.” Another key entitlement which is a staple of British life is access to the National Health Service (NHS). Free healthcare is important to millions of people, but it could be affected by a move abroad. Ema Boccagni, Commercial Director EMEA at ECA International, warned Express.co.uk readers their entitlements may change. READ MORE: State pension payments to exceed £200 a week next year This is the case even for pensioners, so it is important to be aware of the matter. She said: “Opting to move abroad permanently may have a negative impact on your retirement income and in addition you will lose your entitlement to most NHS services in the UK, even if you are a UK citizen. “This is because the UK has a residence-based healthcare system.” While presenting an issue for pensioners, those moving abroad for work could be somewhat assisted in certain circumstances. Ms Boccagni added: “You need to have an open conversation with your employer to understand if they will be able to enrol in the new country’s schemes and if not, how they will support with benefit packages.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When it comes to a private pension, expats will also need to pay attention to key rules. Mr Houlihan highlighted moving abroad means people are typically not entitled to make contributions into a UK-based pension pot. Ms Boccagni also raised this issue, explaining: “As pensions paid into a UK bank account are UK income there could be UK tax liability on the pension income, and the country where someone has retired to will also look to tax this income. “However, if the two countries have concluded a double-taxation agreement an expat can claim tax relief in the UK to avoid being taxed twice.” Of course, there can be numerous benefits of moving abroad, regardless of the motivation for doing so. As a result, the experts suggest undertaking research, and potential enlisting the support of an independent financial adviser to help with specific circumstances.