The 1472nd Naval Clinical Hospital (NCH) is located in Sevastopol in the Crimea. The hospital is affiliated to Russia's Black Sea Fleet and is now considered one of the navy's leading medical institutions. Back in 2017 the Kremlin decided to overhaul the facility, spending over 330 million roubles (£4.5 million) on state of the art equipment for the hospital. The investment transformed the hospital's reputation and standing and allowed doctors to carry out more high-tech surgical operations. However, in recent times standards appear to have slipped, with the hospital allegedly struggling to contain an infestation of rats. The hospital's administration decided to take drastic action to bring the problem under control. Officials ordered rat poison to be spread throughout the entire complex, including the kitchens, in a determined attempt to clear out the unwanted and unloved rodents. Unfortunately, it appears there was a bad case of cross-contamination as some of the poison found its way into hospital food. As a result, it has been reported that eight Russian soldiers receiving treatment at the hospital died from rat poisoning, while another 18 are seriously ill. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: '12 out of 10' Putin's war in TATTERS - Russians crumble WarMonitor, an OSINT investigator who regularly posts about the war in Ukraine, tweeted: "The administration of the 1472nd military hospital in Sevastopol, annexed Crimea, carried out a 'deratization', spreading rat poison throughout the building, including the kitchen. "Eight Russian soldiers poisoned themselves with food and died, and 18 are fighting for their lives." The hospital is reported to have played a key role in the annexation of Crimea in 2014. At the time, 1472nd NCH was headed by Colonel Evgeniy Kryukov, who was later transferred to Moscow to take over the running of a military hospital in Russia's capital city. An investigation by researchers at Inform Napalm claimed that under Colonel Kryukov's management, medical officers and other staff at the 1472 were involved in the occupation of Crimea.  They were later awarded medals for their participation by the Kremlin. Colonel Krykov hinted at the role he and his staff played in Putin's take-over of Crimea during a 2018 interview with a Russian journalist from Krasnaya Zvezda (Red Star). He said: “By the way, the experience of my service in Sevastopol proved useful in Moscow, too." The Colonel, now head of Moscow's Burdenko Main Military Clinical Hospital, added: "We are currently shifting emphasis to combat training of our medical personnel, regularly training switching the hospital from peacetime to wartime conditions.” This is not the first time that Russian soldiers have been poisoned in Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Russia delivers extra gas supplies to Hungary [NEWS]Henry Kissinger warns US at 'edge of war with Russia' [INSIGHT]Putin to forge closer relationship with North Korea [REVEAL] Earlier in the war, it was alleged that a Ukrainian grandmother fed hungry Russian soldiers pies laced with poison, leading to a number of deaths. It comes as the Russian President announced closer cooperation between North Korea and Russia. Pyongyang’s state news agency, the KCNA, reported on Monday that Putin said the two countries would expand bilateral relations. In a letter to Kim for North Korea’s liberation day, Putin said closer ties would be in both countries’ interests, and would help strengthen the security and stability of the Korean peninsula and the north-eastern Asian region. For his part, the North Korean leader predicted growing cooperation between his country and Russia based on an agreement signed in 2019 when he met with Putin.