The cost-of-living crisis means food prices are currently skyrocketing in Britain’s supermarkets. Many Britons have taken to social media to express their shock at the high prices. Shoppers have slammed Sainsbury’s for selling a packet of cakes for an extremely high price. The packet in question was Mr Kipling’s Chocolate Slice, which includes eight cake slices. The product used to cost £1.50, according to customers, but now it is for sale for a whopping £3.75. Some Britons were not happy to hear this news and even threatened to boycott Sainsbury’s. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says Posting on the Scrimping on a Budget Facebook page, a customer called Carol Bishop wrote: “I’m sure some supermarkets are over pricing branded goods, so customers choose own brands instead. These used to be £1.50.” The post was inundated with comments as other shoppers expressed their surprise. Sam Johnson said: “The way people should treat this is just don’t buy overpriced items, they will be forced to drop prices if we all stop spending money.” DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] Gwen Walford commented: “Leave them on the shelves, stop buying them, they’ll soon get the message. Make your own cakes and traybakes, they’re so much nicer, and get more portions from one tray bake.” Paul Berrisford wrote: “The world has gone crazy. Cannot remember last time I brought a Kipling cake. “If folk are daft enough to pay them prices they will carry on selling them. Like HP food now, don’t buy them anymore, silly prices.” Tersa McNeil added: “Exceedingly good cakes. Just don’t buy them.” Bonnie Nasser wrote: “Prices are getting beyond how can they justify these prices ludicrous.”(sic) Sue House commented: “Make your own cakes.” Alison Wilkes said: “Just won’t be buying them. Still can’t get my head around all the price rises on everything. Greed springs to mind. I can do without cake.” A spokesperson for Sainsbury’s said: “While prices can go up and down for a range of reasons, we’re committed to offering our customers great choice and value whenever they shop with us. “We have a range of Mr Kipling cakes available in our stores and many of them are on offer. Currently, Mr Kipling Mini Battenberg Cakes x5 are £1.15 and Mr Kipling Chocolate Cake Slices x8 are £2.” A Mr Kipling spokesperson added: “The retail price of our products are at the discretion of the respective retailer.” As food prices continue to rise, some supermarkets are doing their bit to help struggling families. Asda is offering meals for children for as little as a £1, while kids can eat for free at Marks and Spencer stores. At Morrisons branches, one child under the age of 16 can have a free meal if an adult spends £4.99 or more.