The Daily Express understands there are currently no plans for the Sussexes to meet the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. It comes as the ongoing rift between the once-close brothers shows no sign of healing. If Harry and Meghan stay at their Frogmore Cottage home, they will be only a few minutes' walk away from William and Kate. The Cambridges are expected to move into Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate in time for the children to start school. But at the moment it looks increasingly unlikely that they will meet. Hopes of a reconciliation have been damaged by the revelation that Harry has written a memoir, which is due to be published before the end of the year. Senior royals and their advisers are on tenterhooks over what will be in the book. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit to Britain was confirmed in a statement today. The couple, who are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020, will also travel to Germany as part of their trip to support "several charities close to their hearts". A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said: "We are pleased to announce that Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will visit the United Kingdom and Germany during the first week of September this year. "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." The Sussexes will head to Manchester for the One Young World Summit, an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries, on September 5. Meghan, a counsellor for the organisation, will give the keynote address at the opening ceremony. They will also meet a group of summit delegates doing "outstanding work on gender equality", One Young World said. Harry and Meghan's next stop will be Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event on September 6. They will then return to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London on September 8 where Harry will deliver a speech. It is the first time the Sussexes have made an appearance in Britain since the Platinum Jubilee. It falls in the same week the new prime minister is due to be announced and asked to form a Government by the Queen. The monarch is expected to return to London from her annual summer break at Balmoral to carry out her head of state duties, and it is likely the Duke will want to visit her. It also comes amid Harry's legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. 