After all, what`s not to love about that Boden catalogue blend of doting dad, metropolitan vigour and freshly-scrubbed enthusiasm? As witnessed only the other day at the Commonwealth Games, where the Duke of Cambridge appeared, appealingly accessorised by the glacially glam Kate, and a pigtailed Princess Charlotte. A grouping which clearly telegraphed to onlookers that the future of the monarchy is in safe hands. Which, thanks to the Cambridges, is, in all likelihood, true. But it would be a mistake to scratch Prince Charles from the picture too soon. For the simple reason that William is surely not yet ready to be king.Of course, from a legal perspective, the heir to the throne is the eldest child of the reigning Sovereign. Accession to the Crown is a matter of a strict hereditary order not a consequence of X- Factor hustings. But for so many reasons it would be wrong to re-stack the deck, even if the constitution allowed.Sure Kate and Wills already enjoy a huge following among Royalists (as well as fascinated deniers). A situation doubtless compounded by the contrasting tribulations of the true heir apparent Prince Charles.Stories of suitcases stuffed with cash passed to the Prince of Wales from questionable quarters, even though destined for his commendable Prince's Trust, have suggested an arrogant man out of touch with the mood of the times.Not least a £1million payment from the half-brothers of Osama bin Laden, the founder of al-Qaeda who masterminded the September 11 attacks. And which, according to one newspaper report, was received by the Prince despite initial concerns raised by his advisors at Clarence House.Certainly Prince Charles suffers greatly from enduring comparisons with his son.The heir to the throne is, in the eyes of some, a paw-handed stuffed shirt, who talks to his plants and, so folklore continues to contend, has a valet to squeeze his toothpaste. As such is King Charles what the country wants? Needs? Will  current Elizabethans become a load of Charlies under his watch? Yet despite such glitches, William – at least at his relatively tender age – is still no match for his father.A man groomed for the throne from birth - but without a Diana figure to provide a real and empathetic balance to the demands of the Firm. As the longest-serving Royal heir in history, Charles` experience is immense - his role of shadow, recently transmuting to caretaker and substitute for his increasingly absent mother.  William, by comparison, needs more time to observe, process and accrue valuable on-the-job training.Kingship is not something he can yet give his all to since he is diverted, as he rightly should be, by the needs of his young family.With three children under the age of nine, this is the time for the Duke to be a father first. A role which will only build him for his future reign.That`s not to say that  William isn`t emerging as a confident and impressive global figure.He has elegantly  dealt with the fallout from Prince Harry`s departure and has been vocal in his attempts to keep Prince Andrew away from a visible role in Royal Life.But  we mustn`t meddle with the current  common law, through which Prince Charles will automatically become King.For while there`s no doubt the long-term future of the House of Windsor lies with William and the Cambridge dynasty, the Duke needs more time to prepare for the fulfilment of his birthright.  It will be worth the wait.