Want to find out how to watch Manchester United vs Liverpool online and on your TV? We’ve got all of the details on the hotly-anticipated Premier League clash in Old Trafford tonight. And this is definitely not a match that you'll want to miss, with Manchester United desperate for a win following the worst start to any Premier League season since 1986/87. Kick-off is scheduled at 8pm tonight (Monday August 22, 2022) with coverage starting from 6:30pm on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Premier League in the UK. For those watching abroad, the rights to Man Utd vs Liverpool have been secured by DAZN. Sky Sports Main Event (Sky TV channel 401, Virgin TV 360 channel 511, BT TV channel 440) and Sky Sports Premier League (Sky TV channel 402, Virgin TV 360 channel 512, BT TV channel 441) have exclusive rights to the fixture in the UK. Coverage starts from 6.30pm, with kick-off set to take place at 8pm tonight. Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports Premier League are available on Sky Go, which can be downloaded on iPhone, iPad, Android, Apple TV, games consoles, and more. For a limited time, Sky has slashed the cost of its Sky Sports package for new customers from £51 down to £44 per month. That's a saving of £126 over the course of the 18-month contract. You'll also get a Sky Q box with 300 live TV channels, a Netflix subscription, 500 on-demand boxsets from Sky, HBO Max and Peacock, and free broadband until 2023. It's one of the best Sky deals we've seen in a while ...but it isn't around for much longer. If you're already subscribed to Sky TV, but you won't be back home in time to watch Man Utd vs Liverpool tonight, it's possible to livestream the Premier League fixture from your Android, iPhone, iPad or laptop using Sky Go. You can login to Sky Go as soon as you've placed an order for Sky TV – so even if you signed up for the satellite television package today and haven't arranged for an engineer to instal your dish, you'll still be able to stream from Sky Go. Outside of the UK? If you’re currently abroad on holiday or a work trip, you’ll need to use a VPN to stream the game as if you’re on the sofa at home. In our opinion, the best VPN for streaming is ExpressVPN. For a limited time, you’ll get three months free when you sign-up for the top-rated VPN to catch all of the action from Old Trafford. Stateside? The Premier League rights were secured by NBC ahead of the 2022/23 season, so you'll need to be subscribed to NBC Sports or Peacock to watch the game tonight. If you're living in Spain, the rights to Manchester United vs Liverpool fall to sport streaming service DAZN. From August 1, DAZN shook-up its subscription tiers in Spain. First up, DAZN Essential costs €12.99 per month (or €129.99 per year) and includes access to everything on DAZN (Boxing, Basketball, Premier League, Golf) except LaLiga. If you want to stream LaLiga on DAZN, you'll need to pay €18.99 per month, with no option to pay annually. A combined offering, DAZN Total, will cost €24.99 per month or €19.99 per month if you commit to an annual plan. The match will kick off in Old Trafford at 8pm BST with coverage from 6:30pm onwards on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Premier League. It’ll be on at 9pm CST and 3pm ET. Tonight could be a turning point for Manchester United fans, who have witnessed the worst start for their team in any Premier League season since 1986/87. After the team’s four-nil loss to Brentford last Saturday and loss to Brighton in their opening match, all eyes will be on Erik ten Hag to see if he can rise up to the challenge and turn their luck around. Although the reds have had a rocky start to the season, drawing to both Fulham and Chelsea, it seems as if Monday night’s showdown will be a proper nail-biter and fans can’t wait to tune in. Ahead of the Premier League clash, it was confirmed by Erik ten Haag that Anthony Martial is back in training and could be in the starting lineup against Liverpool. He missed the first two games due to an injury, however, Victor Lindelof is still out with an injury and unlikely to be playing on Monday. Meanwhile, Liverpool’s new striker Darwin Nunez will also not be playing in the game after receiving a red card for head-butting Crystal Palace defender Joachim Andersen. MORE LIKE THIS