Britons will be keen to save on any other costs as the cost of living crisis deepens, including water bills. Everyday appliances such as the washing machine, shower and toilet can get through huge amounts of water and rack up a sizeable bill for families. Washing one's face and hands with cold water or taking a cold shower can save on energy bills. With 10 percent of energy bills going towards heating water in a household, it can make a big difference to use cold water when able. A dripping tap can waste thousands of litres of water a year, so a simple repair of a faulty tap can make a big difference. It’s worth double checking that a tap is fully turned off after use and to replace the washer as soon as it starts leaking. READ MORE: NS&I releases new savings offer with three percent interest rate Changing bathroom bulbs to energy efficient LED bulbs can help save on electricity bills, which are set to increase going into the winter months. Switching older bulbs around the house for the latest LED bulbs is an easy way to immediately start saving on costs. Apps can help consumers control their heating and lighting around their home. EDF App and Smart Home Heating are recommended by NetVouchers.co.uk, to help Britons monitor costs and switch things off when they’re out. DON'T MISS‘Labour approach’ to energy will save Britain [INSIGHT]Energy bills: The nine dates that will decide how much YOU pay [LATEST]Energy crisis lifeline as fracking tipped to slash bills if permitted [UPDATE] This water-reducing attachment fits at the end of a tap to provide a spray that uses minimal water. Fixing a dripping tap could save £300 on a water meter bill, as a trickle from a tap can use over 450 litres a day, according to research from Tap Warehouse. This adds up to 175,000 litres of wasted water over a year. Replacing just one bath a week with a four minute shower could save £12 a year on energy bills. Those who take daily baths could save a lot of money by switching to taking a shower. Unplugging and switching off all appliances after use can help reduce costs, including razors and fans. For battery powered devices, such as shavers and electric toothbrushes, it’s a good idea to switch off the charger as soon as they are fully charged. Taking a four-minute shower every day rather than the average eight minutes can bring in savings of £100 over a year, according to figures from The Bathroom Showroom. A great way to time a shower is to play a song and try to finish by the time the music stops. A leaky toilet can also get through a huge amount of water, as a leaky cistern can get through 400 litres a day, enough to fill five baths. This could add up to a household wasting £300 a year on bills. Some toilets can leak 8,000 litres a day, adding up to £6,000 a year. One sign of a leaky toilet is if there is a flow of water at the back of the toilet pan when it hasn’t been flushed.