 On Friday morning BBC radio and TV presenter Richie Anderson was revealed as the third contestant to be taking part in the 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing. He joins TV actors Kym Marsh and Will Mellor, who were announced as contestants on Thursday, August 4. Mr Anderson, who reads the travel news on several shows across BBC Radio 2, will be competing as part of a same-sex couple – the third to appear on the show. READ MORE: When does Strictly Come Dancing 2022 start? He said it was a “dream come true”, adding that he “cannot wait to get in those sparkles and sequins”. He told Zoe Ball on Friday morning's show: “Strictly is the ultimate feel-good show, as soon as I hear that iconic theme tune it's just pure escapism. “I'm going to have to cancel my legendary Strictly launch night kitchen party that I throw every year, I'm sure my friends and family will understand.”  Actor Will Mellor, known for appearing in Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps, was the first contestant announced. He told BBC Breakfast he was “honestly so chuffed to be taking part” in the show. Host of BBC One's Morning Live and actress Kym Marsh was announced as the second contestant on Thursday. She told BBC Breakfast: “I'm nervous but I'm really looking forward to it.” DON'T MISS: Richie Anderson 'cancels' plans as he joins Strictly Come Dancing 2022 [LATEST]POLL: Will you be watching Strictly Come Dancing this year? [VOTE]Bruno Tonioli admits Strictly Come Dancing return is 'impossible' [INSIGHT] The BBC has confirmed the show’s launch will be filmed on September 7. More contestants are due to be announced for the next series in the coming days. The BBC said: “Dust off your dancing shoes, Strictly Come Dancing is back! The stunning 20th series returns, bringing glamour and show-stopping dancing back to Saturday nights on BBC One – and we’re extremely excited to be able to welcome an audience back to the studio for this year’s shows.” So, what do YOU think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.