On Reddit, one new cruise passenger asked: “What are your top items you would like to bring with you?” They were especially interested in things that make a cruise holiday easier or more fun. One guest said: “A whiteboard for the door, people love leaving fun messages and I enjoy reading them.” Cruise passengers will often need to pass a lot of doors to get to their own cabin and may enjoy writing on a whiteboard. Cruise ship crew are often really fun and will be happy to share funny messages with their passengers. Many passengers even become good friends with their room steward and might enjoy sharing thank you notes and fun messages. READ MORE: Warning as two beaches closed by sewage pollution A Reddit user replied saying: “I love the whiteboard idea. A family close to my room had one and I loved reading it. “When I walked by one afternoon, it read ‘Mum’s napping, so be quiet’." Another passenger shared their own essential item to pack and said they couldn’t do without it. They said: “Chapstick! A lot of ships don’t have it and my lips were mad at the world.” Another cruise guest agreed saying: “Two days and my lips get so red. No exceptions.” Cruise guests are likely to spend a fair amount of time on deck and can be exposed to a lot of wind. Wind can often make skin and lips dry so it’s always a good idea to carry chapstick on a cruise holiday. One essential item proved fairly controversial with many of the Reddit commenters saying they wouldn’t take it. READ MORE: Ex-cruise worker shares how to get a free cabin upgrade A person said: “My fiance and I got matching bum bags for boarding day purely as a joke to be tacky tourists, but we ended up using them the rest of the cruise. “It’s unbelievably convenient for a cruise, I could fit everything I needed for a day on the pool deck in a pack.“Same thing for carrying passports on port days.” One passenger agreed saying: “It’s ridiculous how great bum bags are on vacation.” However, another cruise guest joked: “My wife will not see the light on how convenient and amazingly tacky the bum bag is.” Bum bags can be controversial as they’re often not the most stylish choice of bag for a holiday. However, they can be very useful to carry items around and a flat one can even be concealed under clothing. A flat money belt is a great way to avoid attracting attention at cruise ports and stay out of the reaches of pickpockets. Cruise ports can be hotspots for thieves as people are looking out for tourists. It's usually best if passengers leave valuables onboard the ship.