During Tuesday’s instalment of This Morning, ex-model Lisa Snowdon brought on three former Love Island contestants to model some beach swimwear for hosts Rochelle Humes and Vernon Kay. Although after 28-year-old Jay Younger said he didn't work on his abdomen, Vernon said he was being “outrageous”. Today’s fashion segment of the ITV show focused all on summer swimwear for men and how to add a pop of colour to your wardrobe. Usually, This Morning has an array of models to display the items that have been picked out by the fashion experts. However, today's episode was a Love Island special following the finale on Monday evening which saw Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti crowned the winners. Walking down the This Morning runway was Deji Adeniyi, Billy Brown and Jay Younger.   Wearing his second outfit, Jay appeared on-screen shirtless with some blue trunks as hosts Rochelle and Vernon watched from the sidelines. Speaking about the fit, Lisa said: “I think that teal, personally, makes your tan pop and your abs pop as well.” Admiring his physique, Vernon wanted to find out more about Jay’s workout routine. He asked the Love Island star: “What’s your favourite stomach exercise for your abs?”   “I actually don’t do any stomach exercises!” Jay admitted. Instantly, all three presenters let out a loud groan with Lisa saying: “Oh whatever.” Not believing him, Vernon quickly got up from his seat and made his way over to Jay as he jokingly pulled him off stage. Getting him out of the shot, Vernon said: “Mate, get off, go on. That’s outrageous!    Still in disbelief when Jay was off the runway, Vernon held his hands in the air as he shouted: “Why would you say that? “Why would you say, ‘I don’t do any abs’ He’s all abs!” Laughing, Rochelle called out for their next model Deji to come out and save the day. Although during yesterday’s show it was Vernon who decided to walk off set alongside journalist Gyles Brandreth.    The fashion segment came after Rochelle shared recent research showing women were found to be better drivers than men. A This Morning guest commented: “Well, I think that’s just telling us something we knew already knew, which is women are safer drivers.” Vernon interjected, saying they were also better footballers following the England Women’s football team's triumph at the Euros this weekend. Rochelle then asked: “Quite frankly I think we rule, don’t you agree?” Jokingly, both Gyles and Vernon got up from the sofa as Vernon said: “Call Marvin, meet us in the pub. Over to you.” This Morning continues to air weekdays on ITV at 10am   