Mikel Arteta has admitted that he found it as no "coincidence" that Gabriel was the man to score Arsenal's winner late on following his horror mistake earlier in the second half. The Gunners had dominated Fulham in the first half, but the visitors stood firm with the likes of Gabriel Jesus and Gabriel Martinelli finding it hard to break down the defensive unit. And they were made to pay for their missed chances in the second half as Arsenal took their foot off the gas. Gabriel thought he had more time on the ball inside his own box and wasn't aware that Aleksandar Mitrovic was lurking behind him. The Fulham forward quickly pounced to steal the ball off the Brazilian and struck past Aaron Ramsdale to the surprise of many in the Emirates. Arteta was furious on the touchlines with groans heard ringing around the Emirates from Arsenal fans. The Gunners were able to rally and found themselves level when Martin Odegaard's deflected shot found the net. From there, all the momentum was with Arsenal and it looked a case of when not if the winner was going to come.  Eddie Nketiah was brought on for Kieran Tierney in a bold attacking substitution from Arteta as the pressure continued to pile on Fulham. But it was starting to look like they would hold on with Arsenal still unable to trouble Bernd Leno too often. That all changed in the dying minutes of the match though when Arsenal won a corner and a goalmouth scramble ensued with Gabriel there fighting to poke the ball into the back of the net. Jubilant celebrations ensued as Gabriel sprinted to the corner flag and was mobbed by his team-mates.  There was some relief no doubt from Arteta at the final whistle that his side were able to come back to fight for three points. Gabriel stole the headlines with his rollercoaster match, but Arteta was not surprised in the slightest in the defenders' mentality to try and atone for his earlier mistake. “It was everyone's reaction after the equaliser that made us believe [in a possible victory]," Arteta said. “It's no coincidence that Gabby scores. His mentality is changing every day." It's now four wins from a possible four for Arsenal as they maintain their spot at the top of the table. They now have a few days to rest before hosting Aston Villa at the Emirates with a trip to Manchester United coming next weekend.  