Manchester United reportedly want to keep hold of Harry Maguire. Yet while Erik ten Hag can be forgiven for wanting the England international to stay, a parting of the ways is best for everybody involved. Just look at Paul Pogba… Manchester United thought they’d struck gold when they signed Maguire from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2019, 12 months after Jose Mourinho had missed out on a deal for the centre-back. But while the 29-year-old has had his moments in a red shirt, he’s suffered an alarming dip in form over the past 12 months. Whereas the United captaincy once offered Maguire some protecting when it comes to securing a starting berth, those things look to be a thing of the past. Ten Hag ruthlessly dropped the England international, along with Cristiano Ronaldo, for his side’s memorable 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night. And it was a decision that paid off, with both Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez forming a strong partnership as they kept Jurgen Klopp’s side at bay. In recent days, amid Chelsea’s pursuit of a new centre-back and United’s own interest in Christian Pulisic, there’s been talk of a potential departure for Maguire. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal He doesn’t want to go, with the former Leicester and Hull star happy with life at United and eager to regain his place in the team. And ESPN say Ten Hag has no desire to jettison the player, despite the fact he regressed alarmingly under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last time. Maguire, on his day, can be world-class. That’s something the Dutchman is acutely aware of, which may explain his reluctance to part ways. But United, by making him unavailable for sale, are running a huge risk. One that, based on the last three years, just isn’t worth taking. United need to be careful that Maguire doesn’t become another Pogba. Certainly, there are similarities between the two - despite their different positions and styles. For too long, the club stuck by Pogba in the hope he’d rediscover the same form that made them fork out a world-record fee of £89m for the player in the first place. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Yet that backfired. It meant potential suitors stopped picking up the phone to ring about his enquiry, saddling United with an underperforming star in the process. Only this summer was Pogba able to leave when, if the club had been bold enough, he’d have been sold when he flirted with Real Madrid so openly back in 2019. Of course, he’s world-class on his day. Much like Maguire. But being at United these days seems to do something. Losing Pogba on a free is unforgivable from a business perspective, especially when they had a chance to get a huge fee for him in the previous years. Since his purple patch under Solskjaer in 2019, Pogba has done precious little of note. He should have been cut loose but Ed Woodward and the Glazers, loving his commercial profile, opted against a sale. And United will have to be wary of making a similar error with Maguire. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. This represents a chance to get him off the books. Even a loan spell could work out, ensuring his value rises so they can sell him for a good amount down the line. But, by sticking with the 29-year-old and risking it all, the club could end up looking foolish once again. Say Maguire ends up being fourth-choice centre-back by the end of the season. What then? Who, realistically, will spend the big bucks on him? It won’t be any of Europe’s elite, meaning Chelsea somewhat represent a last chance saloon - for both United and Maguire himself. By making him unavailable for sale, the fallen Premier League giants are in genuine danger of being stuck with him until his contract expires in 2025. And that’s another consideration, too. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team At the end of the season, he’ll have two years left on his deal. The club could even keep Maguire for longer, due to a clause in his contract that enables them to extend his deal by another 12 months. It’s hardly ideal for a player who is taking him a huge £189,000-a-week over at Old Trafford. So while United can be forgiven for wanting to keep Maguire for his talent, in the hope he’ll come good, it’s a risky approach. Selling him now would be wise. Maguire comes under so much stick, receives so much criticism, it’s hard to see him ever becoming the player he once was. United prize themselves for their business heads - so it’s about time they put them together to come to the right conclusion for all involved. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here