Together for Short Lives, Contact, Scope, and other organisations representing disabled families urge the next PM to “address the mounting hardship facing those caring for seriously ill children.” Many are at breaking point over spiralling prices. The grim reality is that 14 million disabled people in the UK already face extra costs of £583 a month for higher energy bills and expensive equipment, according to research by Scope. These families are now facing the alarming news that Cornwall Insight is predicting the energy price cap to rise by 81 per cent in October. And next year is looking just as bleak as it is expected to then rise by a further 19 per cent in January. The consortium is asking both candidates to agree on a package of financial support for these families and they stress that this is needed “immediately” before the Conservative leadership election concludes. In an open letter to the future hopefuls, which has 83 signatures, the group are calling for the Government to double the £150 disability payment when it is paid in September. They are also asking for an emergency uprating of benefits in line with current inflation, which recently hit a 40-year high of 10.1 per cent. The Daily Express’ End the Disability Bills Crisis crusade, which was launched earlier this year, supports these demands. The letter reads: “As a group of charities that represent and work with seriously ill and disabled children, and their families, we ask you both to agree to a package of financial support for these families.  “This is needed now, before the Conservative leadership election concludes. Families of disabled children will incur even higher energy costs. Research shows that families with seriously ill and disabled children are already paying almost double that of an average UK household on their energy bills. “This might be due to life-saving equipment powered by electricity or extra washing due to continence issues. Some disabled children are less mobile and get colder quicker. Others have health conditions that mean they can’t regulate their body temperature.” Andy Fletcher, chief executive of Together for Short Lives, said: “Time is short for these children, some of whom are seriously ill and unlikely to reach adulthood. Their families cannot wait long for the Government to act.” Today (Friday), consumers will find out how much their gas and electricity bills are set to rise, as the energy price cap lifts. Analysts are expecting average annual bills to increase to more than £3,500 - up from £1,971 - when Ofgem increases the threshold. The energy price cap change announced today (Friday) will kick in from October 1. Amanda Batten, Chief Executive of Contact, said: “Families with disabled children are already finding unprecedented energy costs desperately difficult, and are fearful of the next price hike due in October.  “Essential equipment like ventilators, food pumps and hoists all add up to bigger bills. And for many, it could be dangerous to cut back on usage. Further help needs to be targeted at those that need it most and right away.” James Taylor, Director of Strategy at disability equality charity Scope, said: “The support from the Government simply won’t touch the sides for disabled people and their families in the face of staggering energy bills. “Scope is hearing from parents whose children need life-saving equipment who feel punished for needing to use extra energy. They’ve already cut back everything they can. “This is an emergency.  Without urgent government intervention, many more families like these will be pushed into debt and destitution. “Disabled children and their families need much more financial support, and they need it now.” 