Is it to be a sandwich at the desk or a whizz out for lunch? How do I work my security pass? What if the popular people are a tight clique and leave me feeling lonely? On February 21 this year I turned 60. On August 26 I left the BBC and my cherished job of 33 years. On September 5 I start a new job presenting Drivetime from 4-7pm on TalkTV, plus three nights a week on its 9pm TV Show, The Talk - and I am as nervous as a first-time senior schooler. I certainly did not expect to break out of my comfortable cocoon at the BBC and hare off to fresh pastures after more than half a lifetime. I imagined a forever life of familiarity, surrounded by folk I love and machinery I can manage. I have never been one to burn boats or dash from gig to gig. I am all about putting down roots and staying firmly anchored. So why, at a vintage when people's thoughts turn to carriage clocks, elasticated waistbands and marrow growing, am I besieged by a billion butterflies fluttering frenziedly around my stomach? I did not want to - in the words of Dylan Thomas - "go gentle into that good night". I did not fancy subsiding sedately into my dotage. I still have fire in my belly. I am bristling with the vim and vigour to give MPs, councillors, employers and union leaders a spirited run for their money.  Come off it, Sussexes. You cannot nip to the UK, hunker down at delightful Frogmore Cottage and somehow be too busy to do the family rounds. I know it is a stretch, Meghan, but try to remember "real life". You know, the one you lived before your starring role in Suits transported you onto life's red carpet. You recollect family duties. You recall the weekly obligation to pop in on aunties, cousins, relatives of all shapes and sizes. You did not say you were "too busy" to do so, because there is nothing on earth more important than looking out for and spending time with your family. You make time because that is the decent thing to do. When you become a mother yourself the desire to create bonds between the generations ramps up hugely. So Meghan, if you can, make time to see Harry's grandma. Archie and Lilibet need to hold the monarch's hand and sit on her knee. There is no reason for any other behaviour.  Couturier Tomasz Starzewski, who dressed Princess Diana from 1989 until her death in 1997, describes her as the "first ambassador" for the British fashion industry. Almost inadvertently, he explains why. He wanted to persuade her to purchase outfits "just that little bit extra". She refused to buy. Diana desired clothes that were "traditional and very classic". But despite Starzewski's efforts, Diana would not budge. She knew what suited her, the job and the country. Is that not the definition of taste? Find a look in which you feel powerful, beautiful and comfortable - and stick to it. You may deviate subtly in the tiny details but your style is simple and instantly recognisable. That is how fashion icons are born.  Sobbing on my last day at the BBC, moved by a bagel banquet, bouquets, a message from the Prime Minister, tears from my fantastic team and wonderful calls from lovely listeners - some of whom had been tuning in silently for 20 years, finally piping up on my last show. I was immensely buoyed up by a motivational message from my dear chum, TV presenter Ruth Langsford. "I want to hug you," she said. "What an amazing legacy you are leaving behind. Now chin up, t*ts out and onwards to your next exciting adventure!"