NCIS has been on screens for almost two decades and continues to grip CBS viewers every week. There has been plenty of change during this time with major cast shake-ups, including the departure of veteran agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon). More than any other team member Agent Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) was heartbroken to see his boss and friend leave. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Gibbs had been suspended by Director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) and during his "time off", he managed to track down and arrest a serial killer. His investigation led him to Alaska which Gibbs instantly fell in love with and so said his goodbye to McGee, deciding to start a new life there. Agent Alden Parker (Gary Cole) had already been welcomed to the team back home but was given Gibbs' job a few episodes later. What fans might not know is that actors Murray and Cole had worked together a long time before NCIS even existed. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview Opening up to Parade, Murray revealed: “I think Gary is kicking all kinds of ass [on NCIS]. “I love it. I remember when Binder told me a year and a half ago that Gary was going to be coming on board, I was very excited. "I actually did a movie of the week with him back when they did those Hallmark Hall of Fame movies. "We did one called For My Daughter’s Honor and Gary starred in it. "He was a high school teacher who was having an affair with one of the students, and I had a smaller part in the movie.” For My Daughter’s Honor was a 1996 television movie starring Cole in the lead role as teacher and coach Pete Nash. As Murray mentioned, he starts up an affair with a student, 14-year-old Amy who is played by Nicholle Tom, who later became better known for starring in the Beethoven franchise. Murray had a minor role as a student called Ralph who can be seen sitting behind Amy in some of the classroom scenes. They weren't the only memorable actors in the movie though, as Tom Virtue, Alyson Hannigan and Sarah Rue also appeared. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits in pregnancy twist [THEORY]NCIS' Pauley Perrette announces major new career change away from TV [EXPLAINER]NCIS’ Sean Murray sparks Tony DiNozzo comeback calls with cryptic post [CAST] Speaking to TV Insider, Cole explained how his character Alden is completely different from Gibbs. He explained: "Parker isn't overly chatty, but he is more verbal. "He's not as old school; he tries to get his hands on new tech gadgets and impress everybody. "He's trying to fit in with the rest of the team. "Although he may be reluctant to voice it, he admires that Gibbs breaks rules. "Parker bends them. We'll see if it gets to the point of breaking." NCIS season 20's premiere will be a two-hour special, crossing over with NCIS Hawaii as the team searches for a dangerous suspect. The drama will pick up from the series 19 finale when Parker was on the run with his ex-wife Vivian (Teri Polo). It is up to the rest of the agents to try and figure out who has a personal vendetta against Parker if they have any hope of clearing his name. NCIS season 20 premieres on Monday, September 19, on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced.