 As prices continue to rise, with UK inflation at a 40-year high, struggling households across the UK are being urged to check so they can top up their monthly income. According to the charity Turn2us, over £15billion worth of benefits every year is not being claimed by people who are entitled to claim them and the charity Entitiledto stated that around 1.2million people are missing out on £7.46billion of Universal Credit. The charity estimates that those eligible but yet to make a claim could get an average of £6,216.     There is a range of financial support available and if a person is on a low income or out of work and lives in the UK, then they may be able to claim Universal Credit. Universal credit is available to those over the age of 18 years however some exceptions are made to those who are 16 or 17 years, are under State Pension age or their partner is, and for those who have £16,000 or less in savings between them and a partner. What a person will get is dependent on their personal circumstances. Universal Credit is replacing legacy benefits such as tax credits, housing benefits, income-based jobseeker's allowance, income-related employment and support allowance, and income support.  READ MORE: ‘We should have the same!’ Woman, 67, laments frozen state pension    However, these legacy benefits are still available in some instances. Working tax credit is for working people on low incomes, and the money is there to help with day-to-day expenses. Child tax credit is for those on a low income who are responsible for at least one child or young person and people can only make a new claim for child tax credit if they already receive working tax credit. Another financial support includes Carer’s Allowance which is given to those who are unpaid carers and are looking after someone for 35 hours a week.    Older people may be able to claim Attendance Allowance which is given to pensioners who have a disability or health condition, and Pension Credit which is a payment for those over the State Pension age and on a low income. Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a payment for working-age adults which aims to help with the extra costs of living with a health condition or a disability. The Government has a benefits calculator page on its website which offers links to “independent, free and anonymous” benefits calculators. The online calculators are provided by the charities Entitledto, Turn2us, and Policy in Practice.  READ MORE: Aldi creates 1,000 new jobs paid up to £20 an hour      These online services can give information on income-related benefits, contribution-based benefits, Universal Credit, tax credits, Council Tax Reduction, and Carer’s Allowance. These calculators estimate what people could get after they have entered details about their circumstances. People will need information on their savings, income including their partner’s, existing benefits and pensions including anyone living with a person, and their council tax bill. People will also need information on their monthly outgoings such as rent or mortgage payments and the cost of childcare.     After entering the details the calculator will show an estimate of the benefits that someone could get, how much the benefit payments could be, and how a person’s benefits will be affected if they start work or increase their working hours. It will also provide information about how a person’s benefits will be affected if circumstances change, for example, if someone has a child or moves in with their partner. People will not be able to use the online service if they are under 18. They will also not be able to give accurate results if someone is a prisoner, a student, a non-British or Irish citizen, on strike, living outside the UK, or living permanently in residential care or a nursing home. The Government also encourages people to chat to someone at their local Jobcentre, Citizen’s Advice or Age UK.   