Wordle 428 is the newest challenge for the popular word game which has gone live on Sunday August 21. If you don't want your weekend ruined by having your winning streak ended then you may be looking for some tips and tricks to help you out. Thankfully, Express Online has rounded up some clues and hints to help you solve the latest Wordle puzzle. Wordle is the daily puzzle game that has taken the world by storm this year. The rules are simple - you get six guesses to try and solve a five letter word which changes each day. You input your answers into a grid on the Wordle website and each individual tile for each letter will flash a certain colour depending on whether you're right or not. If a tile appears yellow you correctly guessed a letter that appears in the Wordle answer but it's in the wrong position, if it's green it's the correct letter in the correct position and if it's grey the letter doesn't appear in that word at all. Once you solve the latest Wordle puzzle you can share on social media a spoiler free diagram which shows how quickly you solved the puzzle - which is shown by rows of green, yellow and grey squares. You've probably seen these posts appear on your social media feed - if someone got one row which is all in green they managed to guess the Wordle in one go. If you're looking for help trying to figure out Wordle 428 then here are some tips and tricks for August 21... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 428 hints and clues for August 21... 1. Wordle 428 starts with the letter W. 2. Wordle 428 contains two vowels. 3. Wordle 428 meaning hint - unwanted or unusable material.