A Russian attempt to paint the Ukraine military in a bad light has backfired after footage was shared showing the aftermath of a HIMAR missile strike on the Kakhovka dam in the southern Kherson region. Moscow-aligned outlets shared a video recording of the damage looking to blame the Ukrainian military for striking civilian infrastructure but eagle-eyed conflict watchers were quick to spot wrecked Russian military equipment in the wreckage.  Footage captured by a drone shows the Russian base reduced to ash by the bombardment. Little is left standing within the base which was housed close to the dam complex. A number of impact craters can be seen pockmarking the area of the compound. Among the destroyed Russian military equipment identified included a valuable R-439-MD2 Satcom vehicle and five KAMAZ-based vehicles. JUST IN: Russia TV pundits shamed over rant likening Ukraine sanctions to Nazis   Ukraine accused Russia on Wednesday of killing at least 13 people and wounding 10 with rockets fired from around a captured nuclear power plant in the centre of the country, in the knowledge it would be risky for Ukraine to return fire. "The cowardly Russians can't do anything more so they strike towns ignobly hiding at the Zaporizhzhia atomic power station," Andriy Yermak, President Volodymyr Zelenskiy's chief of staff, said on social media on Wednesday. Ukraine says around 500 Russian troops with heavy vehicles and weapons are at the plant, where Ukrainian technicians continue to work. The town Ukraine says Russia targeted - Marhanets - is one Moscow says its foes have used in the past to shell Russian soldiers at the Zaporizhzhia plant, which they seized in March.  Ukraine's military said Russia also bombarded several other areas in the Zaporizhzhia region. Russia has not commented on the Ukrainian allegations and Reuters could not independently verify Kyiv's version. Ukraine and Russia have accused each other of imperilling the plant, Europe's largest nuclear complex, with attacks nearby. The Group of Seven leading industrialised countries on Wednesday told Russia to hand back the plant to Ukraine, after the United Nations atomic energy watchdog sounded the alarm over a potential nuclear disaster. Moscow says it does not deliberately target civilians in what it calls its "special military operation" aimed at safeguarding its security against NATO expansion. Ukraine and the West accuse Moscow of waging an unprovoked imperial-style war of aggression. The head of the Russian-backed separatist administration in the Donetsk region said on Wednesday that a trial of captured personnel from Ukraine's Azov Regiment would take place by the end of the summer, likely in the city of Mariupol. The Azov Regiment, a unit of Ukraine's national guard with far-right and ultranationalist origins, garnered attention for its resistance to the Russian siege of Mariupol's vast steelworks.