Manifest aired for three seasons on NBC before the network decided to cancel the series. Fans were disheartened to hear the supernatural drama had been axed, but the series is still available to watch on Netflix. Viewers are keen to find out what happened to the plane that disappeared ahead of season four. Manifest is a popular supernatural series following a group of airline passengers who go missing as part of a mysterious phenomenon. Their flight, number 828 headed to New York, included a mega-storm but the passengers believed they had arrived safely. However, they were shocked to discover they had in fact been missing for the past five years and were presumed dead. The rest of the series follows the passengers and crew as they attempt to find out the truth about what happened to them. At the end of season two, the wing of a plane was pulled out of the sea and it branded the name Montego Airways. READ MORE: Manifest showrunner admits Vance star was to play different character Fans saw the plane land at Stewart International Airport, but it seems it could have crashed five years previously. Multiple theories have been suggested as to what happened to the plane, including time travel and wormholes. Some viewers have suggested the passengers are from an alternate future, with one plane crashing and the alternate plane landing safely. In the third season, passenger Ben Stone (played by Josh Dallas) suggested they had all been resurrected as they must have died in a crash. However, Saanvi Bahl (Parveen Kaur) suggested the passengers were all linked to a divine gemstone- Sapphire - introducing a religious element. READ MORE: Does Zeke Landon die in Manifest? Is Zeke dead? Jeff Rake, who created the series, said it was loosely based on the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 in March 2014. He had pitched the idea for the series before this event, but it was only picked up following the plane's disappearance. With this in mind, the answer may remain a mystery, which was the case for the Malaysia flight. Fans have taken to Reddit to share their theories on what happened to the plane, as an answer has not yet come to light. One said: "My theory: Flight 828 travelled through time. It crashed in the future, and the people in that future realized it had caused a ripple effect in the timeline, probably a negative one. "The plane was supposed to have been a normal flight. The future people sent the plane back (it took them some time to do that, thus the 5 year gap) and the callings were basically what the passengers would have done or could have done if the flight had gone normally. DON'T MISS... Manifest season 4 release date: Does Manifest have an ending? [EXPLAINER]Manifest: Who killed Grace Stone on Manifest? [INSIGHT]Manifest season 4: Showrunner drops clue Netflix could land series [INTERVIEW] "They have to do the callings to help the timeline get back on track. If they don't do those callings, the timeline is impacted, and the time travel incident isn't corrected, thus rendering the future not what it was supposed to have been. That's all I've got." Another fan responded: "Pretty awesome theory but how would that explain the callings leading them to places they never knew about? Or the branching of different possibilities after they complete a calling. "Some callings bring two passengers together that have never met. How would the passengers from the future know to bring these strangers together? "And plus there has been a lot of clues about the callings from the passengers past/childhood linking these strangers together. "It seems to be a bit more than just people from the future sending the plane back. Also what about Zeke and the others that weren’t in the flight that get brought back to life and then receive the callings? What about the bio aspect of it? READ MORE: Manifest season 4: Ben star sparks frenzy with behind-the-scenes snap "I’m around halfway through the third season but it doesn’t seem like they’re revealing many answers. I guess we’ll never know." [Sic] The creators of the series were gutted when NBC decided to cancel it after the third season, as six seasons had initially been planned. Thankfully Netflix agreed to pick the series up for a fourth and final season. A short teaser video has been shared which gives some insight into how the story will end. Manifest seasons 1 and 2 are on Netflix now.