Eyestrain describes a common condition that crops up when your eyes get tired from intense use. Although your computer screen could be a trigger for this condition, there are also other things driving up eyestrain like spending a long time on the road or using other digital devices. The good news is that something very “simple” can “lessen” your chances of eyestrain. Speaking on his podcast Just One Thing, Dr Mosley said: “I've been writing for nearly an hour now and I'm feeling sluggish. “So, I'm going to do something that could improve my vision, pick up my posture, and really boost my mood and concentration.” The doctor is about to take a break as this simple practice has some “powerful” effects on overall health. If this seems too good to be true, the doctor shared that taking breaks and better vision is even backed by research. READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares the 15p snack that can lower ‘bad’ cholesterol by 23% - ‘Delicious’ “Just doing something as simple as regularly looking away from your screen could really improve the health of your eyes,” noted the doctor. This is also the finding of a recent study of almost 800 university students. Dr Mosley explained that this research found that “periodically refocusing” on distant objects reduces symptoms of computer vision syndrome. “[This includes] stuff like eyestrain, watering or dry eyes and blurred vision.  “Why? Well, when you stare at screens, you blink less and your eyes work harder to focus. “Taking a break allows your eye muscles to relax and lessens the chance of eyestrain.” If you’re unsure about having eyestrain and needing a break, the condition doesn’t happen without your eyes ringing the alarm bells. From soreness to blurred vision, there are tell-tale signs that can help spot eyestrain. READ MORE: Vitamin B12: The sign of low levels to spot in your feet when they're 'under a blanket' According to Mayo Clinic, the symptoms of eyestrain include: The good news is that the health portal also shares that resting your eyes can help make the symptoms go away. However, symptoms like these can also point to some underlying health conditions that need medical treatment in certain cases. You should speak to a doctor if self-care tips don’t help, the Mayo Clinic adds. If you’re worried that you don’t have enough time to take a break, Dr Mosley explained that even short ones can offer the “powerful effect”. The podcaster concluded: “Now all this week, I made myself take regular breaks. “I like the idea that I'm doing something that could help my eyes, my joints, make me more creative and boost my mood. “So there it is. Take a break and let your mind wander.”