Phone-in caller Sophia savaged the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge for being able to have an extra home. Phone-in caller Sophia claimed that the British public did not need to be funding the Royal Family through taxes, as they were rich enough. The argument got heated when Mr Max claimed that caller Sophia was not as famous as the Royals and that the Royal Family were just doing their jobs. Mr Max claimed that caller Sophia did nothing and that she was being pejorative in her reaction to the Cambridges. Mr Max said: "If you were to turn up to a charity, would you get any front-page coverage? No, you wouldn't. "If William and Kate do, they do, they are more famous than you, they are doing a job. "Now you might say it's unfair that they're born into that, but they're doing that job and you say that they do nothing. "I'm sorry but you do nothing, they do plenty." Phone-in caller Sophie told Jeremy Vine on 5: "Oh, actually we do a lot of work, we work full time, we pay our bills. "They don't need to be funded by the taxpayers, they have enough money to buy their own home. JUST IN: Ukraine citizens express fears of ‘global catastrophe’ at Europe's largest nuclear plant  "So don't tell me I do nothing, I work a full-time job and I support my family, so you do nothing by sitting there on that panel and..." Mr Max said: "I do nothing? See here's the thing Sophie you're being very pejorative, and I'm pleased by the way, Sophia... Hang on a second. "I'm pleased that you got annoyed about that because you've justified your position and that's great. "But here's the point, is that you're being pejorative about what they do and what I do, and you have no idea." Sophia added: "But you said I don't do anything, they don't do anything." Mr Max said: "I don't know I just said it as a challenge, clearly you do, what do you do Sophia?" READ MORE:'Hallmarks of Kremlin execution!' Dugin daughter bomb attack compared to hit on Skripals      Royal experts have claimed that the decision for the Cambridges to move to Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom home on Windsor Castle grounds has been due to them wanting more privacy. It has also been said that Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge want to take on a more hands-on approach to raising their children. The Cambridges have been living in Kensington Palace in busy Londons Hyde Park for some time now. And Caller Sophia has not been the only person to slam the move. DON’T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'having cashed up California cake and eating it too' with new UK return[INSIGHT] ‘Super unnecessary’ Cruise holiday makers expose what not to bother packing [REVEAL] Liverpool shooting: Schoolgirl, 9, killed in 'abhorrent' attack as police launch manhunt [SPOTLIGHT]      