DIY mosquito traps can be as effective as those found in supermarkets and only require three household items: sugar, yeast and an empty plastic bottle. A cup of hot water 1/4 cup of sugar A gram of yeast An empty two-litre plastic bottle READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips Simply cut the bottle in half around the middle. Then warm up some water and add sugar. Wait for the sugar to dissolve and when the water has cooled, add the mixture into the half of the bottle. Then add the yeast in order to create a carbon dioxide reaction. Remove the cap, turn the bottle upside down and push it into the bottom half to create a funnel and tape the two parts together.  A sock or piece of paper can also be wrapped around the outside to increase the trap's effectiveness. But how does the mix affect mosquitos? The insects are attracted to carbon dioxide because they perceive it as if it was the breath of humans. Mosquitos approach the trap thinking they’ll be sucking blood, but instead, they get stuck and drown in the water. The trap should be placed in the garden or outside area and emptied every two weeks when more mix should be added. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Some social media users tried the DIY mosquito trap with Hailey saying: "They aren’t attacking us anymore when we go outside!" Another one, Anna Myers, recommended adding "dish soap" to make it even more effective. She said: "Mix in some dish soap then when they go in they can’t come back out, that’s what I do with fruit flies." Social media user Jenn agreed: "Add a few drops of dish soap to break the surface tension of the water. It will help the bugs get trapped easier." Alternatively, people can buy small insect traps or mosquito killers for patios and gardens. They are small devices with blue-violet light that attract mosquitos and electrocute them and can be purchased on Amazon for less than £15. Online user Chatchatmoncoeur recommended buying said: "For me, this is the one solution. It is amazing!!"