Sex Education is a Netflix hit and filming for season four will take place in Wales until 2023. The next outing will say goodbye to some fan favourites, but a whole host of new faces will also be joining. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the newcomers and the stars saying goodbye to the series. Thomas Molloy is a famous author who works as Maeve Wiley's (Emma Mackey) US course tutor. At the end of the last season, she made the tough decision to leave her old school so she could study at Ivy League college. Dan is a 39-year-old Canadian actor best known for playing David Rose in Schitt's Creek, in which he starred alongside his father Eugene Levy. The comedian, writer and director took to Instagram to announce his latest role, saying: "Sex Ed. Season 4. VERY serious news." He shared an image showing himself as Thomas, with Maeve standing next to him in his office.  Felix Mufti is one of the series regulars in season four but the star will play a character called Roman. Felix is on Instagram and he shared a photo of himself in his trailer behind the scenes, saying: "Can finally tell u there's a new kid in town. "So honoured to join the @sexeducation family with me lovers @anthony.lexa and @miss_sassyalex, I know how much this show means to people and I can’t wait for you all to see how much it means to me." [Sic] The scouse actor and writer co-founded ‘Transcend Theatre’ where he writes and acts in plays about the transgender community. He has performed multiple times for Homotopia, the UK’s longest-running Queer art festival. READ MORE: Where are the Last of the Summer Wine cast now? Thaddea Graham is a Northern Irish actress who recently starred in the Netflix series The Irregulars. The 25-year-old star has not named her character in Sex Education yet, so fans will have to keep their eyes peeled for more information. Thaddea has also starred in the Sky series Curfew and Netflix's The Letter for the King. On Instagram she teased her latest role, saying: "Back to school I go", along with a photo of a Sex Ed book.  Imani Yahshua will be making his TV debut in season four of Sex Education. The theatre actor studied at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.  Anthony's first TV role will be in the new series of Sex Education and she will play Abbi. The actor and singer is on Instagram and she said of her latest role: "Watch out for this TRANS gal to come to a screen near you @sexeducation. "What an amazing ANTventure I have ahead of me with @elevenfilmltd @netflixuk. "Such a pleasure to have @felixmufti and @miss_sassyalex by my side through this insane journey - love you both. "It’s a pleasure to bring this new character to life. Never knew I needed her until she became part of me." READ MORE: 'Not a good lesson' Amanda Owen breaks down after tragic loss at farm Deaf actress Alexandra James has been cast and she has previously starred in BBC Three’s The Break. Announcing the news on Instagram, the star wrote: “I am so honoured to be joining the Sex Education family! That’s right, your girl is going to be on Season 4. “Thanks to Eleven and Netflix you will be able to watch me slay on your TV screen very soon! I’ll be playing Aisha, and I am so excited to share her with you all! “It has been a wild journey so far and I am so lucky and grateful to have Felix Mufti and Anthony Lexa by my side for this incredible adventure!”  Bella has previously starred in the short Dragged Up and she will be joining the cast of Sex Education in her second TV role.  Reda has previously starred in EastEnders as Imran Qureshi and Baghdad Central as Ali Jabani. One of his most recent credits is the Netflix and AppleTV film titled Pirates. The star's role in Sex Education is yet to be revealed. DON'T MISS... Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 [INTERVIEW] NCIS: Mark Harmon finally speaks out on why he really quit as Gibbs [INSIGHT] Virgin River season 5 theory: Two newcomers arrive after Lizzie clue? [THEORY] Sadly the sexually adventurous teacher Emily will not be rejoining her colleagues in the fourth season. Her exit was announced at the start of August and she told the Daily Star Sunday at the time: "I’m not part of the new series. I can’t really talk about why. "But I’m so proud of the show and grateful to have been part of something so important. There is nothing bad about Sex Education."  Alien-loving Lily was a fan-favourite character in the series and she had just formed a relationship with Ola (Patricia Allison). Speaking about her exit, Tanya told Digital Spy: "I think that for Lily, her storyline was just wrapped up quite nicely at the end of season three. "So she's got no loose ends to tie up, she had quite a happy ending. "At the end of last season, everyone kind of gets scattered, and I think that's just a good opportunity to bring in some new characters. "I absolutely will miss [her]. I love, love Lily with my whole entire being and I had the best time on those three seasons, and I will miss it for sure." Olivia was in the popular clan at Moordale High and she turned to Otis (Asa Butterfield) for intimacy advice. After joining the latest season of Bridgerton, the actress revealed she had left her Sex Education days behind. She spoke to ITV's This Morning about her potential return to Sex Education, saying: "I get asked that all the time. No, I'm a Bridgerton girl now."  Back in July 2022, Patricia Allison revealed she would not be returning as Ola, whose father was dating Otis's mother. Speaking on Capital Xtra she said: "I have absolutely loved being on Sex Education so much and playing Ola, but unfortunately I won’t be joining the team for season four. "I’m so sorry to have to break that to you guys, but I’m just going to be doing some other little things. "Some other opportunities have come up. I’ve been doing it for three years and I’ve genuinely loved it.” Sex Education season 4 will air on Netflix