The Duke and Duchess of Sussex agreed to drop their roles as working royals in the early part of 2020 as part of the "Megxit" agreement that saw the family move from the UK to the US. In June, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made their first public appearance together in the UK in around two years when they returned for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. They only played a small part in the proceedings and were not present on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the annual Trooping the Colour flyover from the RAF - a moment that was reserved for working royals. Staff are now reportedly preparing for their visit to Balmoral in Scotland - one of the Queen's royal residences - later this year, alongside their young children Archie and Lilibet. But an insider has said this could be a "bittersweet invite" for Meghan who fears Harry may want to return to the UK one day amid claims from royal experts he is homesick. The source claimed the Duchess of Sussex "doesn't doubt" her husband's commitment to wanting to spend the rest of his live in the US, but worries "over how these types of visits can pull at his heartstrings". The Balmoral insider told Closer magazine: "It’s a bittersweet invite for Meghan, because on one hand it fuels her and Harry’s confidence that they are very much still part of the family. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's battle with 'onslaught' attempts to spark anger "But after so much time away, she fears Harry will be lured back into the fold and want to return to the UK. "Meghan doesn’t doubt that Harry is committed to spending the rest of his life in America, but does have certain trepidation over how these types of visits can pull at his heartstrings. "She’s been aware of Harry’s homesickness for some time, and she can see just how excited he is to show more of his heritage to their children, without the attention and security fears that surrounded them in London.” The insider added: "It goes without saying he wants to spend as much time with his grandmother while he still can.  "So this offer is a big deal to him and it’s one he’s going to take up with open arms. "It’ll be such a treat to spend precious time with the Queen, and Harry would love to enjoy a pint in a British pub and spend time with his family in the countryside. He’s really missed it." The invite from the Queen to Harry and Meghan has been seen as another olive branch extended to the couple. Their last visit to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations saw them introduce their one-year-old daughter Lilibet to the 96-year-old monarch in a private meeting, away from photographers. DON'T MISSDr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [COMMENTS]Royal POLL: Should Harry and Meghan stop using royal status? [POLL]Prince Harry 'not going to knock any family members' in book [REPORT] They celebrated the youngster's first birthday at their former home of Frogmore Cottage in Windsor before returning home to California, where they now reside. But the trip came just over a year after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with chat show legend Oprah Winfrey for a bombshell interview that send shockwaves throughout royal circles. They alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be born baby, Archie. Prince William later stressed: “We are very much not a racist family.” During the interview with Oprah, the couple also alleged the Royal Family of ignored Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal. Buckingham Palace issued a rare public statement, which said the claims were “concerning” and would be “addressed by the family privately”.