Sophie Wessex, 57, and Lady Louise Windsor, 18, attended the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham on Monday. The mother-daughter duo arrived wearing blue ensembles, Sophie in a Me + Em blue skirt and Louise in a Peter Pilotto printed dress. The Countess of Wessex changed outfit later in the day into a Me + Em ditsy floral tea dress.  This was a repeat wear for Sophie which cost £225 at the time of purchase. However, it is now on sale for just £157.50. The print is lightweight printed woven in soft white, black, and red. Louise looked very similar to her mother in another red printed dress. READ MORE: Kate is like 'no other royal woman' Her dress was a Seasalt Cornwall Enor dress in Star Flower Barn Red. The red and white dress is made from 100 percent cotton according to the website. Lady Louise accessorised with a Clogau Gold fairy locket. The description on the website says: “Inspired by ancient tales of Welsh fairies, the sterling silver and 9ct rose gold Fairy locket is one of the most intricate and beautiful pieces we've ever created. “Hanging freely, and enclosed within the Tree of Life filigree heart locket, is a 9ct rose gold fairy, protecting the wearer from harm. “Also contained within is rare Welsh gold. “The silver chain that accompanies this locket measures 18 inches (46cm) and is secured by a bolt ring clasp.” Unfortunately, the jewel has been discontinued so it is unclear how much the necklace cost. READ MORE: Camilla Parker Bowles' diet includes tips to avoid 'back pain' Royal fans took to social media to praise Sophie and Louise’s matching style. Instagram user @kaycotterill22 referred to Sophie saying: “Love her hair.” Another fan, @isabelq42, added of the Countess: “The dress is cute.” Royal watcher @sonyakayani said of Louise:: “I love that we’re seeing more of Lady Louise.  “I think she’s already showing subtlety that she has a great personality despite her shy demeanour.” Another fan was not impressed with the mother-daughter duo’s style. Instagram user @arie_da_regina commented: “They have no taste.” 