Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has already achieved one thing Arsene Wenger couldn't by making the Emirates Stadium a joyful place on match day for the club's supporters. There were certainly some huge home victories during Wenger's reign but what Arteta has created is completely different. Arsenal fans were left disillusioned by the club for many years. Top four was seen as an underachievement for a team who moved from their beloved Highbury to their new state-of-the-art stadium in 2006 in order to "compete" with their rivals. If Arsenal weren't challenging for the title, the fans were not happy. They had been sold an unrealistic dream and it has taken over a decade for them to get used to it. Once Wenger couldn't even achieve what had been his bare minimum of Champions League qualification, it was clearly time for a change. But there were worse times to come. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Chelsea Zaha talks, Spurs deal blocked  As has been seen with Manchester United, the departure of a long-term manager is not something easy to overcome. Unai Emery had some good days but the supporters never loved the Spaniard and did not feel the connection that they craved from both their manager and players. Arteta set about repairing that upon his appointment in December 2019. It has taken almost three years, with more downs than ups in that time, and he has fought off numerous calls for his head. Arsenal have often been lambasted for the lack of atmosphere at the Emirates. At times over the years, it has been deadly silent, either side of the toxicity aimed at previous managers and the club's owners. But as soon as the noise goes in the opposite direction, the celebration police are out in full swing. Richard Keys and Andy Gray in particular have been vocal since Saturday's 2-1 win over Fulham. DON'T MISSArsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered'Arsenal already have 'their own De Bruyne' as Arteta seeks late dealMan Utd may give Antony a world-class partner in crime before deadline  Arsenal were aiming to win a fourth-successive match at the start of the season to remain top until at least Tuesday. They fell behind in the 56th minute after a Gabriel mistake. But the reaction from the supporters was like nothing seen in the last 16 years at the Emirates. Arsenal fans recognised their players needed them and they did not disappoint. Of course, there were a few loud moans and groans when a chance went begging or a simple mistake was made. That's football, it's a game of emotions and people are so desperate for their side to win that it cannot be hidden. But as Arsenal came back to equalise and then win the game in the final five minutes, it became a carnival-like atmosphere in N5. Reactions like that were only usually reserved for victories over north London rivals Tottenham, or against the mighty Barcelona, during Wenger's reign. This was against newly-promoted Fulham. But it wasn't just the result that was being celebrated.  Arsenal fans feel that connection with their players. Arteta has brought it back and they are closer than ever before. That is evident in the chants fans are creating for their heroes. At times in the recent past, only a small number of the squad have been sung about. However, it won't be long before all regular starters have their own song. Even Granit Xhaka's name has been shouted from the stands in recent weeks. Speaking on beIN SPORTS, Keys' main gripe from the weekend was about Arteta and his players' reaction to the win, saying they were over-celebrating a victory against a team the size of Fulham. He also said: "I think this reaction yesterday from Arteta and co tells me how far they've fallen." Yes, Richard. You've nailed it. Arsenal had fallen massively. No league title since 2004, and a first season with no European football in 25 years after back-to-back eighth-placed finishes.  Arsenal fans have felt so low about their team for so long that any success is going to be blown out of proportion. But that's fine, it's the trials and tribulations of being a football supporter. It wasn't until October 22 last season that Arsenal had won four league matches. It's happened at the earliest opportunity this time around. Fans aren't stupid. Most don't realistically think a title challenge is possible this season and know there is far tougher opposition to come. But for some, they have fallen back in love with the club again. The Emirates is finally a place the fans can call home and that is solely down to Arteta, something Wenger was unable to achieve. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here 