Magnum PI star Roger E. Mosley has sadly died aged 83, with his daughter confirming the news in a moving tribute to her late father. His daughter Ch-a announced that her father had died “peacefully” over the weekend.   She wrote on Facebook: "Roger E. Mosley, my father, your friend, your ‘coach Mosley’ your ‘TC’ from Magnum P.I., passed away at 1:17am. "He was surrounded by family as he transcended peacefully. "We could never mourn such an amazing man,” she continued. “He would HATE any crying done in his name. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning    “It is time to celebrate the legacy he left for us all,” she added. "I love you daddy. You loved me too. My heart is heavy but I am strong. “I will care for mommy, your love of almost 60 years. “You raised me well and she is in good hands. Rest easy."    Roger played Theodore 'TC' Calvin in the original Magnum PI series, which ran from 1980 to 1988. The popular show starred Tom Selleck as Thomas Magnum and John Hillerman as Jonathan Quayle Higgins III. Roger’s character TC owned a helicopter business and was often helping the leading man escape danger. He reportedly loved the role and even came out of retirement to return to the Magnum PI reboot in 2019 and 2021 as John Booky. READ MORE... Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [LATEST] Anne Heche 'rushed to hospital with burns as car crashes into house' [NEWS] Brooklyn Beckham's wife thanks dad for 'having my back' amid struggles [NEWS]     The actor was born in LA and began his acting career in 1972, playing a truck driver in The New Centurions. From there he went on to star as Monk in 1973’s Terminal Island, before landing his big break in 1976. The star played the titular character of the hit Leadbelly, which followed the life of the eponymous musician. Roger also starred in films including The Greatest (1977), The White Lions (1981), Unlawful Entry (1992) and Letters from a Killer (1998).      Fans took to social media to pay tribute to the late actor, with Phil writing: “RIP Roger E Mosley. A great actor and it was good to see him on the reboot of Magnum PI.” Corinne added: “We will never forget our great original TC. RIP Roger. E. Mosley by flying to the stars.” (sic) Stephen Hill tweeted: “Shout out to Roger E. Mosley who told me he would read books on the show because a black man with a book in his hand on TV was rare at the time.” While Philip  Michaels reminisced about Magnum PI, penning: “So much of my Magnum PI enjoyment comes from Roger E. Mosley, the unsung comic hero of many a scene on that show.”   