Manchester United icon Gary Neville believes wantaway striker Cristiano Ronaldo is the Red Devils’ new Paul Pogba and will need to leave if he causes too much trouble for Erik ten Hag. Ronaldo has demanded to leave United this summer, believing he can still compete in the Champions League. The Old Trafford hierarchy are insistent that Ronaldo will see out the remainder of the two-year contract he signed just last summer. But the 37-year-old’s agent, Jorge Mendes, is pleading for interested clubs to come forward. Ten Hag has already criticised Ronaldo for leaving the club’s friendly against Rayo Vallecano before full-time. Neville believes the veteran could become a problem for his new boss - just like Pogba did for his predecessors. The former right-back is unsure that Ronaldo even fits Ten Hag’s style, suggesting that some of the free-flowing football seen in pre-season will not be possible with the Portugal captain in the team. Ronaldo could end up being sold if he continues to be a problem for Ten Hag, with Neville suggesting the forward has already ‘undermined’ his manager by making his quest to leave so public. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer hint dropped by Crystal Palace boss Patrick Vieira "Let me be really clear, Ronaldo’s achievements in football go beyond anything that anybody could ever wish for and imagine. He’ll go down in the top players of all time and always will be, and what happens this summer at Manchester United will be forgotten about in 20 years,” Neville said on the Overlap, in partnership with SkyBet. "But it’s unpalatable for me to watch, as an ex-Manchester United captain, an ex-Manchester United senior player, and thinking that at this moment in time the star player in the dressing room is playing up. It happened at times over the last few years where you had Pogba’s agent – not necessarily Pogba all the time but his agent – always playing up with the club. You can’t have your star player in a club running the shop. You cannot have it. "I’ve not been to a Manchester United game yet [under Ten Hag], but I was watching all the clips of the goals that were scored on the tour, and some of those goals that you were watching, they’re unbelievable goals. They're not easy goals to score at anytime this season, let alone in pre-season when you’ve just had a manager who’s been there a few weeks. DON'T MISS...Man Utd’s role for Sesko within squad as Murtough drives interestMan Utd ‘considering De Jong U-turn’ that would shame three peopleMan Utd owner Glazer's position on Ronaldo future revealed "I’m not sure they could actually score those types of goals and play that way that Ten Hag wants to play in terms of the high pressing – we know he [Ronaldo] can’t do that – and the way in which he wants to play on the ball, I’m not sure he fits into Ten Hag’s way. That Saturday night, when that statement came out that Cristiano Ronaldo wants to leave and then the Monday morning I think something else came out – I’m not sure the club were even aware. The timing was horrific coming into the start of the season. "It undermined Ten Hag straight away – it meant that Ten Hag literally has had every single press conference that he does is just obliterated by the Ronaldo issue. I think looking back, Pep [Guardiola], [Jurgen] Klopp, [Antonio] Conte, Sir Alex Ferguson – if a player becomes the dominating factor, and a distraction in the press conference for a manager, there’s only one thing that has to happen. We all know it." United begin their 2022-23 season at home to Brighton on Sunday.