Without a clean washing machine, laundry may not be as fresh as it could be. Some people may even experience nasty odours coming from their machines. Karen Barrigan, cleaning expert at Housetastic.co.uk, shared top tops on how to clean all elements of a washing machine properly. She told Express.co.uk: “The most easy and efficient way to clean a washing machine drum is to put on an empty cycle. “To do this, add a little bit of washing detergent directly into the drum, and hot wash on around 60 degrees. “Try to put the cycle on the hottest wash possible by your appliance, in order to kill germs, and remove any build-up and limescale.” When cleaning the washing machine, it is also important not to forget the drawer. READ MORE: Property: Budget hacks to replicate ‘luxurious aesthetic’ in your home Karen recommended making sure it is free of old, stagnant detergent from washes of the past. The expert explained: “Due to the drawer always being shut, old detergent can stay moist for long periods of time which can eventually lead to mould. “Putting on a cycle with a mouldy drawer can lead to bad bacteria and odours on our clothing. “Ensure you regularly maintain the drawer by removing it and scrubbing with an old toothbrush and some regular cleaner, or washing up liquid. DON'T MISS:UK house prices fall for the first time in 13 months [EXPLAINER]‘Unusual’ ways to clean kitchen appliances - including using oil [EXPERT]How to stop ants nesting in your plant pots - ‘deters’ pests [INSIGHT]  “Make sure you scrub inside the cavity of the drawer too, as old debris can often be hiding out of sight. “Give the drawer a quick rinse before reinstalling it and you’re good to go.” One area which is often forgotten about when cleaning the machine is the filter. It helps to prevent fibres and dirt from ending up in the pump. READ MORE: Kitchen upgrades which can 'boost the appeal and value' of your home Karen said it is not uncommon to find some strange items there. The cleaning expert said: “Due to this, and it also being a humid environment, it can become a breeding ground for bad bacteria and nasty smells. “Ensure you regularly remove and empty the filter to remove all fibers and items that have gathered within it. “To do so, first locate your filter. “Usually, the filter is located along the bottom of the machine, however, check your manual if you’re unsure on where to find it.” Place a bowl on the floor underneath the emergency drain tube to prevent leakages. Then, unplug the tube and release any water that may be inside before reattaching. Karen added: “Once you have completed this step you can unscrew the filter cover to release the washing machine filter. “Empty the filter and allow any trapped dirt and water to escape - lay down a towel if needed. “Give the cavity  once over with a cloth to remove any excess and then replace the filter and cover.”