Royal commentator Neil Sean has suggested Prince Harry and Meghan may now hold back from announcing any new lucrative plans in a bid to avoid bad publicity. The Duchess of Sussex recently suffered a setback after a much-hyped animated series with Netflix called Pearl was axed amid cuts at the streaming giant. Mr Neil: "The Pearl thing really hit Meghan very hard because it was very embarrassing wasn’t it for them? “Archewell productions proudly announced that they’re going to be making etc…And then for them to have to remove it even though it was in the public domain and everybody knew, now they’re basically stating that they don’t want to put anything on the website unless it’s 100% going forward so that they don’t experience any more ridicule.” “But for now Harry and Meghan are finding out the very hard and tough way that even bosses like Netflix that are with millions and billions are ruthless, and once they decide that you’re no longer useful to them, they will find out very soon that the axe could simply fall on all projects from the Archewell company,” he claimed. “Possibly, that’s why we’ve seen so much reticence on [updating] their website.” It comes as the royal family is bracing itself for Harry's forthcoming tell-all book, which the Prince has vowed will be an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. The Duke of Sussex has paid a solo visit to Mozambique to highlight wildlife conservation in the southern African country. Harry travelled from California without the Duchess of Sussex for the short stay earlier this week in his capacity as president of African Parks. The duke's spokesperson said Harry was welcoming and co-hosting a group of US officials, conservationists and philanthropists as they toured protected wildlife and nature areas.  Harry was shown - in pictures which surfaced on Twitter - dressed casually in a cap, polo shirt, shorts and trainers in the coastal town of Vilanculos. The popular beach resort is the gateway to the islands of the Bazaruto Archipelago, renowned for their idyllic beaches and diverse marine wildlife. In 2010, Harry went to Mozambique to tour a minefield with the Halo Trust, while dressed in a visor and protective vest in scenes reminiscence of his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. African Parks is one of the few private patronages Harry retained when he stepped down as a senior working royal in 2020. DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS]  He has worked with the charity since 2016 where he helped them complete their relocation of 500 elephants in Malawi. Harry is preparing for a whirlwind return to the UK at the start of September with Meghan, when the pair set to attend the One Young World Summit in Manchester and the WellChild Awards in London. They will also head to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event.