Manchester United’s hopes of signing Frenkie de Jong have taken a new blow with reports in Spain suggesting Bayern Munich want to take the Barcelona star on loan. Though the Red Devils have spent big on Casemiro, they’re set to make a last attempt to bring the 25-year-old to Old Trafford. However, when it comes to that deal, things appear tricky. Manchester United recently recruited Casemiro from Real Madrid, with the Brazil international unveiled before their stirring 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night. But, despite that deal, Erik ten Hag is still hopeful of securing a reunion with De Jong before the transfer window slams shut. United are set to make a last attempt to recruit the 25-year-old, who has also been linked with a move to Chelsea amid the uncertainty over his Barcelona future. Yet, now, Jijantes via Sport have claimed De Jong has received a loan offer to join Bayern Munich until the end of the campaign. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal It’s claimed they’re looking to repeat their Philippe Coutinho transfer trick, having temporarily taken the Brazil international to the Allianz Arena in 2019. Coutinho had struggled for Barcelona after joining from Liverpool and the Catalan giants allowed him to leave on loan. Bayern paid £7.2million for that deal, with the German giants seeing the 30-year-old score eight Bundesliga goals and clock up six assists from 23 matches. Two of his goals were actually in the Champions League against Barcelona, with Coutinho bagging a brace in a memorable 8-2 win. The deal with Barcelona included an option to buy but, in the end, that didn’t happen with Coutinho returning to Catalonia instead. Now, it seems they’re hopeful of doing the same with De Jong. And it would certainly be a positive end to a good transfer window for Bayern as they look to win the Bundesliga title once again. Julian Nagelsmann’s side raided Ajax for both Noussair Mazraoui and Ryan Granveberch, with the former arriving on a free. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him They raided Rennes for Mathys Tel, with the 17-year-old seen as a prospect for the future. Barcelona lost Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona but were able to recruit Sadio Mane from Liverpool as a replacement, with the Senegal international already scoring three goals from as many league matches. And Matthijs de Ligt, who played alongside De Jong at Ajax, has moved to Germany from Italian giants Juventus. Speaking before United signed Casemiro instead of De Jong, meanwhile, Gary Neville insisted the Red Devils had ‘a lot’ riding on a deal for the midfielder. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “There’s a lot on that De Jong deal,” said Neville. “Just generally. Not just for the team but for the club, the new operation, so they can get a deal over the line. “There are three scenarios. One is that they get him, they look smart, they look patient, they look like they’ve bided their time and got the deal that they wanted. “Or, he stays at Barcelona. Which I think could be slightly embarrassing given the relationship the manager’s got with the player. “Or the horrific outcome is that, he doesn’t just leave Barcelona, he goes to Chelsea - a competitor in the Premier League. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “That wouldn’t be a good outcome for United’s recruitment department. I think that would cause problems in the next few weeks. “At the moment, it might be in two or three weeks Ronaldo settles down, says he’s staying, the football they’ve played in pre-season has been great, they might get De Jong over the line, all of a sudden you’re thinking: oh wow, it could be United.” As well as De Jong, United also want to make other signings as well. A new right-back is being eyed, as well as a fresh goalkeeper to challenge David De Gea for a starting berth. And the Red Devils also want a new forward, with Antony and Cody Gakpo both under consideration. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here