The Sex Education star is believed to be making his first appearance as the new doctor during the show’s 60th anniversary special next year. However, filming for the 14th series of the sci-fi show is expected to start very soon. It looks as though Ncuti won’t have to wait too long to step into his role as the new doctor as Hollywood reporter states the star will be filming his series from this November. Although the 14th series isn’t expected to air until 2024, there’s been speculation that fans will get to see an early glimpse of the Sex Education star. It comes after comments were made by How I Met Your Mother star Neil Patrick Harris, who will be making an appearance during the 60th celebrations next year as a villain. The actor, who’ll be playing a celestial toymaker, said he got to “meet and interact” with Ncuti.   Giving fans an insight into the 14th Doctor, Neil said: “He’ll be the first gay Doctor, which is going to be super cool, a sexier Doctor.” His comments have made fans believe Ncuti could be seen during the episode regenerating as the next Time Lord.   Currently, fans have seen actress Jodie Whittaker save the world from intergalactic aliens since 2017. Although she’ll be making her exit during the BBC’s 90-minute long special episode which is expected to air this October. Despite being the first female doctor in the show’s long-running history, the 40-year-old made a “three series and out” pact with showrunner Chris Chibnall. Speaking about leaving the show, Jodie said: “My heart is so full of love for this show, for the team who make it, for the fans who watch it and for what it has brought to my life.  “And I cannot thank Chris enough for entrusting me with his incredible stories. We knew that we wanted to ride this wave side by side, and pass on the baton together.” Chris will also be leaving his showrunner role when Jodie leaves and will be being replaced by Welsh showrunner Russell T Davies. Russell worked on the BBC show 12 years ago between the years 2005 and 2010 and has since worked on the hit Channel 4 show It’s A Sin. Although at the time the 59-year-old stated he’d never go back to working on Doctor Who, he recently admitted he lied.  Speaking to Radio Times, he said: “The truth of it is, everyone lies when they leave Doctor Who and says 'Oh, I've moved on! “I've been thinking about it since I was three, so there's no way you stop thinking about it.” The showrunner also teased fans by stating that there are things that are coming up which are a brand new way of telling stories that haven’t been done before. He added:“I wouldn't have gone back if it wasn't feeling new.” Doctor Who's next special premieres in October 2022 on BBC One 