John Torode, 56, has worked with Gregg Wallace, 57, since 2005 on MasterChef, although the pair have known each other since the early 90s. During this time there have been plenty of pranks, with John recalling to Express.co.uk a "ghastly" event on Celebrity MasterChef. John actually met in 1993 when Gregg was John's fruit and vegetable supplier at Sydney Street restaurant. Due to this prior relationship, their chemistry on MasterChef came naturally and has stayed strong for nearly two decades, leaving room for plenty of laughs along the way. Recalling a certain prank on the show, John told Express.co.uk: "I remember once that I hadn’t been paying attention to what was going on and usually I watched the contestants but something had kept my mind busy. "So I ate this dish and Gregg just smiled at me in full realisation. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "What I had just put in my mouth was the most ghastly thing that could have ever happened. "It was a piece of liver that had been soaked in milk. "It was just the most awful thing, it tasted like something a deer would have found in the woods. It was just so awful." John also shared details to Express.co.uk about the pair's "amazing" offscreen friendship. He said: "We have an amazing relationship whereby we sort of chat to each other by text but we don’t really hang out together. "One of the great things about working with somebody like that as you do have a different life is we've got a different opinion on everything, and we do have different opinions on everything. "We have different opinions on what we like to how we like how we dress, cars, music, definitely on music. "And, we also have different opinions on food. And, I think that really helps with what we do and how we do that and the world we are involved in. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne clutches Ozzy’s hand after Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Zoe Ball breaks down in tears on air over Olivia Newton-John's death [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp 're-signs seven-figure deal' with Dior Sauvage [HOLLYWOOD] "So yeah, it’s a great, interesting relationship." John has been partnered with Ninja Kitchen for the past couple of months, with the chef ectatic about the partnership. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. But I have to tell you, it’s been gifted to everybody in my family since I have started working with them. "You know as somebody who has been cooking for years and years, when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces. "You can buy single items and you get them through Amazon, leading me to send them to my whole family!" He concluded: "That’s the good thing about Amazon, you can send it to your mates. "Like my eldest got some at her house and they were like ‘Great thank you very much!’" His favourite part of the range includes the Ninja Foodi ZEROSTICK Cookware. For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen(ninjakitchen.co.uk).