BBC presenter Helen Skelton loves being outside both at work and off-screen, so it comes as no surprise that her family home is set on a sprawling estate in the Yorkshire countryside. Not only does the property have plenty of space indoors, but also a generous garden for her young children to enjoy come rain or shine. As the 39-year-old gears up to take on the Strictly Come Dancing judges, Skelton will have to split her time between the studios in Hertfordshire and her cosy home in the North, but what exactly does her lavish cottage conversion look like? Helen Skelton is still learning to adapt to a new life as a single mother, following the shocking split from her husband Richie Myler earlier this year. The sad news was announced in April, just four months after the former Blue Peter presenter gave birth to their third child, daughter Elsie, who is the younger sister of their boys Ernie and Louis. Since separating, Helen has remained in their marital home in Yorkshire, where she currently lives with the pair’s three young children. Helen and Richie purchased the property in February 2020, shortly after leaving their life in France behind and returning to the UK in 2018. Since starting work on their country home, the doting parents have transformed the 1850s cottage into a modern yet cosy space, which features a quirky climbing wall and vaulted ceilings throughout. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients  In an interview for These Three Rooms with KBB Magazine, Helen showcased a full tour of the stunning property. The former SAS Who Dares Wins contestant explained that her vision for the cottage was clear from the moment they got the keys, and has since been fulfilled after four years of renovations. While standing in her elegant forest green and gold detailed kitchen, Helen told the publication: “It was obvious the downstairs needed to be one big, open space, so we had the wall between the kitchen and the living room was taken down, plus a couple of others. “We also took out the ceiling that had been put in at some stage and went for a vaulted roof to give us more height.” The Yorkshire home may fit the classical countryside look from the outside, but the interior is much more chic. White marbled flooring fills a huge open plan kitchen, with wide skylights which fill the room with natural brightness. Gold brass details wrap around the kitchen counters and island, while tall cabinets and marble surfaces complete the elegant yet colourful look. Speaking about the large kitchen and dining area, Helen said: “Being brought up on a farm, the space was always busy. “I wanted that feel here. We’re a very sociable family, everything from having other kids round to play, to enjoying takeaways with mates or cocktails with the girls, so that was important to me.” In the three bathrooms, Skelton opted for a “natural vibe” with a freestanding metal bat in one, green crackle glazed tiles in another, and “dramatic” black tiles in the guest room ensuite. DON'T MISS:How to stop earwigs eating plants - 3 traps for plants ‘under attack' [INSIGHT]How to get rid of summer pests including ants and fruit flies [REVEAL]'Keep bananas fresh for 7 days': Handy food storage hack  [ANALYSIS] In the rest of the house, the cottage features a mix of exposed stone walls, classic white barn-style doors, and what appears to be original sash windows. Neutral wall and floor colors are seen throughout, while one bedroom, which is shared by Helen’s two sons, is adored with blue and green features for a youthful feel. The BBC presenter also has a pool set up in her luscious garden, which is made up of lawns, patio space, and an abundance of stunning cottage-garden plants. While the soon-to-be Strictly star loves her “jungle” garden, she admitted that she can’t take any credit for the enchanting space, adding that “it was years of love and work by the previous owner”. While Skelton does co-parent with her former husband, Richie, she spends most of her time off-screen with their children at the family home. She frequently posts updates on her Instagram page showing herself and the kids splashing around in their garden pool, or simply relaxing at home. The family dog, a black Labrador called Spiderman, also lives at the converted cottage and is often snapped in sweet pictures with Helen and even her work colleagues on a daily basis. When they’re not at home, it seems the family of four spend as much time as possible enjoying nearby attractions, whether that be walking in the Yorkshire Dales, at a festival, or paddle boarding down a nearby river.