Elon Musk, boss of SpaceX and Tesla, is worth a reported £219billion, making him the richest person in the world. But his mum, Maye Musk, still has to sleep in his garage when she visits. Maye, 74, explained her son, 51, doesn’t exactly live a billionaire lifestyle at his home near Boca Chica, SpaceX's Texas HQ. “You can't have a fancy house near a rocket site,” she told The Sunday Times. She also insisted her son’s wealth “hasn’t changed anything” when it comes to her own life. “My place is not big. I don't need big. I don't need wasted space because with it come responsibilities,” she said. "My kids are still kind and caring. I still appreciate being here. When I first came to Paris at 21, I had $5 a day. I stayed in a room with one lightbulb hanging down." Maye, who lives in New York, also recalled Elon’s childhood and revealed she nicknamed him “genius boy” because he could remember “everything he read”. She said her son was excellent at retaining information, even before the internet’s invention, and his family could find out anything they wanted from him. While she claims she knew Elon was extremely clever from the age of three, she has previously admitted she didn’t know if he would actually be successful.  “I knew [Elon] was a genius, but you still don't know if he's going to do great things because many geniuses just end up in a basement being a genius but not applying it,” she told CBS News last year. She then spoke about his first company, Zip2, which he set up with his brother Kimbal. "I was so excited when he started Zip2 because it just made life easier with door-to-door directions, and then newspapers could have a link that took you to a restaurant,” she said. "I know that's common now, but that was highly unusual and people didn't believe that's possible. So that's why I invested in that at the very beginning - although I didn't have much money. DON'T MISS...Ulrika Jonsson asked surgeon for 'Kate Moss breasts' in reduction op [INSIGHT] Escape To The Chateau's Dick & Angel stun with 'grown up' pics of kids [PICTURES]Christine McGuinness says life 'changed dramatically' amid Paddy split [ADMISSION] "Then he thought the banking system needed some help, so he did PayPal. "Then after that, he said, 'Well, should he do space research or solar energy or electric cars?' And I said, 'Just choose one’, and, of course, he didn't listen to me." Elsewhere, Elon has blasted reports he had an affair with Nicole Shanahan, the wife of Google co-founder, Sergey Brin, as “total bs”. The tech entrepreneur reacted to an article in the Wall Street Journal that claimed an alleged affair between the Tesla founder and Nicole led to their divorce - allegations which have been vehemently denied. Replying to a link to the story posted on Twitter, Elon referred to the report as "total bs". He went on to say that he is still friends with Sergey and that they were "at a party together last night!" "I’ve only seen Nicole twice in three years, both times with many other people around. Nothing romantic,” he added. “Haven't even had sex in ages (sigh)."