The easiest way to cut down on cost at home is by switching your appliances to energy saving models. Kettles are an easy way to save money and Amazon shoppers can now save big on this appliance that shoppers are obsessed with. If you’re looking for an easy way to save on your energy bill then switch to using an energy efficient kettle. A sustainable change that can help save money for years to come, Amazon Prime shoppers can now get a bargain on one of the of energy saving kettles available. With prices slashed by 37 percent off, the Russell Hobbs Eclipse Polished Electric Kettle is now on offer and has impressive features that help reduce energy consumption. Designed to use less power with each boil, it’s also got a stunning ombre design that makes it a joy to use. The Russell Hobbs kettle has a 75 percent quieter boil than other models and clear inside markers that indicate how much water is needed for a cup of tea. It delivers one cup of boiled water in just 45 seconds and is also easy to hold with an ergonomically designed-handle, which is useful if you’ve got a weaker wrist when carrying liquid. With 300W and a 1.7 litre capacity, it’s now on sale from £77.99 to £48.99, saving £29. BUY: Russell Hobbs Eclipse Polished Stainless Steel and Copper Electric Kettle (£48.99) Reviewers praise its beautiful design and that it helps save energy with its useful features. M. Paula Sharpe commented: “Looks brilliant and glows as boils. For me having the two cup mark really works and I’ve probably saved money not boiling too much water.” Sandra agreed: “It will take enough water for one cup upwards saving on water and power.” Mark Chisholm wrote: “You can boil a small amount of water without risking burning out the element which is part of the smooth bottom.” Reviewers praise its beautiful design and that it helps save energy with its useful features.  M. Paula Sharpe commented: “Looks brilliant and glows as boils. For me having the two cup mark really works and I’ve probably saved money not boiling too much water.”  Sandra agreed: “It will take enough water for one cup upwards saving on water and power.”  Mark Chisholm wrote: “You can boil a small amount of water without risking burning out the element which is part of the smooth bottom.”