Britons who have a respiratory illness that affects their everyday life can get PIP (Personal Independence Payment) support. There has been an increase in people with respiratory issues claiming the benefit, Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) data has shown. PIP is made up of a daily living and mobility component, which vary for each individual depending on how much help they need. The weekly payments include: Standard rate: £61.85 Enhanced rate: £92.40 Standard rate: £24.45 Enhanced rate: £64.50. READ MORE: Price cap rise: Can your energy provider cut you off if you don't pay? There are 24 conditions which are eligible for PIP support, with claimants assessed to see what help they need. These include: Diseases of the upper respiratory tract Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Cystic Fibrosis Asthma Pulmonary fibrosis Pneumoconiosis Granulomatous lung disease and pulmonary infiltration Disease of the pleura Lung transplantation Heart and lung transplantation Pulmonary embolus Pneumonia. DON'T MISSState pension and more may be affected due to where you live [INSIGHT]Over 55s warned of 3 ‘hidden risks’ of tapping into pension [ANALYSIS]Millions of retirees 'trembling with anxiety’ - energy price cap soars [UPDATE] To qualify for PIP, a person must have lived in the UK for at least two of the last three years and currently be residing here. The claimant must have a health condition which has led to difficulties with daily living or getting around for three months, and they must expect these difficulties to continue for at least nine months. The support is there for people who struggle with daily tasks such as cooking food or moving around. There are several non-visible disabilities that entitle a person to the benefit. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues scam warning on ‘today only’ supermarket voucher These include: In Scotland, the benefit is being replaced by Adult Disability Payment (ADP), the new devolved support to be administered by Social Security Scotland. People currently on PIP will all be moved onto the new benefit by summer 2024, with the DWP starting the transfer of more than 300,000 claimants from mid June. Current PIP claimants do not need to apply for the new benefit, with payments to continue as normal during the migration. Applications for ADP differ from PIP in that there are no face-to-face assessments. New claimants will only be asked to come to attend a consultation if more information is needed to decide on their claim.