Chelsea could be “wound up” by talk of Tottenham winning the Premier League title this season, according to Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher. The two London teams go head-to-head in west London on Sunday afternoon, with Carragher calling Tottenham’s previous results at Stamford Bridge “embarrassing.” “We’ll see a lot about what Spurs are about today and I don’t mean that in terms of the result,” Carragher told Sky Sports ahead of the match. “We’ve just mentioned how many times they’ve won here, it’s embarrassing. That’s what Antonio Conte has to change. “If you look at the record last season, against Man City and Liverpool, he got really big results. In terms of challenging the top teams and the talk of Spurs this season, it might have wound Chelsea up. “Considering what Chelsea have won in the past, they’re still world champions and they’re thinking Spurs might take their mantle as the top team in London. I think Chelsea will want to answer a few people today.” READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Pino transfer by Emery  Chelsea have only lost once to Tottenham in the league at Stamford Bridge since 1990 and defeated the Lilywhites 2-0 in their top-flight encounter at home last season. Hakim Ziyech and Thiago Silva were the goalscorers on that occasion as Thomas Tuchel’s men secured a valuable three points on their way to securing a top-four Premier League finish. But Spurs have enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes since then and have been tipped to challenge for the title this season. Conte’s team opened their Premier League campaign by thumping Southampton 4-1 last time out. And Graeme Souness has backed Spurs to get the better of Chelsea. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already    “They’re quite evenly matched but I’d edge more towards Spurs right now,” he said. “I really like their manager. He’s a really good manager - he’s proved that. I think it's onwards and upwards for Spurs. They’ve got a manager who pushes the players to the point of falling out with them. That’s how it’s got to be and he knows where that line is. “They’ve signed some very good players. It’s a very different Spurs under Conte. This time round, whoever has made the decisions about bringing people in, right now, they look like they’ve signed some really good players. The proof will be in the pudding at the end of the season. I think Spurs will have a really good season this year. I think they’ll give anyone a game.” 