Liverpool have sent Thiago to see a second specialist after initial tests proved inconclusive in diagnosing the extent of his hamstring injury. The Spanish magician was initially ruled out for six weeks but it is hoped this could end up being reduced to around three-four weeks instead. Thiago was replaced by Harvey Elliott in the 51st minute of Liverpool’s opening day 2-2 draw with Fulham after picking up a hamstring strain. The injury was seen as a huge blow to Jurgen Klopp as the Spaniard has become the main creative force in the Reds midfield, helping the team control the game from the centre of the park. It was thought the issue could force the club back into the transfer market in order to sign midfield reinforcements, with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain already ruled out for three months and Naby Keita and Jordan Henderson prone to small niggles. However, Thiago’s layoff could be half of what was originally expected. The club plan to send the Spanish international away for further tests this week in the hope they can unearth better news. Thiago previously suffered a hamstring injury while playing for Bayern Munich in 2017 and consequently missed only a month of football. Should the tests prove that the injury is not as bad as previously feared, Klopp could have a near full card of midfield options to choose from at the start of September. JUST IN: Barcelona 'agree fee' for Bernardo Silva to spark frenzy on Frenkie de Jong future There would therefore be less pressure on the club to go and buy a new star in the transfer window. The club hope to prioritise bringing down the age of their midfield next summer and have reportedly set their sights firmly on Jude Bellingham. Thiago’s injury also gives Klopp a chance to offer opportunities to young midfielders Curtis Jones, Harvey Elliott and Fabio Carvalho - helping the club to fulfil their ambitions of a more youthful squad next season. Speaking after the game at Craven Cottage, the Liverpool boss conceded that injuries were an unfortunate part of football - but he would not be rushed back into the transfer market. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window "We said we don't need a midfielder because we have enough - and we actually have enough, but the problem now is we get punished for something that is not our responsibility really because things like this can happen,” the German explained. "Look, a transfer must make sense now and in the long term; we have midfielders, we still have enough midfielders. It is not that we lack midfielders, but it's just that some of them are injured. "This is not a good situation, I don't like it at all, but we have to see how we react to that - but for sure not panicking." Liverpool continue their season at home to Crystal Palace on Monday evening.