The country is going through an exceptionally hot August following the record-breaking temperatures of July, with more consecutive days of peak heat over 30C degrees. However, Netweather maps show a thunderstorm is looming and is expected to hit on Monday. An amber warning from the Met Office over the unusually hot weather alerted British people to take serious precaution measures against health risks posed by the hot blast. Temperatures will peak over the weekend, with a high of 36C degrees predicted to occur near Bristol, and similar temperatures across South and Southeastern England. But the heatwave is expected to be followed by a breakdown with scattered thunderstorms in specific areas, as shown in the depictions of prediction models. The Met Office forecast for Sunday through Tuesday reads: “Dry, sunny and hot in the south Sunday but heavy showers or thunderstorms for parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland. “Becoming widely unsettled from Monday with showers and thunderstorms. Cooler.” And then as we go through next week, the UK’s national weather service predicts: “This period will see the breakdown of the sunny and dry weather of recent days, with conditions becoming more unsettled across the UK. “Showers are likely in places, sometimes heavy and thundery, though drier periods with sunny spells are still expected between them. “Stronger winds are possible in the north and northwest, with the potential for some more persistent rain at times.” READ MORE: Britain braced for NINE days of 'blowtorch' 30C heat Thunderstorms occur due to the existence of cumulonimbus clouds, otherwise known as ‘The King of Clouds’, according to the Met Office. These are menacing-looking multi-level clouds, extending high into the sky in towers or plumes, and they are the only clouds that can produce hail, thunder and lightning. They are associated with extreme weather such as heavy torrential downpours, hail storms, lightning and even tornadoes. Maps show the UK storm risk increasing by Sunday in Scotland, mainly Inverness-shire and Perthshire, then clouds covering Western England and Wales. On Monday, menacing clouds could hit most of Scotland and North England, including Lancashire and Chesire. As we move through Tuesday, the clouds appear expanding across the mainland and settling above Southern and Southeastern England until Thursday. Meteorologist Brian Gaze from The Weather Outlook said there is potential for large amounts of rain, but thunderstorms will be “very localised”. He told Express.co.uk: "By Monday and Tuesday next week, high pressure will start slipping away a little bit. "So the pressure will be falling and that increases the chance of thunderstorms - probably going to be very hit and miss. "The forecasting models show good potential for large amounts of rain, but very localised."