Jaqui and David Hadley, from Boston, Lincolnshire, first met Luna back on June 28 this year and immediatley fell in love with the one-year-old mongrel who was "trying so desparately to walk". Jaqui said they had spotted the pup in a social media post from a shelter. She said "No one had shown any interest in adopting Luna but we wanted to help her have the best life possible. We feared that, without proper care and access to the help she so desperately needed, she would die in the shelter." In the few weeks they have been together, Luna's owners have been trying to help the poor pup heal: "The improvements in her are incredible in such a short time. When she first arrived, we were shocked at her condition. "She was very unsure, timid, extremely thin and weak with a great deal of muscle wastage. She would shuffle across the floor on her bottom, dragging one leg under her, looking really sad. She had terrible deep and ulcerated wounds, we think from shuffling across rough floors in a shelter and one leg was in a fixed bent position and still is. "Her tail is missing from just below the base of her spine so that a nodule or stump is left that is not even recognisable as once being a tail. Her spine is still curved and her pelvis twisted. Luna also needs help with toileting and wears pull-ups. We help her with final expression of her bladder to make sure it is empty to ensure that she does not get UTIs. "The transformation that love and kindness has made is unbelievable. She now has a sparkle in her eyes and her determination and zest for life is an inspiration. Everyone that meets Luna loves her and thinks she is amazing."   Jacqui said that she had not given up on Luna walking again and, having spoken to a lady in the Netherlands with experience of disabled dogs, she and her husband have decided to see if hydrotherapy would get the pooch back on her paws.She said: "The lady advised us to try everything to save Luna’s leg before making a decision on amputation. This is what we are trying to do and it's our dream that Luna could walk on four legs. "The initial thought in the UK would be to euthanize Luna but why? It wouldn’t be done to a human being. Our vet has been very supportive in everything we want to try and achieve for Luna. She is quite a little celebrity at the practice." Luna's owners have launched a fundraiser on GoFundMe, setting a goal of £1,000. The post - titled 'Little Luna needs hydrotherapy sessions' - says: "Luna is a sweet little rescue dog we fell in love with and adopted because we wanted to help give her a better life and even perhaps a chance to walk again. "She has so much zest for life and tries so hard to walk. Hydrotherapy sessions could make all the difference. "If you can only spare £1, that will help and be very much appreciated. I know it is such difficult times for everyone, and I appreciate so much any contributions to help Luna progress. She deserves a chance. She is a little sweetheart."   When the fundraiser was originally launched, Jaqui and David had been told by vets that Luna had been shot but it later emerged this was an error and that she had actually been hit by a vehicle. According to Purina, hydrotherapy for dogs uses water to facilitate rehabilitation of pets suffering from various conditions or injuries - particularly for joint conditions or to help build up muscle. The benefit of the therapy is that "water helps to support a dog’s weight, so that they can start the road to recovery with lower-impact movements that are not too taxing on their joints. Sometimes these exercises will be targeted to help treat a particular body-part, and other exercises might aim to increase general fitness and wellbeing." You can find Luna's GoFundMe page here. 