Michael Schumacher's family are preparing to relocate and spend the winter months on the Spanish holiday island of Majorca. The F1 icon is primed to start a 'new life' with his wife Corinna and their children - Haas driver Mick and equestrian Gina Maria - in a lavish £27million pad. German magazine Die Bunte reports all four are expected to spend time in the property near the town of Port Andratx on the island's west coast. Corinna is said to have 'big plans' for the family at their new home after widespread speculation regarding the Schumachers' intention to move has come to fruition. Villa Yasmin, previously owned by Real Madrid president Florentino Perez, boasts a range of stellar fixtures which warrant its jaw-dropping price tag. The Schumacher family will be able to enjoy two swimming pools, a large garden, a helipad, and a guest villa, and they are also looking to set up a horse ranch nearby. JUST IN: Sebastian Vettel to be offered new role by F1 boss after retirement  It has been reported that the land will also feature all medical equipment for Michael, who is understood to have already spent made visits via helicopter. The whole island of Majorca has been a popular vacation spot for the family and their friends, and the seven-time world champion's manager, Willi Weber's villa is just a 10-minute drive from their new residence. The report adds that the Schumachers have also bought a £2.3m plot of land described as an 'absolute rarity in the region of south-west Majorca' due to its position with a magnificent sea view. Their plans for the land, currently containing dilapidated buildings and almond trees, remains to be seen. READ MORE: Toto Wolff refuses to be dragged into Ferrari row  Despite Schumacher's movements, his current health remains a mystery, nine years on from his horrendous accident while skiing in the French Alps. He suffered a traumatic brain injury, which placed him in a medically induced coma, and his family have remained tight-lipped about his condition. Throughout his illustrious F1 career, in which he grew a reputation as the sport's greatest ever driver, Schumacher made sure to keep his private life out of the public eye. And since his accident in 2013, the Ferrari legend hasn't been seen or heard from, while Corinna, Mick and Gina Maria have continued the trend.