If a person is in need of losing weight fast, their doctor or a medical professional may advise trying an aggressive dieting technique. These types of programmes attack body fat through intensive fasting and a restrictive diet, and alongside weight training workouts to maintain muscle and strength, they can lead to dramatic weight loss of more than 1.5 percent of body weight per week. Nutritionist Arj Thiruchelvam explained that an aggressive calorie deficit is when you move from being in a moderate deficit of 500 calories per day towards a larger number, such as more than 800 calories. "Currently, smaller people will naturally have less room to diet aggressively and also must do for shorter durations," he said. The strategy can work for everyone, but Arj revealed it's actually more "preferential" for men. "Interestingly, we've found that aggressive calorie deficits also seem to be more preferential for men than women," he explained. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Although this isn’t a well understood area, it’s thought this relates to the menstrual cycle and some smaller changes within our hormonal responses." He added: "This doesn't necessarily mean it's only for men, both men and women can achieve results with this approach." While aggressive dieting is a successful way to lose weight fast, it is vital it is performed safely, and under the supervision of a health professional. Perhaps a controversial topic, Arj revealed there are also many benefits of aggressive calorie deficits. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Despite being on fewer calories, the technique can often lead to improved motivation. This then means a greater reward for the slimmer; ultimately allowing them to stay on track and stick to the process for longer. "Because you're in a greater calorie deficit, you lose more weight quicker and that motivates you to repeat the process again and again," Arj said. He also debunked a common myth about quick-fix diets, which have been linked to multiple side effects. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim According to Healthline, some of these side effects include: Muscle loss Lower metabolism Nutrient deficiencies Gallstones But Arj explained that aggressive dieting can actually help people maintain weight loss even after finishing the programme. "Aggressive calorie deficits can also lead to reducing your set point - the number you tend to naturally hover at," the dietician said. "Conversely to many nutrition myths, the academic literature shows that by losing weight faster, the weight people regain in the long-term is actually less than if you did so on a slow to moderate rate of weight loss diet." Always consult a doctor before tyring out a new diet technique.