There have been shortages of drugs used to treat prostate cancer, migraines, pain relief in childbirth, as well as antipsychotic medicine.  Rightly, there was outcry earlier this year about insufficient supplies of hormone replacement therapy drugs. It is intolerable that supply chain failures are putting people in danger. Hospitals have been urged to “conserve stock” of an anti-clotting drug used to treat strokes, and there is worry about the consequences of switching to alternatives. It it outrageous that a children’s hospital had to ration nutritional products that may have put patients “at risk of vitamin deficiencies”. Britain’s success at obtaining vaccines during the pandemic was a logistical triumph. It would be desperately sad if people suffered in our post-lockdown UK because of difficulties in obtaining basic medicines. The situation must be rectified without delay and definitely not allowed to worsen. -------------------------------------------- Heat is on to solve crisis The warning by Met Office boss Paul Davies that the record-breaking temperatures now scorching Britain could occur annually by the end of the century should focus minds on the reality of global warming. Fields, parks and sports pitches have been turned yellow in the intense heat, but sustained heatwaves would change the nature of our national life. It is important that the sweltering conditions do not allow decision-makers to stop thinking about the danger that looms this winter if people do not turn on the heat because they cannot pay the bills, or if supply problems mean the country suffers blackouts. Hopefully, before too long, we will have plentiful efficient green energy sources that will provide abundant heat and light at a lower cost. This breakthrough is dependent on unflagging political commitment; failure to tackle climate change, energy bills or supply problems will only result in disaster and disgrace. -------------------------------------------- Illustrious Briggs lives on The death of children’s author and illustrator Raymond Briggs at the age of 88 is a poignant moment for his fans. He brought nothing less than magic to so many of us with The Snowman and other classics, including Fungus The Bogeyman. Generations were welcomed into the world of his imagination where they were enthralled by unforgettable characters. Children will continue to unwrap his books with excitement each Christmas, and his contribution as one of Britain’s preeminent storytellers will never melt away.