Arsenal have been handed the perfect incentive to launch an unexpected move for Wolves winger Pedro Neto, who once again caught the eye this weekend with his spellbinding skill and dribbling. The supremely-talent Portuguese forward may have been on the losing side on the opening day of the season but he showcased exactly why he has the capabilities of making the step up, tearing things up at Elland Road in the fiercely-contested 2-1 defeat to Leeds. It's been a rough ride for Neto in recent times after suffering a serious knee injury that saw him miss the majority of the 2021/22 season and 295 days of action but now he's fit, flying and there aren't many better wide players in the Premier League outside of the so-called Big Six. Neto fits the precise profile Arsenal are looking for as they look to bolster their forward options after missing out on Raphinha to Barcelona. Not only he is young (22) but he is also accustomed to the Premier League, a priceless asset for a club looking to make huge strides on the field this season in their pursuit of Champions League football. Mikel Arteta wants a dynamic, lively attacker, capable of fulfilling multiple roles across Arsenal's forward line and Neto can do just that. READ MORE: Chelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comeback He is left-footed but can play on either flank with devastating effect. Furthermore, he is direct and equally, productive - Neto is exactly where Arsenal should be shopping. In a timely fashion, Wolves have now struck a deal worth in the region of £27.5million for Valencia winger Goncalo Guedes. The Portugal international is by no means deemed to be Neto's replacement but it certainly gives Arsenal some extra leverage if they did want to try their luck. Bruno Lage is not planning to weaken his attack any further after already loaning Fabio Silva to Anderlecht and additionally, losing star man Raul Jimenez to injury but every player has a price. READ MORE TRANSFER NEWSChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transferArsenal have three transfer priorities after Mikel Arteta promise over signings Arsenal have already shown the cash is definitely there to spend after launching unsuccessful big-money bids for Raphinha and Lisandro Martinez earlier in the window. Neto would be worth every penny. He is a player well known to the club, too. During the final stages of Arsene Wenger's time at the club, the Gunners allegedly launched a shock move to sign the winger. In 2017, A Bola reported that Arsenal had submitted a £13.2m bid for the highly-rated young prospect before eventually missing out to Lazio. Monaco and Barcelona were also in the mix but Braga made it clear that Neto would only be available if his £17.6m release clause was met. Coincidentally, Neto is also an Arsenal fan - something that will only work to the north London club's advantage should they decide to make their move. He previously told talkSPORT: "When I was a kid growing up watching English football my favourite team was Arsenal. Because with Arsene Wenger I thought besides winning trophies they played very good football. "Now I'm with Wolverhampton and am very happy! Of course, it's the best club in England now." Wolves hold a strong position though when it comes to keeping Neto, who is playing regularly ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar. A potential move to Arsenal is all hypothetical at the moment but if the Gunners are still scanning the market for a winger - Neto ticks every box. This would be another statement piece of business from Edu and he should do whatever it takes to land the excellent forward...