Ukraine has launched a counter-offensive operation in the Kherson region in a strategic bid to reclaim the city from Russian occupying forces. The southern city had become President Vladimir Putin’s “prize” after Russian troops seized control in the early weeks of the invasion. Following a series of tactical missile strikes within the region, Ukrainian troops have breached the “first line of defence” installed by Moscow’s occupying troops. Using the nearby city of Mykolaiv as a military base, Ukrainian troops have mounted an attack with advanced long-range artillery provided by Western allies.    Speaking to Times Radio, journalist Askold Krushelnycky said: “For the Russians, for President Putin, [Kherson] is a huge prize. “If the Ukrainians take that city, it will be humiliating for the Russians, it will be humiliating for President Putin. They are going to throw everything they have at the defence of Kherson.” He added: “The neighbouring region of Mykolaiv has been really the base for assembling Ukrainian forces. “Over the last few days, Ukrainians say that they have started a massive attack and have taken some of the territory back.”    According to Mr Krushelnycky, the Ukrainian troops have already broken through the first line of defence deployed by the Russian military. “There’s three lines of defences, apparently, that the Russians have built, radiating out of the city of Kherson. The Ukrainians say that they have breached that first line of defence. “Britain and America, chiefly, have been providing new modern, high-precision artillery, weapons and rocket systems. “The talk has been of those weapons giving Ukraine a sufficient advantage to break that deadlock and be able to advance them under the cover of these weapons, which have longer ranges and are much more precise than the Russian equivalents.” Read more: Putin reeling as Britain eyes deal for FIVE more warships Russian forces in the city are reportedly depleting as troops flee the region in fear of further Ukrainian shelling. Mr Krushelnycky said: “Locally recruited pro-Russian troops have withdrawn from some of the places along the front line. “Russian elite forces, paratroopers that were supposed to support them, have also fled.” Defence intelligence has confirmed that Russian military brigades in Kherson appear “under-manned” as Ukraine ramps up attacks. DON'T MISS:Russia pundit warns Putin ready to 'sober up' West with gas stop [INSIGHT]‘If you want to survive - flee!’ Zelensky issues warning to Moscow [REPORT]Russian troops surrender in droves as Putin's army crumbles  [REVEAL] News of Russian forces fleeing the area comes after President Zelensky urged Moscow’s troops to retreat if they hoped to survive new Ukrainian offensive missions. The Ukrainian leader said: “If they want to survive, it is time for the Russian military to flee. Go home.” He added: “If they do not listen to me, they will deal with our defenders, who will not stop until they liberate everything that belongs to Ukraine.” The fleeing of Russian soldiers comes as a further humiliation to the Kremlin as Moscow continues to struggle in sustaining supplies of military equipment into the region after Ukrainian troops destroyed a number of core transport routes. Read next: Putin faces revolt within KremlinUkraine hits back with ‘intense action’ of UK weapons against RussiaPutin receives chilling warning on coup to seize nuclear weaponsRussian commanders abandon troops and 'flee en masse' as morale breaksUK says Vladimir Putin’s bid for more troops won’t affect the war