We see cultural leaders indulging a minority of people who claim that they are "offended" by words with which they disagree. They accept and nourish the idea that words are a form of personal attack on identity or religious belief. We see the cowardice of the arts industry and their failure to resolutely defend free speech, emboldening those who want to silence others. Last weekend Jerry Sadowitz - the Scottish comic who has built his entire career on making offensive jokes - had his show cancelled at The Pleasance, the biggest venue at the biggest comedy festival in the world,The Edinburgh Fringe. It was claimed that both staff and audience had been made to feel "unsafe" by the content. But people who book a show called "Not For Anyone" know what they're in for. The decision to cancel Sadowitz was an act of cowardice. Anthony Alderson, director at the Pleasance, justified his decision by saying "the material presented does not align with our values". Surely, the values of a comedy venue are simply to book good acts and provide a space where they can perform. If every comedian must consider the values of all staff members who check the ticket stubs, then they are the ones who decide who is allowed to perform. A minority is emboldened to demand the cancellation of those with whom they disagree (and often simply don't understand). In May, the American comedian Dave Chapelle was attacked on stage by a member of the audience who justified his violence by saying, "I identify as bisexual... and I wanted him to know what he said was triggering." This followed a walk-out by Netflix workers who accused their employer of "making money off our inability to understand intersectionality". Netflix boss Ted Sarandos emboldened the angry minority by saying: "We value our trans colleagues and allies, and understand the deep hurt that's been caused. We respect the decision of any employee who chooses to walk out, and recognise we have much more work to do both within Netflix and in our content." Netflix kept Chapelle on its network. However, it is one short step from accepting that people "feel pain" from words they don't like, to inflicting that hurt on those that they see as responsible for it. We are at a watershed moment in comedy. When some comedians complained about the Sadowitz ban, the Pleasance doubled down and branded his work as "sexist, racist, misogynist and homophobic". Sadowitz - incidentally also an acclaimed magician - has good reason to be appalled by this insult. He said: "A lot of thought goes into my shows and I don't always get it right. "I'm offended by those who hear the words, but don't listen to the material, which I am stupid enough to think is funny, sometimes important and worth saying." Similarly, when The Satanic Verses was published, many commentators shied away from defending Rushdie for fear of stoking Islamophobia. If people can't tell the difference between an eccentric comedy act and bigotry, every comedian is at risk of being wilfully misinterpreted. Unless they have the fame of someone like Chapelle, comics will play it safe, avoiding difficult topics (that are on everyone's mind) and comedy is reduced to a performance of bland jokes about safe, predictable subjects. We will never know what comedic gems we are missing because the people who would have created them will shy away from trying. I know several brilliant comedians who have given up comedy. One recently said to me: "What's the point? You can only get on TV if you think like they do. The industry only gives awards to people who have the right 'identity' and no one cares about good comedy." Venues that don't stand by comedians who take risks are doing a great disservice to their punters, us, the general public. Nobody goes to stand-up comedy to "feel safe". Some of the greatest comedy shows I've seen have offended everyone in the audience. Some of my favourite jokes deal with topics off-limits in the mainstream, satirising targets that are beloved by those in power. "Greta Thunberg - there's a homework project that got horribly out of control..." [Tania Edwards]. Silencing comics and their acts is no different from condemning books and their authors. It is a dark path and will lead to a dark destination. Now, more than ever, we need comedians to deal with the subjects that are off-limits. Andy Shaw, co-founder and co-organiser of Comedy Unleashed – the UK’s Home of Free-Thinking Comedy. It’s motto: “If it’s funny .. it’s funny.” UK national tour starts on 16th September in Carlisle and ends on 17th November in Crawley. Details and tickets: https://comedyunleashed.co.uk/on-tour/ 