 CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS is expected to return to screens with its milestone 20th season in September, without Agent Jethro Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) who left in episode four. Ahead of its return, fans exposed a huge error with Gibbs’ home, which left them baffled.    Since NCIS first landed in 2003, the show has taken viewers across many different locations to show the professional and personal lives of the team of agents. Fans have seen the interrogation rooms where criminals underwent intense lines of questioning and the lab where Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) worked as a forensic scientist. Gibbs’ home has also become an important place in the show, as the agents went there when they needed some downtime with Gibbs. The house was also used as a safe home for protection and a place where viewers witnessed major showdowns with criminals. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Alicia Gallagher returns as tragedy strikes    Gibbs was a former U.S. Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent, who led the team of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service. Despite his position as leader, Gibbs was beloved, respected and often played the role of a father figure for his team members. This was seen during season 18 when Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) was left heartbroken by a reunion with his biological father. As a result, he showed up at Gibbs’ house where the two had a heartfelt discussion and a moment of understanding.    However, the agent’s home has also been a crime scene on numerous occasions. This included season three episode when Agent Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) killed Ari Haswari (Rudolf Martin) in Gibbs’ basement. Taking to Reddit, a viewer No_Boysenberry538 questioned: “Why is Gibbs house always considered a safe house even though it’s apparently worldwide knowledge where it is, who owns it, and that it's used as such? “Yet despite the fact that people keep getting killed and found at his house, they just keep coming back?” (sic) DON'T MISS...Outlander fans demand major Claire and Jamie change [INSIGHT]NCIS LA's Caleb Castille confirms return of key location in season 14 [INSIGHT]Leroy Gibbs children: How many children does the NCIS star have? [INSIGHT]  Another fan added: “Gibbs is so trusted by people who knew him. Probably that is why it is a safe house.” User Aandiarie_QueenofFa agreed: “They probably feel like Gibbs will be able to protect them, it may also be easier to defend someone if it is in your actual house. The fan added: “There are laws that protect you when you defend yourself in your home, his house is known, but if someone breaks in then Gibbs can take them out.” Although Gibb’s home was an important place for the agents, it is unlikely fans will see it when the show returns.   The agent made his final appearance on the show during the episode titled Great Wide Open, where he left his role to stay in Alaska. Many fans were overcome with emotion after Gibbs left as he was first introduced in the pilot episode and quickly became a fan favourite. Despite his exit, executive producer Steven D. Binder revealed the actor always: “There’s always head space for him to come back. “It just has to be the right story, I think, to get him excited about it and to get us excited about it,” he told TV Insider. NCIS season 20 will premiere on CBS in the USA later this year. Season 19 continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK. 