Back in 1975, rising star director Steven Spielberg had a huge hit with Jaws. Although like many movie masterpieces, it wasn’t an easy journey to the box office and critical success. There have been rumours for years of a feud on set between stars Roy Scheider, Richard Dreyfuss and Robert Shaw, with the latter’s drunken behaviour sparking tensions. Roy said in later interviews how Shaw would be “a perfect gentleman whenever he was sober. All he needed was one drink and then he turned into a competitive son-of-a-bitch.” Carl Gottlieb’s The Jaws Log recounts how the Quint actor would be boozing between takes and at one stage announced “I wish I could quit drinking!” Speaking previously with Daily Record, Dreyfuss recalled: “He was walking down the gangplank holding a drink in his hand and said, ‘Richard, help me out here.’ I said, ‘Do you really want my help?’ He said he did and I took his drink and I threw it in the water.” Dreyfuss continued: “Every drinker on that crew went ‘ooooh’ and then he got his revenge by taking the fire hose and pointing it at my face. I lost my sense of humour and that lasted about an hour. The shoot was chaos but it was all called for. The decision to make the film on the real ocean was the first mistake.” Nevertheless, he denies there was a feud that continued beyond this incident, adding: “It’s clearly not true, and where that started I don’t know, but trust me, Robert Shaw wouldn’t countenance that idea of a feud, forget it. I don’t know how to hold a grudge. I lost my sense of humour for one afternoon, that’s not a feud - it was very simple and he had my number." READ MORE: 'I was shaking' - Steven Spielberg refused to direct Jaws 2 after PTSD Shaw was also drunk when filming the infamous USS Indianapolis scene in which he attempted a monologue in such a state given the characters were meant to be drinking late at night. However, nothing from the take could be used, so the star had to call Spielberg that evening and ask for another try.  When he shot it the following day, his performance was so good it was captured in just one take. Dreyfuss also recalled hitting it off straight away with Shaw on set in Martha’s Vineyard, praising his work in Hamlet. DON'T MISSRobert Shaw death: Jaws actor’s tragic but sudden death explained [ROBERT SHAW]Robert Shaw Harrison Ford fury on Force 10 From Navarone 'total bull' [HARRISON FORD]Robin and Marian: Sean Connery enticed Audrey Hepburn back into acting [SEAN CONNERY] Dreyfuss shared: “I knocked on his door, he opened and I said, ‘Your Claudius was the greatest Claudius ever, it justified the entire play.’ And he said, ‘C’mon in here and have a drink.’ We bonded like crazy.” On Jaws, he added: “It’s the most successful blockbuster because he touched something primal in all human beings. It feels great to still get asked about it - there’s a part of every actor who wants that experience. People think they’ve seen it 100 times and know everything about it but there’s a zillion things you don’t know and everyone wants to know the secret of Hollywood and of movies.” READ THE ORIGINAL DAILY RECORD ARTICLE BY BRIAN MCIVER HERE