Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, are heading to the US later this year to attend the second annual Earthshot Prize awards ceremony, which is being held in Boston, Massachusetts. The trip, expected to be in December, could see the couple stay on after the award for additional royal engagements. The arrival of the Cambridges will be "very problematic" for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, according to royal expert Neil Sean. He suggested that the California-based couple could be fading in relevance, adding that "their world of opportunity could be a very small window". Mr Sean also told viewers on his YouTube channel that William and Kate could be set to feature on the cover of Time magazine, more than a year after Harry and Meghan featured on the same magazine. He explained: "A year ago Prince Harry and Meghan Markle featured on the cover of the prestigious Time magazine and they were ridiculed for it, some saying Harry was looking like Meghan's hairdresser. "Well, Wiliam and Catherine will be travelling to the US towards the end of the year to launch Earthshot, a very successful, independent charity fronted by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge." JUST IN: Prince Harry sent dire warning over new bombshell book  He continued: "They are seemingly not going to visit Harry and Meghan during this trip. "But now it appears that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be featuring as solo front cover stars on the same magazine. "But unlike Harry and Meghan they will not be sharing it with various split front covers around the world - it will just be the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. "It's interesting, Harry has had a go and now the Duke and Duchess are seemingly stepping forward to show him exactly how it is done.  "Indeed, the fact that real royalty is coming over to the United States is going to be very problematic for Harry and Meghan. "Unless they keep winning awards, their world of opportunity could be a very small window indeed." This comes after news that Harry and Meghan are set to receive a new award for their humanitarian work. The couple's Archewell Foundation is to receive the gong from the Human First Coalition for its work advocating for Afghan refugees DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan in ‘huge shock’ after reading Harry's memoir [LIVE BLOG]BBC Weather: Heavy rain set to sweep across UK within days [FORECAST]Ben Habib rages as Brexit deal still 'ties us' into EU system [VIDEO]  However, Harry and Meghan won't be there to receive the award, instead, executive director of the Archewell Foundation James Holt will accept the honour. William's 10-year Earthshot project sees 50 finalists win £1 million each to scale their environmental solution so that it can have the greatest impact. William announced that he had chosen Boston as the host city for this year and that the ceremony will be held in December at the JFK Presidential Library and Museum. The Earthshot prize was launched by William and The Royal Foundation in October 2020 in a bid to celebrate those helping to work towards protecting and restoring nature, fixing our climate, cleaning our air and oceans, and creating a waste-free planet. READ NEXT: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle receive 'proper' protectionRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan in ‘huge shock’ after reading Harry's memoirHollywood A-lister rushed to support Meghan and Harry‘Hash it out behind the scenes’ Queen hopes to resolve Sussex rowRoyals copy each other because of 'strict etiquette' 