WXCHARTS has suggested Brits in the south of England could still bask in the heat for a few more days before the nation witnesses rainfall on Saturday. The website has forecast for some scattered rain during the week but it is expected to become more concentrated by the weekend. Temperatures could reach as high as 30C in parts of the south of England, including East Anglia. However, on Thursday, the mercury does not look set to even exceed 20C in Scotland and Northern Ireland. Temperatures are then expected to take a slight plunge as Brits enter the weekend. According to WXCHARTS, peak temperatures on Saturday will be felt in East Anglia at 25C. JUST IN: UK heatwave: Britain to bake in 32C scorcher as Met Office predicts bank holiday sizzler But most of Britain, including much of the south of England, is expected to hover around 20C on Saturday. The Met Office's forecast also said: "Outbreaks of rain, heavy at times, moving eastwards across Northern Ireland, Wales and England. "Turning brighter later and feeling warm and humid, but some heavy showers developing. Drier for Scotland. "Cloudy with some rain or showers at first, brighter by Thursday. "Very warm or hot in the SE at times, perhaps with some thunderstorms here later; temperatures near normal elsewhere." Looking ahead to the end of August, the UK's national weather service added: "After an unsettled week, settled conditions are expected to spread over the UK during this period, bringing fine and dry weather to most places. "Some light showers are likely in the north and northwest, and further thundery showers are also possible across the south and southeast in the early part of the period. "A northwest/southeast temperature split may also develop, where cooler air will characterise the north, with the south becoming very warm and perhaps feeling humid. DON'T MISS: Long-range weather forecast: Drought to continue to OCTOBER [ANALYSIS] UK weather: Britain to be battered with 30C as heatwave returns [REPORT] Driest months in 40 years trigger drought in Wales [REPORT]