Fatty liver disease - also known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease - refers to a range of liver conditions that are not linked to alcohol. The main cause of fatty liver disease is having too much fat stored in the liver. If not caught in its early stages it can progress as far as cirrhosis - or liver scarring - and even liver failure. There are some symptoms that seem more obvious than others. For example, many people are aware of the link between jaundice - the yellowing of eyes and skin - with the liver. And abdominal pain, including cramping, could point you in the direction of the liver. But Doctor Monika Wassermann, MD at oliolusso.com, explained how confusion could signal the most severe stage of the disease.  READ MORE: Cancer: The green drink shown to reduce cancer cells by 65% percent in three days Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “Fatty liver disease may go unnoticed until one develops liver cirrhosis, and confusion is among the symptoms. “It comes due to toxin build-up in the brain, as the liver cannot clearly purify blood.” Cirrhosis is the fourth and final stage of fatty liver disease, which occurs after years of the organ being inflamed. As a result the liver shrinks and becomes scarred and lumpy.   The NHS warns: “This damage is permanent and can lead to liver failure (where your liver stops working properly) and liver cancer.” But it says: “It can take years for fibrosis or cirrhosis to develop. “It's important to make lifestyle changes to prevent the condition getting worse.” Doctor Wassermann advised on the best ways to look after your liver.  READ MORE: Arthritis: Personal trainer's 5 tips to 'future-proof' joints - 'Never too late' to start She said: “Weight loss is key if you suffer from fatty liver disease. “I tell my clients to ensure they only eat what the body requires for the day- lesscalories, especially those who are overweight. “You can achieve this by monitoring what gets in through food and out through physical activity. “In short, have an imbalance between the two (eat less, workout more) to keep your system clean from excess fat storage.”  Doctor Wassermann added: “The liver needs protection, such as, avoid stressing it with things like alcohol. “The best favour you can do to yourself is avoiding alcohol completely. “Moreover, ensure to follow all medicines as prescribed by a “specialist and do not forget to consult your doctor before using any herbal products or home remedies to treat a disease.” 