Queen Rania of Jordan turned 52 today, surrounded by her family. The 52-year-old Queen Consort looked radiant in an Aegean blue blouse and trouser combination. She captioned the photo by saying: "My heart is full! "Couldn't ask for a better way to celebrate than with all my loved ones around me." Queen Rania chose a blue blouse designed by Silvia Tcherassi. The Triora Blouse in Aegean Blue has white and tan adornments down the front of the blouse and puffy long sleeves. The description on the website says: "Revisiting our Triora blouse with elevated details. READ MORE: Queen Rania of Jordan's wedding dress was unique for key reason "An effortlessly elegant classic, the loose-fitting Aegean blue cupro blouse has billowing long sleeves and a deep v-shaped slit that showcases the neckline. "The sleeves are lined with organza in order to maintain the volume and also for durability as one has it in their closet. "A beautiful item top that is a Silvia Tcherassi take on the everyday blouse with a neutral hue and decorative blue and brown trim detailing around the neckline. "A staple blouse that can be worn throughout the seasons and a must-have in a timeless colour!" Rania's blouse retails for a whopping $640, or roughly £550. Queen Rania opted for tan high-waisted trousers to match her blouse, designed by Nensi Dojaka. The tapered high-rise stretch wool trousers are no longer in stock, so it is unclear how much they were. These were accessorised with a shiny brown belt for some added glamour. READ MORE: Queen Rania heartbreak after death of beloved father Rania styled her hair in a fabulous wavy blow-dry. She also wore heavy makeup with smokey eyes, heavily pencilled eyebrows and pink lipstick. In the photo, Queen Rania stood beside Crown Prince Hussein, 28, Princess Iman, 25, Princess Salma, 21, Rajwa Al Saif (Crown Prince Hussein's fiancée), and Jameel Alexander Thermiotis (Princess Iman's fiancée). Royal fans commented underneath the Queen Consort's Instagram post praising her style. Instagram user @reham_makhlouf said: "How beautiful." Similarly, @ahmad.shdooh.1 commented: "Cutest family on the planet." Queen Rania also posed for Vogue Arabia to celebrate her birthday in a pink midi dress by Brandon Maxwell. This dress sells for $539, or roughly £463.