It means more than four million households will be forced to spend nearly a third of their income on energy bills. This hike in energy prices will be truly devastating for millions of families - many simply will not be able to pay, and others will be forced to choose whether they go cold or go hungry. Previous sharp rises in energy prices have already pushed many on low incomes to the limit, they are barely surviving as it is, and they cannot afford to pay a penny more. The UK is one of the richest countries in the world yet people are now talking about the need for "warm banks" - where they can go to a local community building for a few hours a day to try to stay warm this winter. The Government must act, and it must act now. That means emergency support this winter - freezing energy prices, or providing significant support to households through direct payments, with additional support for those on the lowest incomes. Income tax cuts will not wash, as almost all the benefit goes to the better off; they will warm the pockets of the richest and leave the poorest to freeze. An increase in benefits so people have enough to keep warm and eat – two very basic human needs - is the minimum we should expect. The Government can cover some of the cost of this support by levying a bigger windfall tax on the energy giants which are making an absolute fortune out of this crisis. The boss of BP described the current crisis as like a "cash machine" for his company– what he did not say is that it is ordinary families who are paying the price and stocking that machine with their cash. A higher rate of tax and closing loopholes could raise more than £9billion, according to some estimates. But that should only be the start. Our energy bills are higher than elsewhere because of our over-reliance on expensive and climate-destroying gas to heat our homes and produce our electricity. This is made even worse by our poorly insulated homes that are the leakiest in Europe. We need a rapid shift to home-grown clean energy such as solar panels, heat pumps and wind turbines, and a national home upgrade and insulation programme to make all our homes warmer, our energy bills cheaper, and reduce our reliance on expensive gas. This is a full-scale national emergency, and it is time the government acted like it. Luke Murphy is Associate Director for Climate and Energy at the Institute for Public Policy Research.