The financial institution has hiked rates to 1.50 percent on its minimum savings products to give savers a boost. Chris Irwin, director of savings at Yorkshire Building Society, said: “Our decision today to further increase our saving rates by 0.40 percent on both our on-sale accounts and nearly all of our existing variable rate savings book, continues to reflect our mutual ethos of putting our members first. “Supporting our savers is a key element of the Society’s purpose. "By continuing to raise rates for our savers we hope this demonstrates our commitment to delivering value to our members, and in turn supporting their financial resilience in the current financial climate.” Yesterday (August 17), the Office for National Statistics (ONS) confirmed that inflation has hit 10.1 percent which will likely hurt returns on savings. Many bank and building societies, including Yorkshire Building Society, are raising rates to better support their customers during this financial turmoil. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Many bank and building societies, including Yorkshire Building Society, are raising rates to better support their customers during this financial turmoil. The building society is set to raise the rate paid on nearly all of its existing variable rate savings products. After this, around 99 percent of savings accounts will see their interest raised to a minimum of 1.50 percent. This move by Yorkshire Building Society represents the fourth rate rise it has passed on to its savers in this year alone. Every qualifying savings account will be updated automatically with the interest rate hike, with customers not having to do anything. This change will be introduced to savings accounts on September 1, 2022. Aside from rate increases, Yorkshire Building Society has also launched new savings accounts to better support savers during this time. Last month, the building society officially introduced the limited issue Loyalty Regular Saver account to the market. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments This account pays a “competitive” variable interest rate of five percent and gives customers the chance to deposit up to £500 per month. On top of this, customers are allowed to withdraw money on one occasion throughout the year without penalty. Customers can also do this when they are closing their account. The Loyalty Regular is available to those who either save or have a mortgage with Yorkshire Building Society. After a 12-month period, the account will mature into the Six Access Saver which pays 1.25 percent. Hayley Tepliakov, a senior savings proposition manager at Yorkshire Building Society, explained: “Our founding purpose as a building society is to help people build financial resilience and get the best value on their savings so we’re committed to exploring ways that can help our members reach their financial goals or save for the future. “Regular savings accounts are one way we can encourage our members to establish healthy savings habits. “We’re really proud that this new account, which comes with a highly competitive interest rate and a generous monthly deposit limit is another example of how we reward the loyalty of our valued savers. “Previous issues of this account have proved popular with savers and we’re sure this latest edition will be equally as well received.”