Karene has become well known to viewers of Emmerdale as Naomi Walters, the estranged daughter of Charles Anderson (played by Kevin Mathurin) and the sister of Ethan Anderson (Emile John). The actress has only made a handful of appearances on the ITV soap so far but she is going to be seen more in the coming weeks. Life away from the camera is very different for the actress and it seems she is actually a lot older than the character she is playing. According to the world of the weeknight serial drama, Karene is supposed to be playing a character who is in her early 20s. Naomi was born in the late 1990s or the early 2000s according to her mother, Esme (Eva Fontaine), making her somewhere between the ages of 22 and 25. In real life, the actress is actually seven to eight years older than her alter-ego as she is 31 years old, having been born in 1991. Having just joined the cast of the show, it is unlikely the actress will have celebrated with her co-stars this year. However, although she is active on social media platforms such as Instagram, Karene has not posted about how she marked her birthday this year. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets She did post a rather celebratory picture of herself holding a 30th ballon last year, with the caption reading: "Grateful is an understatement. "I know for many people this past year has been all manner of things, but in all honesty, I have been nothing but blessed with lessons, opportunities, growth, beautiful friends, family and more.⠀ "Thank you for all the well wishes, beautiful words and love. Here’s to everlasting abundance in this human experience." However, Karene's career in the industry did not start recently as she has been appearing in various television programmes over the years. Back in 2013, when she was 22 years old, she was featured in an episode of Holby City in which she played the character Lynsey Campbell. In the same year, she made a guest appearance in the weekday serial drama Doctors as a character called Amy Chander. Between the ages of 22 and 25, Karene took on the role of Serena in the television series The Sparticle Mystery. This was a character she played for 23 episodes before she went on to feature in other shows such as Mindhorn and Unforgotten. Before landing her regular spot on Emmerdale, she was playing the character of Pupil Midwife Georgette Bains in the BBC series, Call The Midwife. Alongside all these opportunities, the actress has worked in retail as acting wasn't always at the forefront of her mind. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] The actress recently told Express.co.uk and other media: "I kind of just fell into it by accident, to be honest. "I was on a gap year from university working in retail, the glamorous day job life, and I met someone – who’s my very good friend now – who told me to come to some acting classes. "I was always interested in drama and things. "So I went to some acting classes and there was an agency affiliated with those classes, and I got signed and fell into things from there. "It’s been a long, interesting journey," she explained, with it being likely Karene has had more roles than those on record, having begun her journey into acting when she was 18 years old. It seems Karene is really pleased with her recent role, explaining: "It’s a soap I used to watch in my younger years. "So being on set is like being transported into my TV." The actress received the call she had got the role of Naomi whilst she was shopping, with the soap star stating: "I was in Sports Direct, nice and glamorous. "I got the call from my agent, and I don't know why – because it wasn't off the back of an amazing audition or anything like that. "But I just had a gut feeling. It was really quite weird. So I got the call and it confirmed that gut feeling, and here we are!" Naomi has been dropping in and out of the drama on the weeknight serial drama since she was first introduced several weeks ago. She has caused a lot of contention for her father, Charles, and her brother, Ethan, as she wants to get to know the latter but not the former. In scenes airing last week, she threw her toys out of the pram when her father arrived during a lunch date with her brother. Unfortunately, the meeting with Ethan ended with Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) issuing a warning to the young woman. However, when Charles ends up unconscious after a run-in with his daughter this week, it seems she is public enemy number one. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.