Tom Cruise only just released his highest-grossing movie of all time - Top Gun Maverick - but he is already looking to the future. The high-octane thriller hit a staggering $1 billion at the box office, despite the fact it was a sequel to a movie from 40 years ago. Now he's aiming to do it again with another sequel to one of his lesser-known movies. At the moment, Cruise is working on Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1, which is due to hit cinemas in 2023. The movie has had him jumping from cliffs and out of helicopters to get the franchise looking and feeling as real as possible. But new reports suggest Cruise is going to make a triumphant return to cinemas as Les Grossman. For fans not in the know, Grossman was first introduced as the ill-tempered studio executive in 2008's Tropic Thunder. Tropic Thunder acted as a parody of actors in Hollywood, as well as a number of specific films and acting situations from throughout the years. Cruise won hearts in the movie as Grossman, the fat-suited and horrifically profane driving force throughout the movie. A new report says it is "unclear" whether Grossman is going to get his entire movie, or if he'll be included in another film as a bit-part like before. The same report claims Cruise is also working on a musical movie. (Via Deadline) READ MORE: Tom Cruise was 'resented' in cruel Hollywood feud after fantasy movie Cruise is reportedly working on an "original song and dance-style musical" with the help of Mission: Impossible creator Christopher McQuarrie. The Cocktail actor previously played a rockstar in Rock of Ages, where he learned to sing and dance like a stadium-selling icon. He's also working hard on another film alongside McQuarrie - but this one is a little out there. This as-of-yet untitled movie is going to take place in space - actual, real-life space. DON'T MISS...Tom Cruise was 'resented' in cruel Hollywood feud after fantasy movie [NEWS]Tom Cruise was rejected by F1 star for Top Gun Maverick - 'Upsetting' [INFO]Brad Pitt 'refuses' to work with certain actors on 's**t list' [INSIGHT] Deadline recently reported that Universal signed up to be Cruise's studio for the gravity-defying movie. This will be the next step for Cruise's death-dodging stunts in films over the past ten years. In the Mission: Impossible franchise alone Cruise has straddled the side of a flying plane, run up the Burj Khalifa building, and jumped out of countless aircrafts. Most recently, fans have spotted him running atop a moving train in the UK. Some behind-the-scenes news has also recently been revealed about Cruise's recruitment process. He reportedly tried to sign up Lewis Hamilton as a fighter pilot for Top Gun Maverick. Unfortunately, he couldn't convince him to do so. Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1 hits cinemas in 2023. SOURCE