Crystal Palace have launched an audacious bid for Chelsea youngster Conor Gallagher, according to reports. While the midfielder is thought to be keen on giving his Blues career every possible chance, the Eagles may have a lifeline to cling onto as Thursday's transfer deadline draws nearer. Gallagher has been part of Chelsea's academy since the age of eight and impressed on a series of loan spells before being given a chance this campaign. To appear in all four of the Blues' Premier League outings so far is a big statement from Thomas Tuchel, who evidently feels as though the player could have a future at Stamford Bridge. Meanwhile, Palace are struggling to shake off the superb loan spell that Gallagher enjoyed at Selhurst Park last campaign. Eight goals and three assists only told half the story as his tenacity and work rate immediately won fans over in south London. According to The Times, Palace have launched an ambitious £27million bid to take Gallagher on a permanent basis. JUST IN: Nicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit as replacement plan at risk While the 22-year-old has previously been open about his desire to succeed with Chelsea, reports indicate that Palace would be his preferred destination if the Blues' hierarchy have a change of heart. Todd Boehly and co are thought to be keen on keeping Gallagher at present, but activity generally accelerates as deadline day closes in. Gallagher was chosen to start Chelsea's last two Premier League games but he was sent off against Leicester City last time out due to two bookings inside the first 30 minutes. The energetic midfielder has game time to think of ahead of the World Cup later this year after breaking into Gareth Southgate's senior squad last season. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Antony's Man Utd medical, Chelsea fly Fofana to USA, Aubameyang latest Chelsea flirted with the idea of signing Frenkie de Jong this summer which could have had a dramatic impact on Gallagher's first-team prospects. A move for the Dutchman hasn't been ruled out completely by Todd Boehly and co, giving Palace fans hope of a permanent reunion with Gallagher. The Blues have already offloaded a host of stars this summer but several more could be on the chopping block before Thursday evening. Signing Leicester star Wesley Fofana is expected to trigger a series of moves with Marcos Alonso poised to join Barcelona and Trevoh Chalobah weighing up a series of loan proposals. Peripheral players like Baba Rahman, Ross Barkley, Billy Gilmour, Hakim Ziyech, Kenedy, Ethan Ampadu and Michy Batshuayi could also find new clubs before the window slams shut. Callum Hudson-Odoi is on the verge of a loan move to Bayer Leverkusen after lengthy negotiations with the German side. Talks stalled over the issue of a buy option with Boehly keen to see the winger return to Stamford Bridge at the end of the season.