Liverpool's dramatic win over Newcastle descended into chaos after Fabio Carvalho's goal with a member the opposition's bench spotted throwing an object in the direction of Jurgen Klopp and co. during their celebrations. Liverpool and Newcastle looked set to share a point despite the hosts' best efforts in trying to find a winner late in the game.  But Kopites at Anfield went into pandemonium when Carvalho blasted his close-range effort into the roof of the net. The Liverpool bench also exploded with coaches and players jumping on each other. There were some ugly scenes in the aftermath though with both Liverpool and Newcastle staff members getting into an argument. Both had to be separated and it wasn't immediately clear what sparked the furore between them both. Newcastle appeared aggrieved that referee Andre Marriner had allowed nine minutes of added time despite just five being allocated. BT Sport then showed footage that came immediately after Liverpool's winner, focussing on a Newcastle staff member throwing an object towards the Reds' bench.  Liverpool's coaching staff were incensed at the reaction from their opponents with the club's head of fitness, Andreas Kornmayer, spotted sarcastically waving Newcastle's bench away. Joel Matip was also spotted lapping up Carvalho's goal from the bench, falling to the floor and wildly slapping the ground. Others on the Liverpool bench were also lapping up the scenes with Darwin Nunez spotted standing on his seat and cheering loudly. Calvin Ramsay took a more laid back approach as he was pictured smiling with Nunez stood alongside him. After the final whistle, Newcastle players and staff went to the away end to thank their travelling support, but were hounded by boos from the home crowd as they walked off the pitch. Liverpool fans were getting growingly frustrated by Newcastle's gamesmanship as the second half wore on with Klopp visibly annoyed at the time-wasting tactics. And Klopp felt his side had the last laugh with Carvalho's late winner being the perfect response. "Football can go in both directions but tonight it went in the right one, a perfect end of the game," he said. "I am really happy that everyone saw it tonight. It was hard to take. "It was a difficult game anyway, Newcastle invested a lot to close us down. They were close to getting pretty much everything for it. Of course everyone wants to see a football game and when it is interrupted that often it is not nice for anybody. "The only chance we have, not just for this game but in general, the referee has to pick earlier yellow cards. I don't know when the kicking the ball away stopped being a yellow card. When did this rule die? I had no idea if that tonight it was on purpose or if they players really had to go down because slightly injured. I don't know."  