Having a stroke is one such condition that can be impacted by our diet. This is because other lifestyle-related problems such as having high cholesterol, high blood pressure and diabetes are commonly linked to strokes. It occurs when blood supply to part of the brain is cut off. According to Doctor Monika Wassermann, MD at Boutiquetoyou.com, eating fish as often as four times a week could be key. Speaking to Express.co.uk she said: “Studies demonstrate that eating fish four times every week contributes to a 30 percent reduced risk of stroke. “Fatty fish, including salmon, contains omega-3 acids, which improve overall health. “Therefore, instead of wasting your body with less-nutrient-dense foods, such as burgers and processed foods, why not grill that salmon to reduce the consumption of saturated fats and cholesterol?” READ MORE: High cholesterol: Two signs on your face that increase risk of death at a 'younger age' She added: “I also recommend incorporating more foods with antioxidants, such as fruits and vegetables to kill free radicals that reduce optimum health." There are two main types of strokes. One is the ischaemic, which happens when blood supply is stopped because of a blood clot. These account for around 85 percent of all cases.  Or there is a haemorrhagic stroke that occurs when a weakened vessel supplying blood to the brain bursts. There is also a condition called a transient ischaemic attack (TIA), where the blood supply to the brain is temporarily interrupted. TIAs are known as a mini-stroke and these can last a few minutes or as long as 24 hours. Being overweight as well as smoking increases your risk of a stroke. READ MORE: STI symptoms: The sign in your mouth that can signal syphilis - 'See a GP' “Unhealthy weight is among the conditions that increase the chances of stroke,” Doctor Wassermann said. “Being obese or overweight increases proneness to high cholesterol, heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes - conditions linked to the risk of stroke. “Even studies indicate that a body mass index increase by one unit raises the risk by five percent. “It would help to maintain a healthy weight if you intend to avoid a stroke. “Smoking also causes heart damage and ruins the blood vessels resulting in a stroke. “I always tell my clients to avoid smoking if they have never attempted it. “For those that already smoke, I highly recommend reducing the number of cigarettes per day as they work their way into stopping the habit completely.”