Lavender makes for a great addition to the garden thanks to its delicious smell, as well as its hardiness and versatility. However, the smell of lavender is not only restricted to your garden. You can also bring the scent of lavender into your property by harvesting and drying flowers. Deanna, a gardening blogger from HomesteadandChill said: "Harvesting lavender is incredibly easy. "Plus, the more you harvest, the more blooms will come." Ann Marie Hendry, an expert from GrowVeg added: "Harvesting and drying lavender is simple – simply snip off the stems just before the flowers open and when you've gathered enough for your needs, tie the stems together and hang them up to dry somewhere sheltered." One of the easiest ways to collect flowers to dry is simply by pruning your lavender bushes. READ MORE: Where does Rishi Sunak live? A look at the PM hopeful's properties Not only can this benefit your home, but it will also keep your garden healthy. Amy Fedele, a home gardening expert from blog Pretty Purple Door said: “Pruning lavender keeps it looking full, encourages new growth and flowering, and gives you lots of fresh tips to harvest throughout the season." One area where some gardeners get caught out is putting lavender in water - you don't need to put cut lavender in water to keep it alive - it will go mouldy. Before pruning lavender, it's important to take note of the growth of your bush and the time of year. You should avoid pruning lavender too heavily at the end of the summer months, as this can make it harder for the plant to survive the cold winters. Instead, you should trim your plant after its initial flowering season and then prune it again in the spring. To prune your bushes, use a clean, sharp pair of secateurs to cut back each stem. This should remove the flowers and some of the green stem growth. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [COMMENT]Pests: 4 species that will ‘thrive’ in your garden this month [INSIGHT]Garden warning: Do 4 things to ‘limit damage’ to trees in summer [EXPLAINER] However, try to avoid going too close to the woody base of the stem as this is essential for young plant growth. When cutting, try to create an even dome shape by leaving some of the stems in the middle a little bit longer, gradually going shorter as you move to the outer edges of the plant. How to dry lavender Once you have collected some long stems of flowers, bundle the bunch together with a rubber band placed toward the bottom of the bouquet. However, try to avoid going too close to the woody base of the stem as this is essential for young plant growth. When cutting, try to create an even dome shape by leaving some of the stems in the middle a little bit longer, gradually going shorter as you move to the outer edges of the plant. Once you have collected some long stems of flowers, bundle the bunch together with a rubber band placed toward the bottom of the bouquet. Store them upside down in a dry and sheltered space. Avoid putting flowers in direct sunlight. Experts from Interflora warn this "will lead to flower heads fading faster than usual". Ensuring the space has adequate air circulation will protect the stems from mould. After a few weeks, the flowers will have dried fully. If you want loose lavender flowers, simply shake the stems gently to release blooms. These can then be stored in a container. If you prefer the dried flowers to stay on the stem, gently flip the bunch upside down and place it into your chosen vase.