Tales of the Walking Dead is an upcoming anthology series where each episode will explore new characters and stories from the world of the Walkers. Series one of the AMC drama is just around the corner, with fans intrigued to delve into this new Walking Dead format. Even in the first episode of this latest series, there are some very recognisable faces to get excited about. Leading the cast in Tales of the Walking Dead's debut episode is none other than actor Terry Crews. He is well known for playing Julius Rock in the sitcom Everybody Hates Chris which aired for four years and Terry Jeffords in Fox and NBC's comedy Brooklyn Nine-Nine. Crews has also been hosting the iconic America's Got Talent for the past eight years. He will portray Joe, a "reclusive prepper" who ventures out of his bunker to find someone from his past. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Express.co.uk exclusively spoke to Crews' co-star for the episode Evie/Joe, Kersti Bryan about Tales of the Walking Dead and what it was like to work with him. She explained: "Terry Crews is like being with someone that makes you question everything, like 'Am I doing this good enough? Am I good?' in all ways, your health, but also he just vibes higher. "You just sit with him and he's asking a bigger question. "It was an honour to work with him and he's wonderful in it, going to break your heart." Actress Kersti Bryan has had various minor roles throughout her TV and film career. Some of her work includes Elementary, Small Miracles, Hustlers, Ray Donovan, New Amsterdam and The Blacklist. Bryan described how her character Sandra is the reason for Joe leaving the comfort of his bunker. "Joe is a prepper, so before the apocalypse happened, he was ready, he was prepping for everything. "And so I play someone who was also a prepper and before everything happened, I had asked to meet in real life online and possibly, our dreams might come true." DON'T MISS...Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed [CAST]The Walking Dead boss confirms murderous Rick Grimes twist in spin-off [EXPLAINER]Maggie and Negan The Walking Dead spin off: All we know  [RELEASE DATE] While trying to find Sandra, Joe comes across someone who is the "polar opposite" of him in the form of Evie. She is also in search of someone so the pair team up to try and track them down. Evie is played by actress Olivia Munn who has been in Beyond the Break, Perfect Couples, New Girl, The Newsroom, X-Men: Apocalypse, The Predator, The Rook and The Gateway, just to list some of her work. She will be starring in a war-based film called Aleppo, which is currently in pre-production. She added: "Olivia Munn is huggable and marvellous and she has a background in martial arts and it's very cool." The cast of Tales of the Walking Dead will change in every episode with some of the future season one actors including the likes of Samantha Morton, Poppy Liu, Jillian Bell, Embeth Davidtz, Jessie T. Usher and Danny Ramirez. Tales of the Walking Dead season 1 premieres on Sunday, August 14, on AMC in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.