The Duchess of Sussex opened up about her life as a Royal Family member in a no holds barred interview last March with the doyenne of US chat shows. During the course of the interview, Meghan and Prince Harry made a series of explosive revelations that shook the foundations of the House of Windsor to its very core. The Duchess revealed that she had contemplated suicide at one stage, while the couple also implied that a Royal Family member was racist. Lady Antonia Fraser, a renowned historian whose books include works on Mary Queen of Scotts and Oliver Cromwell, was scathing in her criticism of the decision to grant the interview. She told The Daily Telegraph: "Now I’m afraid [appearing on] Oprah Winfrey was worse than a crime; it was a mistake. "I just wish vainly she’d shut up. And Prince Harry. And Prince Andrew. "I’d like to see another photograph by the Duchess of Cambridge rather than read another thing about Prince Harry." Lady Fraser boasts some blue blood herself, being the daughter of the 7th Earl of Longford. She was married to the British playwright Harold Pinter, a former Nobel laureate. Besides her historical works, the talented author has also written detective novels. Lady Fraser revealed she had originally a positive opinion of the Duchess and had tried to reach out to her when she first arrived. She said she wrote Meghan a letter and sent it to Frogmore Cottage where the Royal couple were then living. However, the letter was returned and seemingly had not been read by the intended recipient. Lady Fraser said: "I sent the letter to Frogmore. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle receive 'proper' protection "It came back, saying, 'Not known at this address.'” Despite Lady Fraser's harsh appraisal of the Oprah interview, many others praised the Duchess for her courage to speak out and saw it as an inspirational move. Bernice King, the youngest child of the late civil rights activist Martin Luther King, tweeted at the time: “Royalty is not a shield from the devastation and despair of racism. "I’m grateful that Meghan Markle is still here.” Tennis champion Serena Williams called Meghan her "selfless friend" who "teaches me every day what it means to be truly noble". DON'T MISS ‘Hash it out behind the scenes’ Queen hopes to resolve Sussex row [NEWS]Voters think Trump would be better for UK than Duchess in White House [REVEAL]'All for nothing!' Harry and Meghan warned lawsuits 'bring more harm' [SPOTLIGHT] She added: "Her words illustrate the pain and cruelty she’s experienced. "I know first hand the sexism and racism institutions and the media use to vilify women and people of colour to minimise us, to break us down and demonise us. "We must recognise our obligation to decry malicious, unfounded gossip and tabloid journalism. "The mental health consequences of systemic oppression and victimisation are devastating, isolating and all too often lethal."