Tony Bellew believes that the loser of Chris Eubank Jr vs Conor Benn will be left with a ‘horrible feeling’. The sensational showdown between the sons of two of British boxing’s most iconic figures is about more than just bragging rights – it’s about family honour. Fathers Chris Eubank Sr and Nigel Benn fought twice in 1990 and 1993 in one of the fiercest rivalries in the history of the sport. Eubank Sr stopped Benn in the ninth round of their first encounter before a controversial split draw three years later left fans calling for a third fight – but it never came. Now their sons will settle the score on October 8 at the O2 Arena, London in a 156lb catchweight contest. Bellew, who now works as a pundit for DAZN, was hesitant about giving his pick so early but revealed how both men will be feeling on fight night. “For me, this is one of the biggest fights that can be made in boxing now. Their fathers were two brilliant warriors with contrasting personalities and styles, and although their grudge was a domestic one, it was a series that made the world pay attention,” wrote Bellew in an article for DAZN. “This fight will be no different. People may talk about the weight difference, but they’ll be glued to their screens on October 8th. Both fighters deserve the highest credit for taking the fight because so much is on the line. I hear so much stuff about Benn having nothing to lose but when there’s a chance you might suffer defeat, you’re risking a lot. “Conor will be the lowest man about if he fails to beat Eubank, and his opponent will feel the exact same. Losing in boxing is a horrible feeling and neither man will want to experience it. I’m not going to make a prediction on the fight now as there’s still a long way to go in the build-up, but you will be hearing from me on fight week, and you’ll get my pick then. “For now, I want to see both men giving it their all in the gym as they look to protect their family name and add another chapter to the Eubank/Benn story. Get ready because this fight is going to be something else.” Benn vs Eubank Jr will be shown live on DAZN PPV in two months’ time. The price is yet to be announced although it is expected to be a similar fee to that of Canelo Alvarez vs Gennady Golovkin III which is currently listed at £9.99 for existing subscribers and £17.98 for new ones.