Manchester United chiefs will reportedly fly out to Barcelona in a final bid to secure the signing of Frenkie de Jong. The Netherlands international has been on Erik ten Hag’s radar all summer long yet, while an initial £63million fee has been agreed with the La Liga giants, the player’s future remains in limbo. And with Casemiro now on board, the Red Devils have a new ace up their sleeve when it comes to recruiting the 25-year-old. Manchester United first registered their interest in De Jong over three months ago, with Ten Hag making him a priority transfer target at Old Trafford. The Red Devils are prepared to pay an initial £63m for the 25-year-old, with that fee then set to rise to an overall £72m once add-ons and bonuses are taken into consideration. Many have expressed a belief United’s pursuit of De Jong is over in the wake of their decision to recruit Casemiro from Real Madrid. But fresh reports have claimed the fallen Premier League giants haven’t given up and remain keen on bringing the 25-year-old to England, where he’d be reunited with former boss Ten Hag. And Casemiro may just be an ace up their sleeve. At Barcelona, De Jong has had to carry most of the responsibility when it comes to the middle of the park - meaning he’s been asked to do more jobs than he’s suited to. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd He’s been unfortunate to be at the club at a time where Sergio Busquets is past his best, with the Spain international approaching the twilight years of his career. It’s been a similar story with Miralem Pjanic, too, with the former Juventus and Roma star no longer the midfielder of old. And though Pedri and Gavi have talent in abundance, they’re not the finished product just yet. Far from it, in fact. But if De Jong wants to be able to be the best version of himself, then United may just be the right club for him now that Casemiro is on board. While the finances involved in the deal to land the 30-year-old are staggering, there’s no denying United are snapping up one of the best players in the whole of world football. Casemiro has been a vital player for Real Madrid over the years, making up one third of arguably football’s best-ever midfield. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Alongside Toni Kroos and Luka Modric, the Samba star has continued to elevate his game. He’s leaving Madrid as a club legend, having claimed five Champions League crowns during his glittering spell in the capital. And it’s telling that Kroos and Modric have both mourned his departure. Kroos, who has played alongside Casemiro ever since arriving from Bayern Munich back in the summer transfer window of 2014, said: "With you, my dear Case, it was impossible not to break a sweat... in any situation. "Because you wouldn't let us relax even in the Turkish bath. "Staying there was another torment: you told someone to go and you almost had exercise bikes and weights ready there. A notice for your new colleagues to know. “Because with you, even the Turkish bath was a gym... and you only allow people to lie down when it's time to do sit-ups. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "I'm going to miss you. As an exemplary professional. Like a top player. As a fighter who saved me from several... But, above all, as a good person.” And Modric said: "Dear Case, I still remember your debut with our club... How nervous you were! "I asked you to be calm and now I think about it and see how it turned out. What you have achieved! It was also my first season and neither of us could imagine what football had in store for us. "You have become a true leader. You have been for your teammates and for Real Madrid. We will always remember it. "We have won a lot together, but I keep the moments that nobody sees. With the day-to-day work in Valdebebas. And especially with the jokes, because you have always been in a good mood, even in moments of tension or when there were failures. "Those laughs with you gave me peace of mind. Just like looking back and seeing you, knowing there's going to be a lot of "Njega-Njega." You have been the best bodyguard in the world. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I'm going to miss you, but I wish you the best. It is what a professional and a person like you deserve. Thanks for everything and good luck, friend!" Casemiro would be able to be the defensive-midfielder that United have needed for years. And that would enable De Jong to focus on what he does best: running at the opposition, dictating play and creating chances. Just look at what he did for Kroos and Modric. De Jong would get the license to be himself at United, with a bulldog protecting the back four. That might, just might, be enough to persuade the Barcelona star to finally make the move to the Premier League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here