Erik ten Hag wanted to massively shake up his Manchester United ranks this summer, and it appears that the manager feels he has completed that mission. The Red Devils are set to welcome two new signings, Antony and Martin Dubravka, and then will no longer be active in the transfer window. Ten Hag was keen to strengthen all areas of his United side upon his arrival in the Old Trafford dugout, and he has been granted almost all of his top priority targets. Midfielder Frenkie de Jong was also wanted, though he was not willing to leave Barcelona. Christian Eriksen and Casemiro instead arrived to provide quality in the centre of the park, whilst Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia provided Ten Hag with different options in defence. And after months of talks, Antony will now join United in a deal worth £85million – with Newcastle goalkeeper Dubravka also heading to The Theatre of Dreams on a loan-to-buy deal. According to The Athletic, it is expected that the latter two of the aforementioned players will be the final two signings of the summer from United - thus putting an end to their pursuit of De Jong as well as a right-back, given that the club were previously keen to replace Aaron Wan-Bissaka. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag has a ridiculous problem as Antony video emerges United will, of course, be aware that they will need to sign replacements if offers arrive for some of their players – especially Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portuguese international has been pushing to leave the club this summer in favour of joining a side competing in the Champions League – but no offers have arrived. Ronaldo’s agent, Jorge Mendes, held talks with Chelsea and Bayern Munich among other clubs, though they have all rebuffed the opportunity to seal the signature of the 37-year-old. Speaking after the Southampton match, Ten Hag revealed that he is not planning for life without Ronaldo though. DON'T MISS...Man Utd tipped to make another signing out of the blue after AntonyMan United may help Birmingham pull off next Bellingham projectMan Utd perform U-turn on signing second midfielder after Casemiro He said: “I cannot say that [Ronaldo will leave United]. We plan with him and we stick to the plan and if there are good players available we will strike because we want to strengthen the squad always. So we will be alert until the last second of the window.” Fringe players could be sold with no replacements brought in, with James Garner the player most likely to depart for a figure of approximately £15m. The midfielder has been told he can leave his boyhood club, with Leicester and Everton amongst those interested.