Journalist Dan Wootton, who broke the Megxit story, said the "biggest question" is why the Sussexes are so keen to travel to Britain just months after their previous visit. The GB News presenter said courtiers suspect it is likely to be partly "commercially driven". Mr Wootton claimed interest in Harry and Meghan across the pond is "decreasing" as their royal links weaken. Writing in his MailOnline column, the royal commentator said: "So perhaps the biggest question is, given the acrimony, why are Harry and Meghan so keen to return to the UK not long after their last disastrous visit? "The answer, courtiers suspect, is likely to be, at least in part, commercially driven. "Much to their horror, the Sussexes are discovering that the US interest in them is decreasing, as their proximity to the Royal Family and Britain grows ever more distant. "While they secured the initial big money deals, with the likes of Netflix, Spotify and the bank Ethic, needed to set up their expensive new life, making them succeed is another matter altogether." Mr Wootton highlighted that little content has been released from Harry and Meghan's lucrative Netflix and Spotify deals. He added: "There are suspicions that the UK trip early next month – ostensibly to attend a number of charity events – could be used to create more content for such a TV programme. "No wonder trust between the Royal Family and the Sussexes is at rock bottom." A spokesperson for the couple last week announced their plan to visit the UK, as well as Germany, next month. The spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." It comes after they travelled to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Harry and Meghan will head to Manchester for the One Young World Summit, an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries, on September 5. Meghan, a counsellor for the organisation, will give the keynote address at the opening ceremony. They will also meet a group of summit delegates doing "outstanding work on gender equality", One Young World said. The Sussexes will then travel to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event on September 6. And they will return to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London on September 8 where Harry will deliver a speech. Their visit falls in the same week the new prime minister is due to be announced and asked to form a Government by the Queen. The monarch is expected to return to London from her annual summer break at Balmoral to carry out her head of state duties, and it is likely her grandson will want to see her. The visit comes as Harry's tell-all memoir is due out later this year with the royals bracing. It also comes amid the Duke's legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. 