Ruth Langsford and Rylan Clark were delighted to welcome 90s pop group Steps onto Monday's This Morning. After chatting about what it's like to reunite once again, the band took centre stage to perform a mash-up of some of their greatest hits. However, some viewers were less than impressed by their performance, with many accusing the group of "lip-syncing". Speaking about celebrating 25 years together as a group, Claire Richards admitted they had no idea their music would have such an influence on people. "The original concept for us was to be a line dancing pop group," the lead singer began. "I mean, 5,6,7,8 was that, but that was the plan for us forever to just do line dancing songs. "So I think from that first moment up until now...you can always hope." READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 Lee Latchford-Evans weighed in: "We didn't know what was around the corner, did we? "We did the audition, we did the best we could, hoping to... for me personally to get the job. "And we all got the job and yeah, we're still here today doing what we did then. "And we say each time we go on tour, 'We don't want to dance as much as we did last time, we're getting older now'." "A lot happens and we are having fun and we can't say no," he added. After the chat, the group performed a number of their hit songs including, Tragedy and Deeper Shade of Blue. However, many fans took to social media to air their frustration with the performance, with many claiming the group were "lip-syncing" or "miming" their songs. Elle-Rae penned: "Absolutely love Steps but the lip sync is just a NO #ThisMorning." Jo said: "I’ve got nothing against Steps but is miming really acceptable in 2022?" DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [VIDEO]Question of Sport backlash as Paddy announces change to show [REACTION]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [SPOILERS] "Are Steps miming…? #ThisMorning" Mollie Owen tweeted while Mikey said: "They’re defo lip syncing." Mags joked: "Loved Steps back in the day but they could at least try to look like they're not miming on @thismorning." Taking a brutal swipe, Mia commented: "I'm getting second-hand embarrassment from Steps miming and dancing like we're still in the 90s." (sic) However, despite the criticism, some fans were loving the mash-up of Steps' hits, with Jay tweeting: "Steps is a national treasure! #ThisMorning." Suz added: "Ahhh, I really liked that #Steps MegaMix." While Em said: "Steps performing a dazzling medley of basically every banger they've ever released on #ThisMorning has just given me the sparkling, energetic, super camp Monday morning boost I needed." Express.co.uk has reached out to Steps' representative for comment. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.