It was her pooch, in actual fact, that sniffed out Shannen Doherty's tumour – even after she had been given the all-clear from breast cancer back in 2017. The star, at the time, underwent surgery, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy to get rid of the cancerous lesion. "When I got back from [cancer] surgery, [Bowie] again was kind of right in this area," Doherty told Entertainment Tonight. "Then when I had my first chemo, she would sniff my entire body up and down. And she was always protective before, but she has become this crazy, protective dog. It's hard to get close to me when she's around." Experiencing "odd" pains in her back after exercise, Doherty soon learned that her cancer had returned. This time, however, the cancer had spread to her spine and she was diagnosed with stage four cancer. Despite her life-limiting prognosis, she told Elle magazine: "I’ve got a lot of life in me." Proving that she is enjoying every moment for what it is, Doherty posted to Instagram: "21 days of a reset diet and today was my cheat meal. "After no carbs, no sugar and clean eating... I dived into fries, bread and wine. Oh, and dessert. "Loved my cheat meal... Right now, I just want to be the best version of myself. Not sure what that is, but I know eating right is the start. "Tomorrow I go back to my clean eating but for now, I will enjoy one more dessert." The Charmed actress, who played Prue from 1998 to 2006, hadn't "processed" her stage four breast cancer at the time of her diagnosis. "It's a bitter pill to swallow in a lot of ways," she told TV reporter for ABC News, Amy Robach. It's otherwise referred to as advanced cancer, as the tumour has spread outside of its original area; in Doherty's case, the breast. Cancer Research UK highlighted the prognosis for stage four breast cancer. "Around 25 out of 100 women (around 25 percent) will survive their cancer for five years or more after they are diagnosed," the charity stated. "The cancer is not curable at this point, but may be controlled with treatment for some years." Treatment includes: hormone therapy, chemotherapy, targeted drugs, radiotherapy, surgery, and bone strengthening treatment. Cancer Research UK answered: "Treatments can help to reduce symptoms and might make you feel better. "But they also have side effects that can make you feel unwell for a while." Breast cancer symptoms: The NHS adds that tummy or back pain could be indicative of cancer, as well as feeling tired and unwell, or unexplained weight loss. If you are concerned about any symptoms, do book a doctor's appointment.