Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted highs of 30C in the southeast, 25C in the north and 19C in Scotland on Thursday. It has predicted highs of 32C in the southeast on Friday, and 31C in Wales. Temperatures will be cooler in the north, with highs of 16C. The Met Office said temperatures will reach a "peak" midweek next week, saying they could reach up to 30C in parts of the south and east on Wednesday. Met Office forecaster Nicola Maxey said temperatures will be "settled" and "warm" for the final few days in August. She told the Sun Online: "Temperatures are not going to be as hot as we saw in July or earlier this month, but it looks like we're going to have a nice, settled warm spell for the end of the summer. "There's certainly high indications at the moment that we're going to see high-pressure build which could bring some more settled dry, sunny weather for parts of the country." Writing on Twitter, the Met Office added: "Temperatures generally near average today, but gently rising during the coming days reaching a peak midweek. "Temperatures could locally exceed 30°C in one or two spots across the south and east on Wednesday." Netweather meteorologist Nick Finnis said the next seven days could be "changeable", but the country is likely to see temperatures of up to 28C mid-week. READ MORE: UK heatwave forecast: 'Very hot' September follows August bank holiday Over the bank holiday, Mr Finnis predicted "fine, sunny, mostly dry and warm" weather. The forecaster said: "All-in-all, changeable in the next seven days, with a chance of rain for everyone, but there will also be some drier and sunnier periods between the fronts bringing rain and feeling warm in the sun, very warm in the south early to mid-week. "Highs are around average for the time of year this weekend, low to mid-20s in the south, high teens to low 20s in the north. DON'T MISS: Long-range weather forecast: Drought to continue to OCTOBER [ANALYSIS] UK weather: Britain to be battered with 30C as heatwave returns [REPORT] Driest months in 40 years trigger drought in Wales [REPORT] "But it looks to warm up a few degrees through next week, so by mid-week we may see 26-28C towards the southeast mid-week, as the upper trough over the Atlantic amplifies and winds back more southerly off the near continent. "Temperatures falling back again from Thursday, as the flow returns from the Atlantic following a cold front clearing east. "Further ahead though, there are signs from weather model ensemble guidance that high pressure may re-establish from next weekend, as an upper-level ridge extends northeast in the vicinity of NW Europe." He said there is "increasing confidence that we could be looking at fine, sunny, mostly dry and warm Bank Holiday and end to August." Mr Finnis added: "But where the high locates will determine how warm it may get."