Chelsea are set for a busy final month of the summer transfer window with head coach Thomas Tuchel reportedly ‘pushing’ for more signings. The Blues have already spent over £100million on Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly, Raheem Sterling and Carney Chukwuemeka. But Tuchel is keen for new chairman Todd Boehly to keep investing. The German urged Boehly to crack on with further additions following a worrying pre-season. Wing-back Cucurella and teenage midfielder Chukwuemeka prior to last Saturday’s victory against Everton. The duo followed Koulibaly and through the door at Stamford Bridge. The quartet have cost Chelsea a combined £160m. That figure could more than double by the end of the transfer window as Chelsea seem set to be the Premier League’s biggest spenders. Barcelona pair Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Frenkie de Jong could both be Blues players come September, while Tuchel has also been linked with a pursuit of Leicester defender Wesley Fofana. READ MORE: Chelsea have Frenkie de Jong transfer belief Spanish football expert Alvaro Montero told Sky Sports that Barca could be forced to accept around £20m for Aubameyang, who only joined the Catalan outfit in January. Barca must trim their wage bill in order to register £150m worth of new signings with La Liga, and the Daily Mail claim Tuchel is ‘pushing’ for Aubameyang. According to wide-ranging reports, Chelsea will also match Manchester United’s £72m offer to Barca for midfielder De Jong. United have spent all summer pursuing the Dutchman, who does not want to move to Old Trafford. Chelsea can offer De Jong Champions League football, unlike United. He is apparently far more open to a move to Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISS...Chelsea and Tottenham sent Milan Skriniar transfer messageFrenkie de Jong receives two Barcelona conditions amid Chelsea linksTransfer news LIVE: New De Jong offer, Man Utd's double deal Meanwhile, Leicester remain adamant that France U21 international Fofana will remain at the King Power Stadium. However, Chelsea will go in with a third bid of around £80m for the 21-year-old, according to football.london. Inter Milan starlet Cesare Casadei has also been linked with a move to Chelsea. The 19-year-old could cost around £12.5m. Deals for the four targets would see Chelsea spend another £184.5m before the September 1 transfer deadline. A total outlay of £344.5m would be a strong message by Boehly at the start of his stewardship, and it could put Tuchel under pressure to deliver immediate results. Chelsea started the 2022-23 Premier League season with a narrow 1-0 win over Everton last weekend, with Cucurella, Koulibaly and Sterling all making their debuts. Tuchel will hope he can provide more debuts over the coming weeks.