Cam Norrie insisted there was no room for sympathy in top-class sport after he ruthlessly destroyed Benoit Paire at the US Open. The Frenchman has openly spoken about his mental health struggles and has only won four matches in 22 events this year. After the British No 1’s 6-0 7-6 6-0 win, world No 173 Paire admitted: “The problem is my head.” But Wimbledon semi-finalist Norrie said: “Did I feel sorry for him? Today in the match? Honestly, no. I was trying to play and trying to win every point and trying to get through. That's my ultimate goal and was not thinking; ‘Oh, he's having a tough day today’. No, I was trying to win every point I could, and trying to get off the court as quickly as I could. “I wasn't thinking about him or how he's doing or anything. I'm trying to just focus on myself. On the days I'm not playing him I wish him all the best. I'm always saying ‘hi’ to him. He's a really good guy. Everyone loves him on the tour, and he's super talented, as well. “I think he has days like this, it's tough to be consistent on the tour playing like that. It was tough for him that he had a tough day and that. At the end of the day I went out and did my job.” In the match-up between the physically relentless British No 1 and the mentally fragile Frenchman, there was only going to be one winner. And it did not take long. Norrie carried on the form which took him to the Wimbledon semi-finals. World No 173 Paire meanwhile made 57 errors, including 13 double faults, and admitted he was considering ending his season to go home. He certainly appeared to have mentally left the US Open during the ridiculously one-sided 18-minute first set and again in the 19-minute third set in sweltering heat. In between, the former world No 18 raised his game to serve for the second set at 5-3 before throwing in three double faults in the tiebreak. No.7 seed Norrie, whose career is on the up as Paire’s ranking is plummeting, said: “It's tricky, especially how Benoit plays. He obviously plays with a lot of flare, he can come forward very well and serve well at times. “It's tough winning a set 6-0 against a guy who is dangerous and can serve really well, and I managed to hang with him. I think he played maybe a little bit too quick and made some errors that he probably wouldn't usually make. “For me, I just try to make it a really physical match and make the rallies long. It's nice to get it done in straight sets. I was just trying to concentrate and stay locked in and try and work on a few things out there.” Paire’s volatile mood was not improved by being told off by umpire Carlos Bernardes for talking to his coach during a break in play when a spectator collapsed in the stands of Court 11. New rules allow coaching during the US Open - but not during stoppages of play. “I don’t understand anything.” he said. The Frenchman, who has struggled throughout Covid, had the consolation of banking $80,000 for his 98 minutes work at $816-a-minute. But the 33-year-old from Avignon said: “I am not sure if I will carry on this season. The problem is my head. I need to take time to breathe. It is hard. “It has been difficult this last season with motivation. For the moment I am motivated to be at home. Travelling on the circuit has been very difficult. I take no pleasure. My friends are at home. My family is at home. I would rather be at home. I just need to have rest, and to stay with the people I like.” Dan Evans won his opening match in New York for the fourth consecutive year by beating Czech Jiri Vesely 6-4 6-1 6-1 victory in an hour and 55 minutes. Four British men are through to the second round like in 2020 when Kyle Edmund won his opening match along with Evans, Norrie and Andy Murray.