As Formula 1 heads to Belgium this week, the country's place on the F1 calendar remains uncertain. Spa Francorchamps' Formula 1 contract expires at the end of this season, and with new tracks poised for 2023, it could be removed from the calendar. A race in Las Vegas has been confirmed for next year and the Kyalami circuit in South Africa looks likely to return. China and Qatar are also set to come back, but there is a 24-track limit for next season, meaning speculation around the Belgian Grand Prix's future is only growing. But what do F1 legends think? In July, four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel said it was "wrong on so many levels" that Spa could go. The German also argued that, given the race was abandoned due to weather conditions in 2021, there is extra incentive to keep Spa on the calendar. Vettel said: “That [losing the Belgian GP] would be a shame. I have no vote in this but my vote would be to go to Spa, especially after what happened last year." "People paid their money and then the rain, there was no race, no refund. I think that was one of the opportunities where we need to be bigger as a sport to thank the fans that we had." "But it would be wrong to lose Spa on so many levels.” Former world champion Jenson Button strongly opposes any suggestion that Spa should be ditched. Speaking earlier this month, he said he would be "very upset" if the circuit doesn't stay. On the WTF1 podcast, he said: “If Spa isn’t there I’ll be very upset. “If you take away Spa, it’s for other reasons, not because it’s not a good circuit. It’s one of the best in the world, the racing’s amazing, the drivers love it and the teams love going there. “We have to be a little bit careful. We know Formula 1 is entertainment and a certain TV show [Drive to Survive on Netflix] has made it very famous in America, which is great for the sport. “But we need to make sure we keep the racing exciting and going to circuits that give us great racing because you’re going to see happy drivers." READ MORE: Verstappen seeking Belgian GP feat at Spa Hamilton has never achieved Button's comments have been echoed by many of the current Formula 1 drivers in recent days. World champion and Red Bull driver, Max Verstappen, has said this week that "it would be a big shame to lose Spa" adding: "It's my favourite track in the world." Verstappen is half-Belgian, as is British driver Lando Norris. He also wants to see the track remain on the calendar. The McLaren man said this week: "I think it's just an amazing track in a Formula 1 car. I think Spa should always be there as long as Formula 1 exists." Red Bull Team Principal Christian Horner called for Spa and other "historic races" to be "ring-fenced." He said that circuits such as Spa, Monza in Italy and Silverstone in the UK should be protected because of their historical significance in the sport. Spa has held races since 1950, the fourth season Formula 1 season. DON'T MISSLando Norris issues stern response to claims Spa could miss calendar [INSIGHT]F1 London: Concept for capital’s Grand Prix REVEALED [ANALYSIS]Verstappen was labelled 'high risk' before F1 icon offered apology [INSIGHT] F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali has been travelling around the world holding talks with various countries over the chance to host grand prix next year. He hasn't confirmed anything yet, and this week Domenicali said nothing has been decided yet. He hinted that there is competition from other circuits but that "discussions are still on." Domenicali said: “You never saw something [from] me saying that Belgium will be the last year. “I would be prudent on that comment, I would say, I would be very prudent. That's the only thing I would say. It's true that we are working and discussing with other promoters to see if they're ready for a full commitment already. “There has been always a point that we have discussed to find the mix of the races where we're going to have at least one-third in Europe, one-third in the Far East area, and the other one in the Americas and Middle East. So we want to be balanced. “Of course, we're talking about a business where investment, the financial contribution, is very important, but we have always said that the traditional races, the races that we know they cannot bring the money that the others are bringing, have a full respect from us. “So you will see that this will be respected also, not only this year, but also in the future. With Belgium, discussions are still on.”