Three of the four lanes are closed clockwise between J18 for Rickmansworth and J19 for Watford, after a lorry caught fire on the road, with emergency services rushing to put it out. Meanwhile, one lane is closed anticlockwise on the M25 between J6 Godstone and Clacket Lane Services, after a collision involving a number of cars, with one car overturned. Hertfordshire Police and Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service are in attendance at the lorry that caught fire between J18 and J19. The fire sends thick smoke into the sky, as seen in the pictures. By 8am, delays in traffic reach 60 minutes. The service urged motorists to take care as they approach the scene, and allow extra time for their journey. In an update on Twitter, National Highways said: "There are currently 3 (of 4) lanes closed on the #M25 clockwise between J18 and J19 due to a vehicle fire. "@HertsPolice and @HFRS are in attendance. "There are currently 25 minute delays on approach, please take care, allow extra time and have a safe journey." On its side, Hertfordshire Police urged people to avoid the road due to the incident. The force said in a Twitter update: "Please avoid the #M25 clockwise between junctions 18 -19. It is closed due to a lorry being on fire." Bypassing motorists were alerted in view of the flames that had wrapped the lorry. One driver with the handle @IamGassManwrote on Twitter: "I just saw a whole truck completely on fire on my way to Heathrow. "The driver just about managed to slow down and stop. I hope he managed to get out safely. "You don't see this often in real life. I was a bit shaken. #M25fire" Another driver with the handle @BigestPaul said that there was "serious" heat felt as he passed by the flaming vehicle.  He posted a picture of the fire and wrote: "Pic taken from a still of my dash cam. The heat as I passed was serious expect the road to be damaged." Meanwhile, in a picture from motorway cameras, multiple vehicles appear to have collided with one car overturned next to the barriers. It is not known yet if anyone was injured in the collision. Two of the four lanes have closed in order for emergency services to assist those involved and clear the incident. M25 CHAOS: Rush hour hell as Dartford Crossing lanes CLOSED