Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse, 41, has shared a poignant message with her 529,000 Instagram followers in which she opened up about feeling “sad and emotional”. The dancer also took the opportunity to urge her fans to “ask for help” and remember they are “never alone”. She wrote on Monday: “Remember last week I told you that I was a bit sad and emotional? I just want to thank the people who were there for me! “The most important message is we are never alone...It’s ok to ask for help.” Motsi then added that she will “talk about” what had upset her when she is “ready”. Just last week, Motsi shared a cryptic post about “listening to your inner voice” and trusting “intuition”. READ MORE:Paul O'Grady breaks silence on reason for BBC Radio exit Alongside an idyllic snap of herself on holiday, the BBC favourite penned: “When you take time to rest and start actually watching your thoughts, somethings you let pass you realise are the little voices that speak volumes.“Listen to your inner voice for it is a deep and powerful source of wisdom, beauty and truth.“Learn to trust it, trust your intuition, and in good time, answers to all you seek to know will come, and the path will open before you.”In a separate post shared the day before, Motsi said that she didn’t want to be “afraid of change” and hoped to “venture out of the pond”. She wrote in a caption: “We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean.“Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better. Dear August, please be good to us.”It comes as Motsi has been confirmed as a returning judge on the upcoming series of Strictly Come Dancing.Also on the judging panel will be Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Anton Du Beke. DON'T MISSBrad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed[INSIGHT]Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini[PICTURES]Loose Women host Charlene White addresses viewers 'switching off'[NEWS] This year’s line-up includes 80s popstar Matt Goss, Kym Marsh, X Factor’s Fleur East and Countryfile’s Helen Skelton.Motsi previously opened up about what it is like to work on the BBC show and which of her fellow judges she is closest to. Describing her favourite thing about the show, Motsi told OK: “My favourite thing about being on Strictly is just the few seconds [before] the show begins and you can feel backstage everybody's heightened energy. “That live music goes on, every single time, goosebumps. Even now."What people actually do not know is behind the camera is there is so much love in this show. You just feel it the minute you walk in."