Gazprom, Moscow’s state-backed energy behemoth has sparked EU panic after announcing that it will once again completely halt the flow of gas through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline for three days. The bloc is scrambling to shore up its energy supplies, as fears grow that the Russian President could cut Europe off permanently by this winter. The EU is heavily reliant on Russian gas, accounting for 40 percent of its supplies in 2021  Gazprom has noted that the three-day shutdown, which will begin on August 31st, was due to maintenance work on the pipeline’s only remaining gas compressor It comes after the energy giant slashed gas deliveries flowing through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline last month, blaming maintenance issues held up by Western sanctions. Europe, on the other hand, claims the cut was a political move. The supply squeeze has seen the system operating at just 20 percent of its normal capacity on its route to Germany through the Baltic Sea, sparking fears of gas shortages and skyrocketing prices across Europe. Germany in particular has been dealt a major blow by these supply shortages, as the EU’s largest economy depended on Russian gas for 65 percent of its supply.  As the price of wholesale gas soared, Berlin was forced to give Uniper, the largest importer of Russian gas, a €15billion (£12.7billion) bailout as it was forced to buy gas at much higher prices. Now, as Gazprom’s exports to Europe plummet, Germany has been forced to trigger the second phase of an emergency plan, the final stage of which would involve gas rationing. But this comes as the EU scrambles to slash its dependency on Russian gas, as the bloc’s REPowerEU details the blueprint to wean it off Russian gas, which looks set to deal another blow for Gazprom. It involves diversifying its gas sources by purchasing supplies from alternative producers such as Middle Eastern nations. READ MORE:Octopus Energy hands lifeline to millions to save £840 on bills So far German efforts to shore up gas supplies have made some progress, with levels currently standing at 78.19 percent, slightly higher than the bloc’s overall 75.89 percent.Senior German politicians rejected Gazprom’s claim that the supply cut off was due to “maintenance work”, with many calling it a political decision. Kevin Kuehnert, a senior official in Chancellor Olaf Scholz's Social Democrats said: "I strongly suggest we spare ourselves the humiliation of always asking (Russian President Vladimir) Putin for something that we're not going to get. "The dependence on him has to end for once and all.”  This comes as Mr Scholz travelled to Canada to strike a new energy deal as Vladimir Putin vowed to cut off supplies to the EU further. Earlier this month he said that he wanted to strike a "reliable" relationship with Canada in a bid to reduce reliance on Russia for energy. He said: “We want to have a reliable network of industrial cooperation that makes use of the advantages Canada and Germany have." 