Gordon Ramsay is one of the most famous celebrity chefs in the world. He is set to join forces once again with fellow cooking connoisseurs Gino D'Acampo and Fred Siriex for another season of their ITV television series Road Trip. Though the chefs have had great success with their lighthearted travel show, they have all achieved incredible individual accomplishments too. Of the three chefs, which one has the biggest net worth? Gordon Ramsay has a net worth of $220million (approximately £181million) as of 2022, according to Celebrity Net Worth. According to the How Long to Cook Calculator, Gordon is the fourth richest celebrity chef in the world after Alan Wong, Kimbal Musk and Jamie Oliver. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says Though he initially dreamed of becoming a footballer, after an injury put his ambitions to an end he followed his passion for food. These days, Gordon is famous around the globe and has had hit television shows in the UK and the US. Some of his most famous television programmes include Hell's Kitchen, Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares and Next Level Chef. He has also been a host on the US version of Masterchef. Gordon has also opened numerous restaurants around the world since embarking on his career as a chef. He has restaurants in Dubai, Tokyo, London, New York City, Ireland Canada and, until 2015, West Hollywood at the celebrated London Hotel on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles. Although he's been awarded 16 Michelin stars throughout his career, he currently holds seven. Gino D'Acampo's net worth is estimated to be approximately $10million (£8million), according to Celebrity Net Worth. He rose to fame as the chef on ITV's This Morning but has gone on to be a well-loved celebrity chef in the UK. Born in Naples, Italy, Gino moved to London to work in The Orchard Restaurant in 1995. However, it wasn't until he was asked to guest present Great Food Live and UKTV Food that he got his first taste of TV fame. These days, Gino has a string of restaurants which specialise in Italian food, with pasta a key component of the menu. He owns Bontà Italia Ltd, a supplier of Italian ingredients and has worked with Tesco, producing Italian ready meals. His signature cheeky style is injected into his 12 cookbooks, and the chef currently holds three Michelin stars. DON'T MISSHoroscopes today - Russell Grant's star sign forecast for August 4 [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle’s staggering multimillion pound fortune exposed [REPORT]Where does Rishi Sunak live? A look at the PM hopeful's properties [REVEALED] Fred Sirieix shot to fame as the maître d'hôtel on the Channel 4 dating show First Dates and his success has been climbing ever since. The French chef is estimated to have a net worth well over £1million. In 2020 alone, his customer service company The Art of Service Ltd earned almost £500,000. He grew up in Limoges, France, and spent the beginning of his career working in a Michelin-starred restaurant. He later went on to work at La Tante Claire in London. Until 2019 he was the general manager of Michelin-starred restaurant Galvin at Windows at the London Hilton. Sirieix is the founder of National Waiters Day, the training tool the Art of Service, and the Galvin Cup and Galvin's Chance charities. In 2021 it was announced he would be dancing with Dianne Buswell that year's Strictly Come Dancing Christmas Special.