If you're a regular Rainbow Six Siege player, then chances are you're counting down the minutes to the start of the MUTE Protocol event. The upcoming Rainbow Six Siege update has an August 2 release date, and an early afternoon launch time. The Ubisoft event runs until August 23, so there's plenty of time to get stuck in and earn those new rewards. Speaking of new stuff, the headline feature is arguably the addition of the Arms Race to the Objective game mode. Ubisoft explains more: "At the start of each round, Attackers start with Smoke's FMG-9 and Defenders with Mute's MP5K. "After each kill, your weapon gets upgraded until you reach the last tier: the Golden Hammer, which is the only weapon that can destroy the objective. However, after each death, you weapon gets downgraded. There are 10 weapons in total so be ready to quickly change your playstyle! "The first Team who destroys the Brain Case with the Golden Hammer takes the round!" It's a best of three game mode, where each round is played on a different floor in the game's reskinned M.U.T.E. Comm Tower. The Arms Race to the Objective game mode isn't the only new addition coming to Rainbow Six Siege in the new update. Not only are there a host of new rewards and items, but fans can try the robotics and organics factions. The more you play, the more rewards you can unlock, including a brand new selection of Organics skins as part of the M.U.T.E. Protocol Collection. "The Collection features uniforms, headgears, weapon skins and Operator Card Portraits. "Additionally, the event also introduces the Merging Process Bundle, which contains a signature weapon skin, a universal attachment skin, charm, and Operator Card Background. "Bundles from the first M.U.T.E. Protocol event in 2020 are also available for players to purchase before it leaves the store again. Additionally, players who purchased one or multiple bundles from the 2020 M.U.T.E Protocol event are granted a free corresponding Operator Card for each bundle." The good news is that there are plenty of ways to unlock the various rewards. You can complete challenges, or purchase them for R6 Credits or Renown.