 Often when wealthy individuals die, those they leave behind become enthralled with disputes and feuds over the will. So when it was discovered that celebrated actor Chadwick Boseman, who died two years ago today, didn’t have a will, many expected a borderline war for his millions and incredible legacy.  It is not uncommon for families and friends of celebrated individuals to dispute the will of their famous loved one. From Robin Williams to Nelson Mandela, many celebrities’ estates have suffered the same fate, but they do usually start with a will as guidance. Boseman, unfortunately, did not have one in order by the time of his death in 2020. The star had been battling colon cancer for four years but kept his health issues far from the public eye. This made his death all that much more shocking for fans as the rising star was just 43.  1659372  He is not the only celebrity to have foregone a will, with other famed individuals like Prince and Amy Winehouse leaving behind no instructions for their millions either. When a will is not present, the decision-making powers mostly lie with the courts. Usually it is doled out between close family members, like spouses and children, before looking at wider family, friends and other notable individuals. The Gods of Egypt actor was worth an estimated $4 million (£3.4 million) at the time of his death according to Celebrity Net Worth, leaving plenty to be divided between his loved ones. In October 2020, Boseman’s widow Taylor Simone Ledward requested to be made administrator of his estate, although with limited authority.  The couple had a quiet relationship before getting married in 2018 and never got the chance to have children as Boseman died barely two years later. ET Online reported that his estate will be split between Ledward and Boseman’s parents, as his widow requested. It was reported that the value of his estate was $3.8 million (£3.23 million) and there were not any disputes or conflicts between his remaining loved ones. While this is a relatively positive outcome, as many other families of those that die without a will end up in turmoil, the lacking will came at a very high cost. His estate reportedly spent a lot more in legal fees than it would have if he had arranged a will before his death.  The rest of the $3.8million (£3.23million) fortune after the legal fees have been taken off will be split with 50 percent going to Ledward and 25 percent going to each of his parents. Alongside his millions, Ledward inherited the heavy burden of trying to continue Boseman’s legacy in Hollywood. In early 2021 she accepted an award on Boseman’s behalf from the Gotham Awards and gave a tearful, heartwarming speech. She noted: “He was able to give himself over fully in every moment, to be totally present in his own life and the lives of people he became. “He was blessed to live many lives within his concentrated one.” Boseman’s role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe as T’Challa, or Black Panther, launched him into international stardom.  His death devastated fans who were expecting many more films and potential series to cover the superhero, but work on the next Black Panther film continued. His co-star Lupita Nyong’o shared with The Hollywood Reporter that filming Black Panther: Wakanda Forever has been a therapeutic experience. She said: “To make this film against all odds is a powerful statement unto itself, and I am very proud that we did it. “It restored a sense of hope for me in making it, and I think we’ve expanded the world of Wakanda in ways that will blow people’s minds.” Long before he donned the vigilante suit, Boseman championed historical black figures in biographical films. Most notably, he portrayed the iconic singer James Brown in the musical biography Get On Up and the first black athlete in Major League Baseball Jackie Robinson in 42.