Actress Carol Burnett debuted as Marion in Better Call Saul recently in the episode Nippy. She also appeared in last week’s Breaking Bad and will be again reprising the role of Marion in this week’s instalment Waterworks, according to IMDb. However, it’s not clear if she is also going to the in the series finale titled Saul Gone. Marion was the elderly mother of cab driver Jeff (played by Pat Healy), who assisted Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) in scamming rich people to get some quick cash together. Carol Burnett was born San Antonio, Texas on April 26, 1933, and is 89-years-old. The American national treasure is not only an actress but also a singer, comedian and writer, who first rose to prominence thanks to her sketch show The Carol Burnett Show. Burnett’s programme was pioneering and the first of its kind to be hosted by a female presenter. Her casting in Better Call Saul was announced earlier this year with Burnett saying in an AMC statement: “I’m thrilled to be a part of my favorite [sic] show.” READ MORE: What happened to Jimmy at the end of Breaking Bad? Speaking to Comicbook about Burnett joining the Better Call Saul, Nippy’s director Michelle MacLaren said: “I mean – she is an icon, and I was so excited to work with her. And she's absolutely everything you want Carol Burnett to be and more. “She is just a beautiful soul. She is so brilliant, so talented, so kind, so collaborative. She's super-generous with her stories, stories that are so groundbreaking and glass ceiling-breaking and all of those things and she's so humble about it. And she's funny! She's Carol Burnett, right? She's so funny." MacLaren said Burnett was “super smart” and an “absolute dream” to work with. Some of her more recent roles have also included TV series Mad About You, Hawaii Five-0, All Together Now, and Hot in Cleveland. According to IMDb, she will next be starring in the TV series Mrs American Pie which is in pre-production. Burnett’s most prominent roles include parts in Miss Hannigan in Annie, Dotty Otley/Mrs Clack in Noises Off… , and Peg Mullen in Friendly Fire. During her career, she’s been nominated for 23 Emmy Awards with has won six gongs. Additionally, she has18 Golden Globes, walking away with seven for these, as well as three Tonys and Grammys. In terms of her music career, Burnett has recorded solo and duet albums, which have including performing with Julie Andrews and Martha Raye. She has also recorded tracks for the Annie soundtrack as well as Follies: In Concert, Sherry!, and Once Upon A Matter, among others. Burnett has written several books including three memoirs This Time Together, Carrie and Me, and In Such Good Company. She has also written a play called Hollywood Terms with her daughter Carrie Hamilton. DON'T MISS...Devin Ratray: What else has Better Call Saul actor starred in? [EXPLAINER]Gus Fring death: How did Gus Fring die? [INSIGHT]Julia Clark Downs title card: Who was Better Call Saul star? [ANALYSIS] Speaking to Vanity Fair, Burnett previously said about how she survived lockdown during the pandemic, saying: “My husband and I live in Santa Barbara. We do crossword puzzles. We read. We watch television. We go for walks. We have a cat. Her name is Nikki. We named her after St. Nicholas, because she was born on Christmas. Tomorrow, we’re going to have brunch with some neighbors [sic]. “But I’m still very careful. I’m also going to be working in August. I’m going to do a guest shot on Better Call Saul. It’s their final season. I’m in the last few episodes. It’ll be on next year.” Burnett continued: “And then we’re talking about doing a movie with Julie Andrews, Lily Tomlin, Jane Fonda, and me. “So, that’s kind of in the works. I’m assuming we would start that early next year.” Better Call Saul series 6 concludes on AMC and Netflix