Barcelona are interested in signing Arsenal star Hector Bellerin after missing out on Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta, according to reports. Bellerin is not an immediate priority for Barca but is a deal they could look to complete once other deals are finalised. The Spain right-back does not have a future at Arsenal. He and his representatives have been holding talks regarding the possible termination of his contract at the Emirates. If Bellerin were to leave, it would be a boost to Gunners defender William Saliba. The Frenchman would likely take Bellerin's No 2 shirt, the jersey he wore during his successful loan spell at Marseille last term. Bellerin would like to return to Real Betis, the club he spent last season on loan at. But the La Liga side are not yet in a financial position to re-sign him. Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo claims Bellerin does not want to be released by the Gunners until he has a firm move lined up. He will therefore wait until a resolution arrives over his future. Transfer news LIVE: Rashford view on PSG, Chelsea's Fofana pressure, De Jong latest  The report says Barca have been offered the chance to sign the 27-year-old. Barca have not ruled out a move but he is not a priority signing at present. Manager Xavi is focusing on other deals but is keen on signing a right-back before the end of the window. Azpilicueta was the top target and was keen on making the move to La Liga. However, he has instead penned a new contract at Chelsea. Explaining why he rejected Barca, Azpilicueta said: “Yes the conversations were there [with Barcelona]. “After the Club World Cup, where I became the only player to ever win every trophy, I felt it was the time to go back. DON'T MISSArsenal interest in Pino causes 'shocking' dressing room reactionDe Jong agent's social media activity drops clear Man Utd and Chelsea hintMan Utd 'offer' Barcelona first-choice star as part of swap in fresh talks  "But then everything happened with this club. I wanted to stay committed to the club. I never did anything against my club. Barca are long-term admirers of Bellerin and he has previously been keen on a return to the club he spent eight years in the academy at before joining Arsenal in 2011. Mundo Deportivo says Barca were interested in signing Bellerin as recently as last summer. But manager Ronald Koeman, who has since been sacked, blocked the deal. Bellerin made 32 appearances at Betis last season. The last of his five Spain caps came in 2020, so perhaps a move to Barca could push his case for further international recognition. 