Arsenal could have another couple of William Saliba scenarios on their hands come next summer. Both Folarin Balogun and Nuno Tavares could return as better players following their respective loan spells in France. Saliba has had an exceptional first three games in an Arsenal shirt. The defender had his most successful loan spell away from the club last season, with his performances for Marseille earning him a first call-up and caps for the senior France side. Despite speculation over his future earlier in the summer, Gunners boss Mikel Arteta has maintained the player was a part of his plans. There was undoubted potential in Saliba following his £27million arrival from Saint-Etienne in 2019. However, he now looks a far more polished player in his first few appearances for Arsenal. Ben White has had to settle for playing at right-back and could lose his spot in the team altogether once Takehiro Tomiyasu is ready to start. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong plan, Chelsea Barca threat, Zaniolo to Spurs  And in Balogun and Tavares, there are two other players who could return to the Emirates ready to become established members of Arteta's squad. Balogun has been a prolific goalscorer at youth level for both Arsenal and England. However, his game time at his boyhood club has been limited. A loan to Middlesbrough in the second half of last season gave him regular minutes but he scored just three goals having played the majority of the time out of position. Balogun joined French side Reims on loan, turning down interest from English clubs. He wants to be the main striker and has had a great start to life in Ligue 1. After scoring as a substitute on his debut against Marseille, the New York-born star netted in his next two matches as a starter. He has become the first player since Jacques Vergnes in August 1975 to score in his first three games for Reims. DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesArsenal make Pedro Neto new 'priority' after lengthy Mendes talksArsenal may have Wenger to thank if Pedro Neto completes late transfer  Meanwhile, Tavares has had a fine start to his time on loan at Saliba's former club Marseille. The left-back scored on his first two appearances, helping Igor Tudor's side to two wins from three games so far. The Portuguese ace burst onto the scene at Arsenal at the beginning of last season following his arrival from Benfica. He even kept Kieran Tierney out of the side for a number of weeks. However, he suffered a dramatic drop in confidence in the second half of the campaign and was often left out by Arteta despite Tierney being absent through injury. Tavares has all the tools to be a top player, they just need to be fine-tuned. Balogun in particular is a player Arsenal fans would love to succeed. And if both players can keep up their current form, Arteta will have two more 'Salibas' he can add to his squad next season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here