Jennie Platt, 44, has only just recovered sufficiently from her injuries to be discharged from hospital after the “shocking” incident last month. Friends of the mother of two claim 6ft 3in Bibey, who was 17st, turned on her after they went back to the Hotel Continentale following a night of heavy drinking in Florence on July 16. The couple, both estate agents and together for three years, had arrived in the Italian city only hours earlier from Manchester. Jennie is said to have run down the hotel corridor shouting: “Help me.” Her lawyer Stefano Goldstein said: “She was the victim of terrible assault and needed several operations during a lengthy stay in hospital. “She has cooperated fully with the authorities. We expect the case to be closed within the next few days but for Jennie the trauma of what happened will not end as she will need medical care in England. She needs a special medical flight to repatriate her. “Jennie has explained to the police Ricky was completely out of control and he had attacked her. Hopefully, she can try to rebuild her life.” A family friend said: “Jennie is devastated. She was the victim of a shocking and violent attack in the hotel room at the hands of the man she had a long-term relationship with. “She is a strong woman who runs a successful business and she is desperately trying to come to terms with Ricky’s actions before his death. “She has been doing all she can to help the Italian authorities piece together what happened that night, speaking to them as a witness and as a victim of a domestic assault.” Officers waited more than a week to talk to Jennie due to her injuries. A post-mortem revealed Bibey, who retired from the sport in 2012, died from a heart attack. Though toxicology results have yet to be confirmed, police said: “We know he had taken cocaine and alcohol in the hours leading up to his death.” Pals say the ex-player – who made 215 appearances for five clubs as well as playing three games for England A – had suffered mental health issues in the past six months. One friend said: “He had been in and out of various centres – and this trip was to try to get him back on track, but it ended in tragedy. “Ricky was respected in rugby but Jennie is lucky to be with us after the attack. She has several serious injuries, including one to her eye socket. “She is in a wheelchair and has been staying in the city.” A police source in Florence said: “It’s clear she was the victim of a violent attack.” 