Prince Andrew, the Duke of York’s daughters Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie have been described as perfect for the modern Monarchy by a royal commentator. Jonathan Sacerdoti claimed the sisters have "not put a foot wrong" and that they would be perfect in a “slimmed-down” Royal Family.  He told Express.co.uk last week: “I think that's an important symbol of the fact that, in today's age, most people necessarily support the idea of a very large extended family working only as royals. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice 'clashed' with Eugenie over Meghan and Harry snub “I think an important part of the Royal Family maintaining its support among the nation is that it's seen to pull its weight.” He added: “I think they don't tend to put a foot wrong in terms of embarrassing the family. “And yet where they're involved in the family, they seem to act appropriately and respectfully.”  Beatrice and Eugenie are 10th and 12th in line to the throne respectively and despite having HRH titles are not full-time royals. Both have jobs outside the Firm but make appearances at royal events and perform some public engagements to support the monarchy. In a poll that ran from midday on Tuesday, August 2, to 10am on Monday, August 8, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Beatrice and Eugenie be included in a slimmed-down monarchy?” A total of 11,035 people responded with the vast majority, 78 percent (8,579 people) said “no”, the York sisters should not be included in a slimmed-down monarchy. Meanwhile, 20 percent (2,257 people) said “yes” they should, and a further two percent (199 people) said they did not know.   Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers debated Beatrice and Eugenie’s roles in the Royal Family. Many readers argued that Beatrice and Eugenie did not have a role in a slimmed-down monarchy. Username chieftain2000 said: “If Charles is planning on trimming the hangers-on right back, he should consider starting with these two.” Username DEBBS said: “I'd prefer every single York to be kept well in the background, so no.”  Another, username Yorkshire lass 2 said: “Absolutely not. It's hardly slimmed-down if they are added. “The only reason they haven't embarrassed the Royal Family is because they don't do official engagements, only non-official events.” And username BristolGal0629 said: “We/The Monarchy have done OK without them so far so why should that change?” Meanwhile, others argued that they should maintain their positions in the Firm. DON'T MISS: Where does Princess Beatrice live? Inside her palace life [INSIGHT]William and Harry will 'go separate ways' as reconciliation 'doubtful' [LATEST]Andrew was in 'extremely good spirits' after disastrous interview [ANALYSIS]  Username inmyopinion said: “l strongly believe the York girls [should] indeed be included in the slimmed-down monarchy. “Regardless of their financial and marital status, regardless of their ill- reputable father’s behaviour, they themselves have been proven worthy of a rightful position in the royal working family.” Username ExMilitaryExPat said: “The York ladies have done nothing wrong. They have supported their Granny, turned up to help at occasions where a royal presence has been wanted and needed, never put a foot wrong, and are charming and dutiful.” While username peterbraithewaite wrote: “I see no issue with them representing the monarchy at charity events and things like that they have done nothing wrong. Charles needs to be careful with his slimmed-down monarchy.”