The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were warned to “give up their favourite perk” after royal expert Daniela Elser fumed about their “two-month long summer break”. Writing for news.com.au, she said: “It's time for the Cambridges to give up this royal perk. They can't have their nearly 100 days of holiday per year and still try to sell themselves as the Duke and Duchess of Relatability.”  But express.co.uk spoke exclusively to a royal expert who slammed the critic as “bitter and sad” and asked “is she allergic to fun?” Kinsey Schofield praised Kate and William’s holiday habits as she said they are providing their children, Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, a “healthy, loving environment”. Schofield, who runs the To Di For Daily podcast, added: “I could not disagree more with Daniela Elser. Is she allergic to fun? You know what is relatable? Trying to provide your children with a healthy, loving, environment. Royal watchers are not idiots. We know that William and Catherine are privileged. "That is part of the mystique. Do we get bitter when they vacay? No.”  Members of the Royal Family typically take a break from public duties over the summer, with the Queen choosing to stay at her Scottish Balmoral home. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to make a visit to the home this summer. Despite this, William and Kate have been seen a number of times over the last few weeks, with their most recent appearance being at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham on Tuesday, August 2. Daniela Elser said: “There's no way around it: William and Kate have a holiday problem.  READ MORE: Kate and Prince William urged to 'give up favourite perk' “The issue here is that just because they can take months of the year off and that traditionally members of the royal family have, does not mean they should.” But Schofield hit back saying “there is absolutely no validity to this argument”. She added: “The fact that they take time off, while they are in the position to do so, to spend more time with their children is admirable. "Quite frankly, they spend much more time with their children than Prince Charles or Queen Elizabeth did. How can we criticise that? They have made their priority the positive development of their children. If that means one-on-one time with their babies on a beach... I'm all for it! DON'T MISS:Kate ditches engagement ring for Games [PICTURES]Kate and William to show Harry and Meghan who 'the real royals are' [COMMENT]Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [INSIGHT]  “It sounds like Daniela Elser needs a vacation and then maybe she won't be so bitter and sad.” Kate Middleton has also been seen at the Great Britain Sail Grand Prix while Prince William attended the Women’s World Cup Final on Sunday. Schofield said: “The idea that a mother of three could be lazy is absolutely insulting.” 