The Court of Appeal yesterday rejected a bid to postpone the ending of the 12-year-old boy’s treatment. Judges also refused to grant permission to appeal against their ruling at the UK’s highest court, the Supreme Court. But reports suggest Archie’s parents, Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, will make an application for permission to appeal themselves. Archie was left in a comatose state after being found unconscious with a ligature over his head on April 7. He has not regained consciousness since this time. Doctors have said it was not in his best interests for life-support treatment to be continued. The High Court yesterday considered, and rejected a request from the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons With Disabilities to keep Archie alive so its case could be heard. Archie’s care was due to end at 2pm on Monday at the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel. Judges refused to postpone the withdrawal of his treatment beyond midday today. READ MORE: Global financial crash alert as China's property sector faces collapse He said: "It is not part of the law of the United Kingdom... and it is not appropriate for this court to apply an unincorporated international treaty into its decision-making process.” Sir Andrew added: “Every day that [Archie] continues to be given life-sustaining treatment is contrary to his best interests and, so, a stay, even for a short time, is against his best interests." DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] She said she would “continue to fight for Archie”. Alistair Chesser, Chief Medical Officer for Barts Health NHS Trust, noted that unless directed otherwise by the Supreme Court, his staff will end Archie’s care at midday today. He said: "Our heartfelt sympathies and condolences remain with Archie's family at this difficult time. "We are following the direction of the courts, so no changes will be made to Archie's care whilst the family appeal to the Supreme Court, though we will prepare to withdraw treatment after midday unless directed otherwise."