Tottenham are reportedly set to deny Ruslan Malinovskyi his ‘dream’ move to the club this summer, despite Antonio Conte’s desire to sign an attack-minded midfielder. The Atalanta star was fond of the idea of a move to north London but now appears unlikely to be granted his transfer wish. Conte was vocal about his desire to orchestrate a mass overhaul of Spurs this summer, and the former Chelsea boss has done exactly that. He has welcomed seven new signings to the club this summer and offloaded several players who are now surplus to requirements - and the manager would like to continue that trend in the coming days. Tottenham are keen to sign another attacker before the transfer window closes despite the arrival of Richarlison from Everton earlier this summer. Atalanta star Malinovskyi was heavily linked with the club, though L’Equipe now reports that Spurs have withdrawn from the race to sign the 29-year-old. The Ukraine international would have been a versatile acquisition by Tottenham given his ability to play on the wing and as a No 10, but the club have decided against signing the winger. If an alternative is not signed, Spurs fans will be disappointed that Malinovskyi was not pursued – especially as the player was reportedly keen to join them in the Premier League. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer news LIVE: Antony announcement, Ten Hag 'rejected', De Jong in England Earlier this summer, Fabrizio Romano revealed that the former Genk star was dreaming of the move. Speaking on his Here We Go podcast, he said: “Many Spurs fans asking about Malinovskyi because it’s true that Ruslan Malinovskyi dreams of Tottenham. He would love to join Tottenham. So on the player’s side, the message is pretty clear.” However, it was stressed that even at that time, Spurs had not submitted an offer for the playmaker. Instead, Marseille were cited as those with a concrete proposal on the table – but the offer was not accepted. Tottenham will undoubtedly have their eye on other targets now, with Wolves winger Adama Traore being considered as well as Leeds forward Daniel James. However, Conte was coy about which players he would like to bring in earlier this week when asked whether he is expecting more arrivals, he said: “I spoke with the club. I spoke with Paratici, with Daniel Levy, I said to them my opinion. But as you know very well, the most important thing is for the club to know my opinion. If we do something or not, it’s ok.”