Pictures show the car in flames with traffic at a standstill on the motorway near Brighouse. Emergency services shut the busy route, meaning drivers have been trapped for over one hour.   The crash is believed to have occurred at the westbound entry slip road at junction 25. A West Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: "At 5.11pm today (Monday), police received a report of a vehicle which was in collision with the central reservation on the M62 Westbound carriageway, close to Junction 25. "Emergency services attended and established the collision involved two cars – a Lamborghini Aventador and a Mazda CX-5. Two people from the Lamborghini have been taken to hospital for further treatment. "No other injuries were reported and enquiries are ongoing at the scene. A road closure is currently in place and motorists are being advised to avoid the area at this time." READ MORE: Octopus Energy hands lifeline to millions to save £840 on bills   National Highways said: "The M62 is closed westbound near Brighouse between J25-J24 following a serious collision and a vehicle fire. "West Yorkshire Police, Fire and Rescue and Ambulance are at the scene and dealing with the incident. National Highway Traffic Officers are assisting with traffic management. "At this stage it is unclear how long the carriageway will be closed for, but [it] is expected to remain closed for a number of hours." Motorists were being diverted around the incident as all lanes had been closed. One motorist told Examiner Live: "I've been on for nearly an hour and have moved from Chain bar roundabout slip road to Hartshead Moor Services." National Highways reported that traffic had backed up six miles from junction 25 towards junction 26. There are two diversion routes due to height restrictions on one of the routes.  Some football fans stuck in the traffic took to Twitter to ask for the Manchester United vs Liverpool game to be delayed. Graeme Barnfather (@GraemeBarnfath1) said: "Many fans are stuck on the M62 for tonight’s game. "M62 crash please delay the match for the fans who have paid good money!! Manchester United v Liverpool please retweet!!" Sean Brown (@SeanleebrownUK) added: "Gary Neville, [I am] stuck on M62 major crash!!!!! Get the game delayed please!!!!!!" DON'T MISS:Wasp invasion fears: UK 'under attack' from German 'yellowjackets' [REPORT]Donna Summer: 'Queen of Disco' died due to 'serious' disease [INSIGHT]Italian voters doomed despite far-right projected win at next election [ANALYSIS]    The game is being played at Old Trafford in Manchester. It kicked off at 8pm. The M62 connects Liverpool to Hull via Manchester, Bradford and Leeds. National Highways gave an update at 8.13pm. It said: "The M62 westbound between J25-J24 remains closed following the earlier serious collision. 