Last month, Prince Harry appeared at the UN headquarters, where he gave a speech to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. During the speech, Harry appeared to criticise the US Supreme Court’s decision to overturn the landmark 1973 Roe v Wade. Speaking on GB News, The Sun's former royal correspondent, Charles Rae discussed Harry's comments and claimed that he is "sick and tired" of the Duke, who stepped down as a member of the Royal Family in 2020, who has "gone a step too far", particularly with his recent comments. Speaking of Harry's decision to comment on Roe v Wade, Mr Rae said: "I think he's gone a stage too far, on a number of occasions". The royal expert, speaking to host Nana Akua, added: "First of all, he should not be commenting on the politics of a foreign country, in any case. "He shouldn't even be doing it in the UK. "[He] certainly shouldn't be doing it in America, where he is a, you know, visitor.", adding, depite him "living there". READ MORE: Carole Middleton lets slip adorable clue on Prince George's private party with mum Kate Mr Rae also hit out at Prince Harry linking the Roe v Wade decision "to the war in Ukraine". He added: "It's quite wrong for him to do that sort of thing. "I'm sick and tired of Harry and his woke ways in everything that he says and does. "This lad, he was a great bloke, he bought in Meghan Markle, who appeared to be a great couple together. READ MORE: Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life' after 'dumbfounded' meeting "They were loved, very much, by Britain and the rest of the world. "They, then, decided to throw a hissy fit, through their toys out the pram and go and live in America. "Then Oprah came along and that opened a new can of worms." He concluded: "I think he's just lost his way", adding and "[He] seems to have thrown everything away for this life. DON'T MISS "I don't think it's going to last that long". Prince Harry and Meghan, after almost two years of marriage, decided to step down as senior royals. They now reside in the US with their two young children, Archie and Lilibet. READ NEXT: "I don't think it's going to last that long".