Novak Djokovic is still waiting to hear whether he will be allowed to compete at this year’s US Open, with the tournament set to get underway next Monday. The 21-time Grand Slam champion hasn’t been vaccinated against COVID-19 and was banned from the Australian Open at the start of the year. With Djokovic’s place at Flushing Meadows still up in the air, Express Sport takes a look at what’s been said and what the latest developments are. July 20 | Djokovic’s hopes suffer a blow In mid-July, Djokovic’s hopes of playing at the US Open suffered a blow when tournament chiefs confirmed they would respect the US government’s COVID-19 rules, as reported by publications including The Guardian. The regulations meant that all non-citizens of the US had to be fully vaccinated against coronavirus to enter the country. “The US Open does not have a vaccination mandate in place for players, but it will respect the US government’s position regarding travel into the country for unvaccinated non-US citizens,” confirmed tournament organisers. August 2 | Petition to allow Djokovic to compete at the tournament At the start of August, Reuters reported that a petition was circulating that called for the 35-year-old to be allowed to play at the tournament. But the publication also revealed that the Serbian ace appeared likely to miss the entire north American hard court season if there wasn’t a sudden change in COVID-19 protocols in the United States and Canada. JUST IN: Djokovic gets US Open ban indication as tournament release protocols  August 11 | United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention relaxes regulations Earlier this month, the saga took another twist after the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued new guidelines relaxing rules on social distancing and quarantine. And the development was described by Tennis 365 as a “shot in the arm” for Djokovic. A CDC statement read: “This updated guidance is intended to apply to community settings. In the coming weeks, CDC will work to align stand-alone guidance documents, such as those for healthcare settings, congregate settings at higher risk of transmission, and travel, with today’s update.” DON'T MISS...US Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity matchRoger Federer hints that injury comeback is closer than everNadal concern shot down by tennis legend ahead of US Open title bid   August 21 | Djokovic gets further ban indication On Sunday, US Open organisers hinted that Djokovic’s ban would remain in place after they provided an update on their COVID-19 protocols, as reported by Express Sport. A statement on the tournament’s website read: “Please note that if you are travelling from abroad to attend the US Open, you must be fully vaccinated with the primary series of an accepted COVID vaccine to travel to the United States (this applies to non-U.S. citizens and/or non-U.S. immigrants).” And their statement suggested that they are expecting COVID-19 restrictions to remain. But Djokovic’s entry wasn’t completely ruled out as the statement continued: “COVID health and safety protocols for players (including any vaccination and/or testing requirements) are being evaluated and will be made at a later date taking into account guidance from US, New York State and New York City governmental and health authorities.” 