West Ham target Piotr Zielinski is being pushed out of Napoli, according to reports. The Pole's situation is similar to that of Frenkie de Jong, who Barcelona are looking to move on this summer. Manchester United want to sign De Jong and have an agreement with Barca. The La Liga giants are keen on raising money by selling the Dutch midfielder but he maintains he wants to stay at the Nou Camp. And it appears Napoli feel similarly about Zielinski. Italian outlet Il Mattino claims West Ham have made an offer of around £33.5million (€40m) for the 28-year-old. The report says Napoli cannot afford to reject the offer for Zielinski. There has been a long telephone meeting regarding the player's future and he is being pushed to say yes to the Hammers. Like Barca, Napoli want to raise funds to make signings of their own. Zielinski is claimed to want £5.5m per season in wages on a four-year contract if he did leave. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offered Chelsea target, De Jong latest, Newcastle negotiations  But, like De Jong, Corriere dello Sport, via Sport Witness, claims Zielinski continues to reject offers from West Ham. Zielinski joined Napoli from Udinese in 2016 and is closing in on 300 appearances in all competitions for the Italian side. Zielinski has played no fewer than 35 games in a single Serie A season since signing for Napoli. That reliability has seemingly caught the eye of David Moyes. The Hammers have signed four players so far this summer. Italy striker Gianluca Scamacca was the latest player through the door at just over £30m. Defender Nayef Aguerd joined for a similar amount from Stade Rennais. Alphonse Areola had his loan move made permanent, while Flynn Downes has arrived from Swansea. DON'T MISSIan Wright makes Premier League request in passionate speech after England gloryEngland star Mead cracks joke at Ian Wright's expense after interview delayEngland stars gatecrash Wiegman press conference with 'it's coming home'  Eintracht Frankfurt winger Filip Kostic is a target alongside Zielinski. Hammers assistant coach Paul Nevin spoke after Saturday's friendly draw against Lens. And he confirmed Moyes was still in the market for new signings. Nevin said: "The manager is always looking to improve the team. "We did amazing things last season, but if you stand still you fall behind. Again, it’s part of the work we’re doing that we’re looking to continually improve the squad." Moyes' side face a daunting task on the opening day of the Premier League season, as defending champions Manchester City visit east London next Sunday. 