The Sandman is on Netflix now and the series follows Dream, also known as Morpheus, as he rebuilds his fallen kingdom. Tom Sturridge was the first choice to play Morpheus and he has gone down a huge hit with fans. Creators Neil Gaiman and Allan Heinberg spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the casting. Tom Sturridge was drawn to the fantasy genre of The Sandman, describing his character's kingdom as the equivalent of Hogwarts or Narnia. He described the experience as thrilling but was nervous about portraying such a beloved character. The pressure may have been daunting, but he was always the number one choice for the role. Creator Neil Gaiman said from the first email they received from their casting director, they knew Tom would be the one. He said: "We expected very quickly to have a list of a dozen who were every bit as much our first choice as Tom, and we never did. READ MORE: Is The Sandman connected to Lucifer? "We saw more and more people, by the end of it we had seen well over a thousand auditions. "[The casting director] must have seen many thousands and Tom was never anything other than our first choice all the way." Screenwriter Allan Heinberg said people would often research the comic book character ahead of their audition. He explained: "Dream seems like a very commanding, cold, unfeeling, emotionally distant entity. "And what Tom understood and brought it from the very beginning is that is only sort of half true. READ MORE: Jenna Coleman once linked to Prince Harry – 'Pretty awkward' "The reason that Dream has to be sort of emotionally withholding is that he feels everything. "He feels the hopes and dreams and nightmares of every creature all the time and so there is a depth of feeling you actually see in every frame. "The struggle, you know Tom is feeling everything and deciding that it's too powerful to let it out. "I don't know that we even saw another actor who understood that dynamic and that is something we never had to tell Tom. "He brought that to the table and understood it so profoundly, it was just infused in every second of his performance." DON'T MISS... ‘It hurt’ Nina Wadia on pain of making The Sandman for Netflix [INTERVIEW] The Sandman backlash: Comic fans slam ‘disappointing’ first-look [DISCUSSION] Game of Thrones’ Gwendoline Christie details role in The Sandman [INSIGHT] The writer said the lines sounded completely natural coming from Tom, adding: "And the sly sense of humour, and he's beautiful." Gaiman said Tom's stage and theatre background helped him appreciate the Shakespearan elements of the show. He said: "He wasn't trying to turn those lines into something they weren't. "He was completely comfortable with the formality and the archaism of the lines and let them be what they were and as Allan says, they sound utterly natural." The series also welcomes newcomer Vanesu Samunyai, who plays Rose Walker. READ MORE: Who is The Corinthian in The Sandman? Rose has a special connection to Dream and Vanesu said she provides a "human perspective". She added: "I think she also has a non-human quality to her which was fun to play with. "It was nice to be that regular person and it provides that balance because it's fantasy, but it explores so many themes. "It ties us to the waking world in a personal way and you are experiencing what she is learning about. "It was fun just to be someone who was not consciously destroying things."  The Sandman is on Netflix now.