It is all very well saying that it has occurred during a recess when Whitehall and Westminster picks up its buckets and spades. But it does not give an impression of dynamism or even concern about the country’s many problems. To cap it all, the deposed leader, Boris Johnson, has been having the time of his life partying in the grounds of a magnificent pile and then “honeymooning” on Slovenia. Talk about fiddling while Rome burns! I say this as one who has complained bitterly over the years that Britain expects far too much of its governments. They should only do what governments can do: protect the realm and the currency, uphold law and order and protect the young and weak. It would not look so bad if the Government were making a good fist of any of those essentials. But our defences need repairing to meet the Communist threat. The economy is in a weak state after the pandemic. Criminals are on the rampage and the NHS is in danger of falling apart while the anti-social media and some educators do their best to warp young minds. It is sadly true that for all too long things have been going downhill. It is no consolation that Europe may be in a worse state. Nothing seems to work any more. I put this down simply to decadence. For all the supposed “austerity” of the last decade we have had it too good for too long. Now we are floundering after being hit by the pandemic and the war in the Ukraine. Self indulgence is the order of the day by those who have it. Just look at the public sector unions pursuing class war and the ludicrous perks and bonuses being chucked at the top brass in industry and commerce. Do they not know there is a war on and the Bank of England is forecasting a recession? We have gone soft in the head as evidenced by the pathetic response of the average organization to some snowflake who complains of being offended. Why, we can no longer cherish Dick Turpin in the criminal ranks. From now on he must be called Richard. On the one hand working from home (WFH) is endemic in the Civil Service even though essential services such as passport, road and driver licensing and granting of power of attorney are in disarray. And on the other we have banks closing down branches at a rate of knots, regardless of those who are not computer literate, while countless organisations assure us they value our custom and then put every telephonic obstacle in the way of actually speaking to them as distinct from a Dalek. In the 1980s I was foolish enough to tell American correspondents that Mrs Thatcher thought customer service was improving. They laughed me to scorn. We Brits did not know the meaning of service. It has got worse since.  Everywhere you look there is trouble. The NHS lives on the brink of collapse. Education is a bad joke and the police increasingly decide which offences to pursue, apart from murder. And if you want a dentist or urgent medical treatment you will have to pay for it on top of taxation. Slowly the NHS is being privatized before our very eyes. As for local authorities, they have a well-worn excuse for any failure: the government’s lack of funding - while wasting that same funding on vanity projects and virtue signalling. Meanwhile zealots consider themselves licenced to glue themselves to anything handy in pursuing zero carbon to save the planet. It is true that these strictures do not apply to everyone. Conscientiousness and responsibility have not entirely flown out of the window. For example, front line NHS staff earned their George Medal during the pandemic, though they will surely be called upon to hand it in if they go on strike. Against this background, the Tories seem to have caught the lackadaisical bug with their lengthy leadership election. It can do only one thing: make it harder for the next Prime Minister. Somehow Liz Truss, if she is the winner, will have to fight this national malaise. She will need all of Margaret Thatcher’s rod of iron, application, resolution and nerve. The nation needs toughening up as well as an economic rescue. We have spared the rod and spoiled the child for too long.