Chelsea could be set to miss out on yet another summer signing in the form of Inter Milan midfielder Cesare Casadei, with Nice set to join the race for his signature over the coming days, according to reports. The Blues have endured a turbulent time of things in the summer transfer window to date after failing to land top target Jules Kounde, who initially looked set to move to Stamford Bridge before Barcelona swooped in at the eleventh hour last month. The situation marked an embarrassing blow for Chelsea, who had seemingly reached a full agreement with Kounde and his representatives only to see their efforts knocked back at the last second. It seems as though Chelsea could soon be set to lose out on yet another target, with a 'new competitor' in Nice looking to deny them in the hunt to land Casadei over the next few weeks, according to Gianluca Di Marzio.Chelsea have been credited with a strong desire to snap up Casadei, who has emerged as one of Inter's finest young players after excelling in the Primavera at the San Siro last season. The west Londoners are thought to be planning an offer in the region of £12.5million for the teenage midfielder, with Inter preparing to sell for a potential cut-price fee as they look to raise some much-needed funds.However, there is every chance that Casadei will instead end up joining Nice, who are reportedly prepared to trump Chelsea's bid in order to secure his services for themselves. Inter are said to be reluctantly willing to accept Casadei's departure as they look to avoid selling any of their prized senior assets by sacrificing a couple of young stars in their efforts to aid their current financial situation. JUST IN: Arsenal's £25m transfer gamble could blow up in Mikel Arteta's face It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will eventually decide to commit a greater level of funding to a move for Casadei as they look to avoid being pipped to his signature by Nice between now and the end of the summer window. They have already spent more than any other Premier League club on new players since the end of last season, with new owner Todd Boehly having splashed around £175m in the market over the last few months.The Blues are not finished yet, though, and will be hoping to add to their long list of talented young stars by poaching Casadei from Inter at the expense of Nice this summer. The likes of Carney Chukwuemeka and Omari Hutchinson recently joined the club's ranks, with Thomas Tuchel having placed an emphasis on recruiting for the next generation, but it remains unclear at this stage whether Casadei will eventually make the switch to Stamford Bridge or if Nice will get there first. Casadei is yet to make an official first-team appearance for Inter despite establishing himself as a key man for the club's youth side in the Primavera over the course of the previous campaign. He is a versatile midfielder with the potential to achieve great things at the highest level and could represent a shrewd acquisition for Chelsea if he makes the switch to England before the summer window closes next month.The likes of Arsenal have also been linked with a potential move for Casadei over the last few weeks but Chelsea are seemingly ahead of the Gunners in the queue to sign the player as things stand. The Blues have one of the best youth academies in world football and will be looking to put their expertise to good use in order to extract the very best from Casadei, who is widely regarded as one of the great emerging hopes of the Italian game. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here