Individuals are risking a severe shortfall in later life by failing to prepare, according to a financial institution. Back in 2004, The Pensions Commission suggested people would need a retirement income equivalent to two thirds of their working income. However, a new report from B&CE has found six in 10 households are not saving enough to meet this target. A particular issue has been found for so-called ‘Generation X’ workers: those born between 1965 and 1980. Two thirds of these individuals have been found to not be putting enough aside. This is compared to just four in 10 of those born between 1946 and 1964, the ‘Baby Boomer’ generation. READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes The main concern is Generation Xers may not have enough time to make up the shortfall from failing to save in the past. B&CE has warned when this generation retires in significant numbers they could face a retirement crisis. If people do not have enough for retirement, they may have to cut back on their goals, or continue working for longer. Jug Judge, 52, a self-employed gardener from West Sussex, shared he does not currently save towards a pension. DON'T MISSEDF offers help with energy bill debt & vital benefits - how to apply [LATEST]Lloyds Bank issues scam warning on ‘today only’ supermarket voucher [WARNING]Energy bill scam warning as price cap soars [UPDATE] This is an attitude which is shared by many people, who have different reasons for their choice. Mr Judge said: “I’m not prepared to give up a chunk of my income so that it will benefit me in 10 or 20 years’ time. “I don’t think I have the wherewithal to plan for retirement. “At the moment, I consider myself very lucky that I can go out to work five or six days a week for 10 hours a day. READ MORE: British Gas shares 15 tips for saving money on energy bills “I don’t know much about pensions and I am not the sort of character to be looking to the future.” B&CE is now calling for action from the pension industry as well as employers. This, it argues, could help tackle the problem of under-saving and help people progress towards their goals. Phil Brown, director of policy at B&CE, said: “Once Generation X starts to retire in large numbers, the UK could face a retirement savings crisis, with people unable to carry on with anything like their current standard of living. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “While this problem isn’t one that can be solved during the current cost of living crisis, it also shouldn’t be ignored. “We would be in a much worse position if it were not for automatic enrolment, which has dramatically increased the number of people saving for retirement over the past decade. “But now it’s time to ensure it reaches its full potential.”