Temperatures are set to soar as high as 36C across central and southern parts of England, according to the Met Office - but not hit the same extreme levels seen in July. In response, the UK Health Security Agency has sent out a heat health alert for southern and central England from Tuesday to Saturday, as old people or those with existing health conditions and young children sent warnings. Next week will see a 10C fall in temperatures and a higher chance of rain and thunderstorms - but it is unlikely to be enough to replace lacking water supplies. Hosepipe bans have already been announced for two companies while others warn they may have to follow suit. This follows the driest eight months from November to June since 1976 and the driest July on record for parts of southern and eastern England. Research showed that the heatwaves had been made more intense, frequent and likely due to climate change, and the UK has been warned it must adapt to hotter weather. Meanwhile, last month’s record temperatures were made at least 10 times more likely due to global warming. According to the Times, Southern Water, which has imposed a ban in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, has applied to the Environment Agency for a six-month “drought permit”. This would enable the company to draw more water from the River Test, the flow of which has fallen from 2,500 megalitres (Ml) a day in March to 450Ml. Southern Water has said the flow could fall further this month to 365Ml - hitting the legal limit for removing water. A spokesperson for the company said: “The permit would last six months or until flows have returned to above 500Ml per day for 21 consecutive days.” Temperatures are largely predicted to hit the high 20s across England, Wales and south-east Scotland. A few spots may reach the low 30s, while parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland could reach official heatwave criteria by Friday, according to the Met Office. Alongside the hosepipe bans, areas are being urged not to light fires or have barbecues amid the soaring heat. READ MORE: Devon cliff dramatically COLLAPSES into beach below [REVEAL] The Country Land and Business Association (CLA), which represents 28,000 farmers and landowners in England and Wales, has demanded retailers follow the lead of Marks & Spencer and ban the sale of disposable barbecues across the UK this summer to reduce the risk of wildfires in the dry conditions. Essex County Fire and Rescue Service is urging people not to light barbecues or bonfires, or let off fireworks or sky lanterns following a large blaze which damaged gardens, sheds and trees and which was started by a chiminea. Reflecting the warming conditions in the UK, the Met Office has raised the temperatures that have to be reached for a heatwave to be declared in eight English counties. Richard Allan, professor of climate science at the University of Reading, said there are many reasons why drought events become worse as a result of human-driven climate change. These include that a warmer atmosphere is thirstier and dries out the ground, while heatwaves exacerbate the development of drought conditions. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson misled Parliament claims ex-staff [REVEAL]Outrage at new packaging introduced on ASDA food products [INSIGHT]Britons in Europe being denied basic healthcare in Brexit block [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, because continents are warming so fast, ocean winds cannot blow enough moisture over the land. Prof Allan said: “Human-caused warming of climate is intensifying the global water cycle and disrupting weather patterns leading to more severe droughts but also more serious flooding events across the globe.” Dr Leslie Mabon, lecturer in environmental systems at The Open University, said: “Above all else, the drought risk we are seeing in the UK is a reminder that we urgently need to tackle the problem at source: this means emissions from fossil fuels to limit the extent of harmful climate change we will face. “Moreover, countries like the UK, which have traditionally had a more temperate climate and have less experience of managing the prolonged effects of hot, dry spells, need to plan now to adapt to hotter weather. More than encouraging individuals to save water, this also means looking at our water infrastructure and considering where investments are made to ensure we are better prepared for managing water in hot spells.”