Former Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas is just as furious as supporters and head coach Thomas Tuchel after Sunday's dramatic 2-2 draw against Tottenham Hotspur. The two London clubs put on an early-season Premier League classic at Stamford Bridge, where refereeing controversy grabbed the headlines. Chelsea led twice through Kalidou Koulibaly and Reece James, but Spurs responded to both goals through Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Harry Kane's 96th-minute equaliser. And the hosts were livid with how both levellers came around, especially the first. Before Hojbjerg fired in Tottenham's first, Kai Havertz was seemingly fouled when dispossessed in the build-up before Richarlison was stood in an offside position when the Dane released his shot. But he wasn't deemed to be blocking Edouard Mendy's view, and the goal stood. Cristian Romero's hair-pull right in front of referee Anthony Taylor before Kane's last-ditch header was reviewed by VAR but, again, not considered illegal. During the match, Fabregas took to Twitter to share his discontent with the officiating: "Foul on Kai plus offside from Richarlison. Shocking." JUST IN: Chelsea fans start petition for Taylor ban after Spurs controversy  Thomas Tuchel was involved in a heated battle with Antonio Conte in the dugout throughout and after the clash, resulting in both bosses receiving straight red cards. And after full-time, Tuchel joined Fabregas in condemning the manner of Spurs' opener, pinpointing both the foul on Havertz and Richarlison's offside position as mistakes by Taylor and VAR. "I have to say both [Spurs] goals cannot stand," the German told Sky Sports. "It's only one team that deserved to win, and that was us. I'm sorry for my team; they don't get what they deserve. It was a clear foul on Kai Havertz in the build-up [to Tottenham's first goal], a clear foul. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd in £25m talks, Gordon to Chelsea 'close'  "We had one tactical foul from [Reece] James, which got a yellow. I don't know how many tactical fouls Hojbjerg and Bentancur did today. The situation went on and on, and it was a clear offside on Richarlison. He is in line of the shot. He even goes to the ball, so Mendy can't see the ball. They check it; it is a clear offside." Tuchel admitted that his players get 'worried' whenever Taylor referees their games. And when told he would likely face a touchline ban for this weekend's trip to Leeds United, he aimed more shade at Taylor's performance, responding: "So good! I cannot coach, but the referee can whistle the next game."