Influencer Andrew Tate has responded to Logan Paul's recent fight call-out by offering to buy the YouTube star a £4.1m Bugatti supercar. Paul, like his brother Jake is interested in fighting the popular social media star and is keen to get it done before he ‘loses relevancy in 2023’ In a recent vlog episode on his friend Mike Majlak's YouTube channel, Logan said: "You guys have not had one word to say about the most searched man in the world [Tate], you don't even know who he is. He's got people chatting and got people talking. Immediately I thought, this guy is doing things, how can we monetise... how can we make money off his situation? "It's true, right now he might be the most popular men on the planet; key words, right now. This is a marathon, not a sprint and if you think Andrew Tate will have an ounce of relevancy in 2023 you are sadly mistaken. Unless, he fights someone like, I don't know, the guy that made Floyd Mayweather look average." In response to the call-out, Tate laughed off Paul's comments and made him an offer of his own. Speaking during the latest episode of his podcast, he said: "Everyone keeps saying Tate v Paul, Tate v Paul, blah blah blah," Tate said on his podcast. "Listen Logan Paul's a wrestler now I heard and I know he did a call-out video but he doesn't have a Bugatti. I'll buy him a Bugatti. Shall I drop a brand new $5million Bugatti and drop at his house and say, 'listen you said I wouldn't be relevant next year but here I am, you are obviously broke now so here, here is a Bugatti and let's be friends'.  "I am a nice guy. Obviously, I am the most dangerous man on the planet but I am also a nice guy. If he wants a Bugatti, he can have one all he has to do is ask. Where the f*** does he even live? Whatever if he wants a Bugatti, we can just put it on the card." Tate, 35, is a four-time ISKA world champion in kickboxing but is best known for his role as an entrepreneur and content creator. The British-American runs an online course in “modern wealth creation” and has garnered millions of followers online. He is no stranger to the ring with 87 fights in various disciplines and only nine losses to his name. Among his victories is a big win over former UFC star Luke Barnatt in an amateur MMA bout back in 2010 while he has also competed in professional MMA and holds a 1-0 record. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua warned he 'won't hear the final bell' as video of Usyk emerges Joshua using 'Poundland version' of Usyk in camp for Saudi rematch Oleksandr Usyk 'story' teased as AJ told to 'take his head off' Tate has been widely criticised for a number of controversial comments made about women. During an appearance on the BFF podcast, host Dave Portnoy, challenged Tate's views on 'traditional relationships' and told the former kickboxer that he believes that while there are “plenty of women who would enjoy being in a relationship where a man is filling traditional gender roles,” other women “view themselves as every bit the equal of a man." Tate responded by saying he would not give any time to that sort of woman, stating: “Any woman who is going to sit there and think it’s more important to argue with me about she is as capable as a man at everything, [...] as opposed to just letting me pay the bill and be pleasant, is not the kind of woman I want to talk to." It appears as though the fight is unlikely to happen with Tate happily retired from fighting but the entrepreneur has not ruled out a possible return.   