The 50-year-old, who first shot to fame after dating George Clooney, explained that the one thing that really shines is her passion for empowering women, educating them on various topics, whether that be health related or fashion advice. This has led to the star launching a Self-care Sunday series on Instagram, leading to her Get Lifted podcast and now the Menopause Madness series with Dr Naomi Potter on both Instagram Live and YouTube. But away from helping others look after their health, how does Snowdon look after her own? When asked about any previous health ailments, if any, Snowdon took a moment to think before responding: “I’ve had a few issues. A few things that have come up. “I have had a few surgeries. I had a hernia removed when I was seven, my tonsils removed when I was 17, my appendix removed when I was 28. And then I was fine for a good stretch of time. “Then I got admitted to hospital for meningitis and glandular fever. So I was a bit poorly, then and it had a bit of a knock-on effect with my energy levels and my brain concentration." Snowdown elaborated: “Obviously, your brain swells up when you have meningitis and, so, there were a few years where I felt different – like I had to conserve my energy and know when enough was enough.  READ MORE: 'It’s a terrible death' Risk factors of the 'horrible' disease that killed Paul Newman  “As you get a bit older you can’t get away with the stuff you used to and you have to be really mindful of that sort of thing.” In a previous interview Snowdon went on to confess to being “a bit hippy-dippy” due to her love of crystals and mood mediation, and haven spoken to experts about nutrition, diet and breath work on her podcast. But despite her love of “herbal holistic vibes”, the star understands the importance that diet, exercise, skincare and treatments can play in an individual's life. She continued: “I do still take painkillers if I need to. But then I do love products with active ingredients and you cannot always get that with homemade bits and pieces. So it is the perfect blend of the two really that I try and dabble with. “We love food and have a happy kitchen at home. We eat quite healthily and I cook things like pan-fried fish and turkey chilli. On days when we just want to indulge, it’s a home-made lasagne with goats’ cheese béchamel and loads of mozzarella.  “I noticed a lot of skin and hair changes when going through peri-menopause and menopause and I always talk about collagen. Collagen is so important to have in your diet and that really helps with my hair quality and my skin because you kind of lose that glow. “Then things like CBD oils and something called pillow potion which uses natural aromatherapy oils that tell your brain to calm down.” Having rattled off a list of some of her favourite products and wellbeing techniques she is asked how this all fits into her daily routine, specifically her morning routine. “I’m pretty much set in my ways,” she begins. “First thing in the morning both George and I have a shot of live active bacteria to help the gut because another issue with menopause is gut issues. So I have always been really aware of keeping a healthy gut biome as this then helps your brain.  “Then I wait 10 minutes, put the kettle on and have hot water with lemon and I have my collagen powders. Then I will probably get in the shower and dry body brush, all over. Recently we have been having cold showers as it is easier in the summer and it is a really good start to my day and pushes me out of my comfort zone and makes me feel good mentally. “Then I will use all of my lotions and potions for my skincare.” In another recent interview, Snowdon finished by saying: “Life is short, and you have to enjoy it. For me, wellbeing is about balance. “This means being more mindful, getting out in nature, breath work, exercising, eating well, being happy and laughing a lot. “I turned 50 and I’m only just getting started.” 