“Fed up” passengers have criticised Ryanair after their flight home to Manchester was delayed more than 24 hours. Those returning from Rhodes on Friday evening were forced to spend more than a day waiting around to board a plane. Andrew Barlow was one of many who was due to fly back to Manchester from Rhodes on Friday night. He explained that “security and check-in was a breeze” but when they “got to the gate and outside on the tarmac then they brought us all back in”. The passenger also said they were given “no explanation” and then later that day they were told, “there was unscheduled maintenance to the aircraft”. Passengers were then “put on a bus” and taken to “a hotel for the night” where they arrived at “3:30 in the morning”. He, along with others was told the rearranged flight would depart at 1pm on Saturday. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade After checking in for a second time, he and the other passengers boarded the plane before being informed that there was a "technical issue" with the plane. “We sat on the plane for a couple of hours then they took us back to the gate," Mr Barlow revealed. "They have told us there is another plane coming from Athens and that is due to leave at 11pm." The passengers are said to have received a voucher for four euros for the disruption. Mr Barlow, “left the hotel at 6pm” and was at the airport “nearly 24 hours”. He said “everyone [was] fed up”. “I've never experienced anything like this. I should have been home last night. It's put a blemish on the whole holiday,” he told Manchester Evening News. DON'T MISS...‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXPERT]How Meghan portays herself as ‘innocent’ and ‘humble’ - expert claims [PICTURES]James Martin lost 2st by adopting ‘key’ lifestyle change [COMMENT] It seems Jo Needler was another passenger on the same flight. She took to Twitter and said: “So after a 35 hour airport experience we have FINALLY landed and on way home! @Ryanair from Rhodes to Manchester! “Feeling done in! Little girl feels ill, no food provided since breakfast apart from a 4€ voucher issued at 4pm! Communication & Customer service is key! Up your game.” Sam Foster wrote: “By far the longest delay I’ve ever experienced coming home from Rhodes, @Ryanair 26 hours!! What the actual sh*t!” Jay Adair tweeted during the delay and said: “@Ryanair still sat in Rhodes airport, now 24 hrs later. Charging passengers for water after being delayed for 17 hrs at the time was real classy.” READ MORE: The Montagu Arms: A luxury stay in the heart of the New Forest Phil Jones commented: “@Ryanair been sat in Rhodes airport for over four hours .. 2 hours delay so far - no updates given - shambles flight ref FR9077.” He later tweeted an update: “@Ryanair 24 hours after arriving for our flight home and we are still here, to and from emergency hotel over night, on and off a faulty plane .. very poor service.” Ryanair has been contacted for a comment on the 24+ hour delay. Other flights arriving into Manchester have also experienced no staff at border control counters and hour-long delays for luggage. Glynn Shorrock commented: “Been waiting over 2hrs for our bags @manairport seriously need to up their game shocking.” Victoria O'Toole added: “@manairport @Ryanair @RyanairPress …you have a terminal full of passengers, but no staff? No bags? No information?” Another passenger wrote: “@Ryanair @ManchesterAirp @SimonCalder Absolute chaos today! What is happening? All Ryanair flights seem to have been delayed & arriving at T1 Manchester Airport instead of T3. After 2hrs waiting for our luggage, still no progress. Some flights have been delayed 28hrs! Its carnage.” Dr Joanne Fillingham tweeted: “Our flight should have landed @ 23:10 yesterday @Ryanair no staff at Palma airport to explain delay or @manairport on arrival three hours late. Still waiting for bags. Asked baggage handler & apparently @Ryanair staff hiding in the back. Never ever will I travel with them again.” Ryanair’s Chief Executive recently said those travelling to Europe could face a year of chaos thanks to an air traffic control crisis. Eddie Wilson said hold-ups in the management of air traffic, creating a chain of delays, are the “worst ever” despite a 15 percent drop in flights compared with pre-Covid figures. Mr Wilson said: “The underlying problem...is air traffic control [which] is the single biggest delay for all airlines by a country mile. There is a chance this will go on into next summer unless they get their acts together now.” Manchester Airport has also hit headlines in recent weeks due to reports of “chaotic” scenes. It comes after a documentary was aired on Channel 4, in which an undercover reporter got a job as a baggage handler. Airport bosses criticised the programme, saying it was not an accurate representation of current events.