The guest brought along a book personally signed to her by Millvina as well as a postcard from Milvina's father. Clive assessed the items after hearing the emotional tale behind them and revealed on BBC's Antiques Roadshow they could be worth up to £2,500 in total, which came as a shock to the guest, who said she "wasn't expecting that".  "I've got a postcard here of somebody, who is this?" Clive asked. "It's my grandfather's uncle, he was on the Titanic," the owner of the items replied. She continued: "She was the youngest survivor of the Titanic's father, Millvina Dean, who was nine weeks old at the time." "She was nine weeks old?" Clive asked, stunned. "And she survived?" READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit "Yes, she was put in a mailsack and put on the life rafts below with her mother and her brother. "But he died saving people to put on the life rafts with them." "So sad," Clive commented. "And the postcard is written just before they leave on Titanic?" "Just before they left, yes," the guest confirmed before detailing the story behind the message.  "And who's Violet that he's writing to?" Clive questioned, to which the guest replied: "My great grandmother." "Okay," Clive answered. "And he says, 'Just a card to ask you if I shall come home or not before I go away? Let me know, love from Bert.'" "Yeah, he was writing to see whether he should go home and say goodbye to the family before he left," the owner clarified. "And do we know if he did?" Clive asked. Shaking her head regretfully, she replied: "No, he didn't." DON'T MISS... Didi Conn in tears over Olivia Newton-John's final gift [LATEST]John Wayne ‘spent the night shaking’ over The Alamo concerns [INTERVIEW]Fleur East breaks down in tears as she addresses father's death [VIDEO] "He didn't? It's so sad, isn't it?" Clive remarked. "It's awful. And then the book here is inscribed to you?" "To me, yes," the relative commented. "It's from Millvina. "When she started getting involved with the Titanic experience, she wrote it to me when I was two years old, as a keepsake." "And you say that's when she started to get involved, it's dated 1995," Clive noticed. "So for a long period of her life, she didn't want to have anything to do with it?" "No, her brother went forward and helped with all the memorabilia of the Titanic," explained the BBC guest. "But at first, she didn't want to, because her brother died and she was older. "And then she lived an amazing life, going to America and just seeing everybody and doing talks on the Titanic and her experiences and what she knows." "Okay, and when did she die, then?" inquired Clive. The guest revealed the significant date of her relative' death. "She died on 31st May 2009 - my birthday," she responded. She continued: "She was such a lovely person, so bubbly. She always had stories to tell." Turning his attention to the value, Clive pointed out: "And as you obviously know, there's a huge interest - there's a big market in Titanic material. "Anything related to the Titanic, particularly survivors, and it does have monetary value as well as the sentimental value, obviously to you. "I think the card on its own would easily be worth £1,000 to £1,500." "Really?" The guest asked, astonished. Clive stated: "I do. I can easily see the book personally inscribed to you from her making £500 to £1,000. So overall, we're looking at certainly £1,500 to £2,500." "I didn't expect that," The guest smiled. "Thank you, that's amazing." Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.