Actor Aidan had to overcome his fear of heights as his character, Dr Joe O'Loughlin, had to stand on a building's ledge to try to help someone wanting to jump on the upcoming ITV series. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the Irish TV star admitted: "It was kind of scary" and that his "shrieks" were real.  The Suspect follows Dr Joe, a clinical psychologist, who is clearly hiding some dark secrets. Although he seems to have it all, a different side of Joe emerges after a shocking event shakes his world, and the audience is left questioning whether or not Joe is one of the good guys. Part of the first episode sees a tense moment where Joe is walking around the edge of a tall building. Reflecting on the opening stunt, Aidan admitted he wasn't looking forward to shooting the scene. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star "It was terrifying," he admitted. "I'm not good with heights. "And we're still quite high up, which is great when you do these things because you could just infiltrate your own real emotion. "[It helps] for playing fear, or dialling that up. "If there wasn't a height, if you're doing a green screen thing, for instance, I mean, they're really tricky. "Because to try to evoke that emotion from yourself, it's harder, you tend to overcook it." The actor laughed: "Those shrieks or whatever I'm doing in the scene are real. "It was kind of scary, but it still felt very safe, which is great. I think it's a great introduction for the character too. And it's a great way to start." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Faye Windass opens up on 'challenging' health plot [VIDEO]This Morning uproar as Matthew Wright slammed for 'blaming' women [LATEST]Madonna slammed by Ranvir Singh over bizarre new look 'I'm bamboozled' [VIDEO] Luckily Aidan didn't have to delve too much into the secrets his character is keeping as he admitted he is "terrible" at keeping tight-lipped. "I always give things away!" he told the press as he reflected on the twists and turns of the storyline. Director James Strong also talked about the opening scene and admitted it had been "complicated" to pull off. The Suspect's gripping first episode will soon be available for audiences to watch. Thriller fans will not be let down by the drama, which is also starring Shaun Parkes and Anjli Mohindra. The official synopsis reads: "Turner plays Doctor Joe O’Loughlin who appears to have a perfect life with a devoted wife, loving daughter, successful practice as a criminal psychologist, media profile and publishing deal. "When a young woman is found dead he is only too willing to offer help with his profiling and expertise. "But as the investigation into the woman’s death gathers pace, we start to ask, do we know the real Joe, or does he have a secret life?" The Suspect will start on ITV this month. 