The first episode of the Duchess of Sussex' podcast Archetypes was released on Tuesday, August 23. The 57-minute episode received a host of mixed reviews but, according to royal expert and Royally Obsessed podcast host Roberta Fiorito, Meghan is "taking control of the narrative" as she is using "her voice" by having her own podcast. Ms Fiorito and her co-host Rachel Bowie discussed Meghan's podcast on the latest episode of Royally Obsessed. Ms Fiorito said: "With Meghan starting off talking about that Procter and Gamble [story], we have heard that story so many times. "She really is, as part of her interview series, going to be taking contol of the narrative back." She added: "I think that's the intimacy that podcasting also affords, it's her voice." Ms Fiorito said "just getting to hear it in her own words, [is] really compelling." READ MORE: Meghan talks of female strength but seems to throw in towel at first hurdle - CAROLE MALONE Ms Bowie added: "The intimacy without visuals which makes it that much more, I think, personal. "A lot of times, we love paying attention to what they are wearing, what they are doing, what they look like, but that's not what's important here." She added: "It's her lived experiences. "So, I think that is a major part of why podcasting for Meghan is so perfect for her." READ MORE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options and told to brace for Royal Family 'cut off' The podcast episodes will focus on labels that "try to hold women back". Meghan will "have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives", the Duchess said in a preview of the podcast. The first episode had Meghan's friend and tennis superstar Serena Williams as the guest. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry are set to return to the UK - and will visit Germany - next month to add events with various charities "close to their hearts". One of the events is the WellChild Awards, which will take place in London on September 8. Harry has been patron of the charity since 2007. Despite stepping down as a senior royal, Harry remained close to the charity. READ NEXT: