Those in whom we have placed our trust to be our voices and advocates at times like these are expected to carry out our wishes. In parliament, local councils, or any other elected body of representatives for that matter we need them to step up and show some bottle. Regardless of individual political allegiances we need principled and bold leadership to see us through the tough times that lie ahead. Preoccupation and dalliance with re-engineering so much of people’s physical and intellectual identities, for example, are distractions that we quite frankly do not have time for anymore. This does not diminish the importance that many attach to these issues though, it merely highlights the fact that others are more of a priority right now. We presently face existential threats to our way of life. The freedoms we take for granted are being targeted from both within and outside our borders. Yet we are witnessing the most appalling spectacle of totally selfish opportunism in the face of it. The cost of living is clearly spiralling out of control, with the biggest single contributor to that being the price of energy. If the cost of energy becomes unaffordable, which it has, then everything else ultimately becomes likewise unaffordable. We cannot heat or cool our homes, we cannot fill our petrol tanks, we cannot feed ourselves properly. Burning question - what caused it? The answer unfortunately is not that simple, although a combination of populist Government policies and printing money like there is no tomorrow spring to mind. So, tax-and-spend in a recession as a remedy is likewise pure lunacy. Is a non-negotiable immediate switch to renewable energy not perhaps a big mistake too? The technology for renewables is nowhere near sufficiently developed to sustainably meet our present energy needs, much less do so for the foreseeable future. Development of these technologies must still be prioritised as an imperative, however, but in conjunction with existing fossil fuel resources. The terrifying problem of excessive reliance on Russian energy has become self-evident. Reliance on cheap Chinese manufacturing similarly so. Russia and China are authoritarian dictatorships seeking to dominate and control the world with their malign agendas. Yet we have spent decades pandering to both. These are just two examples of the consequences of runaway globalization. The EU also follows pretty much the same path as an authoritarian entity too. The more reliant we become on those who seek to control us, the more our freedoms and heritage will be swept away.