Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech will reportedly be free to leave Chelsea for the right price this summer, with the Blues in advanced talks over a move for Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. A fee has already been agreed between the Catalan giants and Chelsea in exchange for Aubameyang, who has reportedly been placed on the transfer list after less than a year at the Nou Camp. Negotiations over personal terms are yet to be wrapped up, though, with Chelsea said to have snubbed the ex-Arsenal man's demand for a long-term contract by only offering a one-year deal. However, it seems as though the Blues are still confident that a new forward will arrive before Friday's deadline, with those in power willing to let Pulisic leave if a suitable bid is tabled, according to transfer expert Paul Brown.Brown also claimed that Chelsea have made it clear to Pulisic and Ziyech's agents that they may leave the club this window. Pulisic has been forced to play a back-up role for the vast majority of his time at Stamford Bridge and has been linked with a move elsewhere since the end of last season, with the expected signing of a new attacker set to spell further trouble regarding his hopes of playing regularly under Thomas Tuchel.Ziyech could also depart if a suitable bid comes in, with Ajax currently the favourites to sign him. Meanwhile, the likes of Manchester United and Newcastle have previously been credited with a desire to land Pulisic, who initially joined Chelsea from Borussia Dortmund for around £54million back in 2019. It seems unlikely that the Blues would receive a similar fee if the player is sold this summer, though, due to his failure to hold down a consistent first-team role in the years since. JUST IN: Man Utd icon Paul Scholes leaves Rio Ferdinand in stitches with remark Pulisic has not started in any of Chelsea's games in the Premier League so far this season and could reap the rewards of a fresh start elsewhere if he is shipped out by the west Londoners over the coming days. He recently admitted that he would like to gain more first-team minutes at Stamford Bridge as he looks to nail down a prominent spot in the United States squad for this year's World Cup in Qatar, which is set to get underway in November."Of course, I want to get more playing time," Pulisic told reporters earlier this summer. "I want to be on the field as much as I can and be the sharpest I can be and fit as well. "I think I still got a lot of games, but it's always something that I'm working at and trying to be regular at club level as well to put myself in the best position to be fit when I come here with the national team."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be able to overcome the hurdles preventing them from striking a deal for Aubameyang before the transfer window closes on Thursday. The Blues have spent more money than any other Premier League club on new players so far this summer but will seemingly remain in the hunt for further improvements right up until the final hours of deadline day. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.