A spokesperson for Ukraine's Air Force Command, Yury Ihnat, reported that Ukraine's air defence intercepted seven out of eight missiles launched in a Russian strike. The missiles were launched from the Caspian Sea on the evening of August 2. They targeted southern, central and western Ukrainian oblasts. Meanwhile, two Russian rockets were shot down over Vinnytsia yesterday, Vinnytsia Oblast Governor Serhii Borzov said. Mr Borzov said anti-aircraft alerts over the city were working effectively. But details of the area where the rockets were targeting have not been disclosed. Russia has suffered a series of setbacks in its war against Ukraine. The army has so far taken heavy losses, with the Ukrainian Army estimating that as many as 40,000 Russian soldiers have been killed. As many as 22 aircraft and 190 helicopters have reportedly been wiped out. Yesterday, Russia accused the US of playing a direct role in the Ukraine war. A spokesperson for Moscow's defence ministry, Lt Gen Igor Konashenkov, alleged the US was approving targets for American-made Himars rocket systems, which are used by Kyiv's forces. READ MORE: Putin scrambling: Elite Russian paratroopers hire jail convicts He said intercepted calls between Ukrainian officials revealed the link. Mr Konashenkov said: "It is the Biden administration that is directly responsible for all rocket attacks approved by Kyiv on residential areas and civilian infrastructure facilities in settlements of Donbas and other regions that caused mass deaths of civilians." Ukraine has denied the US was providing direct targeting information. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Kremlin 'panicking' about Putin health - 'body doubles' [LIVE] Britons bullied over soaring energy bills in Russian TV rant [REVEAL] I discovered Putin nuclear cover-up proving he is capable of anything [INSIGHT] A spokesperson for the Pentagon said it provided Ukraine with "detailed, time-sensitive information to help them understand the threats they face and defend their country against Russian aggression". Russia has previously accused the US of engaging in a "proxy" war with Ukraine. Speaking in April, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the country's decision to supply Ukraine with billions of dollars worth of arms meant that "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy". He added: "War means war."