Specialist teams have been searching the site of the Bismark House Mill after the remains of two bodies were uncovered last weekend. A major incident was declared at the Oldham site. The horrifying discoveries came months after a huge fire took place at the mill on May 7. At the time, fire crews believed nobody was inside. But on July 21, Greater Manchester Police received a tip that four Vietnamese nationals had been missing since May 7 – the date of a huge blaze at the mill. Firefighters did not enter it at the time due to concerns over its structural stability. They spent four days tackling the flames. Detectives are investigating what led to the huge fire, including a suggestion that part of the building was being used as an illegal cannabis factory. Demolition work then began on the building. The first body was found last Saturday. The second body was discovered yesterday. Detective Superintendent Lewis Hughes, GMP’s Victim Identification lead said that "extensive search and recovery work" will continue. In an update today, Greater Manchester Police confirmed that further human remains have been discovered. DS Hughes said: "I speak on behalf of all involved in this operation when I say that our thoughts are with the potential family members in Vietnam." He continued: "Specially-trained officers have been in direct contact with them and continue to liaise with partner agencies to ensure they are fully updated and supported. "At the scene, extensive search and recovery work continues to ensure any further remains are respectfully recovered. "Meanwhile, the investigation team is following several lines of enquiry relating to the fire and activities at the mill beforehand." DS Hughes added: "Any criminal offences identified as part of their investigation will be progressed immediately and appropriately. "Anyone with information which may assist us should contact Greater Manchester Police or Crimestoppers, anonymously." Anyone with information should contact Greater Manchester Police via 101. In an emergency, always dial 999. International callers can contact GMP via +441618725050. Information can also be submitted in English or Vietnamese via the Major Incident Public Portal.