Olivia Newton-John was a British-Australian actress best known for playing Sandy in Grease, one of the most popular musicals of all time. According to CelebrityNetWorth, the actress had a fortune of £49million. Olivia Newton-John quickly rose to fame in the music industry in 1966 with records like Till You Say You'll Be Mine. Her debut album, If Not For You, was released in 1971 followed by other successful country albums. The singer released more than 25 studio albums during her career. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  In 1978, the actress starred alongside John Travolta in Grease, one of the most successful musical films of all time. After Grease, Olivia Newton-John appeared in other films including Xanadu and Sordid Lives. The actress also appeared in TV shows The Very Excellent Mr Dundee, Sordid Lives: The Series and Glee and produced television films such as The Wilde Girls. Olivia Newton-John also published some books including Livwise Cookbook: Easy, Well-Balanced, and Delicious Recipes for a Healthy, Happy Life.  During her career, Olivia won four Grammys and 10 American Music Awards. The star's fortune is mainly attributed to her successful singing and acting career. However, the British actress reportedly owned several impressive properties in the United States and Australia. Olivia sold her Malibu mansion a few years ago to billionaire Don Hankey and the property is now believed to be worth over £66million. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb In 2015, Olivia bought her 12-acre horse ranch in Santa Inez, California, for £3.8million and listed the home for sale in 2019 for £4.4million. The star also owned a 187-acres home in Australia which she listed for £4.5million. It is believed Olivia also had several properties in Florida. The actress was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992 and was later diagnosed with the disease again in 2017. After her diagnosis, she decided to create the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, a charity the star founded to sponsor global research into plant medicine for cancer. The Grease star was born in Cambridge but when she was six the family moved to Melbourne, Australia. In 1984, she married actor Matt Lattanzi and the couple had a daughter together, Chloe Rose, before splitting in 1995. Newton-John then married John Easterling, American businessman and environmentalist, in 2008.