Lewis Hamilton has outlined his hopes for a race win for Mercedes in the second half of the season, before heading off for the F1 summer break. The silver arrows claimed a pole position for the first time this year when George Russell secured his first start from P1 at the Hungaroring this past weekend. A DRS issue prevented the 37-year-old from competing for a spot on the front row, but he produced a superb drive to finish P2 for the second consecutive race. Hamilton and the team continue to make improvements and, when asked if he will take the chequered flag this season, Hamilton provided an honest verdict. “I hope so. That's what we're working towards. I think today there was potential for…  I think this weekend, there was a potential for a win. You saw George on pole,” the F1 legend began. “I think if we had both been up there, I think we probably could have worked a bit better together as a team. One of us would have had to support each other strategy-wise. “But I think if we are able to take this pace into the second half of the season for sure we can start to fight with the guys. This is the first time we've been able to fight and battle with a Ferrari. That's huge for us.” Hamilton has won at least one race in every season he has been in F1, but that long standing record is in danger of ending. JUST IN: Toto Wolff raises 'brain damage' fears for F1 drivers after Lewis Hamilton complaints  However, the seven-time champion is upbeat following the progress made over the last few weeks and will no doubt be fired up following the summer break. “I think the Red Bulls probably still are ahead," he added. “The fact that Max started 11th (sic) and spun and still was 10 seconds ahead says enough about their car but I think we still have made huge progress and huge steps. And so to have this consistency and two double podiums in these last two races gives us great hope and a huge push for the second half.” Russell meanwhile, was delighted to start his first race from pole but admitted he 'could have done better' after missing out on his first F1 win. He said: “Yeah when it started spitting at the beginning and we were on the soft tyres I thought we were on, we made a really strong start, it was a good first stint. “And then towards the end on the mediums and when the rain started to come down we really struggled and losing temperature… We are definitely making progress. “Yeah I'm sure there’s a lot I will look over and could have done better. It was challenging to manage the tyres, we pitted quite early on both stints so your trying to eke the tyres out... A bit of a challenging position to be in.” F1 will return on August 28 with the Belgian GP at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps. 