Elvis Presley Fans are currently celebrating Elvis Week to commemorate the anniversary of the King's death. The star, who died on August 16, 1977, was found at his home in Graceland, Memphis, Tennessee, by his fiancée Ginger Alden. His daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, was just next door. When the King was at his best, however, he was constantly on the lookout for new, emerging talent in the music industry. And Priscilla Presley, the star's ex-wife, knew exactly what kind of musician he adored to watch. Elvis knew when music worked and when it didn't, however. Priscilla revealed in her memoir, Elvis and Me, that a specific style of musician irked him. She recalled: "He couldn’t abide singers who were, in his words: 'all technique and no emotional feeling.'" Elvis even name-dropped some singers who he thought were all flair and no substance. In this category of the singer without any feeling, Elvis "firmly placed Mel Tormé and Robert Goulet". These kinds of singers were condemned in Elvis' home, Graceland. So much so that he would attack the TV if they appeared on it. "[Tormé and Goulet] were both responsible for two television sets being blown away with a .357 Magnum," Priscilla revealed. It wasn't a personal issue, though. Elvis was simply passionate about music and talent - something he had a great eye for, she revealed. READ MORE: Elvis Presley's never-before-heard tracks get release date Priscilla spoke fondly of Elvis' penchant for knowing what worked on a stage, and what didn't. She said in her memoir: "Elvis could spot talent instantly. In Las Vegas, we regularly took in lounge acts featuring various up-and-coming artists. If Elvis liked the show, he patronised the club, encouraging the entertainers to pursue their careers, infusing them with confidence and enthusiasm." She was keen to give further details about some of Elvis' favourite acts, as well. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley's never-before-heard tracks get release date [NEWS]Elvis Presley alive: King was 'spotted' in Hollywood movie after death [CONSPIRACY]Elvis Presley cancelled working with Olivia Newton-John in iconic music [NEWS] Priscilla wrote: "Some of his favourites were Ike and Tina Turner, Gary Puckett and the Union Gap, dancers Tybe and Bracia, and old-timers Fats Domino and the Ink Spots." She added: "All talented people deserving acknowledgement in their craft." Elvis was also a big fan of singers from the UK, as well. Priscilla recalled how he had a distinct adoration for some massive British stars. Elvis apparently loved the sound of Tom Jones' voice, particularly his song Green, Green Grass of Home. He also enjoyed to listening to Arthur Prysock, John Gary, opera singer Robert Merrill, Brook Benton, Roy Orbison, and Charles Boyer’s recording of Where Has Love Gone? The King also loved David Bowie - to the point where he even asked Ziggy Stardust to write a song for him in 1975. Unfortunately, for everyone involved, it didn't work out. SOURCE