Not for the first time, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is being linked with a move to Manchester United. It emerged on Monday the Red Devils had been offered the Gabon international by Barcelona but were ‘cool’ over any potential deal. And that development comes after they previously had three concerns over a deal for the 33-year-old. Manchester United want to sign a new forward before the transfer window shuts at the start of next month. Antony has long been their preferred target but, with Ajax slapping a massive £80million fee on the Brazil international, a move to Old Trafford is unrealistic. United have been linked with Benjamin Sesko, yet the 19-year-old is now far likelier to join RB Leipzig instead. And they’re pursuing a deal for Marko Arnautovic, despite knowing the Austria international would risk upsetting supporters if he made a shock move to Old Trafford. Amid United’s desire to bolster their frontline, Aubameyang has reportedly been offered to the club. And the club previously had three concerns over the Gabon international. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The Athletic revealed in 2019 that United didn’t decide to join the race for the veteran when it became apparent he’d be leaving Borussia Dortmund back in the summer transfer window of 2017. Firstly, United felt his price tag was too high. Dortmund wanted a huge £70million to let their talisman go at the time, having seen the striker score 73 times in 91 appearances during both 2016 and 2017. And with precious little in reserve, the Bundesliga side were unwilling to lower their demands. A second issue was that United were uncertain how he’d fit into their side. Jose Mourinho was manager at the time and wanted a striker who could press opponents and hold the ball up, having seen that style suit Zlatan Ibrahimovic. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Yet Aubameyang, it was claimed, ticked neither box. A third concern United had over the forward was his age, with the Dortmund star 29 at the time. United wanted to focus on signing somebody younger instead and, ultimately, landed Romelu Lukaku from Everton - paying a huge £75million for the player. And these concerns are worth noting at a time where some fans are puzzled by United’s reluctance to snap up Aubameyang this summer. Aubameyang is now older, and the Red Devils would ideally go for somebody younger to provide competition for Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial - though Arnautovic seems to be a bizarre exception. Having lost his pace, it’s also unclear whether the Gabon international would be able to keep up with Ten Hag’s high demands. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And when it comes to a price tag, though Barcelona wouldn’t ask for much, they’d likely have to spend big on wages. Aubameyang or Memphis Depay could leave the Catalan giants within the next month. And where they end up remains to be seen. Speaking at the end of last month, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted he needed fresh faces up top. “We sign Eriksen for the midfield department,” the United boss said. “We are really happy with that. “Yes, I am really happy with the performance from our midfield and offence department in this moment. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But I also know this season – we talk about it in Bangkok and Melbourne as well – is a lot of games, the World Cup, so we need more options where you have a good team. “And it’s not only about the team, you need a good squad to get the right results at the end of the season. “So we have to strengthen the squad even more and we are looking around, but also we need the right players.” And he added: “That is a reason but also the number of games, so you need more options in offence. Clear. “I think it’s vital if you want to get success. The season is really long but we still also have time to fill that in.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team