Fiona is best known for playing Priya Sharma on Emmerdale, the daughter of Rishi Sharma (played by Bhasker Patel) and Georgia Sharma (Trudie Goodwin), and the sister of Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) and Nikhil Sharma (Rik Makarem). Over the years, the character has attempted marriage twice but both times have ended in disaster, meaning she is currently single. However, away from the ITV soap, life couldn't be more different for the actress as she is loved up with her husband of three years. The actress met her husband, Simon Cotton after he briefly appeared in the weeknight serial drama as a character called Hugh Bryant. Simon was only featured in a handful of episodes as he was tasked with arranging a team-building day with Home Farm resident at the time, Rebecca White (Emily Head). However, he soon terminated his contract with her when her lack of management skills meant his car ended up bursting into a ball of flames. Away from the cameras, he started to date Fiona and on New Year's Day 2019, the actor popped the question, with the couple marrying the following October. Talking about the proposal, Fiona told ITV's Lorraine: "It was a sequence of clues, involving my best friends and my mother." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery "And he took me to this beautiful hotel in London, then he took me to my home where my dad passed away," the soap star continued. "It was candles and flowers and then the next day we went to Paris," she explained and in another interview, she expressed how "perfect" the occasion was. The actress said: "The proposal was perfect. It’s the home I grew up in and I still live there with my mum when I’m not filming. "It’s the most special place in the world to me. I don’t see the point in waiting around, and in my faith, people get married quite quickly," she told OK! Magazine. They opted to tie the knot at the Euridge Manor and Orangery in The Cotswolds, with many of their family and friends in attendance. Fiona wore a white, lace gown accompanied with a floor-length veil and paired the dress with some silver Jimmy Choo heels. The couple knew when they viewed the venue in the February of 2019 that it would be where they would marry just some six months later. Although the day was full of love and romance, it didn't go plain sailing as Fiona was half an hour late to walk down the aisle. Explaining what happened, the soap star said: "I was ready pretty early but I had to be at least ten minutes late, and then we had pictures and my mum hadn't finished her make-up. "The rain was so bad! Our wedding planner Alex ended up driving through mudslides down to the marquee and carrying me to the aisle." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [ANALYSIS]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES] The actress opted not to have bridesmaids at her wedding as she couldn't choose between all her friends and so her nieces acted as flower girls. Planning the wedding didn't go without its challenges either, with Simon touring with the stage production of The Bodyguard six weeks before the couple tied the knot. At the time, the actor was in Japan whilst his future wife was in England trying to bring the different pieces of the wedding together. Discussing being so far apart, Simon explained in an interview with OK! Magazine: "It was interesting with an eight-hour time difference." Fiona added: "The seating plan was done over FaceTime. I didn't leave the house for three days!" "I don't think I even got out of my pyjamas and at one point Simon was like: 'You have got to have a shower and leave the house today,'" she continued. "I genuinely couldn't imagine going through this with anyone else because it's so difficult. "I'm so sure about Simon so if there was any part of you that wasn't then I don't know how you would get through the organising without killing each other." This October, the Emmerdale stars will be celebrating their third wedding anniversary and their fifth year together as a couple. However, Fiona's alter-ego Priya is set to feature in a huge storyline leading up to the show's 50th anniversary later this year. In this week's episodes, Priya will be fired from Take A Vow by her friend, Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi). However, the businesswoman won't realise her friend is actually in the midst of a drug addiction and she isn't thinking rationally. The father of her daughter, David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) already knows the truth so it won't be long before the secret is exposed. How will Priya react when she realises her friend and the father of her child have been lying to her for months? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.