 Santander UK’s head of fraud risk management Chris Ainsley has issued the warning after seeing a “significant spate” in the fake WhatsApp message. Speaking to PA News Agency, Mr Ainsley stated the scam has continued to be ongoing however it had “picked up again in the last month”. He warned:  “We are not just seeing it through WhatsApp but also on traditional SMS or text messages.”  “Someone just sends you a text message saying, 'hi dad' or 'hi mum' but then they just try to engineer the person into sending them a couple of thousand pounds in some cases." According to Mr Ainsley, newer cases of the scam may try to add a twist to it – by requesting the money is sent to a friend or family member rather than directly to the scammer. However, this is simply another smokescreen designed to confuse people. Fraudsters may try to do this to give the appearance that the initial bank transfer is a relatively low risk “friends and family” payment. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments      This could also make it harder for banks to trace the money as the money goes through multiple accounts. This specific scam usually involves the criminal contacting victims pretending to be a family member such as a child. The scammer will say that they are texting from a new mobile phone number as their phone has been lost or damaged. Then will go on to ask for money to purchase a new device or claim that they need to pay an urgent bill.     The fraudsters will supply their bank details for payment, with some coming back on multiple occasions until the victims realise that they have been scammed and lost. Mr Ainsley added: “Certainly it’s an indicator of how agile criminals can be and It might be more common for someone to fall for it at that time of year. “Certainly I think the timeframe we saw it really starting last year was around October, November.” This is likely because thousands of students are heading to university which could mean parents are more susceptible to fake requests from scammers pretending to be their children. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments     But Mr Ainsley added some parents of adults who are older than university age have also been targeted. According to the national reporting centre for fraud and cyber-crime Action Fraud, the scam was reported to 1,235 between February and June of this year. It has also cost victims of the scam around £1.5million in total. Action Fraud has advised parents to be wary about these types of messages and to follow its Take Five action plan if they receive a message like this.     It urges people to stop and take a minute to think before parting with any money or information. The plan then recommends a person to challenge the request as it is okay to “reject, refuse or ignore”. It added: “Only criminals will try to rush or panic you”. Finally, if a person believes they have fallen for a scam then they should contact their bank immediately and should report it to Action Fraud.    