As the cost of living crisis continues, many families are facing financial pressures as daily expenses are on the rise. Britons will be wondering on ways they can cut costs and save ahead of the energy bill rise in October. Households are being warned that energy bills will skyrocket to £3,616. Cornwall Insight says bills are now likely to rise to £3,358 from October and £3,615 from January. To combat these rising prices, a Mumsnet user has shared a tip which help Britons cut energy costs by £1,200 a year. Mumsnet is a London-based internet forum for discussion between parents of children and teenagers. It is a community for parents offering knowledge, advice and support on many topics. READ MORE: 'Savers are only winners!' Glimmer of hope as banks & building socs start to raise rates “In the case of heating it just takes a little longer to warm up." The advice comes from Octopus, the energy supplier states that for combi boilers, people should set their flow temperature to 50 degrees for water and 55 heating. She added: "There is advice for boilers with hot water cylinders attached." At the time, the mum was taking part in the Octopus Winter Workout and according to them she had saved £95 since the beginning of December 2021. READ MORE: Mortgages: Britons warned of ‘silly mistakes’ which leave them 'paying thousands more' She added: “This is the only substantial change I have made! “I assumed everyone knew about this except me but my sister hadn't heard of it and she's very hot on money saving so I thought there must be others out there. "Seems worth a try since we're all crippled with ridiculous energy bills at the moment." The trick helped her save £95 in the first month - working out at almost £1,200 over the year. The handy tip comes as households face crippling price hikes on their energy bills in the coming months. Turning the boiler’s water temperature down could knock almost 10 percent off energy bills, Octopus said. They challenged families to make a few small changes to their usage as wholesale prices surge due to rising demand globally. Octopus estimates that on average, turning the water flow temperature down will save people eight percent on gas bills. They suggest that Britons should set their hot water cylinder to 60c. The control for their cylinder is usually one third of the way up the tank. If someone has a hot water cylinder, they should keep the dial on 60 degrees or more to stop bacteria like legionella from multiplying. Individuals that have a combi boiler, don't need to worry as legionella only breeds in standing water and combis keep it flowing.