  Television advert icon Michael Redfern, who appeared alongside his on-screen wife Lynda Bellingham in the long-running Oxo commercials between 1983 and 1999, has died. The actor’s family confirmed he has died aged 79, as his son paid tribute to his late dad.      Michael died last Friday at his home in Spain following an illness, his family announced. His son Ashley said: "Over the years, he was cast in a variety of roles including leading parts in the soap opera United!, The Newcomers as well as roles in classics such as The Two Ronnies, Porridge and Some Mothers Do Av ‘Em. "He of course was best known for his role in the Oxo commercials, which he did for 17 years and became a much loved figure in one of Britain's favourite television families. "He will be greatly missed by his wife Carol and his family,” he told The Mirror. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday   Michael will be best remembered for his role as the dad in Oxo’s iconic adverts, lighting up the screen with his trademark moustache for 16 years. Lynda, who played his wife the Oxo mum in the ads, died back in 2016 with her husband by her side. He previously said of working with Lynda: "I was a face but she was a name and a very good actress." The former Loose Women panellist announced she had been diagnosed with colorectal cancer in July 2013 and stopped her chemotherapy in August 2014, confirming she had months to live.    Aside from his role in the Oxo adverts, Michael appeared in some classic comedy shows, including Porridge and The Two Ronnies. He has also undertaken roles in shows including The Young Detectives, Crossroads, The Offence, And Mother Makes Five, George & Mildred, Robin's Nest, The Young Ones, Filthy, Rich and Catflap, Boon and Fool's Gold: The Story of the Brink's-Mat Robbery. Additionally, Michael starred in episodes of EastEnders and Doctors on the BBC. He appeared in several soap operas, most notably starring in 59 episodes of United! and 128 episodes of The Newcomers.     In his later life, he worked as a taxi driver before moving to Spain following the success of the Oxo adverts. He decided to keep a low profile due to his newfound fame as the face of Oxo, admitting that it caused his work to “dry up over the years” but that it was a “very happy job”. Tributes to the actor have started arriving on Twitter, with Louise Penn writing: “Farewell to Oxo dad Michael Redfern, who has passed away aged 79.    “What a great run of adverts he did with Lynda Bellingham and their screen children!” Anthony Beck added: “Michael Redfern has departed this life, A sad loss R.I.P.” (sic) Michael was born in Isleworth, Middlesex, and was a devoted father and loving husband to wife Carol.  