The heir to the throne set up a China Council of his Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) yesterday with the support of the Communist country’s Vice Premier Hu Chunhua. It was launched in Jiangxi, the southeast province known as the Cradle of the Chinese Revolution, and was addressed on video by both Charles and the Vice Premier. The SMI, launched by Charles at the World Economic Forum annual meeting in Davos in 2020, aims to bring together leading international figures from the public and private sectors as well as philanthropists to find ways to rapidly decarbonise the global economy and cut out the greenhouse gases causing climate change. China, which generates almost a third of global carbon emissions, is by far the world’s biggest polluter, emitting almost twice as much carbon dioxide as the second largest, the United States. But Clarence House diplomatically stressed yesterday that China is also the biggest investor in renewable energy. The country is the largest producer of wind and solar energy. In a video message to mark the launch of his China Council, Charles said: “Climate change and biodiversity loss, as two of the world’s most dire and pressing threats, simply cannot be solved without China.  “At COP26 in Glasgow, and through China’s Presidency of COP15, the world has made some progress towards a Net Zero, biodiversity-positive and sustainable future.  But governments cannot achieve these goals alone. Industry must play a central role in our efforts to accelerate the green transition. Mobilising finance will be crucial.” He added: “The Sustainable Markets Initiative brings together the world’s leading businesses to collaborate and invest in the future. “China is home to the world’s biggest banks and insurers. Chinese companies are also world leaders in green technologies from electric vehicles to renewable energy. So, your collective action through the SMI China Council will play a vital role in the global transition to a greener economy.” A series of meetings bringing together Chinese business leaders, politicians, and others is planned by the new China Council. 