During her early days as Princess Elizabeth, the Queen experienced a fairly quiet childhood as third in line to the throne. The reigning-monarch grew up in a close-knit family of four, having been joined by her younger sister, the late Princess Margaret in 1930. Speaking on the One Way Ticket Show podcast, royal commentator Victoria Arbiter claimed that the sweet nicknames given to the Queen and Margaret, by their late father King George VI, reveals the type of childhood they had. She noted that during the early part of the Queen and Princess Margaret's childhood, their father wasn't "burdened" by the "threat of Kingship". Due to this, both Queen Elizabeth, later referred to as the Queen Mother, and their father, later King George VI, were "home for bathtime, and bedtime" and it was an "idyllic" childhood. She added: "King George referred to Elizabeth as his 'pride' and Margaret [as] his 'joy'. "So the girls did grow up incredibly close because, in their respects to, they were their only playmates for eachother. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan RETURN to UK: Sussexes set date to ‘visit charities close to their heart’ "They had to rely on eachother a lot". She continued: "They grew up in a very tight-knit family. "Both of their parents were incredibly hands-on." Despite being the younger sister of Elizabeth, Princess Margaret was arguably one of the most popular royals in modern history. READ MORE: 'Always the favourite' Surprise moment Queen and Philip's preferred child was laid bare Rachael Lloyd, a relationship expert from eharmony spoke previously to Express.co.uk to analyse the relationship between Elizabeth and Margaret as children. She claimed that the sisters were "extremely close". Ms Lloyd added: "Though on the surface incompatible, their differences in character made them extremely complementary.” She referred to the sisters as being like "twins of differing ages" with their matching outfits. DON'T MISS 'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview  [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] Princess Elizabeth became Queen Elizabeth II in February 1952 aged 25, following the death of King George VI. In 2022, she celebrated 70 years on the throne. She is the longest-serving British monarch. READ NEXT: