Giovanni Pernice and EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis were crowned the winners of Strictly Come Dancing 2021 after winning the hearts of the nation. The Italian dancer is returning to the BBC One programme later this year for the 20th series. Ahead of the milestone season airing, the 31-year-old revealed he's "more than ready to be partnered with a man".  The excitement is building towards the upcoming series of Strictly Come Dancing which will once again be presented by Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman. The BBC has been announcing the celebrities who will be taking part in the ballroom dancing show in recent days. As of Monday, the stars taking part in the series include Matt Goss, Tyler West, Ellie Simmonds, Jayde Adams, Kaye Adams, Richie Anderson, Kym Marsh and Will Mellor. BBC Radio Two presenter Richie was revealed as the third contestant waltzing their way onto Strictly Come Dancing this autumn. READ MORE: Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!' The star revealed he will be part of an all-male partnership, telling the BBC: "It’s a massive honour to be part of an all-male dance partnership, it’s so important we have that inclusion on such a huge show.” He added: "This is a dream come true! I cannot wait to get in those sparkles and sequins and shimmy across the most famous dance floor in the world." Speculation has been mounting Giovanni could be the professional dancer paired with Richie. It comes after the Glitterball Trophy winner said: "If the production people come to me and say, 'Listen Giovanni we’d love you to be partnered with a man,' I’d say 'Yes.'  "I am more than ready to be partnered with a man," he added to The Sun. "It would give me a chance to challenge myself with new routines, you have to think more about it." Giovanni has had great success on Strictly Come Dancing, having won the show once and making it into the coveted final on four occasions. He was even awarded a BAFTA for his beautiful silent dance routine with Rose to Symphony by Clean Bandit. DON'T MISS...Giovanni Pernice has perfect response as fan quizzes his love life [INSIGHT]Giovanni Pernice gushes over his ‘leading lady’ following announcement [UPDATE]Giovanni Pernice on turning down Strictly Come Dancing [INTERVIEW] BBC bosses recently revealed the names of the new professionals joining the show. They are called Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley, and Michelle Tsiakkas. The new dancers will be accompanying fan-favourites Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer, Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Cameron Lombard, Gorka Marquez, Luba Mushtuk, Jowita Przystal, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington and Nancy Xu. The judging panel for 2022 will consist of Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and head judge Shirley Ballas.  The official partnerships for the 2022 series are yet to be announced. Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One in September. 