Officers investigating the attack of Lucky the cocker spaniel are said to have questioned five men in connection with the incident. Durham Constabulary was originally called after Lucky was reportedly stolen from a garden last Wednesday. She was later found injured - and despite receiving treatment, sadly had to be put down.    Lucky's owner Angela Clennell has been left heartbroken ever since she passed away on Friday, ChronicleLive reports. The pup suffered from extensive burns, as she was "doused with petrol" before being "set alight" and suffered burns on more than 50% of her body. Angela was told Lucky would probably not survive treatment and tragically, Lucky had to be put to sleep due to the extent of her injuries. Angela was told by a specialist that this was the "worst case he had seen" and he said keeping Lucky alive would only prolong her suffering. Officers have since confirmed that five men have been interviewed. The men – one of whom was arrested and four who attended voluntarily on suspicion of conspiracy to commit theft and arsonb– are assisting officers with their enquiries and have been released under investigation. Angela said Lucky's death has "devastated her" and said she was just "an innocent dog". She said: "Her injuries were absolutely horrific, she was unrecognisable. She had burns to over 50 per cent of her body. She was receiving treatment at the vets and we took her to the animal hospital yesterday afternoon. Her skin was going hard because burns get worse the more the day goes on.  "The hospital examined her and they said due to the extent of her injuries she would have to be put to sleep. They said if she was a human they could put her in a coma and do a skin graft but they can't do that with a dog. They said she probably wouldn't survive and that keeping her alive would just prolong her suffering. I just broke down, it absolutely broke me. "She was an innocent dog that has done nothing to anybody, she was such a loving dog. She was really placid, she was a really happy dog, who was always wagging her tail and now she's gone. "The vet said it was the worst case he had seen and he's a specialist on skin burns. It has just absolutely devastated me and I'm so angry. It's just horrific." Following the incident, a Go Fund Me page was set up and within just days more than £8,600 was raised to go towards Lucky's vet fees. However, ever since Lucky passed away, Angela repurposed the page in a bid to get justice for Lucky with the remaining money going towards the reward for information that leads to prosecution. So far more than £10,200 has been raised.  Detective Inspector Daniel Peacock said: "We are satisfied this is a targeted attack. We are confident there is no wider threat to other dogs in our community and it is not linked to the theft of dogs for purposes of breeding or sale. "Our investigation into this horrific incident is ongoing and we would appreciate anyone who may have seen something to come forward and speak to us. We understand how impactive incidents like this are and are asking for information from our communities to assist the investigation and bring the offenders to justice." Anyone with any information is asked to call Durham Constabulary on 101, quoting incident reference 467 of July 27 or via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. 