Foxes in the countryside fascinate many, especially when a family with cubs appear. For those living in cities or large towns, foxes can be a nuisance, especially if they make your garden their home. Here’s how you can safely deter foxes from digging your soil, marking their territory on your lawn or rummaging through your compost heap for leftover scraps. After all, “foxes will not return if they have no reason to”. Foxes have a very strong sense of smell and eat almost anything, and gardens with small animals, chickens or rabbits for instance, or bird food, accessible bins, and fruit and vegetable crops are all particularly appealing to them. But using certain smells in your garden can deter them, for example chillies and garlic. Gardeners World suggests infusing the two in boiling water and spraying it around the garden as a repellent. There are other animal repellents available to buy, but read the manufactuerers’ instructions carefully as they can be a risk to other wildlife. READ MORE: Where to keep your hanging baskets - will ‘thrive’ in hot weather If a fox has marked its territory in your garden, it can take a while for them to move on, and if they feel their territory is threatened, they may increase the amount of markings. Another way to deter foxes and their markings is by using human hair clippings to leave “human smell” around your garden. Foxes, like many other animals, like to feel safe and secure, so overgrown areas in a garden can act as shelter for them. To stop foxes making your garden their home, trim back your lawn, pull up any weeds and clear any garden waste sitting around. Remember, overgrown or naturally wild areas are also homes to lots of other wildlife, such as hedgehogs, and many insects. DON'T MISS...How to stop your kitchen sink smelling & remove thick gunk from drain [VIDEO]Lilibet’s ‘dramatic flair in life’ won’t ‘suit the monarchy’ [EXPERT]Aldi recalls popular garden Specialbuy - full details [NEWS] A motion sensor light or LED lights are a great way to stop foxes from returning. Pol Bishop, a gardening expert working for Fantastic Gardeners said: “Foxes hate light. They will often get spooked and run away if any sudden lighting appears. “I strongly recommend investing in a sensitive motion sensor light and attach it close to where the fox often goes. It’s a very effective way to deter them from your garden,” he told Real Homes. Sprinklers can also be used to deter foxes as they are easily scared by a burst of water. However, there are currently hosepipe bans in place across England, so the option of using a sprinkler to deter foxes shouldn’t be considered. High-pitched ultrasonic fox deterrents are also available, and while they are inaudible to humans, foxes, and other wildlife can hear them, and while they are effective, they can cause distress. READ MORE: How to get rid of ants 'before they’ve even had a chance' Foxes will eat anything they can get their hands on, so if you’ve got bird feed lying around, make sure it’s out of reach, and clear up any spillage the birds may have caused below. Livestock such as chickens and rabbies should also be protected from foxes, and check the bins are secure and tidy. When placing rubbish in bins, make sure the bags are tightly sealed and that any rubbish that goes oout for collection is in a closed bin. Foxes also enjoy eating fruit, so if you have fruit trees or bushes, ensure any fallen fruit is picked up daily, and protect any fruit and veg crops you might have, that a fox might be able to reach easily. If you’ve done all of the above, the final things to do is block any access to your garden. Check your fence for holes or gaps, and close them up, you can also grow dense prickly plants at your property border as a natural deterent. But, this could also stop other widlife from entering your garden, such as hedgehogs who benefit from holes in fences when searching for food. Foxes can also jump up to two metres heigh, so blocking holes may not actually deter foxes.