Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has cast doubt over Cristiano Ronaldo's future for the first time after Saturday's 1-0 win at Southampton. Bruno Fernandes' second-half strike secured back-to-back Premier League victories, but the post-match questioning once again gravitated towards Ten Hag's wantaway number seven. Ronaldo started on the bench for the second successive outing and third time in four Premier League games this season at St. Mary's. The 37-year-old took to the pitch for Jadon Sancho after 68 minutes and looked lethargic and ineffective as United fought to hold onto their narrow lead. After full-time, Ten Hag was asked whether Ronaldo would be at Old Trafford beyond the September 1 transfer deadline. And despite spending the whole summer insisting the Portuguese icon is in his plans, he was interestingly coy on his future with five days of the window left. He said: "I can't say that [Ronaldo will stay]. We will be alert until the last second in the transfer market." The Dutchman added that United would 'strike' if the right players become available in the coming days. "I cannot say that [whether United will be active before the deadline]," Ten Hag explained. "If there are players available, then we will strike." JUST IN: Fofana appears to confirm Chelsea transfer with response to Lineker United are actively pursuing Ajax winger Antony and saw a £76million bid rejected on Friday. The 22-year-old Brazilian is understood to be Ten Hag's priority target before the window slams shuts, and he is pushing to force through a reunion with his former boss. After Dean Henderson's loan move to Nottingham Forest, the Red Devils also want to sign a backup goalkeeper to compete with David de Gea. While hopes of a right-back and another central midfielder likely rely on player sales, with James Garner thought to be nearing an exit. READ MORE: Man Utd’s best four players as Fernandes scores in Southampton win Ronaldo's exit this summer would feel more probable if there was a standout suitor for his signature, but a lack of interest is why he is still at United. Murmurs are growing about Napoli as Jorge Mendes works around the clock to find the five-time Ballon d'Or winner a Champions League club. However, there has been no concrete approach, and United's 'not-for-sale' stance will only strengthen as the deadline looms larger. Ten Hag is thought to be happy to let Ronaldo leave, but he will want a sufficient replacement and time is running out to ensure he would receive it at the start of a hectic campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here