Almost three-quarters of drivers have had a “near-miss” road accident, but most have never reported dangerous driving. Over a third of these near-misses (36 percent) were potentially life-threatening, with half believing they would have been the victim if the accident had taken place. Drivers see many incidents of illegal driving every week, on average 14 separate instances. These are most commonly speeding, which 67 percent of drivers surveyed said they saw on a weekly basis. This was followed by failing to indicate (60 percent), tailgating (52 percent), and dangerous overtaking (52 percent). Bryn Brooker, Head of Road Safety at Nextbase, said: "We created the Portal to make roads safer. READ MORE: Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%' “Road users can send in video from any device and help to get dangerous drivers off the road. “Police aren’t just sitting on these videos – they are using them. Almost every force in the country is now signed up, with the remaining handful intending to do so soon. “The system we built four years ago is not only helping police, it is removing dangerous drivers from the road.” Drivers are being warned, however, as they could face fines for having a dash cam. DON'T MISSMassive driving licence change as HGV change means YOU could drive one [INSIGHT]Caravan owners warned of fines and points after major new law changes [WARNING]Electric car infrastructure struggling to keep up before 2030 car ban [ANALYSIS] According to the Highway Code, windscreens and windows “must be kept clean and free from obstructions to vision”. If a driver fails to do this, they could face a £200 fine and six penalty points. When positioning a dash cam, motorists should be sure to place it in a way that does not obstruct their view of the road. Also, if the dash cam hinders their field of vision while driving, the footage recorded may be inadmissible if used in a court case in the eventuality of an incident. So to avoid a fine, fit the dash camera in the centre at the bottom of the windshield or behind the rearview mirror to avoid obstructing the view whilst driving. Similarly, the police can request dash cam footage in order to prosecute the driver. The use of a dash cam has been described as a “two-way street” as the police can use someone’s own footage to prosecute them. The memory card from the camera can be seized by authorities if they suspect that an offence has been committed. Many drivers have been caught out by their footage acting as evidence against them. Tom Preston, Founder of Hippo Leasing says: “Having a dash cam in your vehicle is the best way to protect yourself in the event of an accident or an insurance claim. “Not only can the footage captured be used to bring premiums down, but it can also be used as vital evidence in court. “We would recommend motorists be mindful of where they position their dash cam gadget so as not to obstruct their view of the road, and to put it away into the glove compartment when the vehicle is not in use in order to deter thieves. “For those planning on driving abroad this summer, be sure to double check legislation for recording on dash cams in the country or countries you visit to avoid inadvertently breaking the law.”