The much-loved sitcom The Good Life ran from 1975 until June 1978 when it ended with a special Royal Command Performance to celebrate Her Majesty's reign. The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh were present for the recording of the episode When I'm 65. The cast and crew of the BBC series were presented to the Queen and Prince Philip after the recording of the special episode. It was originally broadcast at 30-minutes long with footage of the Royal Party entering and exiting the studio. It was the first time the Queen had ever attended a recording of a television series to celebrate her Silver Jubilee. However, it didn't come about easily. READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview Buckingham Palace were asked what the Queen's favourite show was, with the BBC being told it was The Good Life. However, the sitcom came to an end before the Queen could watch its recording. A Christmas special was commissioned with the intention of the Queen attending but she was not available on the dates of filming. So the series aired a one-off special just for Her Majesty in June 1978, after the jubilee year. None the less, it was a great success and the perfect way to end the popular series. In Channel 5's The Good Life: Secrets and Scandals, it's revealed the Queen didn't want any "cheap laughs" included in the episode. "In the episode, a routine medical check up for Jerry causes both couples to worry about their fitness and retirement plans, which leads to some hilarious attempts to get in shape," the narrator explains. In a clip from the episode, Margo (Penelope Keith) is clearly unimpressed as Barbara (Felicity Kendal) tries to work out on their new exercise bike. DON'T MISS...The Good Life's Felicity Kendal claimed 'infidelity' sparked divorce [LATEST]Felicity Kendal's healthy concoction to avoid 'killer' diseases  [INSIGHT]Felicity Kendal hit-out at 'slippery slope' of political correctness [INSIGHT] She insists they take the fitness item back to the shop as she "doesn't like it". Referencing the royal episode, Gina Esmonde stated: "They specifically wanted it to be a normal programme. "They didn't want to mention things like corgis and things like that. "They didn't want to make her feel like it was something they'd just slotted in for cheap laughs. "They just wanted it to be a normal episode, which I think it was." It was later reported by actor Paul Eddington that despite being told The Good Life was the Queen's favourite telvision programme, she questioned "Who is Felicity Kendal?" when she arrived. The Good Life: Secrets and Scandals is available on to watch on MY5 now.