KSI is set to face fellow YouTuber Alex Wassabi in a boxing match on August 27, but the bout is reportedly in doubt after Wassabi suffered an injury. KSI has not fought since beating Logan Paul by split decision in their rematch in November 2019. Wassabi, meanwhile, beat KSI's younger brother Deji in March this year. However, Wassabi has reportedly picked up an injury and may be forced to pull out of the bout. Fellow YouTuber Keemstar, who hosts internet news show Drama Alert said: "Ladies and gentleman, this is breaking news. Wassabi is injured. "Now I’ve heard two different injuries, I’ve heard concussions, I’ve heard a broken hand. It’s coming from a source from close to Wassabi’s camp. "I have another source close to Wassabi’s camp. This is what is happening right now. I have double checked, I have crossed my t’s, dotted my i’s on this. JUST IN: Jake Paul makes KSI fight prediction as he raises question over 'risk'   "Wassabi is injured. And there is a fear right now that he won’t be fighting KSI on August 27." However, he added that if Wassabi does pull out of the fight, a replacement has been lined up to face KSI instead. He continued: "Will the event be cancelled? No. "I can tell you for a fact the event will not be cancelled, though, because I talked to Misfits Boxing (organisers of the event) months ago, and they've always said if someone pulls out of the fight they will be replaced. "So I don’t think August 27 has any chance of ever being cancelled. But there is a chance we won’t see Alex Wassabi." DON'T MISSUsyk fired fresh Joshua warning as Groves comments backed upCommonwealth Games boxing ref called out for 'ludicrous' decisionDeontay Wilder leaves boxing fans perplexed ahead of comeback Shortly before Keemstar broke the news, KSI tweeted "Life is so funny sometimes", followed by a string of laughing emojis. Fellow YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul, who recently cancelled a fight with Hasim Rahman Jr, tweeted "HAHAHHAHAHAHA KARMAS A B****" shortly after.