Actor and filmmaker Tyler Parry said he was “incredibly proud to see how happy” Meghan, Harry and their two children are after the duchess endured “things that would have broken a lot of people”. Mr Parry paid tribute to the 41-year-old on her birthday, which took place last Thursday, branding her “ Princess Meghan”.  The 52-year-old shared a photo of the former Suits actress kissing the hand of eight-year-old Amara Nenguke in 2019, when she visited Cape Town charity Mothers2Mothers, which supports mothers with HIV in South Africa. He captioned the photo on Instagram: “ I’ve had a front row seat in your life for the past few years. “I’ve watched you endure things that would have broken a lot of people. I'm so incredibly proud to see how happy you, your husband, and your kids are now. “It fills me with joy to say Happy Birthday Princess Meghan.” Meghan and Mr Parry are close friends and it is widely reported that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex even spent the coronavirus lockdown in his LA mansion. Harry and Meghan were reportedly staying at the entertainment mogul’s $18 million, 12-bedroom, eight-bathroom Beverly Hills mansion when the nation was shut down.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Height of ignorance' Meghan faces US backlash He also is represented by some of the team working with Meghan and Harry in LA. Meghan and Harry have kept their children out of the limelight since they made the sensational decision to quit the Firm and move to the US. But Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, returned to the UK with their parents in June to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'redialling their message' in 'obsessive campaign' [OPINION]'Quite a statement' Queen broke royal tradition to address interview [REVEALED]Democrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential run [INSIGHT] Although, the children were not seen at any of the public events, they are thought to have enjoyed a private lunch with the Queen. It was the first time the monarch met Lilibet and had seen Archie since the Sussexes moved State side. And Lilibet even celebrated her 1st birthday during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations when her parents held a small informal party to celebrate their daughter’s milestone birthday over the same weekend.  The Sussexes also released a stunning portrait of Lilibet-Diana, which was taken by photographer Misan Harriman, who also photographed the couple beneath a magnificent tree ahead of their pregnancy announcement. In early 2021, Harry spoke about enjoying living in the US also for the freedom he has gained to carry out certain activities with his firstborn son Archie. During the Sussexes' groundbreaking interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duke said: "To have outdoor space where I can go for walks with Archie, and we can go for walks as a family and with the dogs, and we can go on hikes — we’ll go down to the beach, which is so close — all of these things are just...  "I guess, the highlight for me is sticking him on the back of the bicycle in his little baby seat and taking him on these bike rides, which is something I was never able to do when I was young. "I can see him on the back and he’s got his arms out and he’s like, ‘Whoo!’ chatting, chatting, chatting, going, ‘Palm tree! House!’ and all this sort of stuff."