Raphael Varane’s camp were concerned the Erik ten Hag wasn’t ‘sold’ on the Manchester United star earlier in the summer, according to reports. The France international struggled with injuries during his maiden season at Old Trafford after joining from Real Madrid last year. However, hopes are high he’ll be better and fitter this time around. Varane was signed by United a year ago, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer believing the France international would be the perfect centre-back partner for Harry Maguire. Yet the 29-year-old, who won the lot during his glittering spell at Real Madrid, was restricted to just 22 Premier League appearances during his maiden season at the club. Back in the summer, Ten Hag sent Varane on an individual training programme in the hope it would get him back to his Real Madrid best. And the Daily Telegraph say this prompted concerns from the defender’s camp that his new manager ‘wasn’t sold’ on him. Varane then found himself left on the bench for United’s first two Premier League matches, with his side struggling in his absence. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers They were beaten 2-1 in their opening fixture against Brighton, with Pascal Gross netting a brace to give the visitors all three points. And they then proceeded to lose 4-0 to Brentford, with Varane introduced at half-time after goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo gave the visitors an unassailable lead. Since then, however, the Frenchman has been reinstated to the side. He and Lisandro Martinez were able to keep Robert Firmino quiet as United beat Liverpool 2-1 last week, with Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho both on target And Varane impressed again as the Red Devils held their nerve to see off Southampton on Saturday, with Bruno Fernandes netting the winner on that occasion. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Right now, the former Real Madrid star looks undroppable. And it’s feasible he’ll keep his place when United lock horns with Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Thursday night (8pm). United will go into that fixture hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened in the same game last term, when Solskjaer was in the dugout. Leicester ran riot on home turf, winning 4-2 with Rashford and Mason Greenwood merely managing to net consolations. Ten Hag, meanwhile, recently opened up on Varane and hailed the defender as ‘immense’, explaining his pre-season decision in the process. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Varane, his stature is immense,” stated the Dutchman. “In pre-season, we had to build his physicality, so it was a bit of a slower start, and he was fit in the first games but in the first period of the pre-season, he wasn’t always, so we’re happy we built him in that way. “You see that when the team needed him, he was really there and his profile, his stature, what he won in the past, shows he can really contribute to this team.” Varane himself has opened up on various topics in a fans' Q&A session posted on United’s official website. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team He explained wearing the No 19 shirt by saying: “The number 19 was my first number when I arrived in Real Madrid, so I wanted to do the same thing in another great club.” And when asked about what makes United such a special club, he added: “I think Old Trafford, it’s special. “I think the fans are amazing. “We feel the support all the time and everywhere in the world.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here