If you're making a fruit salad or smoothie, or even baking a banana cake, you're going to need ripe bananas. However, the ones in your fruit bowl may currently be a little bit firm and green. Usually, if you purchase green bananas from a supermarket, they will take three to four days to fully ripen. Taste of Home shared how to ripen a banana is no more than 20 minutes. All banana lovers need for this method is their banana (or bananas), a baking sheet and an oven. Place a banana on a baking sheet in the oven at 250 degrees celcius. Ensure that the banana is warm and unpeeled before placing it in. Leave it for 15 minutes and take a look, putting it back in the oven for a further five minutes if needed. READ MORE: Easy food storage hack to revive vegetables - 'keep their crunch' The time the banana spends in the oven shouldn't exceed 20 minutes. While the tip does work to ripen bananas fast, Taste of Home shared a warning. The website reads: "It’s not quite as effective as letting bananas ripen naturally, but it will soften and sweeten your fruit in a pinch." Alternatively, you can allegedly use the power of cold - as well as hot - to ripen bananas fast. Placing your bananas in the freezer for a few hours should do the trick, according to Taste of Home. However, they added: "Their peels will blacken, but the fruit won’t get quite as soft or sweet as if they ripened at room temp." These methods are best for recipes that require over-ripe bananas, for example banana bread or banana oatmeal. But if you aren't keen on using these quick methods to ripening a banana, there are certainly uses for fruits that are not yet ready. READ MORE: Update: Tesco recalls popular snack due to undeclared ingredient According to Delish, a very firm, very underripe banana that is on the green side is best cooked. Recipes may include fried green bananas or green banana curry. As for underripe bananas that are firm and half starchy, half sweet, these can be eaten raw - they just won't be super creamy. Alternatively, they could be pan fried and served with honey or syrup. When it comes to bananas that are just perfect, these can be best enjoyed raw - perhaps in a fruit salad or even on its own - or in desserts. Ripe bananas are a fabulous edition to a fruit smoothie, or could even be grilled. Very ripe bananas that are especially sweet can still be eaten raw, but also work in gooey banana pancakes or banana muffins. Finally, overripe bananas can be super mushy, and are suitable for desserts such as banana bread or banana oatmeal. These can also be frozen for later use.