The UK Government asked figures in the food and drink industry for their views on how major power outages could affect food supplies in the UK. This comes amid growing concern over the impact of the energy crisis this winter. According to PoliticsHome, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) told industry figures it considers blackouts to be theoretically possible. It asked Defra to provide guidance as to which food supply chains would be most vulnerable, should blackouts occur. Food prices across the country are already soaring amid the mounting cost of living crisis. Earlier today it was claimed the UK could be faced with up to four days of power cuts and blackouts in January, as part of a winter contingency plan. The Government's "reasonable worst-case scenario" plan reportedly shows that Britain could face an electricity capacity shortfall totalling about a sixth of peak demand. The shortage would occur even after emergency coal plants have been fired up, according to people familiar with the government’s planning who spoke to Bloomberg. This would mean the UK could be forced to endure organised blackouts for industry and even households. Under the plans, below-average temperatures and reduced electricity imports from Norway could result in Britain needing to trigger emergency measures to conserve gas for four days. The issue is expected to be exacerbated by Norway's recent announcement that the country plans to limit its energy exports to the UK and Europe this winter. READ MORE: FOUR days of UK power cuts and blackouts in January warning This could mean that fuel rationing in the UK becomes necessary. The UK is expected to be more dependent than ever on the Continent for power this winter. The National Grid expects the UK to be able to draw on 5.7 gigawatts of power from Europe – equal to around 10 percent of demand at peak times. But around a quarter of this figure, 1.4gigawatts, is expected to come from Norway. DON'T MISS: UK fuel rationing fears: Emergency as Norway threatens export limit [INSIGHT] Energy crisis horror: UK’s ‘toxic’ gas exports to EU spark panic [REVEAL]Energy bill warning issued as prices to hit £4,266 [INSIGHT] However, speaking about the threat of four-day power cuts, a spokesperson for the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) said: "This is wilfully misleading and not something we expect to happen. "We are not dependent on Russian energy imports, unlike Europe, with access to our own North Sea gas reserves, steady imports from reliable partners, the second largest LNG port infrastructure in Europe, and a gas supply underpinned by robust legal contracts, meaning households, businesses and industry can be confident they will get the electricity and gas they need." The Norwegian government also announced new rules limiting the sale of power to foreign countries earlier this week. This comes as the country's hydroelectric power plants - which generate the majority of its energy - are being threatened by unusually hot and dry weather. The announcement comes amid growing anger in Norway over rising domestic energy prices. Kathryn Porter, an energy consultant at Watt-Logic, said the newly proposed measures "put at risk the ability of Britain to import from Norway this winter". She added: "National Grid ESO needs to urgently update its winter outlook taking account of this threat to Britain's energy security. "Longer term, we need to develop more domestic generation and rely less on imports."