Award-winning actress Brenda Blethyn is perhaps best known for her leading role in the ITV drama series Vera where she portrays DCI Vera Stanhope. Her acting career spans over half a century, but Brenda had another career before she was ever handed a script. The 76-year-old had an administrative career before attending acting school and has spoken out on why "failure is alright". During an episode on BBC Radio 4's Saturday Live, Brenda said she was in her late twenties when she attended drama school in Guildford, Surrey. But her marriage to her first husband Alan Blethyn broke down when she started acting school, with Brenda admitting her entire life completely changed from her job to her bank balance. "It was quite a brave thing to do, but I am so glad I did it," she said. "My parents were only concerned that I was happy so I did not tell them straight away. "It was a couple of months into my course that I told them," Brenda admitted. "My mum said, 'Well if you do this acting all day long, when do you earn your money?'" READ MORE: Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement When addressing her career change, Brenda offered some valuable words of advice her late father William Charles Bottle used to tell her and her siblings. She explained: "You shouldn't put off trying things, I think people put off trying things for fear of failure. "Failure is perfectly alright if you have really, really, tried hard and my dad used to instil that in us. "If I have tried and I have failed that is okay, there is no shame in failure at all."  The podcast host joked that Brenda was very bad at failing, quipping: "You seem to have failed very successfully." Brenda has been the recipient of a Golden Globe, and a BAFTA and has even been nominated for an Academy Award for her stellar performances. Reflecting on her childhood in Kent, she said: "I am the youngest of nine and it's great having a big family but by the time, of course, the older lot had gone off to seek their fortunes [when I came along]." Opening up about her career before acting, she said: "I did what most girls did in those days which was become a secretary and while I was working at British Rail I was asked to help out at a drama school." DON'T MISS...Vera bosses delivers disappointing update on new episodes [EXPLAINER]Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn details challenge of iconic Vera character trait [INTERVIEW] One thing led to another and Brenda soon found herself enjoying being part of theatre productions in front of an audience. "It never entered my head that I would ever be on television or film", she admitted. Her acting career took off and she secured roles in Grown Ups, King Lear, Chance in a Million and The Witches. Brenda believes her mother, Louisa Kathleen Bottle, would have succeeded in the film industry too.  Brenda explained: "My mum should have been an actress, she was the most wonderful woman and a very hard-working woman as you can imagine with all these babies coming her way. "We were as poor as church mice but everyone was in the same boat just after the war. "But they always maintained the most wonderful sense of humour and while there would be rows and a heavy atmosphere at times it was always counterbalanced by long spells of laughter." Saturday Live with Brenda Blethyn is available to listen to on BBC Sounds. 