Those in Manchester spend the least time outside, with just five hours a week spent enjoying green space – closely followed by Bristol (five hours and 20 minutes). At the other end of the scale, Southampton spends the longest outdoors, getting a weekly seven hours and 23 minutes out in the sun. And residents in Edinburgh will leave the house for six hours and 58 minutes each week. In a bid to encourage people to enjoy the great outdoors more this summer, Magners has teamed up with radio host and TV presenter Roman Kemp, to give people the opportunity to host their very own garden parties in some of the UK’s most unique and desirable back gardens. Iain Telford, spokesman for the cider brand, which carried out the research, said: “With temperatures reaching record highs, we wanted to provide something special for people this summer. “Not all of us have access to a private garden or have large outdoor spaces nearby, so we’re excited to be able to offer some incredible dwellings which have been hand selected to absolutely wow the nation. “There’s really nothing better than being outdoors on a hot day, and we’re excited to help hundreds to enjoy this experience from the comfort of a beautiful private garden.” The study revealed that despite the findings, two-thirds (65 percent) would actually prefer to socialise and enjoy drinks with friends and family outdoors, rather than inside. And more than six in ten (62 percent) agree the lockdowns have made them appreciate outdoor spaces more than ever before. Of those who do enjoy leaving the house, almost half (48 percent) immediately feel less stressed, with 46 percent feeling joy and happiness. And 45 percent usually feel calmer, while one in three (34 percent) will sleep better that night. For people needing to focus, 21 percent get a restored capacity for concentration and attention. Roman Kemp said: “I love bringing people together, and throughout the summer, you really can't beat a garden party, especially in this glorious weather. “When the parks are full, what better way to enjoy the sunshine than in your own private tropical retreat? And for one lucky group, I'll be making a surprise appearance.” LEAST TIME SPENT OUTDOORS WEEKLY: