Inflation hit a staggering 10.1 percent as of July, but with energy bills forecast to increase a further 30 percent in October, this figure is only expected to rise higher. While rising living costs are bearing a phenomenal weight on household finances, many are looking for ways to find some extra money to stay afloat. Fortunately, there are some effective tips and tricks to cut costs in the face of rising costs, as well as put some money away while doing it. From cashback apps to wiser bill payments, here are six top tips to boost the bank balance. This one’s old but gold. For those looking to build up a savings pot, they can try out the 1p savings challenge to accumulate over £650 savings in one year. To do it, simply save one penny on day one, 2p on day two, 3p on the third day and so on.  READ MORE: Mum’s money saving tip could save you £250 a month  Another good way to make a saving is to schedule yourself a ‘no spend weekend’, at least once a month. Instead, use this time to enjoy free activities, like walks, museums, and board games. Barclays experts said: “If you use up any leftover food from the week as well, this can all really make your salary go further every month.” There are also ways to make money from purchases, believe it or not. A number of cashback apps and sites are in circulation, such as ZIPZERO, Topcashback, Quidco, and Shoppix to name a few, that allow users to make some money back from purchases they make.  Depending on the app and its terms, all users generally have to do is snap a picture of the receipt of any purchase to get ‘rewards’. When users share insight into purchases to the choice app, it can then give personalised offers. ZIPZERO explained: “Every time you shop with one of our retail partners and earn a premium reward, ZIPZERO earns a commission from processing the sale. “We use the majority of this commission to cover the rewards you earn from sharing your data within the app. This is how we close the loop on a fair consumer exchange.” Users of ZIPZERO can then also use these rewards to take money off utility bills.  DON'T MISS:Energy bills: Three simple tricks could help save money [ANALYSIS]Mum shares two simple tricks to save money on your food shop [INSIGHT]Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000 [EXPLAINED]    Another top savings tip is to save as much as you intend to splurge. Experts at Barclays tipped: “Next time you want to buy a treat from your usual spending money – a £30 dress, say – make yourself save the £30 first. “For example, stop yourself buying that coffee out (£3 saved), make a few extra veggie meals (£10 saved etc) until you hit £30. “Now switch this sum from your current account into your savings account. This way, you’ll save extra, get in the habit of cutting back on spending and give yourself time to make sure you really want that dress.” Married couples could potentially make a saving by carrying out a personal allowance transfer. The personal allowance is a portion of wages that are completely untaxable, and this Financial year, the amount people can earn untaxed is £12,570. Martin Gurney, tax expert at Haines Watts Swindon previously told Express.co.uk: “Where your spouse or civil partner does not use all of their Personal Allowance, consider jointly electing to transfer an element to you - if you are a basic rate taxpayer - to reduce your family tax burden.” The Marriage Allowance lets people transfer £1,260 of their Personal Allowance to their husband, wife or civil partner - and recent data indicates that up to 2.4 million qualifying UK couples are missing out on this. If eligible, the Marriage Allowance can reduce tax by up to £252 in the tax year (April 6 to 5 April the next year).  Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis described the trick as: " Very simple and very effective." Britons tend to be able to save a significant amount of cash in the long run by paying for insurance upfront. Barclays experts said: “Your insurance premiums might look more affordable in any list of insurance quotes, but there’s often a sting – many firms charge high interest if you pay monthly. “This can put an extra 10 percent or more on to your premiums – that’s a whopping £50 more, for example, for a £500 car cover policy. Pay upfront if you can.” 