Nick Kyrgios has said he is looking forward to the US Open finishing so he can return home to Australia. The world No 26 has enjoyed a successful summer season including reaching the Wimbledon final and winning the Citi Open. However, he is now keen to return home to visit his sick mother after four months on tour. Kyrgios has returned to form in style this summer after a couple of off-colour seasons. His run to the Wimbledon final was his best-ever performance in a Grand Slam, despite entering the tournament as an unseeded participant. He eventually succumbed to Novak Djokovic in the showpiece final in four sets He has followed it up with strong showings during the American tour. He won the Citi Open before defeating world No 1 Daniil Medvedev on his way to the Canadian Open quarter-finals. He has since re-entered the top 32 players in the world and will be seeded 23rd in New York. Despite this, it appears that the Aussie does not hold the same enthusiasm for the American major as he did for the grass courts of SW19. Speaking ahead of the tournament Kyrgios said he was looking forward to the competition being finished. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic US Open exemption addressed by organisers' email "A big part of me just wants the US Open to be over so I can go home. It's just another tennis match to me. Whether I win or lose, it's always gonna be the same for me: I get to go home, it's a win-win. For me, if I win, it's more money and another great result. And if I lose, I get to go home." Kyrgios is widely known to have a very close relationship with his family, particularly his mother who is unwell. The family are based in the Australian capital Canberra and he is keen to see them again after four months on the road. "It’s brutal not being able to have the normality of your own bed or your own family for so long and then you have to deal with all this," he said. "The media, the fans, the training, the matches, the pressure, especially on my spectrum as well – it’s not normal. "So it’s hard. It’s really hard so I’m definitely feeling very exhausted. Just after Wimbledon, I didn’t even have time to enjoy it. DON'T MISS...Murray claims US Open retirement isn't 'part of Williams' storyline'Murray backing Emma Raducanu ahead of US Open title due to two reasonsFederer and co learn final Laver Cup opponents as Team World complete "Everyone gets to go home on the tour. They get to take a cheeky little flight back home to reset. There’s just no other type of tennis player who really understands homesickness apart from the Australians." Kyrgios get his US Open campaign under way in the early hours of Tuesday morning when he plays close friend and regular doubles partner Thanasi Kokkanakis in the first round.