But for the residents of the Buckinghamshire village of Northend, the taps have already run dry. This week they had to make do with bottled water as the small reservoir which feeds their village was unable to keep up the water pressure, just as residents say it has in previous dry periods. How ironic that 15 miles away, outside the town of Abingdon, lies a site of a proposed reservoir which could be doing a lot to ease pressure on the water supply in times such as this. Thames Water proposed to build the reservoir in 2006, but the plans have yet to see the light of day. They were opposed by the Environment Agency on the grounds that the reservoir was not needed – the same government quango whose chief executive James Bevan told the Royal Society in a speech last October that the country was facing the “jaws of death” as water supply failed to catch up with demand. Yes, it has been dry this year – on some measures we have had the driest six months since 1976, although the famous drought of that year really began the previous summer, whereas the summer of 2021 was wetter than average over much of London and the South East. But there is nothing inevitable about the impending water shortages. They are happening because, as a country, we have failed to invest in water resources on anything like the scale we once did. If you have walked the hills of Wales or the Pennines you will almost certainly have come across the massive dams which were built between late Victorian times and the 1970s in order to supply a rapidly growing urban population with clean drinking water and better sanitation. The nation’s health was transformed as a result. Waterborne diseases like cholera were all but eradicated, along with scabies and other skin diseases. We are still using those engineering feats today. The reservoirs of the Elan Valley near Llandrindod Wells still feed Birmingham with up to 300 million litres of water a day via gravity-fed pipes. Yet investment in new reservoirs in Britain essentially ended with the finishing of the Kielder Water dam in 1981.  Since then, we’ve been trying to make do with the water infrastructure that a much poorer Britain of earlier times somehow managed to build. Instead of reservoirs, we have been extracting more and more groundwater from underground rock – sources which are in danger of drying up as we take out too much water. The idea of a national water grid to transfer water from the wetter north and west of the country to the drier south east has been proposed many times, but it remains, literally, a pipe dream. Dozens of reservoirs in urban areas have even been sold off by water companies looking to cash in on the development value of the land. What do we get instead? Patronising advice telling us to shower less and turn off the tap while we brush our teeth, as the government tries to force down water usage from an average of 143 litres a day to 110 litres a day by 2050. No one likes wanton waste – not even of a renewable resource like water. But healthy lifestyles require a certain amount of water. The biggest source of waste doesn’t come from people spending too long in the shower, it comes from burst water mains like the one which flooded Islington homes on Monday. Nationally, a shocking fifth of the water supply leaks before it ever reaches the consumer. Instead of investing in our water supply, government and the water industry are apt to blame shortages on climate change. Yet the first half of 2022 has been an exception in its dryness.  Actually, our climate is getting a bit wetter. According to Met Office data, summers over the past decade were on average 15 per cent wetter than they were in the period 1961- 90, and winters were 26 per cent wetter, with little change in summer or autumn. There is plenty of water around if we are prepared to capture it in wet periods to use in dry ones. But just as we closed our biggest gas storage facility and have failed to invest in energy storage for wind and solar power generated when the wind is blowing and the sun is shining, our water supply is trying to live day by day. Water privatisation in 1989 was supposed to unleash a rush of private capital to invest in new infrastructure. Instead, water companies have drawn off £72billion of dividends while sweating the assets they inherited from an age when Britain took water supply a lot more seriously. It adds up to a future far drier than it need be. 