Kate Middleton, 40, has access to the Queen's most expensive necklace, the Nizam of Hyderabad necklace. This is worth a whopping £66.3million, according to experts at jewellerybox. The necklace was a wedding gift to the Queen (then Princess Elizabeth) from the Nizam of Hyderabad in 1947. The incredibly wealthy Nizam instructed Cartier to let her choose anything she wanted. Elizabeth walked away with the necklace and a floral tiara which had removable pieces that could be worn as brooches. The necklace has since been worn by Kate Middleton since she became a member of the Royal Family. Charlotte White, head of design at Europe's largest online diamond jeweller 77 Diamonds spoke to Express.co.uk about Kate’s jewellery choices, including when she wore this necklace. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  She said: "Kate’s jewellery style choices are largely acknowledged to be impeccable and they have attracted legions of fans. “She has certainly donned some of the most prized, rare and valuable jewels in the world in her time.” But what are Kate’s favourite jewels? Charlotte continued: “Kate has a definite affinity for natural diamonds.   “This was particularly noteworthy in 2014 at The Portrait Gala at London’s National Portrait Gallery." “This is one of the times Kate has worn the Nizam of Hyderabad necklace,” the expert noted. She added: “It is a magnificently opulent creation which saw her positively dripping in diamonds. “Just the pendant section alone, which is detachable, incorporates 13 emerald-cut diamonds.” READ MORE: Harry does 'not look happy' as Kate and Will return to favourite event  The necklace is worth so much that experts from jewellerybox reckon it would take the average Londoner 1,718 years of working to be able to afford it. It has been worn by the Queen, but also by the Duchess of Cambridge. She would have been lent the piece for her royal event. Other incredibly expensive items in the royal collection include the Cullinan III and IV brooch which is valued at £50million, the £25million Williamson Diamond Brooch and the £10million Greville Emerald Kokoshnik Tiara that Princess Eugenie wore at her wedding in 2018.  But the British Royal Family’s Nizam of Hyderabad necklace, worth a staggering £66.3million, is the most valuable piece of jewellery currently owned by any Royal Family. It would take the average British person an average of 2,000 years of hard work to be able to afford this necklace, according to jewellerybox. The brooches that came with the Nizam of Hyderabad necklace are known as the Queen's Nizam of Hyderabad Rose brooches. According to fine jewellery and engagement ring experts at Steven Stone, these brooches are valued at a whopping £80,000. 