Wolves boss Bruno Lage admits "everything can happen" in terms of outgoings at the club before the end of the transfer window. Arsenal are interested in signing Wolves winger Pedro Neto, though Lage did not comment on individual cases. Wolves do not want to sell Neto and would demand a huge fee for the Portugal international. But Arsenal are keen on adding more firepower to their squad before the September 1 deadline. Neto emerged as the Gunners' top target earlier this week. However, Wolves would want well in excess of £50million for the player who still has a contract at Molineux until 2027. Lage insisted on Tuesday that the club had not received a proposal for Neto. However, at his press conference on Friday, he admitted a lot can happen between now and next Thursday. READ MORE: Man Utd handed tricky group as Arsenal get PSV in Europa League draw  Asked about possible outgoings, he said: “Everything can happen. I am happy with everyone, but the last three weeks when you look at the team from last year, when you look at the team who started pre-season, many changes can happen. "I was confident many changes can happen and we are changing. It's to understand the market, to understand the opportunities that we have, and also understand the opportunities that some players have here, and decide what is the best for the club and the players. Let’s see what happens until the last day." Neto isn't the only Wolves player linked with an exit. Willy Boly and Hwang Hee-chan could both be on their way. Meanwhile, Arsenal's credentials in the transfer market have been questioned this week, after it was claimed they had been placed on a UEFA Financial Fair Play watchlist. But Gunners boss Mikel Arteta insists the club are completely compliant with the rules. DON'T MISS:West Ham agree club-record transfer for Lucas Paqueta as Arsenal miss outMan Utd and Chelsea urged to make 'win-win' swap as deadline edges closerTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd £8m offer, Chelsea trigger release clause  He said at his press conference: "We are compliant and we have heard nothing [from Uefa] so I don’t know where that has come from. I think the club has been very disciplined all the time and has a very clear vision on how we want to do things, the limitations we have and how we have to deal with things so in that sense nothing changes [in terms of transfers in this window]." Arsenal allowed Nicolas Pepe to leave on loan to join Nice on Thursday. Arteta wants to sign a replacement but admits that is not guaranteed. He added: "If we can implement the plan that we have, we will try to do that. In the plan, that [Pepe’s loan move] was something that could happen - now it’s a reality and we’ve been preparing the last two months in order to achieve what we want. "Whether that’s possible or not, we will see." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here 