Viewers have seen Stacey Solomon mucking in with all the home renovations at Pickle Cottage, spray painting walls and taking on DIY jobs alongside new husband Joe Swash. However, the 32-year-old has now revealed that she is even more down to earth than previously thought, admitting that she took on all her wedding beauty prep by herself. "Am I going to shave the whole of my legs? It depends if I can squeeze it in," she joked in an interview just three days prior to her big day. "I’ve got really long legs and very little time, and that is always my predicament," the 5ft 8in presenter told Notebook magazine. "The dress is long [so] I feel like I can get away with not doing it.” Meanwhile, Stacey transformed her locks with a £10 box of L'Oréal hair dye. READ NOW: Sam Gannon dead: Emmerdale star dies suddenly at 31 The Loose Women star had sought to tone down her bright red, mermaid-style hair colour and replace it with a golden hue in time for the big day. She explained that, while she has a passion for experimenting, blonde is the colour she has been most of her life and is the way that she can feel the most "natural". Her goal was to be "as 'me' as possible", she told her fans. Stacey also used a box of L'Oréal hair dye for her previous bright red shade - and she has since signed to the brand as one of its ambassadors. The last time the X Factor star had discussed shaving her legs was on Joe's birthday back in January. She made it sound as though it was an annual ritual when she shared photos of the process on Instagram. "Not only did he get [a day out] fishing and his man cave for his 40th, I've only treated him to his birthday tradition and shaved my legs," she revealed to more than five million followers at the time. She joked: "Just up to the knees but still!" DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [DRAMA] Will Smith exposed for public slap years before Oscars in rare video [UNEARTHED FOOTAGE] Clint Eastwood's frank admission about his eight 'vulnerable' childre [FAMILY]  It isn't just the domain of DIY and beauty treatments where Stacey is willing to muck in. In fact, Stacey also revealed to stunned fans that she has shunned exotic honeymoon destinations such as St Lucia or Santorini. Instead the distinctly down to earth star opted for a "homey moon" at the same location as her wedding - her garden. She and Joe have postponed all work commitments to enjoy a family summer with their children. No doubt they will be reliving their wedding during that time too. Joe was in floods of tears throughout and Stacey has joked that she "loves seeing him cry". She continued in an Instagram story filmed in their garden as the honeymoon kicked off: "He cried so much on our wedding day!" The gleeful newlywed continued: "Some of Joe's family had to come up and say [to me] 'He's very emotional. Don't panic when you walk down the aisle!'"