The payment, which is limited to those earning less than £35,000, will be given to around 61 percent of its workers. Nationwide is paying out the bonus by the end of the year, with the first £600 payment arriving in October and the second in December. The building society has around 18,000 staff in the UK. Debbie Crosbie, CEO at Nationwide Building Society, said: “The months ahead will be worrying for many people and we’re always considering new ways to help our members. "Rising prices affect our colleagues too and that’s why we’re providing this additional support.” Nationwide is offering the extra support after it had an annual pay review earlier this year, which gave all of its staff a four percent pay rise. Outside of the annual pay review, the Building Society stated that it also raised the base salaries of 4,000 of its lowest-paid colleagues in response to the rising cost of living. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out  The move comes as inflation hits 9.4 percent with the Bank of England (BoE) predicting that it could reach 13 percent by the end of the year. This is the highest level the UK has seen in over 40 years. This is alongside rising energy bills with the bills for typical use expected to surpass £4,200 next year. Nationwide joins various other companies supporting its staff during the cost of living crisis.   Following successful campaigns from Unite Union, the lowets paid workers at HSBC, Barclays, NatWest, Lloyds Banking Group, Co-operative Bank, Virgin Money, TSB and Standard Life ROI are going to receive a cost of living payment in their August paypacket. The supermarket chain Aldi also announced a second pay rise for its staff working at Aldi distribution centres. From September, all hourly paid workers in its warehouses will receive pay rises of up to nine percent on their previous January 2022 hourly rates. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments    The majority of distribution centre roles are Warehouse Selectors, who will receive a rate of £12.66 an hour. All logistics colleagues working outside normal operating hours will also see their night premium payments increase from 20 percent to 25 percent of their normal hourly rate. In February, the fifth largest supermarket also increased the pay for 28,000 of its in store workers. Aldi announced in January that its Store Assistants would earn at least £10.10 an hour nationally and staff on the inside of the M25 were to earn £11.55.     Supermarket Asda announced its workers were to receive an increase of 44p in. their hourly pay taking from £9.66 to £10.10. Other chains such as Tesco, Marks and Spencer, Sainsbury and Lidl have also announced increases since the start of the year. Morrisons announced its 10p pay rise will kick in from October for its staff. The news of Nationwide’s cost of living payment for its staff comes as the Office for National Statistics (ONS) announced today that UK workers were seeing a three percent pay cut when inflation is taken into account. This represented the biggest slump since records began in 2001.  