Princess Beatrice celebrates her 34th birthday today and she is likely celebrating the milestone privately with her beloved husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and their baby daughter Sienna. Beatrice's engagement to Edoardo was first announced in 2019, and the pair tied the knot during the UK Covid lockdown in 2020. But based on an analysis of their recent outings, a body language expert told Express.co.uk that Edoardo has had a positive impact on Beatrice's confidence as a royal in the public eye.  Expert Judi James said: "Beatrice has always looked like the girlish, unsophisticated royal princess, more like her mother with her large, rounded eye expression that often suggests fun but also naivete, and her wide toothy grin that has somehow managed to project playfulness and vulnerability at the same time. "Her marriage to Edoardo sees her coupled with a handsome, charming and sophisticated-looking man whose presence does seem to have had an effect on Beatrice’s confidence signals. "He often looks more regal than the royals and effortlessly stylish to boot, with the result being that we have seen Beatrice’s body language become more grown-up and less spontaneous-looking, and her styling a little less dramatic." In the two years since Edoardo joined the Royal Family, he has been pictured rubbing shoulders with some of the most senior members of the Firm.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £300,000 engagement ring 'dazzles' This year alone, Edoardo was present to support Beatrice at the Service of Thanksgiving held in honour of her late grandfather Prince Philip in March. Edoardo also appeared with Beatrice at Royal Ascot in June, and at the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's life and reign over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. The pair also dressed up to the nines to attend a summer party at the National Gallery this summer, and the pair were quite the show-stoppers as they posed for the cameras. Ms James added: "Edoardo’s body language also suggests a man keen to be close to the top-tier royals and to make a good impression as he does so.   "With Prince Charles in particular, he can often be seen standing close and using flattering amounts of attentive eye contact. "If Beatrice’s father’s dramas have created any rifts between the sisters and their uncle, then Edo looks like the man to calm things over." Although Beatrice now has the support of her loving husband, the Princess has proved in recent months she is still the royal figure the public has known and loved for decades. She has continued to pursue her own career away from the spotlight, while also promoting causes close to her heart like dyslexia awareness.  DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice's best pictures as she celebrates 34th birthday [PICTURES]Fergie buys £5m property in Mayfair for Princesses Beatrice & Eugenie [INSIGHT]Poll results: Beatrice and Eugenie urged against Andrew’s royal return [POLL] Beatrice and Edoardo's trip to Sweden in April for the launch of the World Dyslexia Assembly likely made the Queen and the Royal Family incredibly proud of the pair. And Beatrice's kindness was clear for all to see as she paid tribute to Prince Philip at his memorial when the cameras captured her sensitivity. Ms James added: "One of Beatrice’s most revealing and endearing moments came when she was utterly overwhelmed by tears at Philip’s memorial service. "Like her mother, emotional masking has never been one of Beatrice’s stronger points and the way she was forced to hide her entire head showed she is still very much a loving, warm and spontaneous member of a family known for their more formal behaviours." 