Manchester United picked up a first win the season on Monday night with a 2-1 victory over Liverpool at Old Trafford. Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford were the heroes for the home side, bagging in either half to send the home crowd wild with Mohamed Salah then netting a consolation in the closing stages. So Express Sport will now take a look at five things we learned from the contest. We don’t want to get too bogged down on the Cristiano Ronaldo front. But it’s still worth noting that, without the static Portugal international at the tip of their attack, United looked a side completely transformed. They were energetic and enterprising going forward, particularly in the first half. Sancho, Anthony Elanga and Rashford all looked potent, causing the Liverpool backline all sorts of problems. That Anthony Martial came off the bench at half time, instead of Ronaldo, suggests he’s way down Erik ten Hag’s pecking order. And whether he can get back into the team remains to be seen. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Lisandro Martinez was slaughtered last week after United were battered 4-0 by Brentford at the Community Stadium. But the Argentina international bounced back with a terrific performance against Liverpool. Martinez applied himself superbly, bringing the ball out from the back and managing to nullify the threat of Robert Firmino - who barely got a sniff. There has been plenty said and written about his height, or lack of it. But Martinez has shown, on this evidence, that he can handle the intensity of the Premier League. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already  Liverpool have had a good transfer window so far, with their deal for Darwin Nunez making the headlines. But it’s clear the Reds could do with another midfielder. They were outran and out-maneuvered in that area of the field, despite Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen previously enduring difficult starts to the campaign. Liverpool fans have been pleading and pleading for their owners to give Jurgen Klopp more backing. And, in the aftermath of this defeat, the Reds may now be tempted to open the purse strings in order to ensure they can rapidly climb up the Premier League table. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. On his day, there’s no denying Trent Alexander-Arnold is one of the best right-backs in the whole of world football. But this was a dodgy night for the England international, who couldn’t cope with United’s rapid frontline - especially in the first half. Alexander-Arnold will always be a threat going forward. Yet matches against United, Crystal Palace and Fulham have seen him targeted, with oppositions sensing blood. With the World Cup in Qatar creeping closer, it’ll be fascinating to see whether he can improve defensively - especially given the threat of Chelsea star Reece James and Newcastle’s Kieran Trippier. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team This was a night where United fans rose as one to back the team and call for the Glazer family to sell up. The Americans, at the current moment in time, remain committed. But talk of a takeover is rising and this great club clearly deserves better. When United fans are in this sort of voice, Old Trafford is a cauldron of noise. It makes it harder for their rivals to attack, when their supporters are doing so much of the work. The Glazers have overseen a nightmare few years. And if United do end up being sold, those who love the club will be hoping things improve going forward. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here