A congressional delegation made up of five US politicians has arrived in Taiwan to meet with President Tsai Ing-wen. This August, Nancy Pelosi became the highest-ranking US official to visit Taiwan in decades, which sparked more tension with China which responded by conducting military drills around the island. Taiwanese media has shown a video of a US government plane landing around 7pm Sunday at the Songshan Airport in Taipei, the Taiwanese capital. The group, led by Senator Ed Markey of Massachusetts, will attend a banquet hosted by Taiwan foreign minister Joseph Wu and will also meet with Taiwan’s leader, President Tsai Ing-wen. Other members of the group are Democrat politicians Alan Lowenthal of California, Don Beyer of Virginia, Democratic House member John Garamendi and Republican representative Amata Coleman Radewagen. The politicians plan to discuss “US-Taiwan relations, regional security, trade and investment, global supply chains, climate change, and other significant issues of mutual interest”, according to the American Institute of Taiwan.  Taiwan has praised the delegation’s visit as a sign of good relations with the US, and the Taiwanese ministry of foreign affairs expressed its “sincere welcome” to the delegation. In a statement, the ministry said: “As China is continuing to escalate tensions in the region, the US Congress has again organised a heavyweight delegation to visit Taiwan, showing a friendship that is not afraid of China’s threats and intimidation, and highlighting the US’s strong support towards Taiwan.” In response, the Chinese embassy in Washington said the visit “once again proves that the US does not want to see stability across the Taiwan strait and has spared no effort to stir up confrontation between the two sides and interfere in China’s internal affairs”.  READ MORE: US warned against 'bloodbath' war as China has spent YEARS preparing  Nancy Pelosi's visit to Taiwan on August 2 has caused China to respond with military operations around the island. China has sent warships, missiles and jets into the waters and skies around Taiwan, but announced last Wednesday it would officially stop all military operations near the borders of Taiwan. However, the Taiwan Defence Ministry has said that Chinese warplanes have been spotted crossing the Taiwan Strait, the body of water between Taiwan and China. On Twitter, the ministry said that 22 Chinese aircrafts, 10 fighter jets and six naval ships were detected around Taiwan on Sunday evening.  DON'T MISS: China-US tensions rise as Taiwan thanks White House [REPORT]Chilling UK future of 'empty shelves' laid bare as China play exposed [REVEAL]China poised to copy Putin’s squeeze over Taiwan and CRIPPLE the world [BREAKING] China views Taiwan as a breakaway province, and Chinese President Xi Jinping has said that “reunification” with Taiwan “must be fulfilled”. Last week China’s Taiwan affairs office said it would take “drastic measures” to respond to “separatist elements or external forces” in Taiwan. Senior White House official Kurt Campbell said that China had “overreacted” to Nancy Pelosi’s visit. He said that China has used Nancy Pelo’s visit to jeopardise peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait. Mr Campbell, announced last week that the US will send warships and planes to the Taiwan Strait in the upcoming weeks. 