Fans of the ITV soap spotted a peculiar decision made by two of the street's criminals this week. Bartender Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott) discussed his criminal plans with his accomplice Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney) from a police station. Fans of the show were left stunned after they witnessed some potentially calamitous moves made by the wannabe insurance scammers. Most scammers on screen will remain as covert as possible when attempting certain crimes, but not in Weatherfield. While discussing their latest plan to get away from the grips of the law, Corrie criminals Debbie and Ryan decided to conduct their business from the local police station. Viewers noticed the strange decision making, which may come back to haunt the duo in the future. Twitter was full of Coronation Street fans questioning their logic. Read More: Will Mellor details heart-breaking reason he signed up to Strictly Wendy wrote: "Neither Ryan or Debbie considered his outgoing phone call from the police station will be getting recorded? Dawn Marie tweeted; "Is he really calling his accomplice from the police stations telephone?" Nas tweeted: "I Thought you was only Allowed a phone call for couple of minutes, But Ryan has been on the phone for at least 10 minutes, Also I'm sure the Police can hear the recording of his call." @GhostPeepTweets joked: "Ryan discussing the crime with Debbie #corrie using the phone in the police reception area, doh." One fan was not convinced by the realism of the storyline as Ryan asked his partner to get him out of trouble. Dorreen Morfitt: "Ryan in the cop shop talking to his crime cohort in front of the booking in desk - you couldn't make this up but somebody did." The pair's activity was perfectly summed up by Corrie page Talk of the Street. They jokingly tweeted: "Warning. Tonight's episode of #corrie contains scenes of Ryan's stupidity that some viewers may find distressing." DON'T MISS:  Coronation Street theory: Todd Grimshaw sells undertakers [THEORY]Katie McGlynn weight loss: TV star lost a stone by eating 'right' food [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Kelly Neelan star quits ITV soap [ARTICLE]  Wednesday's episode featured the development of the story of the staged Bistro's theft. On Monday, due to the pair's financial woes, the co-owner of the Bistro and a hapless Ryan staged a fake robbery. It looks like the impressionable Ryan will carry the can, as local police constable Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) joined the investigation. The duo's plans unravelled this week as Ryan was soon arrested after CCTV images left him high and dry. Searching for a solution, a rattled Ryan called his lover from the desk of the police station. Luckily, he was able to leave by the end of the episode but surely a spell in jail looms. The bartender's future is far from clear and a stint in prison looks inevitable. Coronation Street airs on ITV on weekdays at 8pm.