Content creator Joey Richard gave the trick a go on his TikTok, where he boasts 2.4 million followers and has amassed 67.9 million "likes". He wrote to his followers: "This car key trick could save your life!" He tried out the hack on his own car, after seeing someone else give it a go online. How does the trick work? First, he pulls at the top of his fob and a section comes away with a hidden key attached. He then uses this key to pop off a small piece on the right side of his car door handle. This pops off and a keyhole is revealed, with which the hidden key can be used to manually unlock the car. The video has racked up a huge 700,000 likes on the social media app. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button in heatwave to save money One commenter explained: "It’s to use when battery in fob is dead." Another added: "It's not a trick, it's what comes with your vehicle. "It's a backup key for when your FOB battery goes dead or the car loses power." "I forgot this was a feature in some key fobs," one said. "All clickers have a key in case the battery dies. This was the first question I asked when I got my car," another wrote. DON'T MISS'Find the cheapest petrol in your area': Fuel hack to slash the cost [TIP] 'Getting 14 mpg more': Driver's fuel hack is slashing her petrol costs [SAVING] Drivers should drive with item in the back seat in 'unusual hack' [PETROL] One commenter said: "This video is just showing us that there are people old enough to drive who are too young to remember cars before they had clickers." Another wrote: "What I learned from this video is that there are a lot of folks who buy a machine worth thousands of dollars but never glance at that manual." Different models of cars may work differenty, so check your manual to see if yours have any hidden features. However, there are a few common secret car key features. Key fobs are the remote devices that cover most keys these days. They have a number of features. Remote starting Some cars allow you to start your vehicle remotely. This is handy during cold days. The remote engine start button usually has a circular arrow on it. Lowering your windows Some key fobs will remotely lower all the windows of your car at once. To give this a go, press the unlock button twice and again, holding it down. All four windows may open at once. Fold in wing mirrors Some cars will automatically move your wing mirrors in if you hold down the key fob lock button for 10 seconds. Adjust your seat Some car models have key fobs which allow your car to "memorize" preferred seat settings. Different key fobs can be numbered, meaning whoever's driving will have their seat adjusted automatically.