It is important to do some research into a destination before booking a holiday there - and even more importantly if you're considering moving for good. International Citizens compiled their list of top countries to visit. Australia is not only stunning, but super safe too. Both Melbourne and Sydney are praised for their safety levels. The country is full of small towns and open spaces. And while Britons may fear its creepy crawlies and snakes, it's unlikely that you will encounter them in your day to day life, according to International Citizens. In terms of healthcare, Australia's system was deemed 32nd most efficient in the world by the World Health Organization. For women and the LGBTQ+ community, Australia is thought to be a safe destination. Japan is thought to be a particularly safe destination. Women needn't fear; SafetyDetectives found that between 2010 and 2020, Japan had the lowest crime rates. Japan also has an incredibly robust healthcare system. One of the main things to be aware of, however, is that Japan does experience earthquakes, as they are located at four tectonic plates. Japan is also home to about 10 percent of the world’s active volcanoes. READ MORE: 'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' Britons, want to holiday or relocate somewhere a little closer to home? Portugal is one of Europe's safest destinations. Catcalling has been outlawed, and LGBTQ+ rights, having improved in the 2000s and 2010s, are among some of the most progressive in the world. The cost of living is also better than in the UK. A three bedroom apartment outside Lisbon's city centre is on average €1,199.46 (around £1,004), whereas in London the same type of property is £2,185.92, according to Numbeo. Ant-discrimination legislation means that Canada is thought to be a safe place for a diverse range of people. The healthcare system is also very secure. One thing that Britons visiting the country should be aware of is that Canada can be extraordinarily chilly. Winnipeg, Manitoba is Canada's coldest major city, reaching an average low of -19.2° every winter - and 12 days where the temperature plummets below -30°. READ MORE: UK holidaymakers in Spain do not need to prove £85 per spending money Denmark not only has a low crime rate but Denmark ranks as the second happiest country in the world - beat out only by Finland. A study by the Copenhagen-based Happiness Research Institute cited a number of categories, including trust in the government, economic security, freedom, civil participation and work-life balance for this ranking. It is considered a great place for expats. However, the number of racist hate crimes did increase from 2017 to 2020. Singapore is known for being super clean, so there are plenty of smoking restrictions in the country. Spitting in the street is also punishable by a fine. The cost of living is high, but so are many salaries. International Citizens stated: "Singaporeans also benefit from high-end shopping choices, exciting nightlife options, and a range of modern luxuries." Its healthcare system is regularly ranked highly, currently at number 12. New Zealand is considered extremely safe for women and the LGBTQ+ community. The healthcare system is also ranked 20th in the world - although the UK's is 13th. It must be noted, however, that earthquakes are not totally uncommon.