Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster were back to deliver the latest headlines on Wednesday’s Breakfast on GB News. And top of the agenda was Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak’s latest Tory leaderships hustings in Darlington. However, before diving into what the two prime ministerial candidates had to say, Eamonn took issue with the overuse of the words hustings. Early on during Wednesday’s Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel, he turned to his co-host to slam the word. “What is a hustings?” Eamonn asked. “Why do we all keep saying hustings when we don’t know what it means? “Is it a meeting, a gathering, a debate?” he went on as Isabel appeared to flounder: “Well, yeah. It’s within a party and it’s ahead of an election.” But Eamonn wasn’t satisfied, slamming: “Stupid word, it’s a stupid word. READ MORE: Richard Madeley blasts leadership in angry rant at Tories “It sounds like it’s something to do with real ale or something,” he joked, prompting Isabel to laugh. He continued: “We have a hustings of beer here or something. “It’s the thing with the media, they all slavishly use words that no one has an iota or clue what they mean, so ban it,” he yelled. “No more hustings.” Later in the programme, the GB News duo heard from viewers at home - and one had a jokey trick to apparently understand what hustings meant. “Thank you, we’re going through the newspapers now, Isabel’s just delivering them to the desk here this morning. Before we do that, we’re just reflecting on some of the things you’re commenting on,” Eamonn said. Isabel first brought up Eamonn’s complaints about Rishi Sunak’s suits after the former This Morning host quipped they look like they’ve been “shrink wrapped” to the Tory MP. “We were also discussing the word hustings, why is it always used all the time as if we all know what it means,” Isabel weighed in. “And this one’s from Meghan, she says, ‘Please tell Eamonn if he says hustings in a Caribbean accent, it says what it is… house-tings’. Did make me laugh.” DON'T MISS:Emmerdale bosses confirm three well-loved characters are returningRichard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probeCleverly slams Madeley for shouting over him in GMB row. Eamonn looked on puzzled as Isabel broke into an impersonation. “You know, discussing things in-house, ‘tings in house’,” she remarked before bursting into laughter and burying her head in her hands. “Don’t do that, you’ll be banned,” Eamonn warned his co-star. “They told me to do a Caribbean accent!” Isabel protested, but Eamonn took aim at today’s cancel culture. He remarked: “Well, it’ll probably be racist - don’t go there, don’t go there.” “Oh, for goodness sake,” an exasperated Isabel hit back at her GB News colleague. The pair soon moved on to peruse the day’s newspapers to see what other news stories were dominating the front pages. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs Monday-Thursday on GB News at 6am.