Police, fire crews and paramedics are at the scene in Carrbrook, Stalybridge in Tameside, Greater Manchester after being called around 6.30pm. Residents in the area reported seeing two air ambulances in the area.  A Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said: "We were called shortly before 6.30pm to a report of a person getting into difficulty in water off Crowswood Drive, Stalybridge. Emergency services and specialist search teams are at the scene. The incident is ongoing." A reporter for Manchester Evening News (MEN) has reported that the area is cordoned off and will remain so for some time while search teams work there. One woman told MEN: "As soon as I looked outside I knew something was wrong. People don’t realise the dangers of open water. It's so scary." Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS) said that the situation is "ongoing". It said in a statement: "At around 6.30pm on Monday, August 15, firefighters were called out to Crowswood Drive, Stalybridge to reports of someone getting into difficulty in the water. "A number of fire service teams, including a boat crew and Technical Response Unit, are working with other emergency service search teams at the scene and the incident remains ongoing." James Holt, a news reporter at MEN, who was at the scene reported on Twitter at 9.03 that it had been 90 minutes since the "last sighting" and that some emergency services were now leaving the scene. He added that an underwater drone was performing a grid search of the open water area. There are reportedly a number of residents standing near the cordon, however only family and close friends were being allowed through.   Onlookers and neighbours were seen looking visibly distressed, as it has been reported that the crowd have been hugging each other as they watched emergency services approach the water. A woman at the scene described the incident as “heartbreaking”. She told the Manchester Evening News: "It makes you not want to let your kids away from the front porch. We keep hearing stories of people drowning in open water. They don’t understand the dangers of it."  A resident of Crowswood Drive has said the area is usually used for fishing and that he has never seen anyone swimming in the waters. He said: "Even in all this hot weather I have only seen two people in rowing boats. This is just heartbreaking to hear, and you don't expect it to happen so close to home. "I got home around 6pm and not long after I heard people screaming and shouting for help. It was just minutes later that there were loads of ambulances pulling up and the area was closed off shortly after." Another neighbour who lives right next to the cordon also told the publication: "As soon as I looked outside I knew something was wrong. People don’t realise the dangers of open water it’s so scary. As soon as it’s hot people don’t realise how it can take your life."  This summer, the emergency services of Greater Manchester have been campaigning to warn people of the dangers of open water. In the last five years, the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service have been called to 41 fatal water incidents, with a large percentage of those in water accidents being young people. Billy Fenwick, the Head of Prevention at the Fire Service, said: “Our Water Safety campaign helps to educate young people on the dangers of open water. Cold Water Shock can kill even strong swimmers, and people can become caught up in undergrowth and drown.” The campaign began in June and will continue to be supported by social media throughout the rest of the summer. 