During Tuesday’s instalment of This Morning, hosts Rochelle Humes and Andi Peters spoke to royal expert Camilla Tominey and Nick Ferrari about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s upcoming trip to the UK. Although as tensions between Prince Harry and his brother Prince William continue, it’s believed they won’t be seeing each other during their trip.   The This Morning team first touched on the rocky relationship between the two brothers surrounding the upcoming 25th anniversary of Princess Diana's death. Presenter Andi Peters asked royal expert Camilla Tominey what she thinks William and Harry’s father thinks in regards to their rumoured rift. She replied: “Really torn and in the middle because he loves both of his sons. “He’s always had a historically difficult relationship because he’s always been overshadowed by Diana both in life and death and so that’s always been a bit tricky for him to manage.”    Camilla also shared that it was Harry who used to be close to his father, however, since he moved to the states with his wife Meghan Markle, William has taken over. “Now, William’s got closer and also Charles and the Queen are preparing him to be a future king and in a way that made Harry feel shoved out,” Camilla added. She told the presenters that the whole situation was complex with Rochelle Humes agreeing as she commented that family dynamics are often very similar. The host said: “We all know with our own families, you may be closer to one and then something might’ve happened and then you’re not.”   “I just feel like it’s a shame they have to do it on such a public scale.” Rochelle commented. LBC presenter Nick said he thought it was desperately disappointing and heartbreaking their relationship is like this so close to the anniversary of their mother’s death. Camilla agreed before saying it’s “astonishing” that it will be a quarter of a century since she died in a car crash back in 1997. She commented: “I think it’s because we feel like we’ve all grown up with these princes.   “We remember them walking together behind the funeral so, there is this sense that it is really sad that they’re not as close. “They were absolutely bonded weren’t they? You look back at the weddings, being each other’s best men and everything. “I’m sure it will all become right but I think a lot has been said and done. “Now we’ve got Harry’s autobiography coming and that might not help matters.”   Rumours of Harry and William’s frosty relationship first speculated after Meghan’s explosive tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. During which, Harry spoke about his decision to leave the royal life as he touched on his family members. He said: “I was trapped within the system like the rest of my family are. My father and my brother, they are trapped. “They don’t get to leave and I have huge compassion for that.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am 