Barcelona now reportedly plan to 'open talks' with Chelsea regarding a move for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Chelsea are still looking to bring in a replacement for Romelu Lukaku after the striker was allowed to join Inter Milan on loan. Kai Havertz has occupied the role through the middle as a false nine, but Thomas Tuchel reportedly wants a recognised striker in his squad. Aubameyang has since emerged as a possible target for the Blues with Barcelona having signed Robert Lewandowski this summer. There appeared to be some apprehension from Barcelona's side letting Aubameyang go with Lewandowski still not registered to play in La Liga up until this week. But another economic lever activated by Barcelona has since given them the funds to get Lewandowski and other new signings registered. The former Bayern Munich striker was in the starting line-up for Barcelona's opening league match against Rayo Vallecano, alongside Raphinha and Ousmane Dembele. Aubameyang came on in the final few minutes as Barcelona looked to find a winner, while Frenkie de Jong also came off the bench midway through the second half.  With Barcelona now registering their new signings, it appears as though they're ready to discuss the possibility of letting Aubameyang leave. According to the PA news agency, Barcelona are ready to 'open discussions over a fee' for Aubameyang with Chelsea. The financial situation at Barcelona means the club are still looking to offload some of their high-earners and Aubameyang could be set to leave. It is claimed that Barcelona want a fee in the region of £20m while Chelsea are edging towards 'making a reasonable offer'.  The report adds that Chelsea may seek a loan deal while paying Aubameyang's full wages for the season. But Barcelona reportedly prefer a permanent transfer as they still have other transfer targets of their own. Marcos Alonso remains a top target for Barcelona while Cesar Azpilicueta continues to be linked with the Nou Camp, despite recently signing a new deal. Chelsea face a tough second match of the season today against Antonio Conte's Tottenham. Both teams got off to a winning start last week, although Chelsea were made to work with their 1-0 victory over Everton. Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella all made their debuts for Chelsea and are expected to be involved again.