Manchester United have been offered former Chelsea striker Alvaro Morata after pulling out of a deal for former West Ham forward Marko Arnautovic over fan backlash, according to reports. Red Devils fans were fuming following reports that a deal for the 33-year-old Arnautovic was proposed to Bologna, and the Old Trafford hierarchy have now moved on to new targets. United have endured a tough transfer window, with the failure to sign Frenkie de Jong weighing heavily on those in charge of finalising deals. New boss Erik ten Hag earmarked De Jong as a top target, but also wants a new striker. Arnautovic was lined up as a potential short-term option after the club missed out on Red Bull Leipzig-bound Benjamin Sesko. But fans have complained about the possible addition of the Austrian, with some even emailing club staff in an attempt to show their displeasure. Reports on Tuesday claim that United have now pulled out of a deal for Arnautovic, who scored 14 goals for Bologna last season. Atletico Madrid forward Morata has since been offered to the fallen English giants. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp 'focused on other deals' as Sarr bid ruled out That is according to ESPN, who report that United are looking elsewhere after ditching their pursuit of Arnautovic. Some supporters were angered by the underwhelming nature of signing the ex-West Ham and Stoke City man, while others believed there were ethical reasons why he should not be signed. Arnautovic was banned for one match at Euro 2020 for allegedly using an offensive slur against Ezgjan Alioski, a North Macedonian player who is of Albanian heritage. The Athletic report that Bologna were pricing Arnautovic out of the 'low-cost' bracket. United had apparently seen a bid in the region of £6.8m rejected by the Serie A outfit. DON'T MISS...Man Utd cancel Marko Arnautovic bid as Richard Arnold emailed directlyMan Utd boss Ten Hag told four reasons why Rabiot is wrong signingMan Utd: Ten Hag ‘picks player to be dropped’ once Rabiot joins United could now move on to trying to sign Morata, who struggled at Chelsea in a spell between 2017 and 2020. He scored 16 league goals before joining Atletico on loan for the 2019-20 campaign. The Spain international was then signed by the La Liga club permanently but has spent the last two seasons on loan at Juventus, who did not take up their option to sign him permanently. United have struggled to sign Ten Hag's main targets this summer. Barcelona midfielder De Jong was pinpointed as a player who could transform the club's midfield but a deal to sign the Dutchman has proved complicated. De Jong wants deferred wages paid in full by Barca before he departs, and does not appear too keen on a move to Old Trafford. Instead, he could choose to join Premier League rivals Chelsea who have also expressed an interest.