Manchester United's hopes of a strong start to the Erik ten Hag era were dealt a setback straight away on Sunday. Brighton won 2-1 at Old Trafford, with Pascal Gross at the double for Graham Potter’s side before Diogo Dalot netted a consolation. And it’s clear Ten Hag has a huge challenge on his hands, having replaced Ralf Rangnick earlier this summer. Manchester United went into Sunday’s match with Brighton hoping to show they’ve moved on from the mistakes of last season. But that didn’t happen, with Ten Hag’s side putting in a flat display as they fell to a 2-1 defeat at Old Trafford. Gross opened the scoring in the 30th minute, with the Brighton star finding the net from close range after good work from Leandro Trossard. And he then doubled his side’s lead nine minutes later, smashing home after David De Gea had palmed the ball invitingly into his path, with Dalot pulling one back after the interval. Express Sport will now take a look at four players who let Ten Hag and United down as their new Premier League campaign started with yet another horrendous result. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Dalot has won the battle with Aaron Wan-Bissaka to be United’s first-choice right-back. But how bad must Wan-Bissaka be for that to be the case? Dalot was awful during the early stages of the Brighton game, with the Portugal international failing to track Trossard to stop Gross from opening the scoring. He was also out of position as the Belgian doubled the visitors' lead, too. And it’s no wonder Ten Hag feels he needs another right-back, with Dalot and Wan-Bissaka clearly not good enough at the current moment in time - despite his goal in the second half. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Luke Shaw was given the nod at left-back for the match with Brighton. But the United star, like Dalot on the opposite side, endured a torrid day at the office. The England international failed to get tight enough to prevent Gross from doubling Brighton’s lead and also offered precious little going forward. With Tyrell Malacia now at the club, Shaw’s place in the team should be under threat. He’s certainly regressed from the world-class left-back he was starting to resemble under Solskjaer just a year ago. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. David De Gea is still United’s No 1, 11 years after his arrival from Atletico Madrid. But he didn’t cover himself in glory during proceedings, with the Spain international at fault for Gross’ second goal. The veteran palmed a tame shot straight into Brighton’s path, when he should have done better given the lack of power on the effort. It’ll be interesting to see what version of De Gea the Red Devils get this year. He was a shining light under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term but, the year before that, was inconsistent between the sticks. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Scott McTominay has, for years, been tipped to be United’s future in midfield. But the Scotland international remains erratic and was unable to cope with Brighton’s speed and energy throughout proceedings. McTominay was also lucky to avoid a red card for a crunching tackle on Moises Caicedo. Caicedo was once of interest to United. And his enterprising performance put both McTominay and Fred to shame, with both players appearing sluggish. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here