Meghan, 41, opened up about her and Harry’s nuptials in her latest interview with New York magazine The Cut. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex tied the knot at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle four years ago. The couple, who now live in California, had a private evening event after the wedding, during which Meghan gave a speech. The Sussexes’ family and friends had kept Meghan’s speech a secret, but Meghan has now revealed what she said. She told The Cut this week: “The piece of my life I haven’t been able to share, that people haven’t been able to see, is our love story.” Quoting from the end of her post-wedding speech, she added that she took comfort in the “resounding knowing that, above all, love wins.” She continued: “I hope that is the sentiment that people feel when they see any of the content or the projects that we are working on.” Meghan’s comments to the magazine came as she opened up about her and Harry’s “love story”. The former ‘Suits’ actress discussed her and Harry’s relationship in the context of their new media projects. JUST IN: Meghan and Harry 'have no way back' after 'burning bridge' with Charles After officially stepping back from their duties in the Royal Family last year, the Sussexes have carved out new roles for themselves in the US. The couple signed multimillion-dollar deals to produce streaming content for Netflix and Spotify. One of their first major projects has been Meghan’s podcast ‘Archetypes’, where she speaks to her famous female friends. The couple are also said to be working on a documentary, but have denied such reports, including during Meghan’s interview with The Cut this week. The Los Angeles Times said a “keeping-up-with-the-Sussexes”-type reality TV show was in the pipeline. “I will tell you Liz Garbus is incredible. Liz Garbus also worked on ‘Pearl’.” ‘Pearl’ was an animated Netflix series Meghan was set to be an executive producer on. However, in May the streaming giant halted development of the project, which Meghan had created through the Sussexes’ Archewell Productions. The programme was to centre on a 12-year-old girl who is inspired by influential women throughout history. The Duchess told The Cut: “There’s not much you can do when a company and a division changes their slate. “And there’s also not much you can do when, even if they think the project is great, the media will report it as though it was only my project.”