According to Celebrity Net Worth, Helen Hunt has a net worth of $75million (£63million), helping her afford to live in Los Angeles. The actress may be best known for her role starring in the 90s sitcom Mad About You. At the peak of the show, Celebrity Net Worth reported that she earned $1million (£750k) per episode. That temporarily made her the highest-paid television actress in the world and still stands as one of the highest per-episode fees ever paid to an actor. In 2002, Helen sold a 10-acre, custom-built Hollywood Hills mansion for $8.3million (£6million). She never actually lived in the property she bought in 1997. The year prior, Helen bought a home in LA’s Brentwood neighbourhood, which she still owns today. Brentwood is one of the poshest neighbourhoods in Los Angeles, home to various Hollywood celebrities, a world-class museum and plenty of attractions. It used to be one of Hollywood’s best kept secrets, but celebrities put the area under the spotlight. READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals' Located in Westside LA, Brentwood was originally part of the Rancho San Vicente and Santa Monica land grant. It was later annexed by the city of Los Angeles in 1916. The neighbourhood continued to develop over the years, and it even housed several of the Olympic games in 1932. Celebrities like Joan Crawford, Bea Arthur and Marilyn Monroe have all lived in the area. It offers residents a laid-back way of living compared to more crowded parts of the city. Homes in the area are spread out, offering plenty of privacy and seclusion, which is exactly what celebrities are looking for. DON'T MISS:Six laws you could be breaking in your garden without knowing [EXPLAINER]‘Avoid’ using tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer replaces bathroom for £35 [VIDEO] According to Good Migrations, Brentwood has a low violent crime rate and a slightly above average property crime rate for LA. The area also offers great bars and restaurants close by as well as plenty of shops and local amenities. Residents can also take advantage of the numerous hiking routes available through the area. According to Realtor, homes for sale in the area have a median listing home price of $2,875,000 (£2.4million). READ MORE: ‘Simple’ ways to add value to your home for as little as £20 There are currently 91 homes for sale in the area on Zillow, an American real estate marketplace. The most expensive home on the market is currently on sale for $48million (£40million). It has stunning views over the neighbourhood and is located on 1.2 acres of land. Brentwood also has smaller homes available on the market as well as more affordable apartment living. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Marilyn Monroe lived in her Brentwood home for about six months before she passed away in 1962. Despite living in various different homes in her lifetime, her LA home was the one she actually bought and chose on her own. She reportedly purchased her house for between $77,500 (£65,000) and $90,000 (76,000). Located in the area, her home had a red tile roof along with two bedrooms and a small guesthouse. Other residents of Brentwood have included Travis Scott, LeBron James, Arnold Schwarzenegger and music mogul Scooter Braun.