Arsenal are understood to be 'in the box seat' to sign Marco Asensio from Real Madrid ahead of Manchester United. The Spanish winger is set to leave Los Blancos before Thursday's transfer deadline and reportedly has representatives on standby in London, ready to engage in discussions with Gunners chief Edu. The 26-year-old has fallen down the pecking order at Real Madrid under Carlo Ancelotti in recent times and the Italian coach has admitted the attacker is now looking to move on from the Spanish capital 11 months prior to the expiry of his contract. The forward is thought to have attracted plenty of Premier League admirers in recent months and a move to England ahead of Thursday's deadline is growing increasingly likely. According to the Mirror, Arsenal are understood to be 'in the box seat' to land the three-time Champions League winner despite interest from the likes of United and Tottenham. In an effort to resolve the uncertainty surrounding his future, Asensio has linked up with Jorge Mendes’s Gestifute agency and it is thought preparations are being made in anticipation for a potential move to the Emirates. A representative from the agency is understood to now be on standby in London, ready to stage discussions over a potential deal. The Gunners face a race against time to conclude a transfer with just days remaining of the current window. JUST IN: Everton starlet Anthony Gordon warned against joining Chelsea Arsenal have made no secret of their desire to recruit a winger this simmer, but failed in their efforts to land Raphinha from Leeds as Barcelona emerged victorious from that particular transfer tug-of-war. Having agreed to loan club-record signing Nicolas Pepe out to Nice for the season ahead, it appears increasingly likely Mikel Arteta will push to add a new attacker to his ranks in the coming days. The north Londoners once again face competition over a transfer target from a familiar foe in United, with the Red Devils said to be waiting in the wings over Asensio. Should Erik ten Hag's team see a deal to bring Ajax winger Antony to Old Trafford hit the buffers, it is thought United view Asensio as their back-up option. Tottenham are also understood to have shown interest in signing the 28-time Spain international this summer, however are thought to have since cooled their interest. With Asensio now in the final year of his contract at the Santiago Bernabeu, Real Madrid are understandably keen to cash in on the winger who has refused to commit to a new deal at the club. The reigning European champions are thought to be demanding a fee of £23.5million for the forward. Issuing an update on Asensio ahead of his side's visit to Espanyol on Sunday, Ancelotti reasserted that the winger is "evaluating his situation" before adding that Real Madrid would not look to recruit a replacement should he depart in the coming days. Ancelotti said: “I don’t know anything new about Asensio, only that he is evaluating his situation. "The second of September everything will be cleared up and if he stays he will be an important player and I will be delighted because last year he added a lot. We have a squad in which we have a lot of resources. If Marco leaves we will not sign anyone because we do not need anyone.”