Selling the OC is the first Selling Sunset spin-off, following in the footsteps of the hit real estate reality series with twins Jason and Brett Oppenheim opening a new branch in Newport, California. Even with a new location and characters to get to know, there will still be plenty of glamorous houses to show and drama to keep subscribers hooked. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Selling the OC. Polly, 36, was born in West Yorkshire, England and made the move to America after being scouted for a modelling job at 15. According to her profile on The Oppenheim Group website, she fell in love with architecture while living in different countries across Europe. She was still studying for her real estate license when she was offered the job by Jason. Lauren was with another brokerage when she was offered the job to work with The Oppenheim Group. Becoming an independent agent on a bigger scale was daunting but "no ris, no reward!", Lauren says. She told Us: "Working in real estate is no joke – my biggest flex is most definitely maintaining my sobriety throughout my career!" READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 Originally from Florida, Sean previously worked at Sotheby's and Coldwell Banker before joining The Oppenheim Group. He and Jason had known a mutual group of agents that started off in Beverly Hills and when they were finally introduced, Sean landed his new job. Kayla, 33, was working with the highest-rated team on Zillow before becoming an award-winning agent in the top one percent of her company, according to her Oppenheim Group profile. When she isn't at work though, Kayla is spending time with her 15-year-old son Jordan. Tyler comes from a long line of estate agents with five generations following the same career path. He worked alongside his dad for the past 12 years before making the decision to go his own way with The Oppenheim Group. During his spare time, Tyler enjoys going surfing and shares many pictures on his social media. The former public relations executive has been working with Jason and Brett for around one year now. She had just moved to Orange County and was approached for the position as well as to star in the show via Instagram. Sharing the exciting news, the mum-of-two posted: "My new home away from home!! "Excited to officially share that over the summer, I made an important move to The Oppenheim Group in Newport. I am thrilled to take my Real Estate Career to the next level..." Alexandra, who has a degree in finance and economics, was the first agent to work at the OC branch. According to the brokerage, she brought in almost $100million in sales during her first few years working on the job. Alexandra spent her teenage years in Texas but was happy to return to her roots in California. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [REACTION]Selling Sunset’s Chrishell Stause addresses plans to quit Netflix show [CAST]Julia Fox almost bares too much in unbelievably low-rise trousers  [GALLERY] Austin, 32, met Jason for the first time at a party before the premiere of Selling Sunset. A few years later and he made the move from Los Angeles to Orange County. As well as a real estate agent, Austin works as a model for Wilhemina and is a father of twin girls. Gio, who is originally from Newport Beach, was working at another brokerage when his wife pointed out The Oppenheim Group logo. She joked that he should switch brokerages and a few hours later, he went to check out the office and met Jason in person who, shortly after, offered him a job. Alex has a background in interior design which definitely helps her in staging luxury homes for viewings. She originally turned down the show but when she was told a producer from one of her favourite shows Laguna Beach was joining, Alex changed her mind. The third Alexandra in Selling the OC is Alexandra Jarvis who has many hates. On top of working as an estate agent, she does modelling and has worked as an attorney. Selling the OC premieres on Wednesday, August 24, on Netflix.