Arsenal flop Nicolas Pepe reportedly pledged to take an 'unusual' pay cut in order to seal his loan move to Nice this summer. The 27-year-old's exit supposedly gives Gunners boss Mikel Arteta the green light to sign a new winger before Thursday's transfer deadline, but prospects of landing one of their priority targets in Pedro Neto are supposedly slipping away. Pepe broadly failed to live up to his hefty £72million billing in north London with a crop of exciting youngsters laying claim to the starting spots out wide. In his final season at Lille he notched a superb 33 goal contributions in 38 Ligue 1 matches, which seems a world away from the solitary goal and two assists he registered last campaign. Arteta recently praised his attitude and revealed that Pepe was 'adamant' to gain consistent minutes elsewhere this summer, which is exemplified by the terms of his loan move to Nice. According to The Athletic, the Ivorian has agreed a 25 per cent pay cut with Arsenal covering a quarter of his normal wage and the French outfit covering 50 per cent. That arrangement has been described as 'unusual' given that Nice aren't a club in the midst of financial difficulty, but Pepe was seemingly in no mood to jeopardise an opportunity for regular action. JUST IN: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang 'robbed and beaten at gunpoint' in terrifying Barcelona attack The 27-year-old played the full 90 minutes on Sunday as Nice were thrashed 3-0 by Marseille on home turf. His debut wasn't the only prominent storyline for Gunners fans, either, with loanee Nuno Tavares on the scoresheet and former Arsenal hero Alexis Sanchez bagging a brace. Arteta left the door open for Arsenal to sign a winger before Thursday's transfer deadline in his press conference last week. "If we can implement the plan we have, we will try to do it," he said. "We’ve been preparing for the past two months for what we want. If we achieve that, I don’t know." READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Antony's Man Utd medical, Chelsea fly Fofana to USA, Aubameyang latest  Wolves star Pedro Neto was considered a top target in north London but, according to reports, signing the Portuguese this late in the window is now highly unlikely. The Gunners have already splashed out on a raft of new recruits this summer and, having been placed on a UEFA watchlist due to Financial Fair Play concerns, they may want to keep their spending reined in. Neto scored just once in the league last term and is yet to get off the mark in four matches this time around, but Wolves are believed to value him in the region of £50m. That hefty price tag looks to have put Arsenal's Pepe replacement plan at risk with the club unlikely to sanction such a lucrative deal and Wolves not keen to budge. Villarreal star Yeremy Pino had also been touted as a wide option with the Spanish outfit in need of a financial boost. It was thought that Arsenal could land the teenager for considerably less than his £67.5m release clause but things haven't progressed in recent weeks. Attracting top players will have been made easier for Arteta after his side's spectacular start to the season. A 2-1 win over Fulham on Saturday was their fourth win from four in the Premier League and they remain the only team to maintain a 100 per cent record in the top-flight.