The Spaniard immediately took part in Chelsea's final training session on Friday with the potential that he could make his debut tonight against Everton. Chelsea are still looking to make improvements in the centre of defence though with Thiago Silva and Kalidou Koulibaly currently the only leading contenders to start at the back. Cesar Azpilicueta recently signed a new contract extension to keep him at the club and has regularly played on the right of a back three. Cucurella now provides an alternative option on the left and could either provide competition for Ben Chilwell, or also be deployed in a back three. But with both Malang Sarr and Ethan Ampadu being linked with loan moves away from Stamford Bridge, Chelsea are in need of strengthening their depth at the back. Fofana has emerged as Chelsea's top target with the Blues seemingly targeting players with Premier League experience.  But signing the Frenchman won't come cheap with Leicester digging their heels in on losing their star defender. Chelsea's opening offer of £60m was knocked back immediately by Leicester with Brendan Rodgers admitting it was "nowhere near the valuation of our ownership". Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano now claims Chelsea have returned with an improved offer worth £70m. However, that too has been 'turned down' by Leicester with Rodgers insistent that Fofana is not for sale.  It is suggested that Chelsea have still not given up on signing the highly-rated 21-year-old. But Chelsea may have some hope of getting a deal over the line as Fofana is said to be '100 per cent keen on the move'. Fofana's second campaign at Leicester was disrupted after he suffered a broken leg in pre-season 12 months ago before making his return from injury in March earlier this year. Leicester are the only club in the Premier League yet to make any new signings this summer and have already lost No 1 goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel. The Foxes also face an agonising situation with a number of their first-team starters such as Caglar Soyuncu, Jamie Vardy, Youri Tielemans and Ayoze Perez all out of contract next summer. But it doesn't appear as though Leicester are willing to help fund more moves in the market by cashing in on Fofana.