Successful claimants could receive either £97.80 and £627.60 every four weeks to help with extra living costs. Personal Independence Payment can help people that have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability that causes them difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around because of their condition. PIP payments can be a lifeline for many people yet hundreds of thousands of Britons could be missing out due to common myths. Chronicle Live compiled a list of the most common PIP myths that prevent people from putting a claim in and whether they are true or false. READ MORE: Martin Lewis fan shares how she claimed £575 bonus with 'unbeatable' savings account Claims are assessed based on how that condition or disability affects someone’s ability to safely carry out day-to-day living tasks such as cooking, washing and communicating or moving around outside their home. There are hundreds of thousands of people across the UK receiving PIP to help them cope with a mental health condition, including stress, anxiety and depression. The assessment criteria for PIP reflects a more complete consideration of the impact of individuals’ health conditions or impairments whether it’s physical, sensory, mental or cognitive. READ MORE: TV licence: Britons eligible for 50% discount on their bill - how to apply The qualifying period starts from when your eligible needs arise and not from when you make a claim. The daily living component is for extra help with everyday tasks such as preparing food, washing, getting dressed or communicating with other people. The mobility component is for the extra help people may need for getting around and includes things such as moving, planning a journey or following a route. Each component can be paid at either a standard or enhanced rate. The standard weekly rate currently sits at £61.85 for the daily living component and at £24.45 for the mobility. The enhanced weekly rate sits at £92.40 for daily living and £64.50 for mobility. People may be able to claim one or both of these, at either rate, depending on their circumstances.