Princess Diana’s former butler Paul Burrell joined Charlotte Hawkins and Adil Ray on Good Morning Britain on Wednesday to discuss the 25th anniversary of her death. As he reminisced about the Princess of Wales, Paul remarked she would be “devastated” by the rift between Prince Harry and William. He went on to slam Harry for “throwing his family under the bus” in podcasts and interviews. Charlotte commented: “When we look at the situation now with William and Harry, how do you think she would be feeling Paul, with the fact the 25th anniversary of her death, they’re not spending it together?” “She’d be devastated by what’s happening now, by this rift that’s growing between her two boys,” Paul replied. “Those two boys she thought were joined at the hip for the rest of their lives. “She felt that Harry’s job was to support his brother when he became King. READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry “That was his role, to be William’s wing man, to always be there for him.” Paul continued: “I’m sad, I want both boys to be happy, I love them both. “But it’s sad that they’re not speaking to each other and it’s sad that they’re estranged from their family. “I don’t want to see Harry pushing members of his family under the bus for a podcast or for a book or for anything really. “I want him to enjoy his family, it’s his heritage.” Also on the show was former bodyguard Lee Sansum, who described the Princess of Wales as a “normal person”. “We had some really nice chats,” he said, before recalling Diana’s fears of being unsafer after Gianni Versace’s death. “When she was with the Fayed family and the Fayed security team, she seemed very relaxed and so were the Princes,” he recalled. DON'T MISS...Princess Diana’s ‘armour’ wardrobe made her an icon of 20th century [LATEST]Diana’s childhood home contains touching tribute from Earl Spencer [INSIGHT]Princess Diana's 'replacement' engagement ring worth £75,000[INSIGHT] “But it was when Versace, her friend, he was murdered as we know and at that time, everybody thought it was some kind of assassination. “That was the thought process at the time and then it turned out it was something slightly different. “But yeah she was saying to me she was upset, she was visibly upset, she’d been crying a lot, when I bumped into her on the yacht. “She asked me, rather earnestly, ‘Are they going to do that to me?’ And I was just a bit shocked at the whole scene at the time. “We were quite close so I had to take a step back in case the paparazzi took a shot and then made a story up about the shot. “I just reassured her we were a very professional team and we were going to look after her and her boys to the best of our abilities. “It kind of calmed her down which was good. It was very upsetting for me to see someone like that.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.