Research carried out by Citizens Advice Scotland found that prepayment meter customers are at risk of seeing the entirety of their Universal Credit claim spent on energy costs. In Scotland alone, around 470,000 households are customers who pay their energy bills in advance which is usually more expensive than those who pay via direct debit. This analysis comes following the Fuel Bank Foundation’s estimate that prepayment customers will spend £595 per month on their energy bills come October. Experts, such as Citizens Advice Scotland, are sounding the alarm that this is more than the standard allowance for Universal Credit for many recipients. For example, a single person under 25 gets £265.31 per month which is less than half of this monthly energy bill prediction. A couple over 25 get a standard allowance of £527.72 a month in Universal Credit which is still less than the forecast cost. As part of its warning, Citizens Advice Scotland highlighted the case of a single man under 25 who ran out of money a week before his Universal Credit was due. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out He was refused discretionary credit from energy suppliers and crisis grants from the Scottish Welfare Fund as he has already met his limit. The charity believes these cases are becoming more common and the energy bill hike in the coming months will exacerbate it. Estimates from Cornwall Insights suggest that annual energy bills could exceed £3,600 for the average household as the price cap goes up. The price cap is set to rise further in January 2023 and is predicted to reach as high as £4,266.  Derek Mitchell, the charity’s chief executive, outlined how the exponential rise in energy bills will affect the claims of everyday Universal Credit recipients. Mr Mitchell explained: “People will freeze or starve this winter without urgent and radical Government action on the cost of living. “Costs are set to soar and the safety net isn’t strong enough to support people. “For those on prepayment meters, their standard payment of Universal Credit could be entirely wiped out by their monthly energy costs. How are people supposed to live like that? READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments “For claimants under 25, their standard allowance won’t even cover their monthly bills.” The poverty expert warned that the current situation “isn’t sustainable” in the long-term for benefit claimants and urged the Government to intervene as soon as possible. He added: “This isn’t sustainable for people, and makes the decision to cut Universal Credit by £20 per week a year ago seem even more short sighted and counterproductive. “We’ve already seen energy rationing and self-disconnection increase and there’s a real risk of this continuing into the winter. “Policymakers can't waste time here – this is building up to a tsunami of poverty, debt and destitution.” Alongside his warning, Mr Mitchell reminded people to explore what options they have available to them, including accessing benefit schemes and cost of living payments. He also urged anyone at risk of poverty to seek advice through Citizens Advice to see how much they can get from payments such as Universal Credit. A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise people are struggling with rising prices which is why we are protecting millions of the most vulnerable families with at least £1,200 of direct payments, starting with the £326 cost of living payment, which has already been issued to more than seven million low-income households. “Through our £37billion support package we are saving the typical employee over £330 a year through a tax cut, allowing people on Universal Credit to keep £1,000 more of what they earn, while all households will receive £400 energy payments.”