The Tory leadership frontrunner caused a stir on Thursday by saying the "jury's out" on whether French president Emmanuel Macron is "friend or foe" to the UK. She added that if she was prime minister she would judge him on "deeds, not words". According to Eurasia Group director Mujtaba Rahman, the French leader will ignore Ms Truss's words. He said: "Suspect France/Macron will simply ignore Truss's remarks yesterday evening "The most insulting reaction possible." It is not the first time Ms Truss takes a dig at the French leader. Earlier this month, she had voters in Leigh bursting out laughing as she took a pop at Mr Macron while discussing France's role in stopping Channel crossings. Prospective voter Philip questioned the Prime Ministerial candidate about her plans for dealing with Paris were she to be elected into Number 10. He said: "We've got the French who are being completely uncooperative with this." Ms Truss sparked laughter among the audience when she quipped: "You don't say!" Smiling, Philip continued: "What I think should happen, and it's well within the Brexit Bill when it came out, is to revoke French fishing licenses. "If you do that, that focusses their attention on helping us, on their side, of the Channel to stop people coming over in the first people. "And also, we shouldn't be sending planes full of people to Rwanda. It should be ships, those ships should be stationed in the English Channel, if they've got no credentials, no ID, they go straight on the boat to Rwanda." READ MORE: Liz Truss will judge Macron on his deeds  Ms Truss replied: "Just on the subject of the French, I did have a very tough conversation with the French Foreign Minister because the French are not putting enough staff on the borders at Dover to deal with the long backlogs. "And I will be very clear and robust in my negotiations with the French. "I think you've seen with the Northern Ireland Protocol, when we didn't get what we needed to change the protocol and restore peace and stability, I got the Northern Ireland Bill through Whitehall. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Truss poised to press trigger in first action as PM [LIVE BLOG]'You've done b***** all!' Woman storms Steve Barclay interview [VIDEO]Putin to launch 'suicidal strikes' in 'drastic' last ditch effort [INSIGHT] "And I got it through the House of Commons so I'm ready to take robust action." Last month Ms Truss hit out at the French for failing to schedule extra border force officers in light of an expected increase in the influx of tourists from Dover into the continent. But the relationship with France came under question once again this week as a new record number of migrants crossed the Channel into the UK had reached 1,295.