Turkish Defence Minister Hulusi Akar claimed Athens had militarised 16 of the 23 islands given to Greece under the 1923 Lausanne Treaty and 1947 Paris Peace Treaties. Mr Akar, a former Chief of General Staff, said Turkey has a right to self-defence against the alleged threat. The Minister told a press conference organised by the Anatolian Publishers Association Greek sovereignty over the islands and the soundness of the international agreements would become controversial, according to a Nordic Monitor report. Mr Akar described as unacceptable Greece claiming 10 miles of airspace over its islands in the Aegean Sea despite their coastal shelf stretching for six miles. He accused Greek politicians of exploiting anti-Turkish sentiment for their own political gains. Turkey's Defence Minister told reporters: "Some politicians in Greece are continuing their provocative actions and rhetoric in line with their personal ambitions because such discourse against Turkey supposedly brings something to them in domestic politics."  He went on to cite a trial in Athens which came after Greek forces occupied western Anatolia in line with the Treaty of Sevres. Greece sent troops into the Turkish region in 1922, but was forced to withdraw its forces as they were defeated by Turkey's army and militia members. The defeat sparked political unrest in Greece and led to the execution for treason of three former Prime Ministers, a former foreign minister, ex-war minister and a Commander in Chief. Mr Akar warned: "Our Greek interlocutors should never forget how bitter the price of the despicable adventure undertaken a century ago was and that its six rulers were sentenced to death."  READ MORE ABOUT BRITONS TOLD TO TURN DOWN THE TEMPERATURE OF THEIR BOILERS  "One should learn from history and not pursue new adventures that will result in disappointment." His comments come after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan called on Greece to stop arming the islands and abide by international agreements in June. Athens and Ankara have been at loggerheads over issues including maritime boundaries, airspace, migrants and Cyprus for years. In a speech made while observing Turkish military exercises near the Aegean coastal province of Izmir, Mr Erdogan called on Athens to "avoid dreams, acts and statements" which "will result in regret".  DON'T MISS: 'They hate us!' Harry and Meghan’s UK return motive exposed [OPINION] Meghan and Harry’s ‘cashed up future’ with Netflix 'less certain' [REVEALED] Prince Louis has left his £14,500 nursery to attend £17,556 school [LATEST]  He also invoked Turkey's independence war in the early 1920s when Turks defeated occupying powers, including Greece. Mr Erdogan said: "Turkey will not renounce its rights in the Aegean and will not back down from using rights that are established by international agreements when it comes to arming islands." Turkey's leader announced earlier this summer that Ankara would halt all bilateral talks with Athens amid a row with Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis and alleged airspace violations. Greece has said Turkey's remarks about it arming the islands are "unfounded".  Greek government spokesman Giannis Economou, asked in June about the risks of a possible armed clash, told reporters Greece was handling with composure "a crescendo of inflammatory Turkish statements". Yesterday it was reported the foreign ministries of both Turkey and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC) had criticised Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Dendias over remarks about Ankara's peace operation on the Mediterranean island. Mr Dendias had reportedly claimed Cyprus had been illegally occupied by Turkey. The Turkish Foreign Ministry said on Twitter: "The Greek Cypriots violated the 1960 Constitution and destroyed the partnership Republic in 1963. Türkiye had to intervene after the Greek coup d'etat in July 1974, aiming to stop bloodshed & violence against Turkish Cypriots."  The ministry added: "Greece & Greek Cypriots never showed the necessary will for a permanent settlement on the Island. Greek Cypriots rejected the Annan Plan in 2004, and left the table in Crans-Montana in 2017. "The inherent rights, sovereign equality & equal status of Turkish Cypriots should be reaffirmed for a(n) equitable, just & viable settlement on the Island." The TRNC Foreign Ministry added: "With this statement, Dendias is trying to make people forget the black mark left by the Greeks in history and to distort the historical and legal facts." Cyprus is a key point of division between Greece and Turkey which maintain competing claims over offshore waters believed to contain large quantities of natural gas. The island was partitioned in 1974 when Turkey invaded its northern third in response to a brief, Greek-inspired coup. Both Greece and Turkey are guarantor powers of Cypriot independence, along with Britain. 