Energy bills are predicted to top £5,000-a-year next year according to the most pessimistic forecast. Experts from Auxilione, an energy consultancy, warned that regulator Ofgem could set the cap at £5,038 per year from April 2023. They also predict that the cap could reach around £4,400 by January. Meanwhile, energy regulator Ofgem has said: “The wholesale market continues to move extremely quickly so no forecast for next year is at all robust at this stage and will therefore have very limited value, especially for consumers who must always be the main priority. “We cannot stop others from making predictions but we would ask that extreme caution is applied to any predictions for the price cap in January or beyond.” The growing crisis has led to calls from some that the price cap rise should be scrapped. Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown said exactly this earlier this week, adding that firms which refuse to drop prices should be nationalised. He added: “Families of 2022 are about to suffer more than in 2008-09 and only bold and decisive action starting this week will rescue people from hardship and reunite our fractured country.” So should the energy price cap be scrapped? Have you say in the poll below. Liz Truss looks likely to become the next Prime Minister, and she has defended energy companies' soaring profits this week. She dismissed the idea of hitting the firms with a windfall tax, saying this would be about "bashing business". Ms Truss added: "I don't think profit is a dirty word, and the fact it's become a dirty word in our society is a massive problem. "Now, of course, the energy giants, if they're in an oligopoly, should be held to account, and I would make sure they're rigorously held to account. "But the way we bandy the word around 'profit' [as if] it's something that's dirty and evil, we shouldn't be doing that as Conservatives." READ MORE: Smart meter users could be switched to pre-payment if they don't pay Her opponent in the Tory leadership race, Rishi Sunak, has said Ms Truss' plan to cut taxes won't help many of those in need this winter. The former Chancellor instead suggests providing billions of pounds' worth of support on extra payments to pensioners and those on the lowest incomes. The companies' record profits has become a huge talking point – BP reported its biggest quarterly profit in 14 years - £6.9billion - Shell posted a record profit of £9billion. In fact, the anger towards the energy companies is so rampant that the Don't Pay UK campaign – calling on people to refuse to pay their energy bills – is gaining momentum. Over 100,000 Britons have now pledged to not pay their bills in October. They will be follow through if one million people sign up to the campaign. DON'T MISSOfgem issues stark warning as Britons face £400 rebate scam [INSIGHT]Energy bill shock: Brits pay TWICE more than French..as UK sends RE... [ANALYSIS]Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview [INSIGHT] The CEO for Ofgem, Joanthan Brearley, has urged people against joining the campaign. However, Ofgem staff were handed more than £1million of bonuses according to reports. Mr Brearley, who earned more than £300,000 per annum, was given £15,000. Campaign group We Own It branded the bonuses a “disgrace”. Director Cat Hobbs said: “At a time when millions are facing fuel poverty after yet another price cap hike, it is in poor taste that Ofgem can find tens of thousands of pounds for bosses, on top of already large salaries.”