Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter) will soon lose her battle with terminal cancer on Emmerdale. The iconic character wants to live out her final days to the full and be supported by her friends and family. However, could Faith suffer a fatal heart attack after receiving some shocking news in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap? Faith has been surrounded by her loved ones during her ongoing cancer battle on the ITV soap. In recent months she has even healed wounds with her son Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) who even shed a tear over her illness. He resented his mother for the way she treated him as a child, but it appears as though managed to put the past behind him. Faith's daughter Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) has been there for her as well as she lives out her last days. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on However, could a dark secret cause Faith to die sooner than expected in a tragic twist? On Tuesday night's instalment of Emmerdale, Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) told Chas caught her cheating on husband Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) with Cain's enemy Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Belle told the pair: "You're busted now. I saw you two leaving the hotel yesterday." Chas told her she never meant to hurt anybody but Belle was not having a word of it.  Belle threatened to tell Paddy the truth, but a frantic Chas warned her: "You will ruin our lives, our marriage, and Eve [Dingle] will lose her dad, or me." "Paddy has already got too much stress with work and looking after Marlon [Dingle]," Chas pleaded. "I am begging you, you cannot tell Paddy." Chas added: "I know I don't deserve your forgiveness or Paddy's, but if you do this and you tell him, then my dying mother's last few months are going to be blighted by all of this. "Yes I know it is my fault and I will have to live with that for the rest of my life, and I deserve to be punished, but she doesn't. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charity and Mackenzie to adopt after baby loss  [THEORY]Emmerdale star Lisa Riley confesses she'll never marry fiancé Al [INSIGHT]James Hooton's exercise passion burns up to 400 calories- what he does [UPDATE] Chas Dingle "I am begging you, for her sake, please don't blow everything up, not just yet. Just give me this time with my mum." Belle felt Chas was using her dying mother as an excuse to keep her affair a secret but she mulled over their conversation about Faith and Paddy. Later on, Belle promised she would not tell Paddy about the infidelity on the condition Chas would end it with Al. Chas promised she would cut ties with the businessman - but was she telling Belle the truth?  Belle is bound to explode if she catches Chas and Al continuing their fling and she could tell Faith and Paddy before Chas has the chance to explain herself. Could the affair cause Faith to have a heart attack from a combination of shock and stress? A heart attack might kill the Emmerdale icon in her fragile state, but will the rest of the Dingles turn on Belle or Chas for triggering it? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 