As of October, energy bills will roughly be seeing an 80 percent increase in price since the start of the year. As alarming as this might seem, there are ways to take back some control and keep costs lower at home by being more efficient with appliances, and here are four ways to do it. While appliances such as fridges, cookers and washing machines are essential in households, these are often the reason why energy costs creep up. However, according to experts at electrical retailer AO Logistics, from holding on to instruction manuals to customising washing cycles, there are some valuable ways to “shave pounds off” monthly bills and reduce the running costs of appliances. Try to limit the number of times you open the doors to fridges and freezers.  READ MORE: Germany sparks ridicule as Russia gas strategy backfires  Jason Smith, national operations manager at AO Logistics explained: “Every time the fridge door is opened, cold air escapes and warm air enters which means the appliance must work harder to reduce the temperature. “You may notice that the doors are hard to open again after closing. Cooling the air costs money so the less you open the door, the less you spend.” Another simple step that many people often overlook is paying attention to the instructions. Mr Smith said: “Your manufacturer’s instructions are full of tips on how to reduce energy usage and make the most of your specific appliance – for example, don’t stick to the pre-set programmes.”  Every appliance will have multiple settings, programmes and cycles that can be tailored to people’s own personal circumstances to reduce the amount of water, electricity and energy being used. Regarding instruction manuals, research from AO found that over half (54 percent) of Britons surveyed admitted to throwing them away and almost half (43 percent) of people regretted not correctly reading the instruction manual before using their appliance. Unsurprisingly, 28 percent of the 2,000 people surveyed regretted binning the manual. Mr Smith said: “People often use more electricity than they need to because they don’t understand how their appliance works. “Instruction manuals are a free and easy way to reduce costs and don’t worry if you have thrown it away – you can access manuals from most manufacturers online.”  DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: What should the next PM's first priority should be? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Octopus ‘Octo Assist Fund’: Who is eligible and how to apply? [INSIGHT]Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills [EXPLAINED]    Using a laptop and monitor screen all day equates to around seven percent of total energy bills, so it’s important to turn any appliances with a ‘standby mode’ off when they’re not in use. CEO of Love Energy Savings Phil Foster previously told Express.co.uk: “If you turn all your appliances off rather than leaving them on standby for a whole year, you can save up to £40." Energy-efficient models or modes can bear a significant influence on the running costs of household appliances.  Mr Smith said: “While it may not be the cheapest product up front, these appliances use less energy to run so they pay for themselves over time, and you can make a substantial saving in the long term.” To substantiate savings, Mr Foster said: “Buying a new product with the most energy-efficient label can save you up to £145 a year compared to running an older model.” To help customers find the most efficient models, AO has introduced the energy saving tool Youreko on its website, highlighting exactly how much money can be saved when choosing a more efficient appliance. Launched on AO.com this month, the tool compares the running costs and real financial savings over the lifetime of multiple appliances and recommends alternative models that could be more cost-effective in the long run. 