Virgin River has become a Netflix hit across the globe and the Canadian series grows in popularity with each season. Season four included an emotional moment when Ricky said goodbye to Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) so he could join the Marines. Ricky actor Grayson spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what's in store for his character. Virgin River fans were left reaching for the tissues when Ricky finally said his goodbyes to his friends and family. For some time he has considered following in Jack's footsteps and joining the Marines, wanting a sense of purpose. However, he was scared of telling his girlfriend Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale) and she was heartbroken that he lied to her. Season four saw Lizzie explore new relationships as Ricky finally decided to leave Virgin River. In an emotional scene, he said his last goodbyes to Jack before boarding the coach. READ MORE: Alexandra Breckenridge children: Does Virgin River star have kids? Fans were left wondering whether Ricky had left the series for good, and actor Grayson has given the answer. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk he said: "I'm not coming back for season five, I don't think that means he's not coming back ever. "I think these things will...depending on how they play out he has this semi-important role in the books. "It can really vary but he needs to move out of the way so other plot lines can develop. "At the pace the show has moved he would be away for a little while, at least a season. READ MORE: This Morning backlash as 'Viking' children cause chaos on set "So he won't be in season five but maybe season six or seven, who knows. I'm always happy to come back. "I love the show, I love the people." This news will come as bittersweet to fans of Ricky. Hopefully, he will return from his first deployment with plenty of stories in a couple of seasons' time. The star said his favourite moment from season four was when Virgin River residents gathered together to wave Ricky off. "My favourite moment in the entirety of shooting was the moment when Ricky is driving out of town and the whole town shows up," he said. DON'T MISS... Virgin River plot hole: How is Charmaine still pregnant? [DISCUSSION] Virgin River season 5: Star confirms Mel’s history to be explored [INSIGHT] Virgin River's Hope star pays tribute to co-stars in season 5 preview [DISCUSSION] "It was great because it was one of my last days on set as well and I got to say goodbye to everyone on the set. "It was a good time and I got to really get into it. That little chunk was pretty insignificant in the grand scheme of it but it meant a lot to me." Grayson admitted it was emotional when he said goodbye to his co-star Martin, as they have a great off-screen relationship. "With Martin that was my second last day of filming and it kind of hit me all at once," he said. "Everything that was going on, that it was coming to an end. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers "Martin is always such a fantastic actor so you are never left hanging or in the lurch with him. "He is always there emotionally for a scene, it was just one of those scenes that it kind of all came together. "It was raining that day too, it wasn't supposed to be, it wasn't added in post. "It was just a murky, sad day and it was perfect, it just totally fit the mood of the scene and it made me even more miserable, in a good way. "That scene was super emotional for me. It was very cathartic, letting go of the show."  Virgin River seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now, season 5 is in the making.