Michael Knighton, who came close to buying Manchester United in 1989, is keen to purchase the Red Devils from the Glazers. And while the Americans don’t plan on selling right now, they still have five reasons to consider a U-turn on that matter. Express Sport will now take a look at what could tempt the Glazers into finally leaving Old Trafford after 17 years of their controversial rule. Back in 2005, the Glazers purchased United by paying £790million to acquire the club. Initially, things went well. With Sir Alex Ferguson at the helm, the club knocked Chelsea off their perch and won five Premier League titles before the Scot’s retirement in 2013. United have won just three trophies since, however, with the club now a shadow of what they used to be. However, the Glazers can still make a profit if they decide to walk away. United are thought to be worth in the region of £4billion, an amount that could be enough to convince the Americans into finally uprooting. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything If the Glazers stay on at United, they’ll face having to spend more money than normal in order to turn the club around. Obviously, the squad needs major surgery. Whether that’s this summer or in the coming years, it’s an area to be addressed. And then there’s the small matter of redeveloping Old Trafford to modernise the grand, famous stadium as well. All of these things will cost the Glazers and, given United’s poor form in recent years, it may even involve them dipping into some of their own funds - with the moths likely to fly out of the wallet. There’s nothing to indicate that, after 17 years, the Glazers care enough to tackle the biggest issues at play. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Well, not everybody. We’re sure those close to the Glazers would have only positive things to say. But they are unpopular and even that word is an understatement. Even when United were winning trophies, fans called on the Americans to go. In recent years, and particularly after the failed European Super League plot, things have only got worse. Legends such as Gary Neville, Roy Keane and Paul Scholes have all fired shots at Joel and Avram Glazer in recent years. And with the club worsening, criticism is expected to heighten… Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Linked to the previous point, things could yet turn nastier. United have played one and lost one so far this season and have landed just three players, despite Ralf Rangnick previously claiming they need as many as 10. Fans protested before Sunday’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton. And things are unlikely to change. Should results worsen, so too will the actions of fans away from the pitch. They’ve already got one game called off before and, such is their devotion, a repeat of those antics can’t be ruled out as tempers rise. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team The Glazers insist they have honourable intentions. So the honourable thing would be to walk away and leave the club in better hands. Yes, they’ve spent big. But most of the money is generated by United, with little of their own cash spent on bringing the club up to standards. It’s in stark contrast to Manchester City and Chelsea, where the owners bankroll their transfer business. United need a rich owner of their own, one who actually cares enough to visit every match and show their dedication to the cause. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here