Earlier this month, Strictly Come Dancing’s launch date was confirmed as September 7. The moment this year’s celebrities meet their professional partners will be recorded on this date and The Big Breakfast exclusively announced on Saturday when fans of the BBC show can expect to watch the 2022 launch. The Big Breakfast hosts AJ Odudu and Mo Gilligan welcomed Strictly’s Johannes Radebe onto the show among other guests. During a chat with the Ballroom and Latin dancer, AJ revealed when Strictly’s launch show will air on BBC One. She said: “We do have the exclusive that the launch of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 is going to be September 17. How exciting.” Strictly pro Johannes remarked: “It is exciting, you would know. Read more: Strictly's Oti Mabuse quit to launch perfume, says Arlene Phillips “Everyone is waiting for it I know. We can’t face winter without Strictly so I’m happy it’s back on our screens.” “Exactly,” former Strictly star AJ said. “Me too.” AJ then turned to The Big Breakfast guest comedian Asim Chaudhry to ask his thoughts on the BBC series. “Asim, would you do Strictly ever?” AJ asked. “Well I’ve got the vivacious curves for it,” he joked. “I could get a little bit of shaking going on.” The news excited The Big Breakfast viewers as @ShakyWoon tweeted: “#StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly will launch on 17 September! How exciting! #TheBigBreakfast #bigbreakfast.” The season 20 launch will be pre-recorded on September 7, as reported by The Mirror. Strictly favourites Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec won’t be returning to the BBC show. DON'T MISSStrictly’s Janette Manara on being ‘emotional’ watching the show [INSIGHT]POLL: Will you be watching Strictly Come Dancing this year? [POLL]Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed [INSIGHT] However, the BBC has confirmed there will be four new dancers joining the professional line-up. European cup winner Vito Coppola and Chinese National Champion Carlos Gu have been signed up. Former Under 21 British National Champion Lauren Oakley and Latin dance champion Michelle Tsiakkas complete the list of new names joining the dance floor. Meanwhile, the judging panel has also received a shake-up as Bruno Tonioli will also be missing. Anton Du Beke stepped in for Bruno last year when the judge was unable to fulfil his commitments to both Strictly and Dancing With The Stars. Earlier this year it was confirmed Anton will once again step into Bruno's shoes but this time in a more permanent role. Craig Revel Horwood, Shirley Ballas and Motsi Mabuse will join Anton on the judging panel. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One on September 17. The Big Breakfast airs on Channel 4 on Saturday at 10am.