Manchester United owners the Glazers have such support for Erik ten Hag they’re willing to let the Dutchman offload Cristiano Ronaldo before Thursday’s transfer deadline, reports say. The Portugal international has been left on the bench for three of his side’s first four Premier League matches. And he still wants to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football. Manchester United have known since June that Ronaldo wants out, with the veteran unwilling to play in the Europa League as he enters the twilight years of his career. Ten Hag has repeatedly insisted he wants the 37-year-old to stay at Old Trafford, publicly at least. But, behind the scenes, it’s believed the Dutchman is open to parting ways with the veteran providing a suitable offer comes in. Now, according to The Times, the Glazers have such support for Ten Hag they’re ‘prepared to both suffer the commercial consequences of granting Ronaldo his transfer and spend heavily on replacements’. While the club wouldn’t get a huge fee for the Portugal international, they would be able to save themselves a fortune in wages - which Ronaldo believed to earn close to £400,000-a-week. Napoli seem like frontrunners for the forward, despite the Serie A giants distancing themselves from talk of a deal. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers But when it comes to replacements, United appear to have three main targets. They want Antony regardless of what happens with Ronaldo, having already seen a massive £76million bid for the 22-year-old turned down by Ajax. United have considered walking away from a deal but that doesn’t appear likely to happen, with Ten Hag adamant a reunion must be secured before Thursday’s deadline. Antony previously played under the Dutchman over in Amsterdam and they won the Eredivisie title together last term, with the forward scoring eight goals and producing four assists. Another player in United’s sights is PSV Eindhoven winger Cody Gakpo. The 23-year-old is viewed as one of Dutch football’s brightest prospects after managing 24 goal involvements in the Eredivisie last term. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him United would likely be able to sign Gakpo for cheaper than Antony, with the PSV star believed to be valued at around £40m - a relatively affordable fee for a club of the Red Devils’ size and stature. And Memphis Depay is another option for the fallen Premier League giants, too. Depay previously moved to Old Trafford back in the summer transfer window of 2015, with Louis van Gaal sanctioning a £26m move for his compatriot. But he blew hot and cold for 18 months before Jose Mourinho deemed the 28-year-old surplus to requirements, with the player then moving to Lyon. Depay has rebuilt his career in the years since, however, and is on the market as Barcelona look to balance their finances. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. However, it’s thought he’s less of a priority than Gakpo and Antony - who seem to be Ten Hag’s priorities at the current moment in time. And who United ultimately end up bringing in, with just mere days of the transfer window remaining, is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, regarding Ronaldo, Ten Hag again stated he wanted to keep hold of the veteran after Saturday’s key 1-0 win over Southampton at St Mary’s. Despite not being at their best, the Red Devils claimed all three points courtesy of a stunning strike from Bruno Fernandes. And Ten Hag said: We plan with him. We stick to the plan. I hope he is here." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Ten Hag then also appeared to suggest he was happy with his current centre-forward options, with Ronaldo competing with Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial for a starting berth. "I think he [Rashford] was quite effective, especially the first 15 mins after half-time. He understood he has to be a target at times," said Ten Hag. "He was the one who creates the situations. “He was involved in the situations after half time and he played an important role in our attacks in the first 15 mins after half-time. "That is what I expected when there is a lot of pressure on the ball that there is a striker that we can play over and he did really well. “We have Cristiano, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford so we are okay [for strikers]. “If a good player is available we will strike because we want to strengthen the squad. Always. We will be alert until the last second of the window." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag then also appeared to suggest he was happy with his current centre-forward options, with Ronaldo competing with Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial for a starting berth. "I think he [Rashford] was quite effective, especially the first 15 mins after half-time. He understood he has to be a target at times," said Ten Hag. "He was the one who creates the situations. “He was involved in the situations after half time and he played an important role in our attacks in the first 15 mins after half-time. "That is what I expected when there is a lot of pressure on the ball that there is a striker that we can play over and he did really well.