Mr King recounted how thieves intercepted his wife Deidre’s car key signal and were able to steal the keyless £50,000 Lexus. He said: “We think the thieves came to the house at 11.45pm and used their computer device to unlock the car and remove it with no smashing into the car or anything. “We didn’t notice it until the next morning, by which time it was probably in a container with its plates changed on its way out of the country.” He suspects his house was staked out in advance, and thieves were able to intercept the keyless car signal when his wife parked at 6pm. There were 101,198 vehicles stolen in England and Wales alone last year, Home Office data shows. Many of these are thefts of cars with keyless technology prompting the AA to call for manufacturers to inform motorists that their cars could be at risk. Mr King, who bought a £110 steering wheel lock and is considering a retractable security bollard and gates to stop his cars from being driven off the driveway, said: “Are we that lazy that we cannot press a button on a key fob or turn a key if it protects us.” Specialist pouches are available for key fobs, which are cheap protective sleeves that block the signal the key generates. Drivers have also been told that putting their keys inside household appliances, including freezers and microwaves, can also stop criminals infiltrating the signal. But more than half (51 percent) of motorists who own models with keyless technology told the AA they do not use any of these items. The poll of 4,079 drivers with keyless cars found that just a fifth have faraday pouches. Another nine per cent said they store their keys in a metal box to block the signal, while seven per cent use a dedicated safe box. One percent said they wrap their keys in foil for safe keeping, while a similarly small percentage admitted they store their keys in a microwave or oven overnight. The remaining 13 percent say they use other security measures to protect their keys from criminals. Gus Park, managing director of AA Insurance Services, said: “The key has always been the most vulnerable part of the car when it comes to security, but many are unaware how important it is to protect it. “Keyless entry is becoming more common too with more manufacturers offering the tech on lower specification cars. “Drivers should do all they can to protect their keys.”