This year has seen a spate of releases and announcements of upcoming publications centred around the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, 41. Off the back of these releases, royal expert Neil Sean claimed that explosive allegations surrounding the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are merely the “tip of the iceberg” of things to come. He said that “with more books” and “more documentaries” in the pipeline, there is “no way they can stem the flow” of media attention. This comes in the wake of the bombshell allegations packed into royal biographer Tom Bower’s latest release. Last month, Mr Bower’s “Revenge: Meghan, Harry, and the War between the Windsors”, hit the shelves. The book was described by its publisher as an account delving into “the tangled web of courtroom drama, courtier politics and thwarted childhood dreams to uncover an astonishing story of love, betrayal, secrets and revenge”. Ahead of its release, a source claimed the biography, which had no input from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, was the publication Meghan was “dreading”. They told The Sun: "Tom doesn't pull his punches and is terrifyingly thorough in his research. No stone will be left unturned. "Tom has previously worked with some of his subjects, and even spent time trailing them, but it has been made perfectly clear to him that this will not be an option with Meghan." Bower has claimed that the Duchess of Sussex "did everything she could" to prevent those around her from speaking to the biographer. READ MORE: Prince Charles responds hilariously to fan asking him to go for a beer Then, just following the book's publication, the Duke and Duchess’s biographer announced a sequel to the bestselling ‘Finding Freedom’ would be published next year. Omid Scobie said he was “so excited” to “finally share” the news of the follow-up to the 2020 book, co-written with Carolyn Durand. The title of the sequel has not yet been made public. HarperCollins, publishing the book in the UK, said it “will have the world talking” with its “exclusive revelations”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as wrong title used [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle run for Democrats in 2024 election? [POLL]Meghan and Harry told 'they’d be crazy' to sell as £11m home [REPORT] The publisher added that it will look at a “new chapter of the royal story and feature unique insight, deep access and exclusive revelations”. Royal Family branding expert, Professor Pauline MacLaran, told Express.co.uk "only to be expected" that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would want to hit back at the allegations in Bower's book. The co-author of 'Royal Fever' argued: “I think Omid Scobie’s new sequel announcement sounds like sabre-rattling and the promise of more “he said, she said” to come. “It’s only to be expected that Harry and Meghan will have some way of defending themselves against the many inferences of Tom Bower’s 'Revenge'." She added: "Although we don’t know that they will be directly authorising Omid’s future work, we can surmise they may intend to play a tacit role in supporting it.” Also in the works is a tell-all memoir from Prince Harry, who called the book an “opportunity to tell my story”. The memoir, published by Penguin Random House, will be the “definitive account” of the Duke’s “experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons”. Prince Harry added: “I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learnt — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” He continued: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” Reports also claim the Duke and Duchess will release a docu-series with streaming giant Netflix, giving a glimpse into their life in California.