 To claim Attendance Allowance people need to claim the state pension and they must also have a disability or an illness that makes it harder for them to look after themselves. The disability or illness a person can be both physical or mental. People also do not need to have a carer to qualify for the benefit.   However, people must have "had care or supervision needs” because of their disability or illness for at least six months before they can get Attendance Allowance. The amount that someone is entitled to is dependent on how much help a person needs. Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates and every four weeks. Pensioners could receive £61.85 if they need help during the day or at night. READ MORE: Universal Credit: When you can expect second cost of living payment     However, if someone needs help during both the day and night they could receive £92.40. People also do not need to have had a formal diagnosis for their condition to apply for the help. Attendance Allowance is not a means-tested benefit, so people who are working can still claim. It also means that it doesn’t matter how much a person has in savings as it will not affect what they are entitled to.  Care home residents usually are not entitled to the support as their care is typically paid for by their local authority. However, they may still be able to claim Attendance Allowance if they pay for all their own care home costs. There are over 50 conditions that could qualify for Attendance Allowance, however it is dependent on the effect the condition has on a person’s quality of life. Some conditions which could be eligible include: READ MORE: Express.co.uk explores the small changes you can make to boost your financial position. People who face a terminal illness can also apply. There is also a quicker application process for people who have been diagnosed with a terminal illness and aren't expected to live more than six months. Applicants might also qualify for Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction when they receive Attendance Allowance. According to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) around 3.4 million pensioners are estimated to be eligible for Attendance Allowance. Many are turned off applying for the support due to the application process which several disability charities have described as being “long” and “overcomplicated”. It also requires people to answer personal questions which many may not want to do, or could find emotionally draining. However, charities, including Citizens Advice and Age UK, have urged Britons to claim if they are eligible. Both of these charities, as well as many others, provide support and help to individuals when filling out the forms.  