The continuing threat to our values was highlighted once more in the savage attack at the weekend on British novelist Sir Salman Rushdie as he was about to deliver a lecture at an education centre in New York state. A suspect, Hadi Matar, who was detained at the scene, is in custody. Fortunately, despite the barbarism of the knife assault, Sir Salman survived and is even reported to be making jokes from his hospital bed. But his resilience cannot disguise the horror of this crime. For decades, Rushdie has been a prime target for Islamist bigots and their fellow travellers precisely because he is a symbol of freedom against theocratic totalitarianism. This status was gained by the global reaction in 1989 to his fourth novel, The Satanic Verses, which was deemed blasphemous by many Muslims because it was said to have insulted the Prophet Muhammed. From Bradford to Baghdad, copies of the book were ceremonially burnt by angry demonstrators. Even worse, the ruling mullahs of Iran, led by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, imposed a fatwa on Rushdie, calling for him to be put to death.  Despite some wishful thinking by western appeasers, that order has never been rescinded. Under heavy-duty protection, Rushdie had to go into hiding. It is only in recent years that he had begun to lead something resembling a normal life. But from the moment that the fatwa was passed, Rushdie should have been defended to the hilt by our political and cultural leaders. An attack on him was an attack on the very concept of free speech. Rushdie’s fellow novelist Anthony Burgess described the fatwa as “a declaration of war against the citizens of a free country”. Sadly, in place of a defiant trumpet blast against the book burners, equivocation and surrender came from some quarters. The then Archbishop of Canterbury Robert Runcie wailed about “the offence” done to the “followers of Islam” while his successor George Carey said that “we must be more tolerant of Muslim anger”. Parts of the left were just as pusillanimous.  Labour’s Deputy Leader Roy Hattersley, himself a distinguished writer, called for the publication of the paperback to be withdrawn. Shirley Williams of the Liberal Democrats said the protection for Rushdie was “a waste of taxpayers’ money” and his knighthood was “a mistake” because he had “offended Muslims in a deep and personal way”. It has been the same depressing story ever since. Terrified of accusations of Islamophobia, the British state now has in practice imposed a blasphemy law in defence of Muslim faith. A teacher in Dewsbury accused of insulting Islam last year had to go into hiding in fear of his life. Few politicians defended him. Across the Atlantic, the Biden White House, instead of treating Iran as a pariah state, is negotiating a nuclear deal which could end up putting weapons of mass destruction in the hands of the mullahs.  What makes this feebleness all the more dangerous is that it has been accompanied by a wider erosion of free speech. The enemies of liberty are not just the jihadists but also the social justice warriors. Their ideology has created a climate of aggressive censorship and thought control in our civic life. Courses in “Unconscious Bias Training” or “Critical Race Theory”, are now common in Britain’s public sector. Our universities, which should be arenas for open discussion, are now fortresses of progressive groupthink. The permanently “offended” dominate social media. Too many police forces now prefer to tackle Twitter offences rather than real crimes. At the same time, the Orwellian cancel culture, which enforces the progressive dogma, has seen livelihoods destroyed, speakers banned, books withdrawn and authors ostracised. “You’re next,” one Twitter user told Rowling after the Rushdie attack. There is no room to compromise with the fanatical enemies of liberty. This weekend should mark a turning point in the fight to defend our civilisation." 