 Sir Richard Branson, 72, was heavily criticised by a social media user after he took to Twitter to share a picture of his family during their holiday. The business magnate’s post was branded as ‘tone deaf’ by his outraged critic who pointed out how people across the world struggled to afford basic necessities.   Richard shared a cheerful picture alongside various of his family members, who could be seen lounging on a sunbed as they waved at the camera. The billionaire, who founded Virgin Group, simply captioned the shot: “Three generations.” But furious Twitter user Jonny_b69 seemed less than impressed by the upbeat photo. They responded: “Thanks for the tone deaf picture from your personal Caribbean island while many around the world struggle to afford heat, light and food…” READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life Jules added: "Hey! Look at us all here. We want you to look and drool." But Phil wrote: "He does help people to afford heat, light and food. Collectively they are know as his employees." [sic] RIchard recently announced that his company Virgin Orbit will launch the first ever rocket from British soil. The ‘DOVER’ pathfinder satellite, which belonged to the international engineering firm Rhea Group, built in Oxfordshire by space company Open Cosmos, was announced at the beginning of August.  According to the UK Space Agency, the satellite will transmit an “innovative new signal” that will provide crucial data as part of RHEA’s research projects. Richard revealed the plans in a tweet, in which he referred to the upcoming developments as “very exciting”. He said: “The next Virgin Orbit mission will take off from Spaceport Cornwall and marks the UK’s first ever satellite launch. “Very exciting times to come.” DON'T MISS...Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [INSIGHT]Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICTURES]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [UPDATE] The DOVER satellite completes the lineup for the Virgin’s maiden launch. The project also includes satellites from organisations such as Space Forge, the Satellite Applications Catapult and Horizon Technologies, as well as the Prometheus-2 research demonstration satellites. The Prometheus-2 satellite launch is part of a collaboration between the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) and international partners, including the US National Reconnaissance Office (NRO). Unlike many rockets, Virgin Orbit’s Launcher One takes off horizontally, carried aloft by a modified Boeing 747 aircraft, which is named Cosmic Girl.     Emma Jones, RHEA’s UK Business Director, said: “This is a momentous event for RHEA. “This year we are celebrating our 30th anniversary and it is a great milestone to launch our first ever satellite in the same year."   