Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) suffered a heart attack last week on Emmerdale as her drug addiction storyline finally came to its head, with Liam (Jonny McPherson) and Jacob (Joe-Warren Plant) finally finding out the truth. Whereas Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins) convinced Jacob to support his mother, she was less than successful in getting through to Liam. It seems the trio are fractured at the moment but in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, they could be ready to leave the village which holds so many dark memories about their respective pasts. At the end of last week's episodes, Leyla regained consciousness but Liam was nowhere to be seen as he thought she had dug her own grave. With his daughter Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) having lost her life at such a young age, the doctor thought his wife had brought this on herself. When he realised David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) also knew about Leyla's drug problem but failed to tell him, this gave him more reason to avoid his wife. As Victoria arrived at the hospital, Leyla thought her husband was parking the car before coming to collect her to take her home. She misjudged the whole situation as Victoria explained Liam wasn't going to be coming to the hospital, meaning their marriage was on the line. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist Viewers of the show were furious with Liam for doing this to Leyla, with many stating how his wife had been by his side as he grieved his daughter. Fan of the weeknight serial drama Michelle wrote on Twitter: "Leyla helped Liam though so much. She needs her husband right now #Emmerdale." Domain Harry added on the social media platform: "Liam deserting my Leyla in her hour of need. What a scumbag #emmerdale." Shannon remarked: "Of all people, you'd think Liam would be the one to understand. Absolute child of a man #Emmerdale." Luna shared: "Leyla deserves better than Liam. I can't believe it's Victoria talking the most sense right now #emmerdale." However, there could be a twist in this storyline as Liam realises how much his wife needs him and he could step to the plate. With Leyla getting discharged from the hospital, she could return home and have a very honest conversation with her husband. As they contemplate the future of their marriage, they could decide a fresh start away from the village would be the perfect solution. They wouldn't have reminders of Leanna's death, they wouldn't be reminded of the heinous crimes Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) committed and they wouldn't be around the place Leyla developed her addiction. In fact, they would be away from all triggers which have caused them to have arguments and disagreements in the past. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] They could decide to move away around the same time Jacob goes off to university, meaning he would also be making an exit. Jacob would be leaving behind memories of the trauma inflicted upon him by Maya Stepney (Louisa Clein) and the place where his girlfriend Leanna died. For the family, it could be a fresh start all around, with Jacob making the occasional comeback to see his father, David. This could coincide with the show's 50th anniversary as three big exits could mark the beginning of the milestone occasion. The actor who plays Liam, Jonny, has spoken out in the past about how his character is haunted by the tragedy he has suffered in the village. Jonny said: "Liam has spent a good year or so trying to box up the fury, grief and anger and the existential feeling of 'why carry on'. "He’s managed to gather all that up, close the door, lock it and then once all of this transpires, it’s like a wardrobe that’s stuffed too full. "Everything has fallen out and completely submerged him again.’ "This is going to make it even more difficult than it already has been. It’s going to set him back quite a few steps." It might be easier for Liam to make the exit over his wife, Leyla, as she has been a staple piece of the weeknight serial drama for almost 15 years. As well as setting up a business, Take A Vow, in the village, she has also had several, memorable romances over the years. The one thing she could be thankful for is living in the Dales brought her and Liam together. Despite the turbulent start to their marriage, they could finally get their happy ever after and sail off into the sunset. They could even start a family of their own away from the village, but will viewers of the show miss the beloved couple? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.