David Celino, 16, died in the early hours of Sunday morning in hospital after falling ill at the popular festival. Although David's exact cause of death is yet to be confirmed, it is believed he had a particular type of ecstasy, described as a grey or black oblong tablet. His family has today paid tribute to the youngster. In a statement released via West Yorkshire Police (WYP), relatives said: "Our David was a beautiful, fiercely independent and warm character who lived every day at 110% and who loved to spend time enjoying music with his friends. "He had just received fabulous GCSE results, got into college, and had hoped to study computer science at a top university. Leeds Festival was the highlight of his summer; ultimately it was to take his life in the most unfair, cruel and horrible way, and we are broken." Police say the death was an "isolated incident" at the festival, Manchester Evening News reports. Assistant Chief Constable Catherine Hankinson, of West Yorkshire Police, said: “Our thoughts are with the family of the boy who has died, and we have officers supporting them at this very difficult time. While the exact cause of his death is yet to be established, one line of enquiry is that he had taken a particular type of ecstasy (MDMA) tablet, which was described as a grey or black oblong shape. "At this moment in time this is believed to be an isolated incident as we have not received any similar reports. Users of any drug which is not professionally prescribed can never be sure of their contents and the risks involved with taking the substance. Anyone who does feel ill after taking any substance should seek urgent medical attention. We are continuing to conduct enquiries on site and are liaising closely with the event organisers." Officers are supporting David's family as the investigation continues. Anyone who thinks they might be able to help police figure out what happened has been urged to contact them by calling 101 or using the LiveChat facility on the WYP website. 