Prince William and Kate Middleton got married in 2011 and have since welcomed three children. According to The Sun's former royal editor, Duncan Larcombe, the Cambridge's have been inspired by the "tight unit" of Kate's family and are "modelling" their own family on them. Mr Larcombe recently spoke on The Royal Beat about the Cambridge's family-of-five unit. The royal expert, who is also the author of Prince Harry: The Inside Story, said: "I think what we've seen for some time now is the model that William and Kate are essentially using, as a family, is the Middleton way. "It's that strong family, brothers, sisters, everyone." He added: "It's a tight unit." The couple welcomed their first child, Prince George, in July 2013. READ MORE: Prince William launches urgent plea after posting horror details of ranger 'assassination' Two years later, in 2015, Kate gave birth to their second child, and only daughter, Princess Charlotte. In 2018, their third child, and second son, Prince Louis was born. Prince William is reportedly close to Kate's family. Kate grew up with her mother, Carole Middleton, her father, Michael Middleton, and two siblings, Pippa and James. READ MORE: Prince Andrew and Fergie advised 'to do away with any controversy' in financial dispute During the early years of their relationship, Kate's younger sister Pippa would often join Kate to watch William play in charity polo matches. Three years after their royal wedding, in 2014, Pippa talked on the Today show about her relationship with her sister and brother-in-law. The 38-year-old said: "We're very close. And, you know, we support each other and get each other's opinions and things." Body language expert Judi James previously told Express.co.uk that Kate is "in tune" with her mother Carole when it comes to mirroring and mimicry signals. DON'T MISS During the early years of their relationship, Kate's younger sister Pippa would often join Kate to watch William play in charity polo matches. "Carole and Kate look like body language twins in many of their most recent poses together, so much so that it’s hard to see who is mimicking who. "They always gravitate to a state of physical closeness too, standing with their arms close or touching and their facial expressions suggesting delight in each other’s company." The Cambridge children have made a few public appearances lately. All three played a role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. Nine-year-old Prince George made his Wimbledon debut last month and, earlier this week, Princess Charlotte, 7, joined her parents at the Commonwealth Games. READ NEXT: