Andy Murray has suffered a blow in his attempts to be seeded for the US Open after crashing out at the Montreal Open. The former World No 1 was blown away by the impressive American Taylor Fritz in the first round of the competition and the defeat could impact his chances of being seeded at Flushing Meadows later this month. The American dominated the court as he brushed aside former British No 1 Murray 6-1, 6-3 to reach the second round of the National Bank Open, and the 23-year-old will meet his countryman Frances Tiafoe for a place in round three. Despite his resounding victory, Fritz was magnanimous towards Murray, 35, claiming it was an “honour” to face the three-time Major winner in their first head-to-head duel. "It’s an honour to be on the court with Andy,” Fritz said in his on-court interview. “Just to get the chance to play him, he’s been around, he’s been dominating since before I came on Tour and basically the whole time I’ve been on Tour, so it’s an honour just to play him.” READ MORE: Kyrgios and Murray in US Open danger with tough draw as Medvedev looms It marks another disappointing result for Murray, who was knocked out in the first round of the Citi Open in Washington DC after a gruelling defeat against Mikael Ymer, who eventually reached the final. And his successive first-round exits are likely to cost him dearly when it comes to his entry for the US Open, which takes place from August 29 in New York. Murray now looks set to enter the tournament in the main draw unseeded, meaning he could face one of the higher seeds in the opening rounds. Only players in the top 32 of the ATP World Rankings are seeded for the tournament. And while there is no guarantee that all 32 players will be present for the US Open, there are not expected to be more than two or three dropouts from the Grand Slam event. DON'T MISSMurray takes wildcard to next tournament as he aims for US Open seedMurray plans 'changes' as big struggle outlined after Citi Open lossMurray hits back at critics telling him to retire before US Open Murray is currently ranked 48th in the world and was 273 points behind 32nd-ranked Sebastian Baez before his defeat at the hands of Fritz. But it now seems likely the 2012 US Open winner will drop down the rankings rather than overtake his rivals and move closer towards the top 20. It leaves Murray with work to do in the build-up to his appearance at Flushing Meadows, where he hasn't got past the second round since his quarter-final appearance in 2016. Murray will take part in the Cincinnati Open next before heading to New York for the US Open and he will need to enjoy a storming tournament to stand any chance of making it into the seeds. His recent defeats have only increased the calls for Murray to retire from the game following his long battle to overcome a hip injury that forced him to have surgery with metal plates inserted into his hip. But the Scot has made an incredible comeback to revive his career and revealed that, as long as he still has a burning passion for the game that he has played professionally since 2005, he will keep going. "There's a lot of people that feel like maybe I shouldn't be playing," he told the Washington Post. "But I love tennis, and I love competing. And I feel like I can get better than where I am today. “If I reach that point where I don't feel like I can improve or that things are maybe going backward, then that would maybe change where I'm at. I love this sport. That's essentially why I am back and why I wanted to keep going: because I love the sport."