In recent scenes, Coronation Street viewers have watched poor Faye (played by Ellie Leach) try to come to terms with the fact she is going through the menopause at 20 years old. Faye isn't sure how to deal with the news, and her boyfriend Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) seems to be making matters worse. Speaking about her storyline on Jeremy Vine on 5, Ellie admitted it has been very "challenging" for her as an actress. When asked what it was like filming the heartbreaking scenes with Craig, the actress began: "I do really love being able to kind of play something completely different. "Obviously, it's not nice because I don't like being horrible to Colson. But obviously, we know he's not real." She continued: "I think it's the mood swings, like going from zero to 100 so quickly.  READ MOE: Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement "It is challenging because it's not really something that I experience in my day-to-day life. "It's really good and obviously, it's good to show how it affects relationships as well because I don't think that's really spoken about much." Things between the couple came to a head earlier this week when Craig told Faye he would move back to his mum's to give his girlfriend some space. "Are you hungry because I could get a takeaway?" Craig asked. "I couldn't eat a thing," Faye hit back before adding: "I've got a knot in my stomach." "That's probably a symptom," the policeman replied calmly. Faye sighed as Craig asked: "I do your head in, don't I?" As Faye poured herself a drink, she snapped: "I swear if you start lecturing me." DON'T MISS...Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ real reason Spider returned [REACTION]Jane McDonald opens up on 'personal journey' in family admission [VIDEO] "I haven't said a word," he explained. "Shall I move back in with my mum for a bit?" "Do you want to?" Faye asked as Craig told her: "If you want me to." Clearly fed up with the situation, Faye concluded: "I'll just do me, and you just do you. "If you want to move back home do, if you don't, don't." The soap star also recently opened up about her latest health storyline during an appearance on Loose Women. "Yeah, yeah definitely not," Faye told Kaye Adams when asked whether she expected to be involved in a storyline like this. "But obviously it's always good to be able to tell a story, whatever you get. "So yeah, I was shocked because I didn't really realise that it happened to women so young. "But I think that's why it's good because not a lot of people know about it, so it's good to be able to show that this happens and make sure everyone knows about it." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.