Putin is considering using nuclear weapons in Ukraine as military chiefs have told him he has run out of options, the General SVR Telegram channel, which opposes the Russian government, has claimed. In the Russian President’s recent talks with security and defence aides “various options were discussed,” including the “possibility of mobilising and using tactical nuclear weapons”, according to the channel. The nuclear warning comes as Putin continues to face major difficulties in the Ukraine war, which has seen 44,000 Russian casualties so far, according to Kyiv. Against the backdrop of the invasion, a US military expert has warned that Putin might also unleash nuclear warfare in a potential conflict with China. Dr John Callahan is a former diplomat and State Department spokesperson, who now works as a military adviser and a dean at New England College in the US. Speaking to Express.co.uk about how Russia and China matched-up in terms of military strength, he said: “I think Russia wouldn't stand a chance against China without using nuclear weapons. “Especially in the area where they would fight, which would be Siberia. Russia has very limited ability. “Let's say the Chinese invaded Siberia right now. There's a fair chance that the Russians would just turn the keys and launch the nukes. JUST IN: Putin warned by former KGB spy that launching nuke will 'be his death sentence'- EXCLUSIVE “Because they would have to completely disengage from Ukraine, and somehow, on their creaky pathetic logistics system, get their forces halfway around the world to fight the Chinese.” Putin has maintained Russia’s nuclear threat since he launched the invasion of Ukraine on February 24. The Kremlin strongman put his nation’s nuclear forces on “high alert” just days into the conflict. Nukes have not been fired in the war, and nuclear weapons have only ever been used twice in warfare, in the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. But in recent days, Moscow’s threats to return the world to the spectre of nuclear warfare have continued. One of the latest warnings came from Kremlin propagandist Vladimir Solovyov on Russian state TV last week. Speaking about potential invasions of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, he issued a chilling warning. He said: “OK, we are going to send in our troops to defend the Russian-speaking population. Will the NATO countries jump in?” He also asked if the West was “ready to burn from the strikes of our missiles, and if necessary, from our tactical nuclear weapons”. If Russia did resort to nuclear war, it is able to rely on the largest nuclear stockpile in the world. DON'T MISSPutin health shock as unearthed document details brain 'abnormality' [INSIGHT]Putin piles PRESSURE on Europe after gas pipeline shut [ANALYSIS]Ukraine blasts Russian military targets in push to retake Crimea [INSIGHT] It maintains an estimated 6,257 total warheads, according to data from Statista and the Federation of American Scientists. This gives Russia the edge over the US, which has 5,600 warheads, and dwarfs China’s total of 350. However, a Russia-China war remains unlikely after Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping declared the “no limits” friendship between their nations ahead of the invasion of Ukraine. With Russia unable to compete with China militarily, Dr Callahan claimed that the US is the only nation that would be a match for Beijing on the battlefield. He said: “The Americans absolutely are more capable and could defeat China if the full power of the US armed forces was actually in the Pacific and actually fighting them where they are. “The problem is, they would get some early licks in because the US is spread all over the world. “So, full capability, it would be a bloodbath, but we would win. “But in the short term, the Chinese probably could achieve limited objectives simply because all of our forces aren’t there.”