The Duchess of Sussex sat down with singer Mariah Carey for the second episode of Archetypes. And Buckingham Palace is likely bracing for further bombshells and swipes from Meghan after she seemingly criticised the Firm in the first episode of her podcast series released last week and further opened up on her strained relationship with the Firm in a new interview. During Archetypes' first episode, the Duchess spoke with tennis star Serena Williams. The pair, who bonded in 2014, discussed the word ambition and how it can get a negative connotation when referred to women. During the almost hour-long programme, Meghan said she never saw being ambitious as a negative thing until she started dating her now husband Prince Harry. She also seemingly criticised the Palace for wanting her to carry on with engagements on the first day of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's royal tour to South Africa in 2019 after being told there had been a fire in the nursery where her son Archie, who was unharmed, was meant to be taking a nap. In the lengthy interview with The Cut magazine published on Monday, both Meghan and Harry hit out at the Firm as well as the British media. The Duchess argued that, had she stayed in England and given Archie a British education, every school run would have turned into a royal photoshoot with dozens of photographers waiting outside the gates. This claim was disputed by members of the British press including the Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer, who noted on Twitter: "I’m afraid Meghan is a fantasist if she believes this would be a daily occurrence in the UK, where the @ipsonews code has strict rules about the treatment of children in education." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry plan on 'competing with Cambridge's' Meghan also said it was "bittersweet" to know things didn't have to "be this way", referring to the Sussexes' fallout with the Firm. Moreover, she spoke of the moment she and Harry decided to leave the institution. After recalling some of the terms of Meghan and Harry's proposal to the Firm of a half-in, half-out solution, which was made public in January 2020, the article also said the couple thought it would have also been best to leave the UK and being part-time working royals based in another Commonwealth nation. Meghan said: "Anything to just … because just by existing, we were upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy. "So we go, ‘Okay, fine, let’s get out of here. Happy to'." In a dig at the Firm, the Duchess also said with their proposal, she and Harry weren't trying to "reinvent the wheel", claiming other royals have struck arrangements with the institution. She continued: "That, for whatever reason, is not something that we were allowed to do, even though several other members of the family do that exact thing." The article also mentioned Archetypes and some of the guests people can look forward to listening to - Constance Wu, Issa Rae, Lisa Ling, and Margaret Cho. Meghan and Prince Harry announced to have signed a multi-year deal with Spotify in December 2020. According to a statement released at the time by the company, this collaboration with the audio streaming giant aims at producing "programming that uplifts and entertains audiences around the world". Meghan and Harry also said in 2020: "What we love about podcasting is that it reminds us all to take a moment and to really listen, to connect to one another without distraction. "With the challenges of 2020, there has never been a more important time to do so, because when we hear each other, and hear each other’s stories, we are reminded of how interconnected we all are." Prior to the release of the first episode of Archetypes on August 23, Meghan and Harry had only produced a holiday special episode, published shortly after the deal had been made public. Archetypes, first announced in March, analyses the labels that try to hold women back. Meghan investigates words and slurs and how they may affect women by chatting to A-lister guests as well as experts. The programme will count a total of 12 episodes, released weekly.