Meghan Markle is no longer a senior royal and has a lot more freedom with what she wears. However, when she was first pictured with the Prince in 2017, her choice of outfit was startling for some. Prince Harry and Meghan stepped out at the Invictus Games on September 25, 2017 in Toronto. The then-actress wore a pair of ripped denim jeans and a casual white shirt. Ripped jeans are often thought to "break" royal style rules. These were reportedly the MOTHER Looker ankle fray jeans in the Love Gun style. Unfortunately the jeans are not currently available, however other MOTHER jeans are available from Nordstrom. READ MORE: 'They both look great' Princess Mary and 15-year-old daughter step ... Relatively affordable, the current stock is priced between £83.36 (sale item) and £199.65. Her white boyfriend-style shirt appears to be by Misha Nonoo. This was the shirt that inspired Misha's work for Meghan's The Smart Set capsule. As for accessories, she went for a pretty minimalistic vibe, with sunnies and a bracelet. Her sunglasses had tortoiseshell frames in red and yellow, while her bracelet was a dainty silver piece. She wore her long, dark hair down, appearing not to have styled it but rather gone natural. Her ears were bare with no statement earrings or even little studs. As for her nail polish, this was in keeping with royal protocol, with Meghan opting for a very pale colour. It was not too dissimilar to the Queen's favourite nail polish, Essie's Ballet Slippers. Indeed, Daena Borrowman from jewellerybox stated: "Royal women have favoured nude shades of nail paint over bright or dark nail paint. Sheer whites and light pinks have been long favoured." READ MORE: Queen Letizia wears same dress as 16-year-old daughter - pictures However, the focus of the now Duchess' outfit was definitely the rip in her jeans on one knee. Although there does not appear to be a written rule that ripped jeans are prohibited, they are certainly a staple of a royal wardrobe. While Kate Middleton has frequently been spotted in skinny jeans, these are fully intact and do not boast any fashion-forward rips. Naturally, royal fans took to social media to discuss Prince Harry's then girlfriend's fashion statement. @2jesussurrender took to Twitter to condemn the choice: "I remember the first time I saw a photo of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at an event together and she was wearing ripped jeans. "I immediately thought how inappropriate they were while being with a member of the RF. Horrible!" Conversely, @dan_allegretto tweeted a picture with his friend who appeared to have visited from the USA. He captioned the photo: "Steven came all the way across the pond to tell us to stop bullying Meghan Markle for wearing ripped jeans." In 2021, after Meghan had officially stepped down as a senior royal, @duchessmeg2 tweeted: "Meghan Markle can wear what she wants, when she wants. Ripped jeans? YES. Expensive Jewellery? DO IT. Colours? YES MA'AM. The days of being restricted is over." @heythererobyn sees Meghan Markle's look as style inspiration: "Anytime I wear a button down shirt and ripped jeans combo I think to myself, 'Am I channeling my inner Meghan Markle today?'."