Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is reportedly prepared to give manager Thomas Tuchel what he wants before the summer transfer window slams shut on Thursday. And that means he would be willing to stump up the cash to sign Neymar after the Brazilian superstar was offered to the Blues by Paris Saint-Germain. Chelsea have faltered during the early stages of the new campaign and suffered a 2-1 reverse at the hands of Southampton on Tuesday night. That result came just nine days after the Blues were thrashed 3-0 by Leeds at Elland Road. And ahead of Wednesday’s Premier League matches, Chelsea had fallen to eighth in the table. Tuchel will be well aware that his team need to improve if they have any intentions of competing for silverware this season. And the addition of Neymar could provide them with the attacking impetus they need to launch an assault on the Premier League title. According to the Daily Mail, PSG are open to selling Neymar before the transfer deadline passes. And Chelsea have been approached about signing him. But it could prove difficult to get a deal over the line as the west London giants would have to splash out a whopping transfer fee and enormous wages to entice hum to the club. And they are pursuing other options anyway. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel    PSG are desperate to offload players this summer as they don’t want to risk falling foul of UEFA’s Financial Fair Play regulations in the future. And they could also consider sanctioning a move for Lionel Messi after handing Kylian Mbappe a new contract worth £650,000 a week earlier this year. Neymar suffered a miserable campaign last time around and was slammed for his under par Champions League performances as PSG crashed out to eventual champions Real Madrid in the last 16. But the Brazil international, who has racked up an incredible 74 goals for his country, has started the new campaign in fine form and has already bagged six goals and six assists in the opening four league games. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes  Neymar currently wants to remain at the Parc des Princes alongside Messi. So Chelsea could face a battle to land him if Tuchel does decide he fits the bill. Boehly has already put his hand in his pocket to sign Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cucurella, Wesley Fofana, Carney Chukwuemeka and Gabriel Slonina since completing his takeover. And if Chelsea are to bring in another striker, it appears that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the most likely option, with the Blues still in discussions with Barcelona over a transfer.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here