Friends want to have fun; you want a break. Those around you might have all the energy and enthusiasm needed for a night out on the town, but this isn’t your idea of pleasure at the moment. A cosy evening curled up in your favourite chair would suit you better. Early on, your priority will be to fix problems made by other people. Someone will tell you that they can manage on their own, but you think and know otherwise. Once the serious concerns of the day are over, you will be able to look forward to some peaceful hours of relaxation. Even if it wasn’t planned, the offer of a change of scene could be just what you need to break your regular routine. In addition to needing something new and different to do, you could do with getting some time away from a friend or relative who is sticking to you like glue.  Money gain will come courtesy of a small win, an increase in earnings or a legacy. Whatever the circumstances, it will feel good to have money in your pockets and the chance to splash out, if you so desire, without worrying about whether or not you can really afford it. You have the energy and stamina to complete all you have taken on. Your main goals will in some way be linked with your career or a voluntary project. There will be a lot of work involved and the incentive is that soon plans and hopes will be turned into reality. There are some issues and concerns that are going round in circles in your head. Even when you wish you could stop thinking about them, you just can’t. Although an older relative would like to talk to you, it is mainly private matters that will get your priority.  An environmental or charitable cause will get your wholehearted support. Discussions going on behind closed doors revolve around changes other people are hoping to make. You will act on these only when you are satisfied they are likely to be for the best interest of all concerned. A senior colleague is trying to encourage you to do some extra training or learning in order to help bring benefits into your career environment. They aren’t doubting your ability to do your job. They see your potential and know you are capable of much more. A restless need for something different will prompt you to think about the future. A change of job, new home or travel are all possibilities. It is spiritual and educational growth that is more likely now when you love to learn and there are so many opportunities for you to do so.  A youngster needs help with a creative challenge and you will have a good suggestion on how to make it unique and interesting. Changes are ahead and this will involve making new financial or legal arrangements connected with your home and family. There is a sense of anticipation in the air. As far as you are concerned, new rules and regulations aren’t working. Challenging the authority or ability of established members of a team is not a good way to show your disapproval. Instead, ask whether there is a dedicated appeals process and follow it. It’s not easy to get other people to listen to you when your boss or someone in a position of power id determined that they should be the only one to call the tune. You will have no choice but to go along with their ideas. This evening, mix with people you can relax with. Go partying or clubbing. 