Manchester United have reportedly offered Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot a yearly salary of around £6million to come to Old Trafford. The wage is believed to be lower than that of former Ajax stars Donny van de Beek and Lisandro Martinez and as such the player’s agent, his mother Veronique, is holding out for a higher fee. United have had a bid of around £15m accepted for the player with Juventus desperate to get rid of their underperforming star before his contract expires in 2023. The club are now locked in talks with Veronique, however, she has a reputation for being a fearsome negotiator making it more difficult for the Red Devils to come to an agreement. Rabiot has endured an unsuccessful stint at the Old Lady since signing from PSG in 2019. The France international has made 129 appearances - but has scored just six times and contributed a further six assists. It has now come to light how much United would like to offer the player with La Gazzetta dello Sport reporting that an annual wage of £6m has been put on the table. The figure would match what the French international currently earns at Juventus but Veronique is holding out for more. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag The sum would put Rabiot behind the likes of Van de Beek, Martinez and Victor Lindelof in the club’s pay hierarchy according to the website spotrac and as such the player’s agent believes she has reasonable grounds to ask for more. Van de Beek, Martinez and Victor Lindelof are claimed to earn just over £6.2m a year. Unsurprisingly, Cristiano Ronaldo is the highest earner at the club followed by David de Gea, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane. Rabiot, meanwhile, has been slammed by former West Ham and Celtic striker Paolo Di Canio who labelled the Frenchman as a ‘footballing giraffe.’ “He is one that cannot be seen on the pitch. He is 1.91m and loses the challenges with players of 1.28m,” the 54-year-old told Italian TV. READ MOREMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag “He plays as an offensive midfielder, because he is one with technical qualities, elegant but he never shoots; he does not make a quick vertical assist on his teammate; he does not have to decide on crosses and does not fill the penalty area. You say, 'Are you talking about someone who can't play football?'” Should Rabiot arrive in Manchester he would become the club’s fourth signing of the season, following Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen through the doors of Old Trafford.