The Duke of Cornwall is reportedly demonstrating his growing influence in the Royal Family by spending even more time at the Queen's Norfolk estate. Sandringham, which has hosted many of the Firm's Christmases, has been considered a special place for the Royal Family. It was purchased by Queen Victoria in 1862 and was even the location in which George VI died. However, according to MailOnline, the Prince of Wales has now established himself as Sandringham's steward. The Queen also appears to have taken a backward step after it was revealed the 96-year-old monarch, who has faced mobility problems in recent months, prefers to spend her time at the nearby Wood Farm. Despite the change, MailOnline has claimed Charles remains respectful and mindful that Sandringham is his mother's home. JUST IN: Queen to interrupt stay at beloved Balmoral to meet new Prime Minister in September A royal source said there had been a "real zeal applied" to the Norfolk estate, with Charles "at the forefront" of the plans. A separate source added: "The Prince is very respectful that it is his mother's private residence and very much the Queen's home." However, the source also claimed the Duke was "excited about the plans". Even the gardens at Sandringham, which are under renovation, indicate a link to Charles. READ MORE: 'Very difficult!' Queen faced struggles blending Crown and family without 'role models' Renovation plans remain committed to protecting rare and native plants, an important issue to the heir apparent. Sandringham's wider grounds are also set to become a sanctuary for wildlife such as the curlew, which is a bird much loved by the Prince of Wales. The Duke's influence can also be seen in Sandringham's gift shop which sells similar goods to those sold at Highgrove. Products include Sandringham-branded goods, which range from bottles of Sandringham beer and gin to lip balm. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' eventMeghan and Harry snubbed at Commonwealth event as Duke 'fought tears'Meghan and Harry plotting to hit back at 'heavily biased' attack The estate's restaurant has also had a revamp as the menu now focuses on more local and seasonal produce. A source said: "Wherever you look now at Sandringham, it's very much about Charles's ethos."