Conservative MP and Rishi Sunak supporter David Davis said the UK is now “paying the consequences” of the bad diplomatic decisions that David Cameron made during his mandate. He added Mr Cameron made the UK look “weak” and warned “if we are the weak kid in the playground, we’ll get picked on”. Mr Davis told Sky News: “I think David Cameron and George Osbourne went too far with two things, with China partially because they got sort of punished for seeing Dalai Lama, and with Putin. “With China partially because they got sort of punished for seeing Dalai Lama. “And with Putin, after Litvinenko killing, Putin was then taken to watch judo by David Cameron at the Olympics. “I mean both were bad decisions." He continued: “We now pay the consequences because the other side thinks we’re weak. “If we keep telegraphing, we’re weak. “What do the bullies do? They pick on the weak kid in the playground and if we are the weakened in the playground then we’ll picked off”. Alexander Litvinenko was a former KGB officer who because a British citizen and outspoken critic of Vladimir Putin. READ MORE: GB News: SNP 'in intensive care' over independence bid Mr Litvinenko was poisoned with a radioactive substance at an hotel in London. There he was supposed to meet Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi, former KGB officers suspect in the murder of Mr Litvinenko. During 2012 Olympics Games in London, Vladimir Putin was accompanied by David Cameron to watch Olympic judo. Mr Davis comments came as US Speaker Nancy Pelosi landed in Taipei yesterday evening to meet Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen and confirm US commitment to Taiwan. DON'T MISS: Tory leadership chaos as security alert delays vote [WATCH]Chinese military exercises invade Taiwan [LISTEN]Putin top mercenary KILLED: Wagner thug who 'adored mortars' wiped out [INSIGHT] In a joint statement with Taiwan's President, Ms Pelosi said: “Forty-three years ago, America made a promise to always stand with Taiwan. “Today our delegation came to Taiwan to make it unequivocally clear we will not abandon our commitment to Taiwan”. The visit has been strongly condemned by China, who had earlier warned that the US would “pay the price” for the US Congresswoman's coming to Taipei. Referring to China, Ms Pelosi stressed that Taiwan was “facing deliberately heightened military threats” adding that it “would not back down and that Taiwan will do whatever it takes to strengthen its self-defence capabilities”. READ NEXT: Pelosi praises Taiwan as ‘one of the freest societies’Russian military positions obliterated by Ukrainian forces - VIDEOPutin 'eating handily' into Moscow reserves as Russia on brinkChina's aggression against Taiwan risks war in Asia: 'Pick a side!'Huge plume of smoke rises near shopping centre as blaze rages