Charles Leclerc has been unable to fight for the championship due to problems “out of his control” according to former Sauber F1 star Marcus Ericsson. The Swedish driver claims he and Ferrari have suffered a “lot of issues” this year which has affected the Monegasque's title challenge. Ferrari has suffered mechanical failures and made bad strategy calls which have cost the team vital points. However, this has caused Leclerc to push “a bit too hard” in races which have led to his own errors. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “I think that he’s been fast this year, but it’s just been a lot of issues. He’s very frustrated. What happened in Paul Ricard, one of the reasons why it happened is because Charles wants to win races, he wants to get back in the championship hunt and it just has not been the case. “Then he’s pushing, maybe a bit too hard so it’s not ideal. It will be tough for Charles because he’ll feel he has had the opportunity to really fight for a championship this year and he hasn’t because quite a few things are out of his control.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen told factor which gives him Charles Leclerc edge Leclerc took the advantage into the season after picking up wins in two of the first three races. However, since April he has only managed to score one victory after a series of major mistakes ruined his chances. He suffered mechanical issues at the Spanish and Azerbaijan Grand Prix which forced him out despite looking capable of challenging for wins. Ferrari’s strategy errors in Monaco, Britain and Hungary also cost the 24-year-old a chance to secure at least a podium. However, his own errors have been the hardest for Leclerc to accept after throwing away a likely 32 points. DON'T MISSVerstappen explains why he prefers fighting Leclerc than Hamilton [INSIGHT]Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto speaks out as sack calls intensify  [ANALYSIS]Ex-Ferrari boss reveals difference between Leclerc and Schumacher [COMMENT] He dropped seven points after spinning out in the closing stages of the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix and lost 25 after crashing out in France. After the race in Paul Ricard, Leclerc commented: “I’m losing too many points, I think seven in Imola, 25 here because honestly we were the strongest car on track today. “So yes, if we lose the championship by 32 points at the end of the season, I will know from where they are coming from. And it’s unacceptable, I just need to get on top of those things.”