The news comes as the Russian invasion of Ukraine enters its 168th day, with little progress being made by Putin’s forces, with one report suggesting as little as 3km has been gained in the last 30 days. Aside from the clear stagnation in Russian advances, Putin has lost over 42,800 troops since the start of the war, and has resorted to desperate measures to fill the void, including recruiting prisoners into the shady Wagner Group to help on the front line.  The latest British Ministry of Defence (MoD) intelligence report paints yet another damning picture for the Kremlin, suggesting Putin’s struggles to fortify his front line are failing once again. Taking to Twitter to reveal the latest news, the MoD said: “Russian commanders highly likely continue to be faced with the competing operational priorities of reinforcing the Donbas offensive and strengthening defences against anticipated Ukrainian counter attacks in the south. “To support the Ukraine operation, Russia has almost certainly established a major new ground forces formation, 3rd Army Corps (3 AC), based out of Mulino, in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast east of Moscow. “Russia likely plans to resource a large proportion of 3 AC from newly formed ‘volunteer’ battalions, which are being raised across the country, and which group together recruits from the same areas. “Russian regional politicians have confirmed that potential 3 AC recruits are being offered lucrative cash bonuses once they deploy to Ukraine.”  However, it seems that in spite of the cash bonuses being offered, the notion of facing Ukrainian defences which have already devastated so many Russian troops and military equipment does not seem to have the appeal it wants to achieve. The MoD continued: “Recruitment is open to men up to 50 years old and with only middle-school education. “A Russian army corps typically consists of 15-20,000 troops, but it will probably be difficult for Russia to bring 3 AC up to this strength, given very limited levels of popular enthusiasm for volunteering for combat in Ukraine.“3 AC’s effect is unlikely to be decisive to the campaign.”  READ MORE:Russia threatens to unleash nukes on UK and US Putin has vowed to liberate eastern Ukraine from “Nazi” influence in his so-called “special operation” which has so far failed to achieve its goals. Currently, Russian troops are holed up in a nuclear power station in Zaporizhzhia and are said to be using the highly sensitive site as a shield against Ukrainian attack. According to a report by Interfax, Russia is seeking to connect the power supply from Zaporizhzhia to the already annexed peninsula of Crimea.  DON'T MISS:Nuclear horror: Timeline set for Russia to 'launch strike' [REVEAL]Russia fails to make gains in Ukraine [REPORT]Putin ICBM carrier ploughs into vehicle in horror crash [INSIGHT] Energoatom president Petro Kotin told Reuters: “Their plan is to damage all the lines from the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. “After that, it will not be connected to the Ukrainian power system. “The Russian military presence at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant is implementing the program of Rosatom aimed at connecting the plant to the Crimean electricity grid. “To do this, you must first damage the power lines of the plant connected to the Ukrainian energy system. “From August 7 to 9, the Russians have already damaged three power lines.“At the moment, the plant is operating with only one production line, which is an extremely dangerous way of working. “When the last production line is disconnected, the plant will be powered by generators running on diesel. “Everything will then depend on their reliability and fuel stocks.”  Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story Many have condemned Russia for allowing troops to occupy the huge power station over fears any damage to the site could result in a catastrophic nuclear accident. Mr Kotin compared the potential situation to the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan. He said: “If there is no connection to the grid, then you cannot provide electricity from the outside, then the diesel generators will start. “But everything will depend on the reliability of those generators. “This is a dangerous situation, because if those stop you could have a disaster of melting nuclear materials.”  Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Security News