Ahead of Call the Midwife's next series, Fred Buckle star Cliff, 62, has joined the famous kitchen to show off his cooking skills on BBC's Celebrity MasterChef. Talking about taking on the high-pressure challenge of joining the popular series, the former EastEnders star admitted he is taking part in an attempt to gain his wife's trust when it comes to cooking. When asked about his reasons for joining the competition, he replied: "A few reasons really. "I’d like to do a bit more cooking, and I’d like my wife to trust me in the kitchen a little bit more. "So, to gain her trust so that I can cook a bit more, I thought I’d come and do this show. "The other thing is I love the show! I’ve watched it on television for years. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation "It’s an iconic show, and I just felt brave enough to have a stab at it this year. So that’s why I’m here - I’m hoping to improve my cooking." Cliff has been married to Tara Wyer since 2010, and it turns out she was his main motivation for joining the series. He didn't make the decision to sign up lightly, as he confessed he was "surprisingly nervous" about starting. "I thought I’d be alright but it’s quite nerve-wracking because you walk in, it’s an unknown space and you’ve got these two masters - gurus of food - who own the place, so you’re really on their territory," he explained. "It takes a while for the kitchen to become your own, and you don’t know what you’re going to get. "So that’s quite nerve-wracking, what you’re going to end up cooking and whether or not you’re confident in doing that." Cliff's Call the Midwife character Fred has remained a favourite since the series began in 2012. He recently explained how "lucky" he felt to have landed the role. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Billy in Walford exit after Honey rejection [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Manpreet Sharma to frame Naomi for Charles' death [THEORY]A Place in the Sun viewers blast repeat episode 'Seen this' [REACTION] He told Kym Marsh on BBC's Morning Live: "We're on episode four of the new series. "And the scripts are amazing, as always from Heidi Thomas. "We love working on her scripts, and I'm very, very lucky to be working with such a talented, beautiful and wonderful bunch of people." Cliff also explained his own personal connection to midwifery. "Isn't your daughter training to be a midwife at the moment?" host Gethin Jones asked. "She is indeed," confirmed Cliff, adding: "I'm very, very proud of her." He added: "My daughter set up a baby boutique thing in hospitals, taking stuff to young women that didn't have any money. "So she started off doing that, she set up this whole charity thing, which went brilliantly. "And then other people in the hospital said, 'Look, why don't you get involved and become a midwife?' "So now she's doing it and I'm very, very proud of her, she's doing really well." Celebrity MasterChef continues on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.