Manchester United could sign Mauro Icardi before the transfer window slams shut on September 1. The Red Devils previously turned down a swap deal involving the Argentina international in 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. Yet a potential move to Old Trafford is a possibility again, especially given their need for attacking reinforcements. Manchester United are short on firepower at present. Cristiano Ronaldo still looks short on match fitness after returning to pre-season later than his team-mates due to a personal matter, with the veteran a flat figure in their 4-0 defeat to Brentford on Saturday. United have also lost Edinson Cavani on a free transfer, while Mason Greenwood remains unavailable having last featured for the club in January. In recent days, Icardi has emerged as a potential target. United have been offered the chance to sign the hitman at a time where Paris Saint-Germain are determined to cut the player loose. And that’s three years after ESPN claimed the Red Devils had been offered Icardi as part of a swap deal involving Romelu Lukaku. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Inter Milan, that year, were eager to land Lukaku after he’d fallen down Solskjaer’s pecking order. And with United demanding big money to let the Belgium international go, their Serie A counterparts proposed a swap in order to save themselves from having to spend lavishly. Inter also offered the Red Devils the chance to sign Radja Nainggolan, who had previously been on Jose Mourinho’s radar. Yet United didn’t take up the Italian side on their offer in the end. Lukaku would get his wish, moving to Inter for a fee of £74m after two inconsistent years at Old Trafford. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already And, with Icardi, it’s possible United will now finally bring him to Old Trafford. While he’s had some controversies of the course of his career, the 29-year-old has managed to score goals aplenty after years of playing at the highest level. He netted 11 goals from 33 matches for Sampdoria before moving to Inter Milan back in the summer transfer window of 2013. Icardi was a huge hit at the San Siro, bagging 134 goals from 219 appearances for the club. And the Argentine has netted 38 goals in 92 matches during his three years at PSG, despite not always being a regular starter. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Icardi isn’t the only player on United’s radar at present. They’re keen on adding two midfielders to their squad, particularly with the club yet to replace Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. Juventus star Adrien Rabiot is a top target for Erik ten Hag, with talks with the midfielder’s camp already held via John Murtough. They’re also continuing to covet Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong, despite the midfielder’s preference to remain in Catalonia. And United have also been offered Alvaro Morata and Raul De Tomas, with the striker’s futures at Atletico Madrid and Espanyol up in the air. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Meanwhile, Stuttgart striker Sasa Kalajdzic has also emerged as a potential option amid the forward’s desire to pursue a new challenge. But Ralf Rangnick recently warned the Austria international to stay put. He said: “It is important that Saša remains injury-free this season and trains and plays at the highest possible level. “If he stays in Stuttgart this season, it will not be detrimental to his development.” United are next in action against Liverpool next Monday, with the Red Devils hopeful of avoiding a repeat of the 5-0 defeat they suffered to their fierce rivals in the same fixture at Old Trafford last season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here