Energy bills have been at the forefront of Britons' minds for the majority of 2022, and look set to remain there for the foreseeable future after Ofgem yesterday announced the price cap would hit £3,549 per year for dual fuel for an average household from October. According to predictions from Cornwall Insight, the price cap for January is set to reach £4,200. People across the UK are looking for ways to reduce their energy spending as an analysis of Google trends data, by insurance experts A-Plan Insurance, found that searches for “home solar panels” exploded 316 percent above the average volume of searches in May. However, the UK’s interest in solar panels is not new as there has been an interest in the renewable source of energy in recent years. A Government report from 2020 stated there were nearly one million solar panels installed in domestic homes in the UK. Gabriel Wondrausch, director of Devon-based SunGift Solar said: “With the cost of energy steadily rising, taking back control of your energy is more important than ever and solar power is one of the only ways you can do this.” In a nutshell, solar panels consist of cells made from layers of semi-conducting material, and when light shines on this material a flow of electricity is created. READ MORE: Mum fears she has no time left to save in pension: How to boost savings in a 'short-time'    The cells don’t need direct sunlight to work and can even work on cloudy days. However, the stronger the sunshine, the more electricity generated. They are usually placed on top of buildings or in wide unshaded areas such as fields. If someone is thinking of getting solar panels installed in their home, Mr Wondrausch recommends that people first “take stock” of their consumption and waste so they are able to make the right decision of what type of solar panel is best for them as the upfront costs are considerably high. Mr Wondrausch said: “A typical PV array will cost between £5,000 and £7,000 once fully installed, however these costs will naturally vary depending on the roof-type and the quality of equipment used. “That being said, if you use a long-term battery system such as a TESLA Powerwall or Huawei, your battery will set you back between £4,500 and £9,000 excluding VAT.” Mr Wondrausch explained that the long term benefits of installing solar panels “speaks for itself”. Using one of SunGift Solar's recent 4.7kW systems with no battery storage, people could see a total profit of £25,048.85 profit over 25 years, around £1,001 a year, which is a 13 percent return on the initial investment.   This is calculated by subtracting the total cost of the system from the total income from the solar PV. SunGift Solar states this is all taking into account the average price of domestic electricity being at 25 pence per kWh and price inflation being at five percent. According to the Energy Saving Trust, a typical household with a 4.2kW system can knock between £165 and £405 each year off bills at current energy prices. Mr Wondrausch added: “You can also get paid for excess energy that you export back to the grid! “The Smart Energy Guarantee Scheme Export Tariff Rate in this instance is at 7.50 pence per kWh. With this particular system, it is estimated that 50 percent of the electricity generated would be exported back to the grid.” The Energy Saving Trust estimated a typical household could make between £80 and £110 a year, based on a rate of 3.99p per kW, by selling back to the grid. READ MORE: Thousands of unpaid carers could be missing out on £279 each month - are you eligible?  Mr Wondrausch highlighted that how much energy is used and how much people can save does depend on the electrical demand for the home. He recommended that if someone was working a nine to five hours, then they would likely want battery storage to “truly reap the benefits” of their system, which is an additional cost to keep in mind. He added: “With a battery, you can also take advantage of the time of use tariff which allows you to charge up from the grid using off-peak electricity during the night. This can lead to substantial savings”. Many are likely to be considering solar panels as weather experts have claimed that the UK is to experience even hotter, with heat reaching up to and in some instances beyond 40 degrees, and sunnier weather going forward.     Mr Wondrausch said: “While it is often assumed that hotter days make solar panels overheat and run poorly, these conditions actually provide more hours of generation and therefore more kWhs. This offsets drops in efficiency because of excessive heat, due to the length of sunshine provided.” Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced in his Spring Statement that VAT paid on the installation of energy-saving products in a person’s home had been slashed from five percent to zero until March 2027. According to Mr Sunak, the move would allow Britons to see tax savings worth over £1,000. Mr Wondrausch said: “In short, I would say anyone using electricity would benefit from a solar panel. “The panel needs to be sized appropriately to the onsite usage and a reputable solar company, taking these factors into consideration, should be able to advise homeowners on the right system for their property. It is definitely always worth getting multiple quotes and opinions.”   