Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is at loggerheads with his agent when it comes to his future, according to reports. The midfielder is wanted by Manchester United, with Erik ten Hag making the 25-year-old his priority target. But Chelsea are reportedly willing to match the Red Devils’ £63million bid to ensure they win the race for the player’s signature. Manchester United have spent a quarter of a year chasing De Jong, with Ten Hag hopeful of securing a reunion with his former Ajax midfielder. Yet Sport say De Jong is at loggerheads with his agent when it comes to potentially leaving Barcelona behind. It’s claimed he isn’t against staying at the Nou Camp, even on a reduced salary, because he believes the La Liga giants have the right sporting project in place to succeed. But his agent is said to think otherwise and believes the 25-year-old would be better off leaving the club as a result of his deferred wages situation. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, the Netherlands international agreed to a temporary deduction in pay to help Barcelona’s financial situation. That means his current employers now owe him between £14million and £17m in unpaid wages, though that hasn’t stopped them from spending big on the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde and Raphinha. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And the report says De Jong’s situation come soon become clearer in the next few days. His representatives have been talking to Barcelona about the midfielder’s future and whether or not he will be part of the squad that will aim to wrestle back the La Liga title from Real Madrid. And, to throw a spanner into the works, Chelsea are now supposedly ready to match United’s bid for the player. The Red Devils have agreed to pay an initial £63m to Barcelona, with that fee set to rise to £72m. That would make De Jong the fifth most-expensive signing in United’s entire history, putting his deal behind those of Paul Pogba, Harry Maguire, Romelu Lukaku and Jadon Sancho. Yet Chelsea could now hijack a deal - and it wouldn’t be the first time. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join The Blues have hijacked United on five players over the years, starting with Arjen Robben back in the summer transfer window of 2004. The PSV Eindhoven winger at the time had agreed to join United, saying Old Trafford was the ‘only place’ he wanted to play his football. But he ended up moving to Chelsea instead, much to Sir Alex Ferguson’s dismay. It was a similar situation with John Obi-Mikel, too, with the Nigeria international actually unveiled in United’s colours. He then realised he’d made a mistake, however, and joined Chelsea after being won round by Jose Mourinho. United lost out to Chelsea on Eden Hazard in 2012, with the former Lille star choosing to strut his stuff at Stamford Bridge and to play for the ‘Champions League winners’. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Pedro and N’Golo Kante have both joined the Blues over the Red Devils in the years since Ferguson’s emotional retirement. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Gabriel Agbonlahor recently stated the 25-year-old should move to Chelsea - instead of United. He said on talkSPORT: “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and their fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like [Paul] Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. “Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here