Anthony Joshua lost his cool after being outpointed by Oleksandr Usyk via split decision at the King Abdullah Sport City Arena in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. With scorecards of 115-113, 113-115, and 116-12, Joshua was denied the chance to reclaim his belts and at the end of the contest the Briton stormed out of the ring and threw down the Ring Magazine and WBA (super) belts. The Watford powerhouse then returned to the ring shortly after to snatch the mic and deliver an unusual message to everyone in attendance. "Usyk's one hell of a f***ing fighter, give him a round of applause," said Joshua as the crowd erupted. "Oh my, that's just emotion. Wait, wait I'm talking!" snapped Joshua as Usyk approached. "If you knew my story then you'd understand the passion. I ain't no f***ing amateur boxer from five years old that was an elite prospect from a youth bro. I was going to jail in Reading jail. "I got bail and I started training my a*** off cause if I got sentenced I wanted to be able to fight. I bust my case. G14 where's your hand? I'm stealing this Usyk I'm sorry but it's the f***ing passion we put into this. "I'm telling you for this guy to beat me tonight, maybe I could have done better but it shows the levels of hard work he must have put in. So, please give him a round of applause as our heavyweight champion of the world. "I'm not a twelve-round fighter, look at me. I'm the new breed of heavyweights, all those heavyweights, Mike Tyson, Sonny Liston, Jack Dempsey, because I ain't 14 stone that's why. I'm 18 stone, I'm heavy it's hard work.  "This guy here is a phenomenal talent, we're gonna cheer for him three times. How many belts you got now bro? five?" 'AJ' added before leading a cheer. "And as I was saying, I was studying Ukraine and all the champions that come from your amazing country bro. I've never been there but at the same time what's happening there is... I don't know what's happening there but it's not nice. He continued: "Usyk please raise your hand, under those circumstances you became a champion." Usyk is now expected to fight Tyson Fury for the honour of becoming the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. Joshua's next opponent is unknown but his promoter Eddie Hearn hopes for AJ to return to the ring in December.