Naga Munchetty told BBC Breakfast viewers she would be speaking to young female footballers to ask them how they have been inspired by the Lionesses' Euro 2022 victory. However, her co-presenter Charlie Stayt shut Naga down when she revealed she had packed her trainers to have a "kick about" on a footballer pitch outside the studio. Charlie wondered why girls at school can't have the same access to football as men as the pair explained Naga was going to speak to female footballers later on in the show. Naga replied: "I might even have a bit of a kick about as well with them, I have got the trainers under the desk just in case." Charlie swiped: "Is that wise?" Naga frankly said: "No, maybe not, wise isn't my middle name let's be fair." READ MORE: Will Mellor details heart-breaking reason he signed up to Strictly Later on, Naga headed out of the studio to join some young players on the pitch who could possibly be the sporting stars of the future. Ahead of interviewing the footballers, Naga put her trainers on and couldn't resist attempting to kick a football into a goal. As Charlie turned to the screen, he asked: "The question is, are you going to do the commentating for us?" As he was speaking Naga ran up to the football and cheered as she scored a goal.  "Yes," she shouted as she jumped up and down before adding. "Sorry, I haven't got it in through all of those practises, I was delighted, sorry." "Charlie, thank you very much I am joined by the stars of the future," she continued. Naga cheekily asked a coach called Laura if she was impressed with her goal. Laura quipped: "It was amazing, it was better than Alessia Russo's back heel." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers slam 'painful’ London taxi driver interview [LATEST]Naga Munchetty reacts to BBC co-star's promotion amid show absence [UPDATE]BBC's Naga Munchetty documents 'buttock clenching' blood donation [INSIGHT] Naga asked how inspiring England's Euro win had been, to which Laura replied: "It's amazing, it has given the girls who I coach role models to look up to and it has given them a goal to work towards. "It has really made them work hard and I have noticed the difference in how they have played over the last couple of weeks." BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to comment on Naga's goal, with Sharon Beddall adding: "Go Naga! A Lioness in the making." Tony quipped: "Morning, can you imagine Naga scoring a goal in a cup final the celebration would be hilarious?"  Naga's co-star Mike Bushell, who was updating viewers on the Commonwealth Games, told her he admired her skills on the pitch. He watched Naga score a goal on a giant screen in Birmingham where the sporting event is being held this summer. Later on, Charlie made another dig at Naga by telling viewers "someone had to hold the place together" while he was left to present alone in the studio. BBC Breakfast continues daily between 6am and 9.15am on BBC One. 