Homes Under the Hammer presenter Martin Roberts received an apology from his co-star Martel Maxwell after his hotel room flooded. The property expert, 59, revealed he was facing water running through the ceiling after his co-star, who had the room above him, became "a bit confused" during a power cut and forgot to turn the bathroom tap off. The star took to Twitter to share his hotel problem with his 21,000 followers. Filming water running through a ceiling light, he said: "Oh dear, not the thing you expect first thing in your hotel bedroom." Turning the camera back on himself, Martin revealed he had just got out of the shower. "I think somebody might have left the bath running upstairs, oh dear!" he added. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life In a follow-up clip, the Homes Under the Hammer star went on to reveal who caused the problem. Wearing a robe, Martin said: "You'll love this! "Turns out it was Martel! "She's in the room above me, she left the tap running. Jumping to his co-star's defence, he added: "Now to be fair to her there was a power cut, she got a bit confused, she went downstairs, went to the reception. "Meanwhile the power came back, the tap carried on running and it flooded my room!" he added before collapsing into laughter. Martin captioned the video: "The culprit is revealed….and it’s someone close to home. Music suggestions for the whole event please" he added alongside laughing emojis. Soon enough, Martin's co-star Martel Maxwell took to Twitter to issue an apology to the BBC presenter. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson's 'excitement' as girlfriend Lisa requested lap dance [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton, 39, showcases phenomenal physique in cut-out swimsuit [ANALYSIS]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [UPDATE] Reposting his reveal video, she told her 13,000 followers: "It was me!!!"So sorry pal @TVMartinRoberts. Drinks on me."Following the news, fans of the show took to the comments to weigh in on the turn of events.Twitter user @chrishawkins52 wrote: "Bet Martin didn't expect a waterfall in his room, although, bet you would all say on Homes Under the Hammer, 'What a nice feature.'" @libgott added: "So happy for the 'culprit' you have an exceptional sense of humour." (sic) "OMG Martell!" Instagram user marzi2808 commented. While judy_williamson67 penned: "Oh dear, naughty @martelmaxwell." Gemdolla wrote: "Oh no! You are looking very well and healthy. Lovely to see!" along a laughing face.