Simon Calder, travel correspondent for The Independent, told Sky News’ Kay Burley that people in the UK regions will be “disproportionately affected” by further cancellations made by British Airways as travellers continue to suffer after a summer of turmoil. Mr Calder cited the example of flights from Heathrow to Aberdeen, which usually operate up to eight times a day but will only fly twice daily as a result of cancellations. The reduction has driven up prices and could force passengers to wait hours for another flight.    Mr Calder said: “Well, British Airways, by far the biggest carrier at London Heathrow, told the trade, and holiday companies, that they are going to be taking out yet more flights this winter. “British Airways, which was getting back to pre-Covid levels at Heathrow, has so far cancelled about 30,000 flights, and a further 1,250 have just been announced for the next couple of months, which will take us to the end of the summer season. “And then, in the winter, they should be cancelling 10,000 domestic and short-haul international flights, and that represents, as well as the long haul flights that are being taken out, about two million seats taken out of the market. “Now, you might think that that is great for the environment but if you are a passenger that is terrible news.”    “But the impact is going to be felt disproportionately, I fear, on the domestic routes. So, that’s from Belfast, Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Newcastle and Manchester. Those are flights that typically have lots of people connecting. “A month today, going from London Heathrow to Abderdeen, there are just two flights [as opposed to the usual 6-8], they are both in the evening and the lowest price at this stage is £215. “It is people in the regions in the UK that are going to be most affected and I think you could end up finding that while you have a connecting flight from London Heathrow, you’re going to be hanging around for many hours because the flight you were on has been pruned.” It comes as Gatwick Airport has said it is back to “business as usual” and will not need to extend its capacity restraints beyond the end of the month. The company said normal operations have resumed following months of strain on airports and airlines across Europe. READ MORE: Ryanair strikes: Full list of cancelled flights [INSIGHT]   The airport - which is London's second busiest - said in June that it was moderating the growth in the number of flights after major disruption over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday. Without constraints over the summer passengers would have experienced poor standards of service. Queues would have been long and many flights would have been delayed or cancelled at the last minute. But with the school holidays coming to an end, the worst has passed. In the second quarter of the year demand was at 74 percent of pre-pandemic levels, Gatwick said. More than 13 million passengers travelled through the airport in the six months to the end of June. It now expects 32.8 million passengers to use the airport this year. DON'T MISS: Flight cancellation chaos: How to check if flight is cancelled [REVEAL] BA pilot warns of 'perfect storm' with more cancelled flights [REPORT] Holiday cancellation warning for TUI, easyJet, and Jet2 customers [REVEAL]   But this prediction could be hit by runaway inflation, which is pushing up costs and making people cut back on luxuries. Revenue hit £291.5 million in the six months, while post-tax profit reached £50.6 million. Chief executive Stewart Wingate said: “We still have some considerable way to go, but strong demand has fast-tracked Gatwick's recovery from the pandemic, particularly in the last quarter since all UK travel restrictions were removed. “Air traffic volumes have reflected this strong passenger demand and have bounced back to around 75 percent of pre-Covid levels. “Despite some broad economic uncertainty, we are also looking forward to a successful second half to the year, with new, exciting airlines and routes coming on stream and continuous improvement in the high service standards Gatwick is known for.” READ NEXT: Travel chains STILL selling cut price deals despite cancellationsFamily bumped from TUI flight at gate because 'plane was too small' Former transport minister slams travel delays 'If I was in charge I'd Disgust as TUI passengers told by TEXT their holidays are cancelledBride-to-be left ‘broken’ after cancelling wedding over axed flights  