While most people snore, it could potentially be a sign of a serious health condition. Obstructive sleep apnoea occurs when the muscles in the back of your throat relax too much to allow normal breathing.  The condition means the sufferer's breathing stops and starts while they sleep. It is linked to things such as obesity and getting older, and it can make you feel very tired during the day and affect your quality of life, reports Kent Live. There are currently 2,217 people across the UK claiming support through Personal Independence Payment for sleep apnoea and conditions of the upper respiratory tract. PIP is paid every four weeks so this amounts to between £97.80 and £627.60 every payment period. The number of claimants across the UK for sleep apnoea and upper respiratory tract are as follows: PIP is a benefit which is gradually replacing Disability Living Allowance (DLA). If you need extra help because of an illness, disability or mental health condition, you could be eligible for PIP. You will be assessed by a health professional to work out the level of help you can get and your rate will be reviewed to make sure you are getting the right support. To be eligible for PIP or ADP, you must have a health condition or disability where you: Under the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) more than £8,000 a year is available in state benefits to people who have certain health conditions. The payments are made via the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Up to £156 a week is available to those with specific health needs, conditions or disabilities. The DWP has recently raised the payment rates for various benefit payments, including the state pension and its disability payments. The disability payments which were affected include PIP, Attendance Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, and Child Disability Living Allowance. The increase was in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) which saw payments rise by 3.1 per cent. Claimants of PIP - which is paid at a higher and lower weekly rate across its two available components - saw a rise to their payments. For the daily living component of the disability benefit, the lower weekly rate was raised to £61.85 and the higher rate went up to £94.40. Exactly how much someone can receive from the DWP depends on the condition they are living with. There are 19 health conditions which allow people to qualify for PIP. These are: