Sophie Wessex, 57, and Lady Louise, 18, are at another day of events at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham. The mother-daughter duo are wearing matching baby pink outfits, Sophie in a pink top and Louise wearing a pink maxi skirt. This is the second day in a row the Earl and Countess of Wessex are attending the Commonwealth Games. Royal fan @toriaa_h tweeted: "Love they are finally embracing their curly hair." Sophie wore a beautiful pink top with some white trousers. The top is from Soler and it is the Pia silk crepe top. It retails at $235, or £192. READ MORE: Queen Rania broke tradition at wedding with royal style standards For footwear, Sophie wore her Penelope Chilvers Scoop Leather Espadrille in Tan. These sell for a whopping £159. The description on the website says: "This classic wedge espadrille is the ultimate transitional espadrille from spring to summer. "This elegant style is beautifully made for us by skilled Spanish artisans who specialise in the art of espadrille making.  DON'T MISS...Prince William tells Chloe Kelly 'you were so powerful' says lipreader [VIDEO]Inside Kate and William's new home Adelaide Cottage - 'wonderful!' [PICTURES]George & Charlotte's new school in Windsor has classes on unusual day [NEWS] "A best-selling style that is loved by our customers thanks to its easy wearability. "Dress it up or dress it down, wear it all day long (despite its height) and never tire of its timeless design." Lady Louise, meanwhile, wore a beautiful white blouse. READ MORE: The Royal Family's most outrageous outfits they never wore again She paired the blouse with a pink maxi skirt from Lipsy London with several rows of different prints. For footwear Louise wore a simple pair of white plimsolls. The 18-year-old royal accessorised with a Clogau Gold fairy locket.  The description on the website says: "Inspired by ancient tales of Welsh fairies, the sterling silver and 9-carat rose gold Fairy locket is one of the most intricate and beautiful pieces we've ever created. "Hanging freely, and enclosed within the Tree of Life filigree heart locket, is a 9ct rose gold fairy, protecting the wearer from harm. "Also contained within is rare Welsh gold."The silver chain that accompanies this locket measures 18" (46cm) and is secured by a bolt ring clasp."