More Britons than ever before are likely to be facing an inheritance tax bill from HMRC when a loved one dies, because of soaring property prices and stagnant IHT thresholds. Could setting up a trust be the answer? Express.co.uk asked Graham Southorn from Maplebrook Will Writing Bristol for his expertise. Trusts are one of the most valuable tools for financial planning but not everyone understands how they can be used to one’s best advantage. Used correctly they can save people thousands of pounds but it’s always best to seek professional advice on complicated financial matters. Graham Southorn told Express.co.uk: “If you think you are going to have an inheritance tax problem you can look at trusts in one of two ways. “For example if you have a rental property, it may be possible to put that into a trust and keep it out of your estate after seven years.” READ MORE: NatWest increases interest rate on its Digital Regular Saver to 3.75% He continued: “Now there’s a lot of caveats to that and you would need to sit down with an advisor to talk about it to see if it fits your circumstances. “Another type of trust might be that you could put a certain amount of money in and again it will be outside of your estate after seven years - but there are conditions and you wouldn’t be able to access it. “If you have a lot of cash that you still want access to, it's best to talk to a financial advisor because they have certain products they can provide where you put the money in and you might be able to access a certain amount. “So with cash and savings it’s best to talk to a financial advisor and with property talk to a will writer or estate planner or solicitor.” DON'T MISSNationwide increases interest rates across savings accounts [ALERT]DWP confirms disability cost of living payment date [UPDATE]Building society launches new account with ‘attractive’ rate [ALERT]How much is inheritance tax and who needs to pay? [INSIGHT] However, it’s a common misconception that people can avoid paying inheritance tax by giving their house to their children before they die. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk he shared other things people could do to save money instead. The will writer explained: “It’s really hard to avoid Inheritance tax on your own house. People think, 'I’ll give my house to my children but unless you pay market rent then you can’t.' “You might be able to give a portion of it away but that only works for high value houses - that are worth say £700,000 or above. It can be really complicated - in this case it’s best to speak to a professional.” READ MORE: How much can I earn and still claim Universal Credit?  Graham previously shared his tips for saving children and grandschildren from having to fork out thousands in inheritance tax. One of the most important things Britons can do is make sure their will is up-to-date. He said: He said: “If you pass everything to your spouse, it would be exempt from IHT. “Depending on your circumstances, this may not happen if you die intestate (without a Will).”  The will writer’s other tips include:   