In this week's episode, Scarlette and Stuart Douglas help a couple renovate their "old, sad and worn" house. Harry and Yimika bought a 1930 three-bedroom house that "has seen better days" in Purley, Croydon. According to property experts Scarlette and Stuart Douglas the best way to make money is to "always buy the worst house on the best street" and turn it into the most perfect one. But is it possible to get a dream house on the tightest budget? The couple only have £40,000 to spend to cover all the work, so they need to prioritise some things. READ MORE: Use certain coloured lighting to ‘repel’ mosquitoes from homes The couple are determined to get rid of the chimney breasts, but Scarlette and Stuart believe that is a bad investment as renovating other rooms would add more value to the house. The experts explained "a good size kitchen" can "add massive value to a house". "This is the room that we must get right. "The value of a property can go up at least five percent thanks to how good the kitchen is on the actual property," Scarlette explained.  The easiest way to achieve this is by adding an island to the kitchen. Stuart said: "Money spent on a stylish kitchen would add more value than the complex job of removing a chimney breast." The couple opted for a warm minimalism theme for the kitchen which looked amazing when the renovation was completed. Harry and Yimika chose natural stones for the worktops and Stuart shared the best tip to get a bargain. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb  He explained: "Great tip to find the best price: there's no better place to come than to the manufacturers direct." The property expert also shared a useful hack "if you want to save money" when renovating the bathroom. He said: "Leave all the plumping where it is. "The minute you start moving things around, that adds up." The average house price in Croydon is £590,000. Harry and Yimika bought their house for £415,000 and ended up spending £38,000 on renovations. After the renovation, the couple boosted the value of their home by £32,000 which is now worth £485,000.