Brenda Blethyn and the Vera cast have recently been spotted on set filming for the ITV drama. Production for series 12 is well underway, and fans can't wait to see what mysterious murders the iconic detective has to solve. However, in new behind the scene pictures taken from one fan, the DCI Stanhope star looked rather concerned as solved her latest murder. Dressed in her iconic green hat and mack, Vera could be seen looking away as a body of a man lay on the ground in front of her. In another snap, published by the Hartlepool Mail, the crew could be seen helping the actors get into their forensic gear. Brenda was also spotted again behind a police cordon, along with the camera crew filming her. One more behind-the-scenes picture showed the forensic team bending over the body of a man who was found by a river. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history The detective was later photographed walking along the murder scene with one of the guest actors. In another set of images exclusively obtained by Express.co.uk from June 27, Brenda was spotted with Kenny Doughty, who plays Vera's sidekick Aiden Healy. The 76-year-old actress was all smiles as she posed with some adorable dogs on set. Filming for the upcoming series is expected to wrap up in autumn, but fans are still eagerly waiting for the final episodes of series 11 to air. The first four instalments of the cop drama were spread out due to delays because of the coronavirus pandemic. However, bosses are yet to confirm when the remaining episodes will play out. Throughout filming for series 12, Brenda and Kenny have kept fans updated with snippets of what goes on behind the scenes. In his latest post, the Aiden Healy star shared a photo of a visitor on set. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Another double pregnancy rocks the village [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little refused to watch BBC series [INSIGHT]TalkTV viewers slam Kate McCann's 'car crash' Rebekah Vardy interview [REACTION] Posting a photo of himself lying on the floor of his trailer with a puppy, Kenny wrote: "Had a visitor today in my trailer. I may have to steal her!" In another snap, Kenny posed with DCI Stanhope's hat on his head. "The time I stole my boss’s hat," the actor joked. The photo sent fans into a meltdown, with many quizzing the actor on when the final episodes of series 11 would air. Aiden Adamson asked: "Do you know when we in England are getting the last 2 episodes of season 11?" Robyn replied: "Please tell me when the new season starts." The post even grabbed the attention of Doctor Who showrunner, Russell T Davies. Along with a love heart, the director simply penned: "There he is." Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.