An engineer who fled from Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant under the anonymised name of Olga fears the situation could be much worse than the Chernobyl disaster of 1986 when an estimated 4,000 people died, according to the World Health Organisation. As Ukraine and Russia accuse each other of shelling the Russian-held nuclear plant, Western allies – Britain, France, Germany and the US – have stressed the need to ensure the safety of nuclear installations. But amid ongoing shelling, Olga is concerned the fighting could turn into a nuclear disaster reminiscent of Chernobyl. "I am afraid that this could turn out 10 times worse," Olga told DW News. "In Zaporizhzhia, we have six reactors and a storage facility for nuclear fuel. "Chernobyl was tiny compared to that." Olga also worries for her colleagues who stayed at the plant. "I would say 70 percent of my colleagues no longer show up for work," Olga said. "There are simply too afraid. You can imagine what that means for the ongoing operations – and especially for the security precautions on site." Ukraine says Russian troops have turned the nuclear power plant into a fortress where safety protocol is ignored. "They use the site to put pressure on the Ukrainian government. To blackmail them," Olga said, adding: "The power plant is currently a big trump card in the war." READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Outrage' Kremlin rattled by EU military threat Vladimir Putin said he will grant UN officials permission to visit and inspect the Zaporizhzhia nuclear complex after a call with French President Emmanuel Macron. In a readout after the call, the Kremlin said Mr Putin had agreed to provide UN investigators with "the necessary assistance" to access the Zaporizhzhia nuclear site. The director-general of the UN's nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), welcomed Mr Putin's statement and said he was willing to lead a visit to the plant himself. DON'T MISS:Zelensky lands another blow on Putin – fire tears through Donetsk [VIDEO] Strength of Western sanctions in doubt [REPORT] British hosts have said they cannot afford to keep homing refugees [REPORT]  "In this highly volatile and fragile situation, it is of vital importance that no new action is taken that could further endanger the safety and security of one of the world's largest nuclear power plants," Rafael Grossi said. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky warned that unintended attacks on the nuclear plant could have severe consequences for other European countries. "If Russian blackmail with radiation continues, this summer may go down in the history of various European countries as one of the most tragic of all time," he said in a nightly address. READ NEXT:Russia claims car bomber has fled to EstoniaUkrainians express fears of ‘catastrophe’ at power plantUsyk spotted with two black eyes at the airport after Joshua winUkraine: Dugin 'suffers heart attack' after Putin's 'revenge'Ministry of Defence under fire over data breach that put 2,000 people