The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been widely rumoured to have decided to move out of Kensington Palace and relocate with their three children to Adelaide Cottage later this summer. If the move is confirmed, life in this new home will bring quite a few changes in the lives of Kate and William as well as Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. As a result of this relocation to Windsor, the three Cambridge children have been tipped to leave their schools in London to start attending the preparatory Lambrook School, just a 15-minute drive away from the cottage. This cottage will also provide more privacy and green space to the growing children of the Duke and Duchess. Moreover, the cottage is significantly smaller than the four-story Kensington Palace apartment in which the Cambridges have lived over the past few years. As it is a four-bedroom home, the cottage won't have a room for the Cambridges' trusted nanny Maria Teresa Borrallo to stay in. This will mark the first time since Prince George was an eight-month-old baby that Kate and William won't have Ms Borrallo living with them. Highlighting the momentous change in the lives of the five royals, the Telegraph's Victoria Ward wrote: "While she will remain a key figure in the children’s lives, the relocation to Windsor will usher in a new era for the Cambridge clan." Nevertheless, this won't be the end of Ms Borrallo's employment with the Duke, Duchess and their three children. The skilled Norland nanny will remain employed full-time but "will live elsewhere", Ms Ward notes. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s memoir to make Oprah interview look like 'child's play' Similarly, Kate and William won't share their quarters with the live-in support staff they have at Kensington Palace, believed to include a housekeeper and a chef. Adelaide Cottage is a Grade-II listed home located on the 655-acre Windsor estate. As it was renovated in 2015, it won't need any taxpayer-funded work should the Cambridges confirm their move into the cottage. It is only a short walk away from Windsor Castle, which since the beginning of the pandemic has become the Queen's main residence. This home is also much closer to the house of Kate's parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, in Bucklebury. The royal cottage was built in 1831 for Queen Adelaide, wife of King William IV. Among its most famous tenants, it has counted Group Captain Peter Townsend, who famously had a relationship with Princess Margaret. Kate and William will retain both Kensington Palace and Anmer Hall even after their move to Windsor, it has been previously claimed. Their current London home would become the Cambridges' working office. On the other hand, the Norfolk home given to Kate and William by the Queen would continue to be used as a countryside residence on weekends and school holidays. Kate, William and their children are believed to have spent part of their summer holidays at Sandringham. They also reportedly spent a fortnight in July on Tresco, a tiny island part of the Scilly archipelago. Later this month, the Cambridges have been tipped to head north of the border to visit the Queen, who officially took up residence at Balmoral Castle last week. Prior to returning to Balmoral, the monarch is believed to have stayed for two weeks at Craigowan Lodge. Her Majesty normally stays in Scotland throughout the months of August and September and returns to England in early or mid-October. However, if her health allows it, she will interrupt her summer break within a few weeks to return to London and invite the new Conservative Party leader, to be announced on September 5, to form a new Government.