Jeremy Clarkson has relayed his "excitement" after his longterm girlfriend Lisa Hogan announced she wanted a lap dance during a trip to Detroit, Michigan. The Top Gear star, 62, addressed the "out of character" behaviour of his partner, which he put down to being in a bar where people were "vaping". In his latest column, the motoring expert wrote of his disdain for cannabis, adding that he once hid in a toilet at a party to "escape the effects" of people smoking it around him. However, Jeremy went on to recall the effects of the substance as he and his partner sat in a bar where people were "vaping". He wrote: "Not that long ago I was in a "special dancing" bar in Detroit with my girlfriend. "We were chatting to some people at the bar who had a vape and, after taking a puff, Lisa announced she'd quite like to have a lap dance." READ MORE: Mick Jagger’s son exposed crazy reality of celebrity childhood He went on: "As this is extremely out of character, I should have known that the 'vape' contained some chemical strangeness, but I was so excited by the idea that I too had a puff and went off to find a dancer who'd oblige." However, unfortunately Jeremy ended up "collapsing" due to the effects of being around the "vape". "That's what dope does: it means your girlfriend has to carry you home instead of having a lap dance," he wrote in his column for The Times. Jeremy added he woke up back in his hotel after his "knees stopped working properly". The couple have been dating since 2017, when they were introduced to each other by mutual friends. The Irish model spoke to Fabulous magazine and said they don’t have any plans to marry or have children in the near future. Lisa said: “Mrs Clarkson? No, thank you, I like Lisa Hogan. We decided not to have children together.” She added: “We’re at a stage where we are not going to have kids." DON'T MISS... Strictly's Rose Ayling-Ellis & Sam Arnold 'hit by show's curse' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry slammed by Karren Brady over private jet flight [ANALYSIS]Amanda Holden, 51, flashes toned stomach in skin-tight crop top [UPDATE] “I’m just happy pootling along. I think because of our age, it’s much easier. You go: ‘God, is it you I end up with? OK, that’s it.’” Lisa was married to ex-husband Baron Steven Bentinck for almost 30 years and they share three children. Jeremy was married to Alex Hall in 1989 for six months. His second marriage was to manager Frances Cain in 1993 who he had three children with, but they split in 2014. It comes a month after Lisa sparked a frenzy as she unveiled her flexibility in a swimsuit as the couple holidayed in the French Riviera. The former Top Gear presenter shared a video of his partner, as the former model and actress performed an impressive backflip into the water on Wednesday. She put her toned physique on full display in a swimsuit as Lisa showed off her flexible skills in a candid video shared by Jeremy, in view of his 4.9 million followers. He captioned the post: "Just amazing. I mean she was born in the sixties."