King Edward VIII famously abdicated the British throne in 1936 after just 326 days, one of the shortest reigns in British royal history, which sparked a constitutional crisis. He was immediately succeeded by his younger brother George VI, the father of the current monarch Queen Elizabeth II. Edward abandoned his royal duties so he could marry the American two-time divorcee Wallis Simpson, whose union with the King was opposed by the Government, the Church of England and members of the public. Although the abdication was extremely controversial, the Duke of Windsor’s most treacherous act came as he called for the Nazis to “bomb Britain into peace” during World War 2. The revelation that the monarch wanted his nation to be bombed stunned a historian who unearthed the captured German wartime documents exposing Edward’s betrayal of his country. Dr Andrew Lownie, who penned the book ‘Traitor King’ about the disgraced monarch’s exile, uncovered how information from Edward made into the hands of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler. The historian was left “shocked” by a top-secret cable the German ambassador in Lisbon sent to Berlin in 1940. Speaking during Channel 4’s new film, ‘Edward VIII: Britain's Traitor King’, which his research informed, Dr Lownie explained the Duke’s bombing request. JUST IN: Royal Family: 'Desperate' Harry and Meghan spark fierce backlash announcing UK return Reading from the cable, he said: “I think it is one of the most shocking documents that I found in my research. “He characterises himself as a firm supporter of a peaceful arrangement with Germany. “And then this bit. The Duke definitely believes the continued severe bombing would make England ready for peace. “This is extraordinary – here is the former king of Britain saying if you bomb his family and country, that is the best way to bring the pursuit of peace. “He is quite prepared to go to those lengths to achieve those aims. It is chilling and sinister and frankly very shocking.” Edward’s plea for the Germans to bomb Britain was intercepted by Dr Ricardo Espírito Santo. The prominent banker, who was a German agent, had organised accommodation for Edward in Portugal. The ambassador, a close friend of Espírito Santo’s, then passed the information about the Duke’s request onto Berlin. Dr Lownie explained how after Edward’s request, the Nazis bombed Buckingham Palace, where his brother King George and his wife, the Queen Mother were staying. He said: “The Duke had encouraged the Germans to bomb London and indeed that is what they do. DON'T MISS: Spain's King Juan Carlos 'essentially sold into slavery' by father in bid to return throne [LATEST]'Like phoenix from ashes' Harry to use book to 'rewrite his story' to become US leader [INSIGHT]Diana's 'shadow' still looms over Camilla as 'jury out' on Duchess as Queen Consort [ANALYSIS] “On the 13th of September, 1940, Messerschmitts fly down the Mall and bomb Buckingham Palace, literally missing the King and Queen by feet. “Let us look at it in personal terms. This is the Duke encouraging the Germans to subjugate the British. “This is a man who will stop at nothing to usurp the throne, even if it requires the death of his own brother.” Eerie archival photos show the Palace reduced to rubble, while the King and Queen survey the damage. The author A. N. Wilson, who also appeared in the Channel 4 documentary, commented on Edward’s betrayal of his country. He said: “To my mind that is the most appalling thing he ever did. “Actively to say to somebody that you think the cities of your own country have – particularly if you have been the King of that country – should be bombed, that the civilians should be killed in thousands, tens of thousands.” Dr Lownie recently spoke to Express.co.uk providing declassified documents that showed how the French Secret Service spied on Edward and Simpson during their exile in France, and how the American had an affair while the royal was at home in England seeing his ill brother. ‘Edward VIII: Britain's Traitor King’ is available on All 4. ‘Traitor King: The Scandalous Exile of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor’ was written by Andrew Lownie and published by Blink Publishing in 2021. It is available here. An updated version has just been published.