Arsenal technical director Edu will not go in search of a short-term fix for the club's final signing of the summer window, according to reports. The Gunners are likely to only make one more signing before the deadline closes on Thursday but Edu wants to ensure anyone who does arrive fits in with the club's recruitment plan. Arsenal have made five signings so far this summer. Oleksandr Zinchenko was the latest player through the door over a month ago to take the spending in this window to around £120million. Focus has been on outgoings in recent weeks, with the likes of Bernd Leno, Lucas Torreira and Nicolas Pepe all leaving the club. However, manager Mikel Arteta has maintained he still wants to add further additions to his squad. Time is now ticking, with the 11pm deadline on Thursday approaching fast. Arsenal were prioritising a winger signing following Nicolas Pepe's departure. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical  However, their main objective may now be to sign a midfielder following a significant injury suffered by Mohamed Elneny. But if they are active, The Athletic claims Arsenal will only sign a player that suits their recent transfer strategy. Former midfielder Edu heads up the club's recruitment along with Arteta. And a short-term solution will not be sought, with focus instead being on ensuring the philosophy of recent windows is followed. Edu has spoken openly about Arsenal's plan in the transfer market in recent months. The Gunners have been caught far too many times of handing big-money contracts to players in their late 20s and early 30s. Arsenal have had to terminate the contracts of the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Mesut Ozil and Shkodran Mustafi in order to get them off the wage bill. But Edu insists that is a thing of the past while he's in charge. DON'T MISSBarcelona star Depay ‘evaluating Man Utd offer’ in dramatic twistArsenal may have another Saliba already after Edu nailed negotiationsArsenal predicted XI vs Aston Villa as Arteta rests two stars for Man Utd  He told The Athletic: "Even, I’m sorry, if you have to pay. To leave is better. Because that guy is sometimes also blocking someone. “I know it hurts, I know it’s strange when I go to the board and say, ‘Sometimes it’s better to pay a player to leave than maintain them’. But I consider it an investment. "Sometimes people say, ‘It’s expensive’. I say, ‘No, it’s investment’. But someone will pay if you sell? No, guys - if the player is above 26, 27 and not performing, big salary, no chance.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here 