Last week, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps suggested that cyclists could need number plates and adhere to speed limits, just like vehicles. The proposals prompted heated debates, with cyclists saying that any measures like number plates are unnecessary, while some drivers claimed it would help keep cyclists accountable for their action, like other road users. The Transport Department confirmed that there are no plans to introduce registration plates on bicycles. Mr Shapps said: “Somewhere where cyclists are actually not breaking the law is when they speed, and that cannot be right, so I absolutely propose extending speed limit restrictions to cyclists. “Particularly where you’ve got 20mph limits on increasing numbers of roads, cyclists can easily exceed those, so I want to make speed limits apply to cyclists. “That obviously does then lead you into the question of: ‘Well, how are you going to recognise the cyclist? Do you need registration plates and insurance? And that sort of thing.’ he told the Daily Mail. READ MORE: 'You will use less fuel': Simple and easy car tweak will 'save money' He added that there should be a review of insurance and how cyclists are actually tracked when they break the laws. Ben Pepper, Associate in the Accident Claims Team at law firm Bolt Burdon Kemp, praised the suggestion, saying it would make roads safer. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "I welcome the news that cyclists could be required to have number plates, insurance and observe speed limits. “Whilst HGVs, vans and cars are capable of causing the most significant injuries, bicycles can still cause serious harm to pedestrians if ridden negligently. DON'T MISS'At least' another 15p expected to be knocked off fuel prices in week [RELIEF]Diesel drivers warned as major law changes may lead to rise in thefts [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as more cities seek to add new 20mph speed limit roads [WARNING] “With an ever-increasing number of bicycles on the road that have the ability to reach high speeds, it is important that when cyclists cause injury to others the victims can trace them and access compensation for their injuries and losses. “The requirement for insurance should not deter people from cycling. The premiums need not be high. “Cyclists can then go out with the peace of mind that, if they were to inadvertently injure someone, their insurer will cover the potentially very substantial damages and legal costs. “So until such time as insurance becomes mandatory, it remains prudent for cyclists to have some form of insurance in place." This comes after Grant Shapps announced that Cyclists who kill pedestrians could be prosecuted in the same way as motorists. Under the 1991 Road Traffic Act, a maximum fine of £1,000 can be issued for careless cycling and £2,500 for dangerous cycling. If bodily harm is caused, cyclists can be prosecuted for “furious driving” which comes with a maximum penalty of two years in prison. According to a 2020 report by the parliamentary advisory council for transport safety (Pacts), which uses Department for Transport (DfT) figures, “pedal cyclists and small motorcycles were involved in very few collisions where pedestrians were killed”. In 2019, five pedestrian deaths involved a bicycle. Meanwhile, 48 cyclists and 305 pedestrians were killed by cars. The Government ran a consultation about four years ago on proposals for new offences of causing death or serious injury while cycling. It is estimated that the average speed on a bicycle is between 10 and 14mph. Any new laws would mean cyclists who speed or jump red lights would be subject to fines and licence penalty points.