Gardens across the UK are in full bloom with the warm weather encouraging plant and flower growth. With autumn just around the corner and many gardeners planning ahead, one gardening expert has shared things Britons should consider before planting in the garden. Fiona Jenkins, gardening expert at MyJobQuote, shared things gardeners should consider before planting in the garden. She told Express.co.uk: “The first thing to consider when planting a variety of vegetation, is that the shrubbery you’re putting next to each other have the same lighting requirements. “You should also factor in the size each plant will grow to when planning your garden layout. “Greenery such as tomato plants grow very tall, so locating them next to something a lot smaller can cause issues. “Taller, larger plants have a tendency of blocking the light from smaller plants in their vicinity, stunting growth for the shorter ones.” READ MORE: Peace lily: ‘Vital’ care tips for ‘difficult’ plant Gardeners should also space out larger and smaller plants, giving them enough room to absorb light. Shorter plants can be placed on the edge, in front of those that tower over them. Fiona continued: “Another thing you need to be careful with is putting plants that love water next to those who don’t so much. “This can cause major issues when it comes to watering, as you can drown water-hating shrubs nearby resulting in wilting and death. DON'T MISS:‘Wow factor’ flowers to plant in August [COMMENT]Home improvements which won’t add value to your property [INSIGHT]How to make natural ‘homemade’ oven degreaser for 50p [EXPLAINER] “Some plants will also require specific nutritional needs compared to others, so it’s important to keep species together based on what best nourishes them.” Gardeners should also be aware that some plants have allelopathic behaviours. Fiona said this was “vital” when it comes to planting. She explained: “In less scientific terms, this means that they can obstruct the growth of competing plants with the use of chemicals. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now “This can be great to get rid of weeds, however when these plants wreak havoc on the systems of genuine shrubbery this can cause problems. “Sunflowers, tomatoes, broccoli and asparagus all have allelopathic tendencies, as well as many more. “Some examples of plants you should keep separate are dill and carrots, onions or garlic and beans or peas, and potatoes and tomatoes." Clare Cahill, CEO and owner of A Little Bird Company, recently told Express.co.uk that sunflowers send out a "toxin” from their roots. The expert explained: “Sunflowers are easy to grow and produce seeds that birds will love. “But these cheerful-looking plants send out a toxin from their roots, leaves, stem, flowers and seeds that can make it difficult for other plants to survive nearby. “Always plant sunflowers around 12 inches away from other plants and cut down and dry the seed head to hang out for the birds.” Beans and potatoes should also not be planted near sunflowers.