During Tuesday’s instalment of GB News, Royal expert Jennie Bond spoke about the main issue with Prince Harry’s bombshell memoir set to be released later this year. The 72-year-old stated that since the Sussexes' interview with Oprah, there’s  little trust between Harry and his brother Prince William. Appearing on the show via video link, Jennie told the GB News hosts trust is very important to the Royal Family. She said: “I think the problem with Harry writing his account of his life is that it has eroded trust, really. “There is very little trust after the Oprah interview particularly between William and Harry and other members of the royal family. Touching on the memoir, which is set to be released this November, Jennie said: “They don't know what bombshell is going to come next. “Trust is something that's very important in royal circles. There aren't very many people they can trust. Discretion is everything.”  The Royal expert said both Harry and Meghan have demonstrated they are no longer willing to be discreet about what happened behind palace walls. She added: “They are fearful of what is going to come out and yes, it is still I think poisoning the relationship between the two brothers who were so close." With the 25th anniversary of their mother, Princess Diana’s, death approaching, Jennie told the GB News presenters it was sad to see them both at loggerheads with each other. Speculation about the two brothers' frosty relationship first started to emerge following  the Sussexes' interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2020.  During the televised special, the Duchess of Sussex made numerous revelations and allegations about the Royal Family since she had been introduced. In the interview, Prince Harry made an appearance where he spoke about his decision on leaving the royals. He also  touched on his “trapped” family members Prince Charles and Prince William. Speaking to Oprah, he said: “I was trapped within the system like the rest of my family are. My father and my brother, they are trapped.  “They don’t get to leave and I have huge compassion for that.” Last year, the Prince revealed he was going to write a tell-all autobiography which he said would be accurate and wholly truthful about his time in the public eye. In a statement surrounding the memoir, he explained people will get to read the highs, lows, mistakes and lessons he has gone through throughout his life. He said: “I can help show that, no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.”  Currently, the UK is anticipating Harry and Meghan’s return in September as they are set to visit multiple different charities. At the start of the month, the couple will go to Manchester for the One Young World summit. Shortly after on September 8, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will go to the WellChild Awards which is a yearly event that celebrates the extraordinary achievements of seriously ill children. Since 2007, Prince Harry has been a patron of the organisation and has kept in close contact following his move to the states in 2020. 