Liz Truss has been urged to stand up to Joe Biden following his "awful" treatment of Britain over its decision to leave the EU. Nile Gardiner, a former aide to Margaret Thatcher, told GB News that "it was time for Biden to back off" as Brexit Britain begins to take shape. This comes as a huge number of American businesses and entrepreneurs ditch President Biden's America for Brexit Britain. GB News host Darren Grimes pointed out that former deputy PM Nick Clegg, "infamously anti-Brexit," was "now scrambling to get here". The ardent Remainer, who works for Meta, will swap Silicon Valley for London, according to reports. Mr Gardiner remarked: "Clegg is eating humble pie and moving back to London, and you have a lot of Silicon Valley businesses trying to escape socialist California and move to London. "It is ironic that anti-Brexit Remainers in the US are moving to Brexit Britain." JUST IN: UK hurtling towards 'cataclysmic' collapse 'worse than 2008'  He predicted that if Liz Truss, who is favourite to succeed Boris Johnson as PM, pursues a "low-tax, limited government agenda," then Brexit Britain could outcompete the US and EU. Mr Gardiner said it was time for Joe Biden and his "sneering advisors" to back down from their hostility towards Brexit. He suggested that Joe Biden and his "far-left presidency" was to blame for the exodus of US businesses to London. The Conservative commentator added: "It's time for Joe Biden to back off. Biden hates Brexit. "He is surrounded by advisors in the White House who intensely dislike Brexit, who sneer at it.  "The elites in the US and EU have the same mindset, they see Brexit as a threat to their world view. "Biden has been awful in the treatment of Britain, he has been condescending and arrogant. "Liz Truss needs to stand up to Joe Biden, defend British interest and tell Biden to mind his own business, actually." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Get on with it! Truss told to sideline Macron [LIVE BLOG]Brexit was the right thing for Britain, says RISHI SUNAK [COMMENT]Moscow ignores Russian soldiers asking for help [VIDEO]  Huge companies such as Meta, which has 4,000 employees in the UK, are bringing operations to the UK. Adam Mosseri, the head of Instagram, which is also a part of Meta, is heading across to London. A new poll from Opinium for the Observer revealed that Ms Truss holds a commanding 22-point lead over Rishi Sunak in the race to become the next Tory leader among Conservative party members. The survey put the foreign secretary on 61 percent and the former chancellor on 39 percent. However, when offered the choice of the outgoing Boris Johnson or Ms Truss, a whopping 63 percent said they would prefer Mr Johnson. READ NEXT: Brexit LIVE: Get on with it! Truss told to sideline MacronEU to use IndyRef2 plot to make relations 'more difficult' with UKBrexit was the right thing for Britain, says RISHI SUNAKJacob Rees-Mogg exposes real reason Tory MPs took down BorisBrexit border row solvable in 'six months' bemoans British tech boss 