Wesley Fofana is ‘intent’ on leaving Leicester for Chelsea despite being told by Brendan Rodgers that he is not for sale, according to reports. The Blues have turned their attention to the France under-21 starlet after missing out on Jules Kounde. Chelsea have made at least a couple of bids for Fofana, who signed a new five-year contract with Leicester in March. The latest proposal is believed to be over £70million including add-ons. Leicester will not even enter negotiations unless they receive a bid of above £80m, though. They are insistent that Fofana will remain at the club beyond the transfer window. The 21-year-old caught the attention of Europe’s top clubs with his performances for the Foxes prior to cruelly breaking his leg 12 months ago. He returned in March and played the remainder of the campaign.  CBS Sports claim that Fofana is ‘intent’ on leaving, though. JUST IN: Chelsea told why boss Tuchel is 'unhappy' despite four signings That is despite Rodgers holding talks with the talented centre-back to inform him that Leicester plan to keep him. The Midlands outfit will not sell Fofana and fellow wanted man James Maddison in the same transfer window. Attacking midfielder Maddison was the subject of two bids from Newcastle, who have since cooled their interest after learning that Leicester’s valuation is around £60m. Rodgers told the BBC of Fofana last week: "He’s a player we don’t want to sell. He has committed to the contract very recently. I believe he is going to be one of the world’s best defenders. "He came here having played about 17 [senior] games. His growth and development has taken place here. I spent a lot of time talking with Wesley before we did this interview and he is really happy here. DON'T MISS...Chelsea transfer business 'baffling' as Boehly called out over mistakeArsenal given Werner transfer advice with two preferred options namedChelsea legend John Terry hung up on Koulibaly as shirt request made "Naturally, because of his talent, there is going to be interest in him - he will go on one day and become one of the world’s best centre-halves. But, at this moment, he is very calm, he is very happy, he is training very well, he loves the club, has great relations with all the staff and is in a very, very happy place." The report continues that Leicester are expecting an offer for midfielder Youri Tielemans before the transfer window closes on September 2. The Belgian has just 12 months on his contract and is not expected to sign a new deal. Arsenal and Manchester United have both been linked with Tielemans. Rodgers commented on the player’s situation: "It’s no different to what it was a number of months ago. The club has not had an offer. Youri is here with one year to go on his contract. "Like he always has been, he is the ultimate professional, a great player to work with. He hasn’t committed yet to a new contract here, but it doesn’t take away his commitment every day for the team."