Manchester United legend Roy Keane thinks his old side will finish above Arsenal this season. And that’s because he thinks that, with Erik ten Hag in the dugout, they can get themselves together. The former Republic of Ireland star does, however, think Tottenham are primed to challenge the rest of the Premier League title for supremacy this year. Few are tipping Manchester United to achieve anything this upcoming season, particularly after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. In response to that nightmare, the Red Devils have landed Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez from Feyenoord, Brentford and Ajax respectively. Arsenal, however, have pulled off major coups for Gabriel Jesus, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Fabio Vieira and Marquinhos. Many are backing Mikel Arteta’s side to finish higher than the Red Devils as a result. But United legend Neville, speaking at a Sky Sports Q and A session, is still backing his old side to outdo the Gunners. “I just think United, they’ve still got something,” he said. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “You look at Arsenal last season, getting plaudits for young players, they got themselves in a great position and blew it. “That’s what they did. They didn’t get the job done, they couldn’t step up to the plate. So again, they couldn’t back it up. “There is something still amiss with United, the Ronaldo stuff, they might get one or two deals in the next few weeks. “I still think, from a footballing point of view, forget money. If United can just tidy up that little mess over the next few weeks, what happens with Ronaldo if he’s staying or going, he’s going to have to bring goals. “They need to get one or two deals over the line. Gary, some deals do drag on all summer. “But if they can get it [De Jong[ done, United can be decent. But forget all this top two stuff, I think United should be able to compete with Arsenal, Chelsea and Spurs.” DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join One team Keane does think can do well this season, however, is Tottenham. Spurs have backed Antonio Conte to the hilt this term, bringing in seven players as they seek a maiden Premier League title. Richarlison is their costliest recruit, with the Brazil international moving from Everton in a huge £52million deal. Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic, Djed Spence and Fraser Forster have touched down from Brighton, Inter Milan, Middlesbrough and Southampton respectively. And Tottenham have also been able to bring in Clement Lenglet on loan from Barcelona. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Speaking about Spurs, Keane said: “The manager, the recruitment, I think Gary mentioned earlier about two world-class strikers, brilliant goalscorers. “If they stay fit Spurs have a great chance in terms of competing and doing better than Arsenal, Chelsea and United. “I think Tottenham can do it. They’ve got a brilliant manager, momentum at the club, recruitment - Spurs can usually drag their heels in the summer but they got their business done early. “Strength in depth. I think Spurs could have a brilliant season.” On what they’re lacking, Keane added: “Well I’d say the DNA of their club. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “For over the years they’ve been classed as a cup team and Tottenham let you down. “I was a Spurs fan as a kid and you look at them…but now the expectations, can they back it up. Can they step up to the plate, perform week in week out, and have a fantastic season?” Micah Richards took issue with this, however, and said: “I agree with what he was saying but with Champions League football, Kane and Son get injured they’re not the same. “Richarlison is not the same as Kane and Son. “They might win the odd game, Tottenham won the same picture against City on the opening day, but over the course of the season I’m not sure if they can sustain it.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here