We, each and every one of us, know a proper economic apocalypse is upon us. We do not need a masters in macroeconomics, we just need to do the shopping and notice milk has doubled, butter is now an unaffordable luxury, and of course the petrol to get there costs more than the food. And we are weeks away, days really, from full meltdown. In a few weeks when the sun stops shining and we put the heating on we'll notice our bills have doubled since this time last year. In January they will rise further. Every £100 you paid for energy last year will be £215. The typical bill for a household will reach almost £4,500 - or, if you prefer, almost half the state pension.So, to recap, gas and electricity will have doubled, petrol will have doubled and food will have doubled.Our wages, or benefits, will not have doubled.These things will happen: Old people will die, young families will go hungry, and I have a fancy there will be riots on the streets on a scale not seen since the Poll Tax. Welcome to Britain 2022: Poverty, death and fuel riots. And when this happens we will know exactly who to blame won't we? Liz Truss, Rishi Sunak and the rest of this second rate post-Boris Tory Party, fiddling while Britain burns, obsessed with a navel-gazing, undemocratic leadership election nobody asked for, for a Prime Minister nobody wants. It is simply jaw-dropping how little they appear to care. It is simply jaw-dropping how witless they have become. It is simply jaw-dropping how little they are doing to avert the car crash, the mass multiple pile-up, which is so surely coming.Britain has not faced a crisis this grave since 1939. The economic devastation about to be visited upon us will make the last big recession, during the fag-end of Jim Callaghan's reign and the start of Margaret Thatchers, look like a kids' tea party.And still this witless remnant of a Tory Party considers its current internal beauty contest more important than our lives. It isn't. It's not even that important to the Tory Party because, thanks to the current display of callousness, witlessness and grave, grave miscalculation, the next election has certainly been handed to Sir Keir Starmer. And Keir will have won the keys to No 10 by the genius political expedient of doing nothing. No-one can name an actual Starmer policy, nor anything faintly memorable he's done since taking over from Corbyn in 2019 - with the possible exception of that cheeky beer in Durham.But right now he feels like a safer pair of hands than anyone on the Tory side. Don't get me wrong, so would the average CBeebies presenter. Seriously, just put your voting habits to one side for a second and take a long hard look at Truss and Sunak. Does either look like a true leader of men and women? Someone who could unwaveringly steer Britain safely though the oncoming storm? No, me neither. For that, we probably needed Boris. Boris is currently whooping it up flying Tornados (though how he is managing with so many knives in his back is a mystery). The effective victim of a coup by his party and certain sections of the media, he could perhaps be forgiven for thinking 'it's your problem now' people. But we sorely need someone with his grasp of the bigger idea, someone bright enough and brave enough to think the unthinkable. And yes, up to an including taking back energy into public ownership. I'm not saying we should do it - I'm saying we should be examining it. A few weeks ago the German government put legislation in place allowing lightning seizures of energy firms - at roughly the same time France fully nationalised power giant EDF. Someone that side of the Channel knows what's about to hit us and is taking serious steps to mitigate. Us? We're having a political beauty contest, with Sunak and Truss rolled-out on TV seemingly every night like prize heifers at a county show.... bafflingly, as 99 percent of us have no say in this election.  As so many political commentators - even our own Eamonn Holmes - are warning, a storm is coming. Me, I think a scrap is coming too. The Don't Pay campaign, which was a blip on the political landscape a few weeks ago, now boasts 100,000 members. It's indicative not of some minor revolutionary faction but of rank-and-file Clapham omnibus Brits who've had enough. Not so much Don't Pay as simply Can't Pay. I can see this sentiment spilling out onto the streets - in exactly the same way as the Poll Tax so many people couldn't pay. Statistically most anti-Government riots happen at 29C. Temperature in Britain today, 29C. Just saying.