It comes after the 96-year-old monarch was advised to remain at her Balmoral residence in Aberdeenshire. The Queen would normally appoint prime ministers from Buckingham Palace but will instead meet them a day later at her estate in Scotland. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: "The Queen will receive Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Tuesday September 6 at Balmoral, followed by an audience with the new PM."  The decision was made to ensure the new Prime Minister's diary was confirmed. Her Majesty has been experiencing ongoing mobility issues and the decision was seemingly made to avoid last minute changes. But it appears the monarch is doing "well", as she has been spotted enjoying walks and picnics. Sky Scotland Correspondent James Matthews tweeted: "The Queen has been seen at Balmoral recently looking "remarkably well" according to observers, albeit with reduced mobility.  "Using stick on rough ground, but without whilst walking the corgis. Picnicking with lady in waiting at her mother's fishing lodge." The Queen now uses a walking stick on a regular basis and had to miss a number of events over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Her Majesty appeared briefly on the palace balcony during the four-day celebrations. In June, she was noticeably absent from the Royal Ascot for the first time since her coronation. READ MORE: Meghan's latest podcast episode savaged 'Disconnected from reality'  Prince Charles and William have been taking on more duties on behalf of the Queen. The Prince of Wales has reportedly been visiting the Queen often at her Balmoral residence. One royal expert said it is "highly unusual" for Prince Charles to be making a number of impromptu visits to his mother. Royal author Ingrid Seward told The Sun: "It’s highly unusual for Prince Charles to make these kinds of impromptu visits to see his mother.  DON'T MISS:Mystery as TWO Lion King stars deny speaking to Meghan at premiere [COMMENT]Lion King actor denies attending London premiere - Duchess 'faux pas' [INSIGHT]Queen's health woes make Meghan's podcast an 'embarrassment' [ANALYSIS] "But Charles is a very thoughtful person — and who else can she rely on now Prince Philip has gone? Everyone thinks they normally see each other all the time, but they don’t. "They often blame it on the geography because everyone is scattered all around the country." The Queen first sparked fears among royal fans on October 20, when she pulled out of a planned trip to Northern Ireland scheduled to mark the nation's centenary. At the time, Buckingham Palace said the monarch had been advised by her doctors to rest for a few days. 