Emmerdale supervillain Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) murdered three villagers during her tenure in the serial drama. The character was sentenced to 75 years in prison earlier this year for the heartless crimes she committed. Emmerdale bosses have hinted a murderer could be lurking around the Yorkshire Dales, but actor Jeff Hordley predicts there will not be a serial killer for another "five years". The 52-year-old actor exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk about the ITV soap's baddies over the decades. The most recent village psychopath was Meena who killed Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale), and Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon) over the past two years. She ended her time on the soap following a dramatic court case which led to her taking over the courtroom, announcing herself as the judge, and later revealing she had killed her father. Meena was given multiple life sentences for her heinous crimes and has not been seen on the soap since the verdict. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview When asked who could be Emmerdale's next supervillain, Jeff said: “Now that we have got rid of Meena I think you can only have villains like that once in a while. “It’s great when they come along but you might have to wait probably another five or six years before you see somebody of Meena’s villainess.” His co-star Katherine Dow Blyton, who plays Emmerdale police officer Harriet Finch, added: “It would be nice if the village was sort of a chirpy happy place for a while where nobody got murdered." She looked at Jeff and quipped: "Imagine that if you will, a happy soap.”  Soap bosses have promised some "spectacular" storylines this autumn to mark Emmerdale's 50th birthday. A ferocious storm is set to rip through the village and destroy everything in its path and some characters might not make it out alive. Producer Jane Hudson told Express.co.uk and other media: “It’s Emmerdale so there is usually a murderer lurking around the corner.” Could Meena escape from prison on the day of the storm and wreak havoc on the village?  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Liam Fox drops huge Dan Spencer storyline clue [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Chas and Al's affair exposed as Paddy discovers clue [INSIGHT]Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  [EXCLUSIVE] Speaking at the British Soap Awards, Meena actress Paige told The Metro: "Emmerdale has managed to escape prisoners before, so it could happen. "And if Meena did come back, I think that she would come back with a vengeance like we’ve never seen before. "She doesn’t like to lose," the star added. "And she has lost big time by going to prison." Paige said Meena would want to take down the entire village, including her sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker).  "So I think it could be really interesting if she did come back," she added. Could the sociopath escape from prison and continue her reign of terror across Emmerdale? Or will viewers have to wait several years before another serial killer sets foot in the village? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 