Droplets of spilled oil are almost impossible to spot on gravel driveways but they are hard to ignore on bricks, paving stones, and concrete. These pesky stains can occur for several reasons, though it is most likely to be residue from the gas, brake fluid, antifreeze, or transmission in your car. While an increasing number of oil stains is almost certainly bad news for your vehicle, getting rid of them from your driveway is a lot easier to deal with. Before making a start on cleaning your driveway, it is advisable to always seek professional advice for your vehicle if you are concerned about a build-up of oil spills on your property. Not only will this ensure that your car is safe to drive, but also prevent all your hard work from going to waste once you have managed to clean away nuisance stains. Common household products are your best bet for removing oil stains, and there’s a wide range of effective ingredients to choose from. READ MORE: ‘Simple changes’ to boost the ‘saleability’ of a home by up to £5k Cat litter, baking soda, laundry detergent, and even washing up liquid are all excellent tools for tackling oily residue, but the best results will come from using a mixture of both dry and wet ingredients. For fresh stains, start by soaking up the oily liquid using baking soda or cat litter. To do this, sprinkle a generous amount of your chosen dry ingredient over the spillage until it is covered. Leave the substance to absorb the oil for a few minutes before brushing it away and rinsing it with some clean water. After this step, it’s time to lather up the remaining oil with your soapy ingredients to cut through the grease and grime. Washing up liquid is best as it is specially formulated to dissolve oily and greasy substances on indoor items, and is just as effective on outdoor surfaces. Apply a small amount of dish soap or liquid laundry detergent directly onto the stain and scrub with a heavy-duty brush. Rinse the soap away and continue to repeat the process as many times as you need until the oily residue is no longer visible. DON'T MISS: Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £45k value to home [INSIGHT]Property sellers drop asking prices by £75k as housing market 'cools' [ANALYSIS]Mary Berry’s quiet life in desirable Oxfordshire town [INSIGHT] Don’t be afraid to clean stains vigorously, especially on concrete and asphalt which can easily withstand the intensity of a hard-bristled brush. The more elbow grease you put into it, the better the results will be. If you want to use a powder laundry detergent, mix it into a paste with some water and scrub it onto your driveway. Continue to apply the paste and rinse it away as soon as it becomes dirty from surface residue on the driveway. A nylon brush is best for the paste method, though you should use the same vigorous motion to really lift the oily stain.