Arsenal are interested in Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby, though may struggle to secure his signature this summer due to the player wanting to remain with the Bundesliga outfit and Leverkusen's huge price tag. The Gunners have already signed five players this summer but are in the market for a winger. The Gunners kickstarted their Premier League campaign in perfect fashion on Friday evening, beating Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park. Gabriel Martinelli opened the scoring for Mikel Arteta’s side in the 20th minute following a well-worked corner routine. Bukayo Saka then forced a defensive mistake from Palace defender Marc Guehi late on, who headed into the back of his own net from close-range, to ensure that Mikel Arteta’s side went home with all three points. Though the Spaniard is still not content with his current options. It is no secret that the Gunners are in the market for a winger before the transfer window slams shut, and Ben Jacobs of CBS Sports has reported that Diaby is a player that the club are interested in. The potential move is thought to be ‘one to watch’ in the coming weeks, though Arteta may struggle to persuade the Frenchman to make the move to the Emirates Stadium. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes Frenkie de Jong transfer declaration It is believed that the 23-year-old is happy to remain as a Leverkusen player, and the club themselves are also not keen to part ways with the forward. Therefore, Gerardo Seoane’s side have slapped a £55million price tag on the Paris Saint-Germain academy graduate. The valuation is certainly not out of the reach of Arsenal, though they may be keen to pursue a player that is wanting to make the move to the Premier League this summer. Newcastle have also shown an interest in Diaby previously, though his contentedness at Leverkusen led to them cooling their interest in the winger. READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea 'internally discuss offering midfielder' to Leicester in Wesley Fofana swap bidChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activity Speaking after the Palace victory, Arteta was asked whether his side were going to sign any more players in the coming month, to which he replied: “We are going to try. We have a few things going on now and if we get them it will be great – but for now, we have to work with the players we have.” Arteta handed Arsenal debuts to two of their summer signings against the Eagles, with former Manchester City duo Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko starting the opener. William Saliba was also given his long-awaited competitive debut, and he impressed. Speaking about his display, his manager said: “For William [Saliba], to ask him to come here in his first Premier League game away from home against this physical team is a big task and the way the boy played and the way he resolved every situation, he deserves a lot of credit, and I will pat his back because he was superb.”