Arsenal defender William Saliba has been issued an apology by former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara. The pundit doubted Saliba would be able to make the step up to the Premier League and called for the Gunners to sell him earlier this summer. O'Hara has also given a glowing verdict on Gabriel Jesus, labelling him the signing of the summer. But he has raised a concern over the player who followed him from Manchester City, Oleksandr Zinchenko. Saliba has started Arsenal's first two games of the season and has impressed in both outings. He scored an own goal in the 4-2 win over Leicester on Saturday but reacted strongly. Saliba had three loan spells away from Arsenal before finally making his competitive debut for the club at Crystal Palace earlier this month. And O'Hara says he has been proven wrong about the Frenchman, but says Zinchenko may not be the long-term answer at left-back. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist  The pundit said on talkSPORT: "I wasn’t sure of [Saliba] because he’d gone out on loan, I hadn’t seen him play loads. I was thinking maybe he wasn’t up to scratch to play for this team. “And I’ll apologise, I absolutely got that wrong. He is the real deal, what a signing. “What a player he is and I know that he’s young but he could be sensational. He’s still got things to work on, like his positioning, but he looks really, really good. “But Arsenal will concede goals, in the full-back areas you can get at them. I like Oleksandr Zinchenko but he’s not great one vs one so I think that will be an issue for them position wise. But going forward…” DON'T MISSEverton keen on three Chelsea stars as Tuchel closes in on GordonLiverpool star Nunez warned he faces five-match ban after Palace headbuttVieira gives Arsenal title verdict after Liverpool draw against Palace  Striker Jesus opened his Arsenal account on Saturday and Spurs fan O'Hara couldn't hide his admiration of the player. He added: “He’s part of everything they do, his build-up play is good. "You can stick it into him and he can hold it up, he’ll lay balls off, he works hard and defends for the team. He’s just got that something special in and around the box. "He’s got those quick feet, he’s got that quick mind where you can see an opportunity. To pull something like that out of the bag [his first goal], with no back spin, those are world-class attributes you’re showing at Arsenal. “He is the signing of the summer, absolutely. And it pains me to say that being a Spurs fan but he is absolutely brilliant. I love watching him play.”  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here