Liverpool icon Dietmar Hamann has defended Darwin Nunez for his headbutt on Joachim Andersen and has told fans that the Uruguay forward “just walked into” the Crystal Palace defender. Nunez was given his marching orders 57 minutes into his Anfield debut as the Reds were held to another draw in the Premier League. Nunez was handed his first competitive start for Liverpool on Monday night after coming off the bench to score a goal and assist another during his side’s 2-2 draw with Fulham at Craven Cottage last weekend. But his evening ended in dramatic fashion as he floored Andersen with his head after the Denmark international had pushed his arm and pointed in his face. The ex-Benfica striker is set to be banned for at least three games following the incident - but Hamann doesn’t think it was as bad as people are making out. “I think he just walked into him - it wasn’t even a headbutt,” Hamann told talkSPORT as he revealed his extraordinary theory. “I think he just walked into the defender, Joachim Andersen. If it was a proper headbutt I could understand it to extend the ban. But he just walked into him. Three games is enough.” READ MORE: Chelsea make 'fresh' Gordon bid as chat with Lampard comes to light    Liverpool were 1-0 down when Nunez was dismissed as Wilfried Zaha had nudged the visitors in front during the opening period. But the Reds’ 10 men fought back and drew level just after the hour mark courtesy of Luis Diaz’s scintillating solo effort. The Merseyside giants then pressed forward in search of a winner but were forced to settle for a share of the spoils as the Palace rearguard held firm. After the final whistle, Reds boss Jurgen Klopp admitted he would be speaking to Nunez following the headbutt and insisted the player would learn from his mistake. But Hamann believes Andersen’s reaction didn’t do the 23-year-old goalscoring machine any favours. DON'T MISS Gary Neville leaves studio in stitches with comment on Ten Hag Newcastle boss Eddie Howe ‘makes Chelsea ace his prime target’ Chelsea ‘discussing’ Anthony Gordon swap deal after failed £40m bid    “When I first saw it in real time I thought the defender maybe made a little bit more than it was,” the ex-Germany international added. “But obviously afterwards you saw that he hit him on the chin. I’m not sure whether there’s extensive force with his head. I think he just walked into him and yeah he shouldn’t do it. “Of course he let himself down and let his team down. And he didn’t help Liverpool even though after he was sent off they started playing better than with him.” 