Yellowstone is back on The Paramount Network in November as season five picks up after the events of the latest explosive finale. Kayce Dutton (played by Luke Grimes) warned his wife Monica (Kelsey Asbille) about some disturbing visions he was having. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where teacher and activist Monica was born. Monica Dutton was introduced in the first season of Yellowstone as the wife of Kayce and the mother of his child, Tate (Brecken Merrill). She was offered a job at a prestigious university, where she taught the students about the history of her people. Monica's ancestors had ended up on the Broken Rock Indian Reservation and she was born and had grown up on a ranch there. Her grandfather Felix Long (Rudy Ramos) is one of the Indian elders on the Reservation. By marrying Kayce, she brought the two opposing sides together but often finds herself stuck in the middle. READ MORE: Who plays Young Rip on Yellowstone? As a professor of American History, she would tell students her version of Columbus's arrival on the American continent. She used her job as an opportunity to highlight how her people were treated and rejected over the years. In the series, the Broken Rock Indian Reservation is near Bozeman and is governed by The Confederated Tribes of Broken Rock. As for actress Kelsey, the 30-year-old said her father is Chinese and her mother is from Columbia, South Carolina. She learned Mandarin Chinese so she could go on to play traditional Chinese characters. However, she found herself being cast in more Native American roles in 2017 and 2018. She claimed to be part Cherokee, but The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians has no record of her as a descendant. For some of her roles, she is credited as Kelsey Chow, taking her mother and father's surname. The Yellowstone actress opened up about season five of the Western melodrama as her character announced she was pregnant. Asbille told Cheatsheet: "I think it doesn’t necessarily mean it leads to a happy ending. DON'T MISS... Jamie Dutton Yellowstone: Where was Jamie born? [INSIGHT] Mo nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [EXPLAINER] Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [INSIGHT] “And so I think that, you know, listen, I think they’ve got to take it day by day. But they’re committed.” The star did not give too much away about whether there was a baby on the season five set. However, she said she was looking forward to having a baby bump in the new season. Fans of the series have mixed opinions about Monica, with many disliking the character. Kelsey admitted Monica had been through a lot over the first four seasons. She said season five felt like a breath of fresh air, so hopefully viewers will see a new side to her. Kelsey is known for her other roles in Pair of Kings, One Tree Hill and Teen Wolf. In 2012 she started dating British actor William Moseley. She has a younger brother, Forrest, and a younger sister, Kiersten.  Yellowstone returns to The Paramount Network with season 5 on November 13.