Worrying about how much energy bills will cost is a reality faced by millions of households across the UK right now, with a staggering 80 percent increase in the price cap scheduled to come into effect from October 1. While there are potential savings to be made when it comes to heating your home, changing the way you cook could also make a difference to your monthly bill. Switching oven-baked food for pan-fried meal is one way to speed up the cooking process, but is it really the cheapest method to use? According to the latest Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy data, average UK electricity prices per kwh were 18.9 p/kWh for 2021, but will be 52 p/kWh at the end of 2022. While gas is still cheaper than electricity per kwh, the time it takes to cook food in an oven rather than frying it in a pan makes a big difference to the cost. Speedy air fryers are widely known to be cheaper than oven-baking in most cases, but how does pan-frying fare against using the oven to heat your meals? READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients According to the Centre for Sustainable Energy, a 2000-22000W electric oven currently costs around 50-55p per hour to use, based on a unit rate of 25p per kWh. This cost will more than double once the new energy price cap comes into effect. In fact, the New Statesman reported that the cost of using an oven for one hour will soar to £1.04 from October 1. Compared to the cost recorded in October 2021, this is 150 percent more expensive for billpayers. Based on the same figures, pan-frying on a 1000-2000W electric hob or grill currently costs 25-50p per hour. According to the New Statesman, this cost will increase by around 62p under the new energy price cap, bringing the total charge for using your grill or hob to around £1 per hour. While pan-frying is more likely to save you money based on the reduced time it takes to cook, it could end up costing you around the same amount based on the efficiency of your appliances. Though the way you cook food can make the biggest difference to your energy bill, the type of appliances you have can make also impact the cost and should definitely be considered when the new price cap sets in. DON'T MISS:'Serious nuisance': 5 ways to stop squirrels from eating tomato plant [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [ANALYSIS]'Very valuable': Smart tech to add more than £2k to your home's value [REVEAL] On average, gas appliances are much cheaper to run than electric, as reflected in the latest Cornwall Insight figures. The data shows that on average, a gas cooker amounts to just 33p a day, or £120.83 a year. A part-electric, part-gas dual cooker will set you back 72p every day you use it, or around £264.03 annually. Based on these figures, it is generally best to quickly fry food on the hob if it is entirely gas-powered rather than a duel-fuel or electric oven to slowly bake it. However, one expert explained that induction hobs can actually be more efficient than gas, despite costing more per kWh. On average, gas appliances are much cheaper to run than electric, as reflected in the latest Cornwall Insight figures. The data shows that on average, a gas cooker amounts to just 33p a day, or £120.83 a year. A part-electric, part-gas dual cooker will set you back 72p every day you use it, or around £264.03 annually. Based on these figures, it is generally best to quickly fry food on the hob if it is entirely gas-powered rather than a duel-fuel or electric oven to slowly bake it. However, one expert explained that induction hobs can actually be more efficient than gas, despite costing more per kWh.