Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is working with sporting director John Murtough to recoup ‘significant funds’ by streamlining the Red Devils’ squad. Several players are expected to depart in the plans to sweep the squad in a process which will see the club’s wage bill dramatically reduced. Express Sport looks at which players could be at risk of leaving under Ten Hag’s plans. Alex Telles Alex Telles is a ‘big part’ of the clearout being undertaken by Ten Hag and Murtough, Goal report. The left-back has an uncertain future following the arrival of Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord, who has been signed to compete with Luke Shaw. signed from Porto for £15m in 2020, Telles’ United career has failed to take off. The 29-year-old is widely reported to be close to joining Sevilla on a season-long loan deal. JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand names three reasons Man Utd star can 'shut up' haters Aaron Wan-Bissaka It has been widely suggested that Ten Hag does not fancy Aaron Wan-Bissaka at right-back. While an excellent defender, the £50m man has failed to register the kind of attacking statistics that make the likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold, Andy Robertson and Joao Cancelo stand out. Ten Hag wants full-backs who can contribute at both ends of the pitch and there are question marks over whether Wan-Bissaka - who turns 25 in November - can do that. Palace have been linked with a reunion, while there is also reported interest from Atletico Madrid and Jose Mourinho’s Roma. Brandon Williams There was a time when Brandon Williams was one of United’s most exciting talents under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But the 21-year-old has since fallen down the pecking order on both sides of the defence. An unsuccessful loan at Norwich last season hardly helped his cause. Brighton have been linked with a move, although it is unclear if United will accept a permanent departure just yet. DON'T MISS...Man Utd view on Chelsea's Frenkie de Jong interest emergesMan Utd 'still convinced Frenkie de Jong wants transfer'Cristiano Ronaldo makes 'new transfer decision' after Man Utd return Eric Bailly The arrival of Lisandro Martinez has all but confirmed that Eric Bailly has no future at Old Trafford. He is now behind Martinez, Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof in Ten Hag’s thinking. Bailly is one of the players who the Red Devils are actively trying to sell but there do not seem to be many strong suitors. United will certainly not recoup anywhere near the £30m they paid to Villarreal in 2016. Phil Jones If even Bailly is not in Ten Hag’s thinking, then it is difficult to place exactly where Phil Jones stands. Injuries have ruined the United career of a player Sir Alex Ferguson once predicted would be one of the club’s “finest players”. Remarkably, the 30-year-old still has another year on his contract and the option of a further 12 months. It is incredibly unlikely that Jones will be at United in 2024, though, and will be allowed to move on. Interested parties have reservations over the former England man’s injury record. Amad A failed loan move to Rangers last season did Amad no favours. The 20-year-old joined United from Atalanta in a £35m deal two years ago but has not quite made an impact. Ten Hag might have been impressed by Amad’s performance against Rayo Vallecano at the weekend. The winger replaced Cristiano Ronaldo at half-time and scored United’s only goal in the 1-1 draw. However, with Ten Hag still keen to sign more forwards, Amad might need to make way. Another loan could be secured.