Cristiano Ronaldo has been advised to tear up his Manchester United contract and join Marseille on a free transfer by ex-Arsenal and Manchester City midfielder Samir Nasri. The Frenchman playfully suggested the wantaway United forward could form a fruitful partnership in the Ligue 1 outfit's attack alongside former United flop Alexis Sanchez. Ronaldo continues to face an uncertain future having made no secret of his desire to ditch the Red Devils this summer in order to satisfy his craving for Champions League football this campaign. However, despite the attempts of his agent Jorge Mendes, the Portuguese superstar has failed to find an escape route out of Old Trafford. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner has been linked with a whole host of top teams from around Europe this summer, but as of yet, no concrete offers are thought to have arrived for the 37-year-old, who is understood to have been snubbed by several of the continent's elite. With just over a week remaining of the transfer window and Ronaldo's future still unresolved, former Arsenal and Manchester City star Nasri has provided an unlikely "solution" to the striker's predicament. Speaking to Canal+ Sport, Nasri, who began his career with Marseille, said: “I have a solution for him. He can terminate his contract, they [United] give him half his year and in Marseille they make an effort, they give him something and he comes to play in the Champions League. A Cristiano Ronaldo-Alexis Sanchez attack looks good." DON'T MISS: Man Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learned The French outfit recently acquired ex-United and Arsenal forward Sanchez on a free transfer after the Chilean attacker was released early from his Inter Milan contract. Marseille have made a promising start to the season and currently sit third in the Ligue 1 standings having claimed two wins and one draw from their opening three matches of the new campaign. On top of that, the side from the south of France would also be able to appease Ronaldo's appetite for Champions League football this season. Marseille secured a spot in Europe's elite club competition for the campaign ahead having finished as runners-up to Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 last term. DON'T MISS...Frenkie de Jong shows his feelings on Casemiro to Man Utd transferMan Utd board’s meeting outcome as Murtough makes last De Jong pushAntony drops latest Man Utd transfer hint during Liverpool victory Ronaldo played just four minutes in United's shock 2-1 triumph over Liverpool on Monday night as the Red Devils claimed their first Premier League points of the Erik ten Hag era. The famed forward has cut a frustrated figure up front for United this season, but Ten Hag has insisted the striker remains part of his plans. Mendes is understood to have held discussions with Bayern Munich, Atletico Madrid and Chelsea over the possibility of a transfer. However, United are thought to have received no officials offers for the striker. Amid the impending arrival of Ronaldo's former Real Madrid team-mate Casemiro, there's a growing belief the iconic No 7 could remain at Old Trafford after all.