Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has previously said he would not play for one of his former clubs’ rivals in a sign that he might reject a transfer from Barcelona to Chelsea. The former Arsenal striker has been linked with a move to the Blues as Thomas Tuchel scrambles to strengthen his attacking options. Reports suggest Aubameyang could leave Camp Nou just seven months after joining the club. Barca need to trim their wage bill to allow £150million worth of summer signings to be registered with La Liga. Chelsea are keen to sign the Gabon international, who was sidelined by Gunners boss Mikel Arteta last December following a pattern of alleged misdemeanours. Tuchel wants another forward at Chelsea before the transfer window slams shut, despite signing Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. But Arsenal fans’ hopes of Aubameyang not joining a close rival will be boosted by the fact that he previously insisted he would not join Bayern Munich from Bundesliga foes Borussia Dortmund. When he was rumoured to be joining Bayern in January 2017, he said: "I’ll never go to Bavaria, that’s for sure. That would be too hard for the Dortmund fans," he said in January 2017. "No matter what they offer me, I would say no. Absolutely no way. JUST IN: Liverpool crisis deepens as Klopp learns Thiago injury extent "I’ve played for St. Etienne and the fans told me I should never go to Lyon. So I didn’t go." However, Aubameyang, who has scored 13 goals in 23 appearances for Barca, has previously gone back on his word about who he will play for. The 32-year-old once said he would only leave Dortmund for Real Madrid after promising his late grandfather he would play for Los Blancos. He now plays for Real’s fierce La Liga rivals despite saying while a Dortmund player: "The only club I would leave Dortmund for are Real Madrid. If they don't come calling, I don't leave. DON'T MISS...Taylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exitTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye Rabiot partner, De Jong's Chelsea chatDe Jong had telling 'transfer phone call' with Chelsea owner Boehly "My grandfather, the dad of my mum, always wished that I would play in Spain. Two years ago, when he died, I promised him that someday I will play for Real - and I work hard to reach that goal. "Real Madrid is my main goal but at the moment I like it in Dortmund. If there is a chance to go to Madrid, I will say immediately yes - but at the moment there is no contact." Chelsea could still complete several deals this month, including one for Aubameyang. They have been linked with Leicester defender Wesley Fofana and Aubameyang’s Barcelona team-mate Frenkie de Jong.