Sarah and Greg were looking for a traditional French cottage in Charente with a budget of £250,000. It soon became apparent that a big kitchen was the most important feature for Sarah, while Greg was keen to have a garage. After a few rejections, the pair admitted to A Place in the Sun's Jasmine they were "fussy". Before going inside the first property, Jasmine asked them to rate their excitement based on the outside and was disappointed and surprised when they only gave a six. The couple was after a four-bedroom property, and Sarah was eager to find a large French-style open kitchen. The two wanted a swimming pool or a house with the option to install a pool themselves. They were also keen to have outback space and a garage, and Jasmine had warned them they may be looking at places over their budget with such a specific list. When they got to the first property, a four-bedroom home with a huge garage, Jasmine was certain Greg and Sarah would instantly fall in love. READ MORE: Marriage’s Nicola Walker and Sean Bean discover 20-year connection "This is it then, our first property!" Jasmine commented as they stood outside the home. She asked the couple: "Tell me what you think of this?" "I like it," Greg replied enthusiastically before turning to Sarah and asking: "Do you like it?" "I do," she replied. "Totally different to what I imagined but I am not discounting it at all." "This property's full of surprises," Jasmine explained. "Four bedrooms upstairs, two bathrooms, two separate WCs, for you Greg a nice garage there!" Hoping to sway them further, she continued: "It's a massive three-car garage." "Oh gosh!" Sarah stated, while Greg simply remarked: "Right." "So... where are we on a scale of one to 10 for excitement?" Jasmine probed. DON'T MISS... Cliff Parisi signs up for new project away from BBC series [LATEST]Lenny Henry details changes to how comedians are treated [INTERVIEW]Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage [VIDEO] "I'd say about six," Greg confessed as Jasmine gasped and asked: "Six?! Is that all?" She went on: "Wait, I'm disappointed - only a six?" before adding she was "surprised by that". "Well, we haven't been in yet," Sarah pointed out. Jasmine added: "Do you want to know the price? Well, it's on the market for just under £251,500 - so it's pretty much on the budget. Shall we go and have a look inside?" The second property was preferred by the two but Jasmine realised the kitchen was going to be the deal-breaker. After a few more rejections, an exasperated Jasmine commented: "You two! What are you like?" "We are fussy," Greg admitted as Jasmine agreed: "You're making me work for this." However, the Channel 4 host eventually managed to impress the pair with her final property. Greg and Sarah asked Jasmine to put forward an offer of £270,000 on the final house. This offer was almost £30,000 lower than the asking price but the owner suggested a counteroffer of £285,000 which was accepted by the couple. “We found our dream house,” Sarah beamed, while Jasmine congratulated the successful house hunters. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 3pm on Channel 4.