The Duke of Sussex has filed a lawsuit against the Home Office over its refusal to let him pay for police protection while visiting Britain, after he stepped back as a full-time royal. Omid Scobie, who has written extensively about Harry and Meghan, accused the firm of “punishing” the prince. The Duke and Duchess lost their publicly-funded protection when the couple moved to America, before enlisting their own private security. His lawyers previously said his family are “unable to return to his home” because it is too dangerous, owing to the amount of threats he and Meghan receive. They argued his private US protection team does not have adequate jurisdiction in the UK, or access to UK intelligence information, which is “necessary” to keep his family safe. Since the move to the US, Prince Harry has only returned to the UK on a handful of occasions, including to reunite with his brother for the unveiling of a statue of Princess Diana in the Kensington Palace gardens last summer. READ MORE: Harry fears for Meghan over 'high number of threats' When the Duke and Duchess returned for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this year, they were reportedly given police protection for the duration of their stay. According to Mr Scobie, lawyers representing the Government’s Royal and VIP Executive Committee (RAVEC) argued the Duke’s security arrangements were “considered on a case-by-case basis”. Writing today (Thursday), he said that RAVEC “don’t [sic] appear to have a publicly visible and defined set of guidelines for this issue. “If they did then surely the sensitivities around Prince Andrew and his security arrangements would have come under immense scrutiny.” Prince Andrew continues to enjoy round-the-clock police protection, despite stepping back seemingly indefinitely after settling out of court with Virginia Giuffre earlier this year. In March, Express royal editor Richard Palmer said this arrangement was “under review”, following calls for the Duke of York to be stripped of his security detail. Mr Scobie commented that “it seems cruel in the extreme to allow Prince Andrew round-the-clock police protection but not the future King’s son. “It comes across as the Establishment punishing Harry, yet again, for breaking away from the Firm and sharing his experiences publicly.” DON'T MISS: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as wrong title used [REVEAL]Royal Family LIVE: Sussex Squad lauds 'Princess Meghan' - new honour [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'wants a clear-out' after latest 'big comeback' fail [SPOTLIGHT] The threat members of the royal family face on a daily basis was made crystal clear when an armed attacker broke into Windsor Castle on Christmas Day with the intention of killing the Queen. In February, Prince Harry’s lawyer, Shaheed Fatima QC, said he had “inherited a security risk at birth, for life” when he was born into the royal family. His legal representative added: “While his role within the institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family.” Ms Fatima told Mr Justice Swift: “This claim is about the fact that the Duke does not feel safe when he is in the UK given the security arrangements applied to him in June 2021 and will continue to be applied if he decides to come back. “It goes without saying that he does want to come back to see family and friends and to continue to support the charities that are so close to his heart. “This is and always will be his home.” The lengthy legal battle has dragged on for almost a year already, with papers originally being filed in September 2021. However, the Home Office is reportedly “refusing to blink” on the matter.