Millions of Samsung TVs have just received a game-changing update and it has nothing to do with watching films or viewing endless boxsets. This latest upgrade will allow owners to play hundreds of premium games without needing to pop to the shops and buy a PS5 or Xbox Series X. That's all thanks to the launch of Amazon's Luna service on Samsung tellies with this gaming platform featuring titles such as Assassin’s Creed: Valhalla, Far Cry 6, and Immortals Fenyx Rising for a small monthly fee. Until now, gamers needed another device, such as a Fire TV Stick, to play these games on the big screen but this update brings the fun to Samsung tellies without any fuss. It's a nice update but UK users will miss out for now. That's because, right now, Luna is only currently available in the US. That will hopefully change in the coming months although Amazon remains tigh-lipped about an international launch at this current time. READ MORE: Freeview rivals Sky Q with blockbuster free upgrade coming to millions of TVs Those lucky enough to live on the other side of the pond will find Luna as part of Samsung's Gaming Hub service. This new platform also lets user access games from other partners such as Xbox, NVIDIA GeForce NOW, Google Stadia, Utomik. To make things easier to play, the service includes Samsung's Gaming Hub controller passthrough technology, which allows gamers to play their Amazon Luna titles with a Luna Controller or with any other supported Bluetooth controller. “With Amazon Luna joining Samsung Gaming Hub, we are offering more choices than ever for players to jump into the games they love and to discover new ones,” said Mike Lucero, Samsung Director of Product Management for Gaming. “The Samsung Gaming Hub is an all-in-one destination for gaming and entertainment. With the addition of Amazon Luna, we now offer over 1000 games to play instantaneously on Samsung Smart TVs, making Samsung Gaming Hub the number one destination to stream games.” Hopefully, there will be more news on a UK launch soon so watch this space if you own a Samsung TV.