Freddie Slater (played by Bobby Brazier) will cause a stir when he turns up in Walford this autumn. EastEnders fans will see the teenager arrive on the scene as he attempts to forge a relationship with Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick), who he believes is his father. However, when he finally discovers the truth will he call on Little Mo (Kacey Ainsworth) for support? In upcoming scenes, Billy takes Honey Mitchell (Emma Barton) for a drink as the former couple bond. Later, Freddie arrives on the scene and engages in some haggling at Billy’s market stall before helping himself to one of Stacey Slater’s (Lacey Turner) burgers. Bobby Beale (Clay Milner Russell) spots Freddie by the tube where he is caught jumping the barrier. He takes pity on him and offers to cover the fare to stop Freddie from getting into trouble. Billy bumps into Freddie again and is about to call the police when he introduces himself as his son. Read more: EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits in pregnancy twist EastEnders fans will know Freddie was conceived when Little Mo was raped by Graham Foster (Alex McSweeney). Little Mo’s refusal to have an abortion led to the breakdown of her marriage to Billy, who struggled to bond with Freddie. Back in Walford, Honey storms out of The Vic after urging Billy to contact Little Mo. She demands he tell Freddie the truth about his biological father before he gets too attached. Later in the week, the day of Phil Mitchell’s (Steve McFadden) and Kat Slater’s (Jessie Wallace) stag/hen do arrives. Stacey comforts a hurt Freddie but it’s unclear at this point if Billy has told him the truth. At the end of the night, Stacey and Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) are concerned when they realise Freddie has gone. The pair head off to find him but could he be heading off to meet Little Mo? In a Q&A with Express.co.uk and other press, executive producer Chris Clenshall and actor Bobby opened up on Freddie’s arrival. Chris teased: “He comes because he thinks that Billy Mitchell is his dad but a lot of the audience will remember that story and will know the truth. It's not long before Freddie discovers Billy isn’t his dad.” DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Phil Mitchell flees country as he's exposed [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater uncovers Suki Panesar murder secret [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Linda Carter finds happiness with Walford resident [INSIGHT] Freddie will feel betrayed by his mother and the rest of the Slater clan when he realises he has been lied to his entire life. If Little Mo finds out that Freddie knows the truth, she may insist on seeing her son so she can explain herself. Will Little Mo turn up in Walford to try and repair her relationship with Freddie? The EastEnders star opened up on the emotional scene he was a part of with co-stars Perry and Emma. Bobby said: “That was a huge moment for me probably my biggest personal moment so far. “I had an emotional scene where there was grief, there was anger, there was just a lot of emotions and Freddie was very overwhelmed. “I had prepped but I hadn't really got into the emotion of Freddie so I decided to lock myself in my changing room just to get in the emotions of that and really feel the character in the scene and understand it. “I did the scene and I thought I smashed it a bit. I was overwhelmed with emotion to the point I was shaking. “It wasn't me it was Freddie I can't describe it other than I felt that I was acting. “After I finished I went around the corner so everyone else could finish the scene and as soon as they were done Emma and Perry got up and came around the corner to give me a big kiss and a cuddle. “It was so nice. I really appreciate stuff like that, I love stuff like that, I really value stuff like that so that was a big moment for me and they made sure I knew that I did well.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.