Meghan Markle's long-awaited Spotify podcast 'Archetypes' promises to dismantle a different label every week and this week's edition focused on the connotations that surround the term 'diva'. The Duchess of Sussex was joined by legendary singer Mariah Carey for this week's podcast, and there were four key takeaways from the episode. Meghan and Mariah discussed their experiences of being mixed race, and the Duchess said her race became a focal point when she started dating Prince Harry. Meghan Markle was the first mixed-race person to marry a senior British royal in centuries when the pair wed at St George's Chapel in 2018. Meghan said: "I think for us, it's very different because we're light skinned. You're not treated as a black woman. You're not treated as a white woman. You sort of fit in between. "I mean, if there's any time in my life that it's been more focused on my race, it's only once I started dating my husband. "Then I started to understand what it was like to be treated like a black woman. Because up until then, I had been treated like a mixed woman. And things really shifted." READ MORE: Royal with most expensive beauty regime named - costs £717  Mariah's parents divorced when she was young, and she spoke about her experience of growing up as a mixed race child on the podcast. She said: "I lived with my mom and we, we moved like 14 times. So I had nothing. No money, you know, nothing. "I would see these people on TV and their hair was, like, flowing in the wind. And that's why I always have the wind. I'm like, I'm going to have that. I'll have that! But it was, you know, I didn't fit in. I didn't fit in. "You know, it would be more of the black area of town or then you could be where my mom chose to live, were the more, the white neighbourhoods. And I didn't fit in anywhere at all." At another point in the podcast, Mariah also addressed witnessing her mother being a victim of violence and having to act as a "saviour" as a child.  Meghan's latest Archetypes episode featured several discussions about the 'diva' label, and Mariah discussed how she has embraced the label over the years. But at one point, Mariah explained how she thought the 'diva' label related to Meghan. Meghan said: "I think that's really important for people to remember that there might be this persona. And yes, the diva thing we can play into. I mean, it's not something that I connect to. But, it, for you it's been a huge part of your…". Mariah interjected: "You give us diva moments sometimes Meghan," to which Meghan laughingly replied: "What kind of diva moments do I give you?"  To clarify, Mariah said it was to do with the "visual", while Meghan acknowledged: "Oh it’s the look." The singer said: "A lot it is the visual because let’s say you didn’t have the visual...". Meghan replied: "See that's the thing, I associate it differently." Mariah explained: "I know, but let's pretend that you weren't so beautiful and didn't have the whole thing and didn't often have gorgeous ensembles. "You wouldn't get, maybe get as much diva stuff. I don't care. I'm like, when I can, I'm going to give you diva." DON'T MISS: 'Diana would never have left!' Paul Burrell in swipe at Sussexes [INSIGHT]Meghan STILL whines on Royal Family she was only member of for 5 mins [COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: 'Arrogant' Meghan 'one of most destructive' royals [LIVE]   In her final segment, Meghan addressed a previous moment where Mariah said she had "diva moments", and the Duchess said she "started to sweat a little bit". But she added: "When she said diva, she was talking about the way that I dress, the posture, the clothing, the quote-unquote, fabulousness as she sees it. She meant diva as a compliment. "But I heard it as a dig. I heard it as the word diva, as I think of it. But, in that moment, as she explained to me, she meant it as chic, as aspirational. "And how one very charged word can mean something different for each of us, it’s mind-blowing to me." You can listen to Meghan Markle's podcast 'Archetypes' on Spotify. 