The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met at St Andrews University in 2001, and dated for a brief period in the 2000s before breaking up. The Cambridges reconciled in 2008, and were married in 2010. TikTok user @danideeeee1, who posts “royal content” on the social media platform, shared a clip featuring photos of young William and Kate dancing. They posted the pictures with the caption “party hard, like normal young people”. It has received more than 537,800 likes on the platform, and has been viewed more than four million times. Many of the images shown of William and Kate in the viral video were taken in the early 2000s before the couple married in 2011.  Royal fans gushed about the rare look into the early days of Kate and William’s relationship. One image from the video shows Kate in the back of a taxi after a party taking a defiant image of the photographer with her camera phone. User @gloveastronaut said: “I love how kate took a photo of the paparazzi” Another user, @malacurica76, said the Duke and Duchess were “just like all young people”, and called it “nice and normal” how they enjoyed dancing. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate 'mortified' after Meghan's revelations More users heaped praise on the Cambridge candid pictures, with @squishgoes saying: “It’s nice to see them happy and relaxed.” User @real_gonzo was struck by Kate’s looks, and asked “does she even age?!” Another user, @odhran_oshea, jokingly said: “Looking at these pictures you could so imagine them on Made In Chelsea hahahaha” User @annameirgmj added: “couples that party together, stay together” Ellie Gonsalves, model, actress & Loreal Pro ambassador, also chimed in on the royal pictures, saying: “I hope they have a fun album of all these pics to look back on.” DON'T MISS Tory leadership LIVE: Truss and Sunak rocked by shock GE poll Prince Harry leaves royal expert 'sick and tired' with UN blunder GB News: Ex-Thatcher aide backs Truss but warns Sunak is 'weak-kneed' However, despite the snaps showing the fun sides of the royal, the late 2000s was a period where Kate and William briefly broke up. Royal author and former editor of Vanity Fair, Tina Brown, also noted in her book ‘The Palace Papers: Inside the house of Windsor, the Truth and the Turmoil’ how Kate was constantly under the spotlight wherever she went. She said: "Kate was relentlessly pursued in London. She was hounded when she left her Chelsea apartment in ways reminiscent of the harassment of the young Lady Di.” This included an incident in October 2007 where in "a horribly ironic echo of the past" the paparazzi "gave chase" to the couple's car "as Kate left a nightclub with William." It comes after William and Princess Charlotte cheered on the England Women’s team on Sunday. In a video posted online William said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck tonight. “You've done amazingly well in the competition and we're rooting for you all the way." He was accompanied by his seven-year-old daughter, Princess Charlotte, who added: "Good luck. I hope you win!" The Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 in extra time, winning England’s first major football tournament since the 1966 Men’s World Cup final.