Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has told team-mates in the dressing room he’d rather join Chelsea than Manchester United, according to reports in Spain. The Netherlands international has emerged as a target for the Blues as they look to win the Premier League title. And Erik ten Hag’s side remain hopeful of securing his signature, though appear to have their work cut out at the current moment in time. While Barcelona have repeatedly insisted they want De Jong to stay, the brutal reality is they may have no choice but to let the Netherlands international go. The Catalan giants need to balance their books so they can register new recruits such as Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. And though Barcelona would keep De Jong if he’s willing to take a pay cut, there seems to be no indications the 25-year-old is prepared to do that despite his desire to stay at the Nou Camp. Manchester United have been frontrunners for the former Ajax star all summer, with Erik ten Hag previously managing the midfielder over in Amsterdam. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Chelsea have, however, emerged as genuine rivals for De Jong in recent days. And Mundo Deportivo say De Jong has told players at Barcelona that he’d prefer to move to Stamford Bridge rather than Old Trafford. However, his preference is still to stay with the La Liga giants - having been at the club ever since his arrival from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. The publication says Barcelona are now seriously considering keeping hold of De Jong, despite their previous intentions to cut the player loose. They feel the Netherlands international can be the perfect long-term replacement for Sergio Busquests who, at the age of 34, is approaching the twilight years of his career. Xavi himself would also like to keep hold of De Jong, preferring to have the 25-year-old in his squad than rumoured targets such as Ruben Neves and Carlos Soler. And Barcelona’s hopes of landing Bernardo Silva have been dealt a blow, too, with Manchester City apparently set to demand a higher fee than originally thought. Should De Jong move to Chelsea instead of United, however, he’ll become the latest player to turn down Old Trafford in favour of Stamford Bridge. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join The Blues have hijacked United on five players over the years, starting with Arjen Robben back in the summer transfer window of 2004. The PSV Eindhoven winger at the time had agreed to join United, saying Old Trafford was the ‘only place’ he wanted to play his football having been impressed by the club’s project. But he ended up moving to Chelsea instead, much to Sir Alex Ferguson’s dismay. It was a similar situation with John Obi-Mikel, too, with the Nigeria international actually unveiled in United’s colours. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. He then realised he’d made a mistake, however, and joined Chelsea after being won round by Jose Mourinho - insisting he hadn’t opted to join the Red Devils of his own ‘free will’. United lost out to Chelsea on Eden Hazard in 2012, with the former Lille star choosing to strut his stuff at Stamford Bridge and to play for the ‘Champions League winners’. And Pedro and N’Golo Kante have both joined the Blues over the Red Devils in the years since Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Meanwhile, Xavi was asked about De Jong after Sunday’s 6-0 win over Pumas in the Joan Gamper Trophy. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And he said: "Frenkie already knows my position and that of the club, for me he is a great player. “I don't know what will happen to Frenkie de Jong. "Until August 31, anything can happen.” With United struggling to get a deal for De Jong over the line, Adrien Rabiot has emerged as a shock target. A fee with Juventus has reportedly been agreed, though the Red Devils are yet to iron out personal terms with the player’s mother and agent, Veronique. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here