Nick Kyrgios has admitted that he doesn’t want to finish the pre-US Open swing with any regrets after upsetting top seed and defending champion Daniil Medvedev in Montreal. The world No 37 has cemented himself as an early favourite for the final Grand Slam of the season but isn’t rushing ahead just yet. Kyrgios is unbeaten so far in the North American hard-court swing, winning the doubles in Atlanta before picking up both the singles and doubles trophy in Washington last week. The Australian is now through to the Montreal third-round after clinching his second career victory over a world No 1, and has proven that he is a big contender for the US Open. But the 27-year-old is refusing to save himself solely for Flushing Meadows, and is keeping his mind on the current duo of Masters 1000 tournaments in Canada and Cincinnati over the next two weeks. “These two weeks in Canada and Cincinnati I plan to use up everything I have in the tank,” he said, after sending the defending champion packing. “It will be two important weeks. I've already played in the finals in Cincinnati, I'm confident.” While Kyrgios knew he was cementing himself as a favourite at the US Open, he said he would regret not giving it his all at the Masters events - especially if things didn’t go to plan in New York. JUST IN: Medvedev makes Djokovic US Open ban feelings clear with rivals comment  He continued: “Still, there's no guarantee of having a great two weeks at the US Open, even if I feel good. I'm going one day at a time. I don't think too far ahead. Because if I lose in New York, I will regret that I didn't give everything in those two weeks.” And Kyrgios wasn’t buying into the idea that his win over the world No 1 was significant, having already notched a win over a top-ranked player when he was just 19, upsetting Nadal at Wimbledon as a wildcard ranked at world No 144 and proving himself against the Big Three multiple times since. DON'T MISS Roger Federer surprises fan in touching moment after five-year promiseAlcaraz's brutal admission after blowing match point in Montreal lossZverev fires double US Open threat to Rafael Nadal with injury wish  “You guys act like I haven't already beaten number one before this,” he said. “I already beat Roger, Novak and Rafa. Even if I lose five matches in a row, I will always believe that I have a chance against anyone.”  The Aussie will now take on his compatriot Alex De Minaur for the first time, hoping to achieve a career-best result in Canada. The world No 37 has never been beyond the third round, and his only appearance at this stage of the tournament came all the way back in 2015. 