New research by Club Med has found the world’s happiest holiday destinations. The team looked at the crime index, safety index and pollution index to find the happiest spots. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade Bali in Indonesia was ranked as the happiest holiday destination in the world. The country has a low crime rate and is a cheap holiday spot. The average cost of a beer is £2.45 in Bali while the country also has a huge range of spas and wellness centres. It’s also the perfect holiday destination for Britons who want to get out and enjoy a stunning natural environment. The gorgeous Indonesian island is known for its top-rated beaches and incredible scenery. One of Bali’s best-rated beaches on Tripadvisor is Kelingking beach, a cove sheltered by cliffs. A visitor wrote: “This is a beautiful spot! Great for photos and popular on Instagram.” Another said: “This is the best part of Bali without a doubt. Your trip to Bali is incomplete if you don’t visit this beach. “Park your bike, walk until you find a viewpoint and your mind will be blown with the views. Beautiful place.” READ MORE: Portugal issues travel warning affecting thousands - 'avoid flying' The second happiest destination in the world was Las Vegas, although unlucky gamblers may disagree. The city was one of the best ranked destinations for LGBTQ+ tourists and is the perfect place for an adventure. It might be the world’s top gambling holiday spot but Las Vegas also has plenty to offer nature-loving tourists. Visitors can explore the nearby desert landscape or take a helicopter ride to admire the region’s scenery. Barcelona was Europe’s happiest holiday destination and ranks highly when it comes to safety. Amsterdam also made the top five and was recently named the safest city break for solo women travellers. Budapest also made the top 10 rankings and is one of the cheapest happy destinations with a beer costing just £1.49 on average. The USA had three destinations in the rankings with New Orleans and San Francisco joining Las Vegas in the top 10.