The regulations, as set out by UK Parliament in the Sunday Trading Act 1994, mean that large shops cannot open for more than six continual hours between 10am and 6pm on Sundays. However, whilst most people are used to the rules, some have slammed the "outdated" law, suggesting it wrongly upholds religious traditions that view Sunday as "a day of rest". One person, keen to start a debate about the matter, sparked an explosive row when asking Reddit users to share their opinions. According to the Mirror, a post shared to the forum AskUK - titled "Do you think the ban causing shops to only be open for 6 hours on Sunday should be lifted?" - has been inundated with thousands of responses in the days since it was published. Several people blasted the "outdated" rule. "It's an outdated joke that has no relevance in the modern world," wrote one man. The post's writer also suggested they expected some might hold this opinion, pointing out our society is moving "closer to 24/7 lifestyles with different work hours" while "the government becoming more secular".    Many others also criticised the idea, noting "plenty of staff do work Sundays, stocking shelves and in the warehouses, fulfilling online orders etc.... It's only really the extra staff needed for tills that aren't needed in those extra Sunday hours." However, many people came to the rule's defence. One person even suggested it helps businesses, writing: "Having worked a Sunday for years in a supermarket know that many like closing early as gives chance for good restock after busy couple of days and is twice as quick to restock." And others said the regulation must stay in place to protect those who live near large shops. "It's for the local residents to not get woken up at 5am by massive delivery trucks and unloading pallets and cages of stock," said one man.  A second added that a shop near him once requested to deliver on Sunday mornings but was turned down by the council for the same reason. "The right for residents to have a peaceful Sunday outweighed business need," he added. 