The InterNations Expat Insider survey asked expats around the world to rank their home based on several important factors. When it comes to the cost of living one destination stands out as the most expensive. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 'Cheeky' trick to travel with extra items New Zealand topped the rankings as the most expensive country in the world for British expats. One expat told the survey: “The cost of living is too high here in comparison to the salaries.” Another said there was a “growing divide between the rich and poor” across New Zealand as the cost of living rose. Almost half of the expats surveyed in New Zealand felt their disposable income wasn’t enough to lead a comfortable life. Just over three in 10 expats were unhappy with their financial situation in New Zealand with many struggling for extra cash. Although the price of property has fallen over the last month in New Zealand, home ownership remains out of reach for many. The average price of a house in New Zealand is NZ$810,000 (£428,952) with Auckland the most expensive place to live. New Zealand is one of the world’s safest countries and many expats thought the environment was beautiful. READ MORE: Ryanair strikes in Spain: Affected airports and destinations The majority of expats choose to live in one of the country’s major cities such as Auckland and Wellington. However, cheaper spots include Rotorua and Waikato on North Island where property is much more affordable. Retired residents tend to favour The Bay of Plenty which enjoys a stunning micro-climate all year round. Average summer temperatures are in the mid 20s and there are over 2,200 hours of sunshine per year. Scottish expats might like to try out the lifestyle in Dunedin, which is known as the Edinburgh of New Zealand. Dunedin has affordable housing and a lot of old-world charm with some top-rated restaurants and bars. The cheapest country in the world for British expats is Vietnam with Mexico a close second. Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia and India also ranked well when it came to the average cost of living for British expats.