Italy is heading to the polls on September 25 after Mario Draghi's government collapsed last month. The frontrunner at the moment seems to be Giorgia Meloni, leader of the far-right party Brothers of Italy. Ms Meloni, the most eurosceptic of the candidates, will run in a pre-election coalition with Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia and Matteo Salvini's League. The group is so far projected to win almost 60 percent of the votes. But despite her reputation as a sympathiser for fascist dogmas and principles, Ms Meloni is not expected to be able to free Italy from European dictation. According to author Thomas Fazi and policy adviser Paolo Cornetti, "Italy is no longer a democracy". Writing of Unherd, they said: "[Italian] governments, regardless of who gets elected, have little choice but to go along with what Brussels and Frankfurt say." They continued: "This became apparent during the Five Star Movement-Lega government. "First, President Mattarella vetoed the economic minister proposed by two parties due to his euro-critical stance, forcing them to opt for a more status quo-friendly choice; then the executive found itself on a collision course with Brussels over a minuscule budget deficit increase, which eventually compelled the government to back down. "Or one could go back to the even more dramatic events that led to Berlusconi’s resignation in 2011, when the European Central Bank, led by Draghi, engineered a sovereign debt crisis in order to force Silvio Berlusconi to leave office in favour of technocrat Mario Monti. "To put it starkly, Italy is no longer a democracy — it’s an appendage to the EU empire. There’s really no other way of describing a system where democratically unaccountable institutions, such as the European Commission and ECB, are able to arbitrarily decide the policies of elected governments or even forcibly remove them from office. So citizens can hardly be blamed for thinking that voting is, ultimately, pointless." Should Ms Meloni become Italy's next prime minister, the two authors predict a closer alliance with Hungary's Viktor Orban and Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki. READ MORE: Another Russian base up in smoke after explosion – Putin reeling  They wrote: "Across Europe, opposition to the EU isn’t couched so much in terms of the bloc’s economic policies but of its encroachment upon the “diversity” of the European peoples. This puts Meloni’s Brothers of Italy up there with all major European Right-wing parties — Viktor Orbán’s Fidesz, Poland’s governing Law and Justice or Austria’s Freedom Party — none of which openly challenge the EU’s economic architecture, but mostly focus their criticism on the bloc’s threat to European cultural and religious traditions." Whereas the right is presenting a united front at the election, left-leaning and centrist parties have failed to join forces, drastically reducing their chances of success. A study last week based on the latest polls showed the right is on track to win a broad majority in both houses of parliament. DON'T MISS:Russia now 'on defence' as Ukraine puts Putin’ on back foot [VIDEO]Russian tank 'sent into space' by extraordinary Ukraine missile strike [INSIGHT]Brexit LIVE: Fury as BREXIT blamed for sewage scandal [LIVE BLOG] While the right's programme presented this month centred on tax cuts and curbs to immigration, Italy's centre-left Democratic Party (PD) focuses on increasing welfare benefits and civil rights. "We want to increase net salaries by (the equivalent of) an extra month" per year, the programme said. This would be done by the state paying welfare contributions now charged to workers, with the scheme funded through a crackdown on tax evasion. The PD also pledged to introduce a minimum wage and pass a labour reform similar to one adopted in Spain, which would reduce the scope for temporary contracts.