Children’s savings accounts provide a great opportunity to put money away for a child’s future, and there’s a variety of accounts to choose from offering different benefits. With the Bank of England having recently increased interest rates to curb soaring inflation rates, many will be looking to open up a savings account. Rising Bank of England interest rates tend to be most beneficial to savers, as with higher interest rates, a higher additional percentage is paid into the account for the given-sized deposit. That said, inflation is currently at a 40-year high, with many seeing their cash losing spending power. As with general, adult accounts, parents can sign their child up for a similar variety, including fixed-rate bonds, regular savings, and easy access. To decide which one is most appropriate, it all depends on short or long-term goals. READ MORE: HSBC increases interest rates on savings account  However, like with all accounts, some offer higher interest rates than others. Moneyfacts has pulled together a mix of the top 10 available right now. Topping the list in first place is Buckinghamshire BS’s Fixed Rate Bond (Issue 163) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 3.35 percent. A minimum of £1,000 is required to open the account and interest is fixed and paid yearly. Placing second on the list is HSBC’s MySavings account with an AER of 3.25 percent.  The minimum age to open the account is seven and interest is paid monthly. Third on the list is another HSBC account, HSBC Premier MySavings, with an AER of 3.25 percent. Parents can open the account if they're already a Premier customer with as little as £10. Interest is also paid monthly, however, this account comes with additional benefits. Both HSBC accounts come with a free money box when opened, as well as a free sticker activity book to help those aged seven to 10 understand money.  DON'T MISS: first direct increases interest rates and launches £175 offer [INSIGHT]Money saving tips: Mum shares 12 saving hacks to help this summer [EXPLAINED]Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts [ANALYSIS]     Ranking fourth is the Kent Reliance Two Year Fixed Rate Bond (Issue 94) with an AER of 3.06 percent. This account is a two-year bond, which will accumulate a higher rate of interest. The minimum deposit to open this kind of account is £1,000.  Fifth on the list is another Kent Reliance account, Demelza Children's Savings Account (Issue 7), with an AER of 3.05 percent. People can open this account with £10 and withdrawals are permitted without notice or penalties, and once a year, Kent Reliance will donate 0.25 percent of the total average annual balance to Demelza Hospice for Children. Sixth on the list of top children’s accounts is the State Bank of India’s Jumbo Junior Fixed Deposit account with an AER of 3.05 percent. This account is also a two-year bond and the minimum deposit to open it is £1,000. Ranking seventh is another State Bank of India Jumbo Junior Fixed Deposit account with an AER of 3.05 percent, but this one is a three-year bond. Interest for this account is calculated and compounded annually. In eighth place is Santander’s 123 Mini Account (in Trust) with an AER of three percent. There is no minimum deposit required to open, nor a minimum age, and interest is paid monthly.  Placing ninth is State Bank of India’s Jumbo Junior Fixed Deposit account with an AER of 2.8 percent. This account is a one-year bond and like the previous two, savers need a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open. Last but not least is Kent Reliance’s One Year Fixed Rate Bond (Issue 100) with an AER of 2.79 percent. Savers need a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open the account and withdrawals and early closures are not permitted during the account term. 