British Airways has decided to pause the sale of flights to domestic and European destinations from London Heathrow airport for two weeks. How will this affect your summer holidays? Heathrow, as well as other airports across Britain, has been struggling to cope with capacity in the last few months due to a shortage of staff. London Heathrow recently told airlines to limit the number of tickets they sell over the summer months. This was to avoid hour-long queues, baggage delays and cancellations which have been severely disrupting passengers these last few weeks. The airport also limited the number of passengers departing each day to 100,000. READ MORE: Flight attendant warns passengers against using part of their seat The passenger restriction is set to remain in place until September 11. Heathrow said this decision was taken “in the best interests of passengers” to provide “better, more reliable journeys this summer”. Now, British Airways has decided to suspend the ticket sale to all UK and European destinations until August 15. BA said in a statement: "As a result of Heathrow's request to limit new bookings, we've decided to take responsible action and limit the available fares on some Heathrow services to help maximise rebooking options for existing customers, given the restrictions imposed on us and the ongoing challenges facing the entire aviation industry." Therefore, at the time of writing, the only affected airport is London Heathrow, British Airways' biggest base. Passengers should note that cancellations are not expected because of the sales restriction as existing bookings will not be affected. However, those who were planning to book flights from Heathrow airport in the next two weeks will not be able to do so and will need to find an alternative airline and route to get to their destination. Aviation consultant John Strickland warned flights over the next week will likely be full, leaving "almost no room to manoeuvre to rebook passengers" in case further cancellations or delays take place. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip "It therefore has little choice but to take seats off sale to protect for this eventuality and sacrifice last minute high price ticket sales," he explained. The British Airways suspension was initially announced until August 8, but it was later extended to August 15. Heathrow said it was happy the airline had followed the request. The airport explained: "We are pleased to see action from British Airways, acting responsibly and also putting passengers first.” According to travel experts, BA's ticket sales suspension will affect flight prices. Flights from Heathrow to Barcelona this week start at £650, while the same flight the following weekend costs £295, according to Skyscanner. Flights from Heathrow to Frankfurt cost around £553, but they sell for half the price the following week. Passengers are advised to always check their flight status before heading to the airport. 