While finding a mattress to accompany your needs is vital to getting a good night's sleep - the process of how to clean a mattress similarly plays a part in achieving the perfect slumber. But while many people consider using shampoo to clean a mattress, experts have warned against using this shower staple on this bedroom essential. This is what you need to know before giving your mattress a refresh, according to the experts. Karen Yu from Zinus said: “In some cases, hair shampoo is recommended as a replacement for laundry detergent for clothes, [but] I wouldn't recommend it when it comes to cleaning a mattress for a few reasons.” Karen warns that shampoo lacks the chemical makeup required to clean a mattress and keep it in good condition. However, the problems don't end there. READ MORE: Use certain coloured lighting to ‘repel’ mosquitoes from homes She continued: “Shampoo can also leave a soapy residue that can attract dirt and dust if not properly removed. “It might make your mattress smell nice, but there are other cleaning methods and products that will make a greater impact on keeping your mattress in good shape.” Similarly, Susan Miller, an expert from Sleep Mattress HQ reinforced Karen's warning. She cautioned: “Using shampoo for deep mattress cleaning is not recommended. DON'T MISS: ‘Always’ follow ‘25% rule’ when harvesting lettuce for healthy growth [EXPERT]'Instant money-saver' Swap your oven for popular kitchen appliance [INSIGHT]Laundry: Easy way to get rid of yellow stains from white clothes [TIPS] This is because “any harsh chemical in the cleaning agent can be damaging to the mattress” and may leave homeowners needing to invest in a new one. Although hair shampoo can be picked up from Sainsbury’s for as little as 69p, homeowners can clean their mattresses better while saving money by using baking soda or white vinegar instead. What’s more, baking soda only retails for 55p in Asda, with white vinegar costing 29p. Your mattress is one of the many furnishings you can clean with vinegar along with bicarbonate of soda and a paste from lemon juice and salt spray, as recommended by Byron Golub, Director of Product and Merchandising at Saatva. READ MORE: ‘A cost-effective way’ to ‘revamp’ a bedroom - ‘changes look and feel’ However, when it comes to cleaning your mattress, prevention is, in many ways, better than a cure. Karen suggested: “Using a mattress protector can help to protect against mattress stains.” However, you can also use a vacuum to eliminate any threat of dust mites and other pests that may nest in your bedroom. While using shampoo to deep wash a mattress is not a popular solution amongst the experts, there are other ways to ensure your furnishing remains stain-free. Many of these are listed in our guide, but Susan suggests another shampoo alternative. She recommended, “an enzyme-based cleaner” that is especially impactful on a memory foam mattress. This method will eliminate odours and leave mattresses looking (almost) as good as new. Similarly, Karen suggests that baking soda is a great cleaning alternative. She said: “It's a versatile cleaning ingredient, and it can be one of the best ways to clean a mattress and remove unpleasant stains.”