Manchester United head coach Erik ten Hag could make drastic changes to his team as they attempt to win their first points of the season against Brentford on Saturday. The Red Devils suffered a disastrous Premier League opening day defeat by Brighton last week, and Ten Hag could be tempted to drop several underperforming stars. Here is how Express Sport thinks United should line up, including four changes to the team that was beaten 2-1 by Brighton. Goalkeeper: David de Gea Long-serving goalkeeper David de Gea is undoubtedly United’s No 1 shot-stopper, especially with such little competition at Old Trafford. Dean Henderson has departed on loan to Nottingham Forest, leaving Tom Heaton as the second choice between the sticks. There have been some reservations about De Gea’s ability to play the ball out from the back. Distribution is certainly not the strongest part of the Spaniard’s game. However, he will continue to be the regular goalkeeper. JUST IN: Man Utd icon Lou Macari fires off-script rant slamming Adrien Rabiot Defenders: Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Lisandro Martinez, Tyrell Malacia Ten Hag has to do something with his defence and it seems unlikely that he will drop either Harry Maguire or Lisandro Martinez despite the former admitting that they were not quite on the same wavelength against Brighton. So the new head coach could instead change both full-backs - after all, both of Brighton’s goals came from unmarked runs to the back post. Aaron Wan-Bissaka could be given a final chance to impress Ten Hag, who is believed to harbour doubts over the former Crystal Palace man’s output in the final third. Tyrell Malacia could earn a debut at left-back in place of Luke Shaw. DON'T MISS...Barcelona 'approach trusted agent' in astonishing De Jong twistMan Utd chiefs and Erik ten Hag disagree on Chelsea's Hakim ZiyechMan Utd may be growing confident over De Jong as starlet decision made Midfielders: Christian Eriksen, Scott McTominay, Donny van de Beek United’s midfield was heavily scrutinised after last weekend’s defeat. Club icon Paul Scholes took to social media to demand that the likes of Scott McTominay and Fred get on the half-turn in order to better bring the attackers into the game. Ten Hag could tinker with his midfield. McTominay seems likelier to keep his place than the underwhelming Fred, with the Scotland international to be tasked with anchoring the midfield behind two No 8s. Bruno Fernandes was poor against Brighton and could be a big-name exclusion. Christian Eriksen started the Brighton defeat as a false nine in a tactical experiment that failed to work. The former Brentford man could drop into midfield against his old employers, alongside Donny van de Beek. Attackers: Jadon Sancho, Cristiano Ronaldo, Marcus Rashford Wide-ranging reports have claimed that Cristiano Ronaldo is pushing for a first start this weekend, despite being keen to leave the club before the September 1 transfer deadline. The Portuguese was an early second-half substitute against Brighton and is likely to be closing in on full match fitness. Marcus Rashford has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain this week and Ten Hag might have considered resting the 24-year-old had Anthony Martial been available. Rashford could play wide of Ronaldo alongside Jadon Sancho.