Princess Leonor finished her first year at UWC Atlantic College, in Wales, this summer. The private school located in the Vale of Glamorgan, in the south of Wales, is a luxurious campus with 50 hectares of forests and private access to the sea. UWC Atlantic College is in St Donat’s, a 12th-century castle which was once owned by American businessman William Randolph Hearst, also known for being the inspiration for the film Citizen Kane. It is reported over 300 students from over 80 different countries aged between 16 and 19 are currently studying at Princess Leonor's school. She is not the only royal, however, as Princess Alexia, Queen Maxima and King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands’ daughter, is also studying at the institution. The school has several food halls, assembly rooms, and an interior pool. READ MORE: Meghan & Harry’s Jubilee body language gave away their true ‘focus’  The website explains that accommodation for students includes “dormitory-style bedrooms for four students, modern bathrooms complemented by bright, attractive study areas, day rooms and kitchens”. It is believed Princess Leonor shared a room with three girls from different countries, the Spanish newspaper 20 minutos reported. Outside, students can enjoy a Tudor-style garden, an exterior pool and a private outdoor cinema. The school's impressive outdoor cinema is probably one of the students' favourite activities, which they can enjoy when the weather allows.  Musical events, theatre plays, and the Christmas annual party are also hosted at the castle every year. Students can opt to join a number of extracurricular activities, including tennis, Zumba, Tai Chi, and natural fitness. The school shared a picture on social media explaining: “These are some of our students who have selected Tai Chi as one of their extra-curricular activities. "Tai Chi is a great way to practice a new activity and to reap many health and wellness benefits." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Natural fitness is also offered as an outdoor activity and consists of running barefoot around the campus. The website explained: "At UWC Atlantic, we are lucky to have such an expansive campus, which gets fully utilised by the natural fitness activity. A common activity for the session is to go on barefoot runs around the campus, across the fields and through the woods. "This really helps students make a connection with the environment. They also regularly utilise the seafront area, doing press-ups on the shoreline or carrying big pieces of wood that have washed up to the land." Other activities include gardening, potting and kitting. The school's website states: "The knitting creative activity is a chance for students to relax, develop a new skill and maybe even knit something nice to keep themselves warm in the cold Welsh weather! "The group meets in the Moondance Sports Hall cafe, making the most of the comfy sofas there. Knitting is a very mindful activity (once you've got the hang of it!), so all the students thoroughly enjoy and feel relaxed after a session." The Spanish Royal Family shared photographs of Princess Leonor on the first day she joined the Welsh school but her privacy has been respected since. Before moving to Wales, Princess Leonor attended the public school Santa María de los Rosales, in Madrid, with her sister Infanta Sofia.