The Asda White Lasagne Sauce is being withdrawn from the supermarket's shelves because of a possible microbiological contamination risk. Customers are urged to return the product to their nearest store. Asda White Lasagne Sauce Pack size 480g Best before date February 3, 2024 READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips  The affected products have been sold at Asda stores in the North West of England, North Midlands and North Wales with barcode number 505407064998. The Food Standards Agency warned: "This product may contain microbiological contamination and could be unsafe to eat." Customers should note, however, that Asda has recalled the product from the affected stores only. The supermarket has released point of sale notices that will be displayed in these stores in order to explain to customers who have the Asda White Lasagne Sauce what to do next.  If customers require any further information, they can contact Asda Customer Relations on 0800 952 0101. They can also check Asda's point of sale notices online for the full list of affected stores. The Food Standards Agency shared its advice with customers: "If you have bought the above product do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the Asda store from where it was bought for a full refund, no receipt required." READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Why are products recalled? Supermarkets recall food products when they are unsafe to eat because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect, or there is a health risk. The product then needs to be withdrawn or recalled which means customers are asked to return it to their store. Earlier this week, Asda, Morrisons and Tesco, among other supermarkets, recalled the Linda McCartney two Vegetarian 1/4lb burgers due to the presence of an ingredient which was not mentioned on the label. The batch codes affected are 20922, 21022 and 21122 and can be found under the best before date. People are urged to check these details if they have a pack of Linda McCartney burgers at home. Linda McCartney two vegetarian 1/4lb burgers Pack size 227g Batch code 20922, 21022 and 21122 Best before date January 2024