The past year in Coronation Street has been a tough one for Sam (played by Jude Riordan) and his father Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) as they navigated through life after the death of his mother Natasha (Rachel Leskovac). She was shot by Harvey (Will Mellor) after he intended to kill Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) but became the unfortunate victim. Official spoilers of the ITV soap show that Sam is set to start high school but could the upcoming anniversary of his mother's death put too much pressure on him, prompting him to do something life-threatening? In upcoming scenes, Nick is excited about Sam's first day at high school and wishes him good luck. on his first day. After a good first day at school, Sam makes his way home but stops at the postbox and slips a letter inside. Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) notices Sam slipping the letter in and becomes curious as to who he could be talking to. Who has Sam managed to get in contact with? READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview With the upcoming anniversary of Natasha's death, Sam could have sought to get in contact with Harvey. Is he writing to forgive Harvey for what he did to his mother? Or could he have a sinister plan in mind? Will his choice to reach out to Harvey encourage him to return to the cobbles, leaving Sam to fear for his life? Harvey's impact on Weatherfield impacted the lives of many residents, including Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney's) boyfriend Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan). He has only recently managed to start a new life on the straight and narrow after being groomed into a county lines drug gang. This also directly affected Simon Barlow (Alex Bain), who was one of the victims Harvey forced Jacob to pursue. During his last few weeks on the cobbles, he managed to survive a sinkhole and a car crash, leading to his arrest after shooting Natasha. However, there have been rumours that the drug lord will be filming some scenes for the soap, as his character plans something sinister from his prison cell. DON'T MISS...Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  [LATEST]Pierce Brosnan’s FURY at being fired from James Bond: ‘It’s juvenile!’ [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [WATCH] According to Metro.co.uk, storyline details which could lead to this are a highly kept secret, but there will be hints about the character in the coming weeks which will lead to suspicions that we may indeed be seeing him. Could Sam's letter encourage Harvey to turn a new leaf? Or will he find some way to escape prison and return for Sam? Corrie fans will know that a mere prison bar or two can’t stop Harvey from causing pain. Sam actor Jude has been a part of the Coronation Street team for two years and recently took to his Instagram to share his gratitude. He penned: "Has to get a grid post every year! 2 years as Sam Blakeman. I hope you love him as much as I do. What a day to spend my Corrieversary than with Granny Audrey. Lucky me." His former on-screen mum Rachel commented: " 2 years!!! That’s flown," to which Jude replied: "2 years of having you in my life." Viewers haven't seen much of Sam over the last couple of months, so he could be set for an explosive storyline. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.