Not all cancers can be prevented, but there is scientific proof that healthy dietary patterns confer some level of protection against the disease. Phytonutrients, in particular, are recommended as they may work together to lower cancer risk. One vegetable abundant in such phytochemicals may reduce cancer cells by 75 percent. Broccoli packs several antioxidants that have wide-reaching health implications, including cancer growth, inflammation and mental decline. Among the most important is kaempferol; a major compound in broccoli sprouts after hydrolysis. It has been shown in several studies to reduce the risk of chronic disease by augmenting the body’s antioxidant defence against free radicals. There are several other beneficial components of broccoli, however, including: READ MORE: Lymphedema has taken both my arms, says LINDA NOLAN This compound is also present in other vegetables such as kale, cabbage, garden cress and cauliflower, but broccoli is the best source. Scientists continue to research how sulforaphane might reduce cancer risk, from detoxifying harmful substances in the body to operating as an antimicrobial agent, reports WebMD. In one test-tube study published in the journal of Clinical Cancer Research in 2010, researchers observed the effects of broccoli on breast cancer cells. Their findings showed that the photochemical sulforaphane "reduced the size and number of cancer cells by up to 75 percent", reported Healthline. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The common household item that can increase your risk “These findings support the use of sulforaphane for the chemoprevention of breast cancer stem cells and warrant further clinical evaluation,” noted the study authors. Similar findings were replicated in a study on prostate cancer, published in the medical journal Carcinogenesis. Mice treated with sulforaphane saw the phytochemical kill off prostate cancer cells and reduce tumour volume by more than 50 percent. Several other cancers may succumb to the chemopreventive effects of sulforaphane.