The 36-year-old appeared in the ITV show from its start in 2010 up until its very end in 2015 along with its two films. Although she hasn’t completely ruled out appearing in another similar show, the Downton Abbey star revealed at the moment she’s drawn to different roles.  The actress is worlds away from her Downton role in the BBC thriller The Secrets She Keeps which recently released its second series. First released in 2020, the show followed the story of unlikely friends Agatha (played by Carmichael) and Meghan (Jessica De Gouw). Bonding over their pregnancies, they get closer to each other before things take a turn and Agatha ends up behind bars after abducting Meghan’s newborn. With the second series set months later, it focuses on Agatha’s trial with Meghan and her family dealing with the aftermath of the kidnapping.   Speaking to Radio Times on playing the contrasting roles of Agatha and Lady Edith Crawley, the actress revealed she enjoys a challenge. The 36-year-old said at the moment, she’s keen to try different roles before adding she had to push herself as it can get too comfortable playing the same character for a long time. She said: “I’m also conscious that if people have enjoyed watching you in something, that’s a complete privilege “It’s been such a gift being in Downton. It’s opened so many doors.”    Laura added: “If another period drama came across my desk… if I loved the script. “I wouldn’t be too nervous of entering that world. “But at the moment I’m drawn to things that feel different.” She revealed when she first auditioned for the role of Lady Edith, she didn’t believe her part would be as big as it was.   The actress joked that she thought she would only be given a few lines and was shocked when bosses gave her a proper role in the period drama. She said: “It was a life-changing moment. I was starstruck by the cast, and constantly surrounded by brilliant actors. It was such a gift.” The actress touched on the complexity of Agatha in The Secrets She Keeps and said starring in the show gave her the opportunity to play with the fun of a thriller.   The show, which is based on the novel by crime writer Michael Robotham, was inspired by the true story of a newborn who was kidnapped in Nottingham back in 1994. Between the first and second series of the show, Laura welcomed a baby into the world with her partner and Downton co-star Michael C Fox.  She shared that since having a baby of her own, the storyline runs much deeper for her in terms of separation from her child. Both series were shot in Australia with Laura’s family being able to stay with her for the duration of the shoot.  