After losing an estimated 70,000 troops in the conflict, the Kremlin leader recently signed a decree to increase the Russian armed forces' military personnel to more than 1.15m - a potential increase of 137,000. But the MoD said the boost is unlikely to increase Russia's combat power - partly because of ongoing heavy losses.  The UK ministry said it was not clear if the planned increase would be achieved by recruiting more volunteers - or by increasing conscription. But any increase was unlikely to have an impact in Ukraine for three reasons. Firstly because Russia has lost tens of thousands of troops which cannot be replaced in any realistic timetable. Secondly, very few new contract (i.e. non-conscript) servicemen are being recruited and thirdly conscripts are not technically obliged to serve outside Russian territory, the MoD said. Western officials currently estimate that some 70-80,000 troops have been killed or wounded since Russia invaded Ukraine six months ago. Russia planned a short, decisive campaign when it invaded Ukraine in February that would be over ‘in a few days’, but Ukrainian resistance has stalled its progress, and in recent weeks front lines have hardly moved. Currently, Russian men aged 18 to 27 are subject to conscription, although many are able to avoid or reduce their service - usually one year - through medical exemptions or by enrolling in higher education. President Putin's decree for more troops came amid a wider military recruitment drive. There have been reports that recruiters have even been visiting prisons, promising inmates freedom and money.  At present, Russia has a limit of just over a million military personnel, plus almost 900,000 civilian staff. But the Kremlin’s military onslaught continues apace, despite heavy losses.  Thousands of people have been killed, millions displaced and cities blasted to ruins during the six months of war. The conflict has also threatened the global economy with an energy and food supply crisis. But Russian shelling has displaced the most civilians in the east, where three-quarters of the population has fled the front-line region of Donetsk, the regional governor said. The United States and its allies have imposed sweeping sanctions on Russia for its invasion and sent billions of dollars in security assistance to the Ukrainian government. But Russia continues to warn that sanctions will never make it change its position and Western arms supplies only drag out the conflict. However, efforts to ‘strangle’ Putin’s regime continue. And Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba will travel to Sweden and Czech Republic this week and push for more sanctions on Russia, including an EU-wide visa ban for Russians. European Union foreign ministers will also meet this week, though many think they are unlikely to unanimously back a visa ban on all Russians. 