Temperatures are expected to be between 3 and 10 degrees above normal for this time of year. It is likely to remain warm, even at night, until at least next Tuesday, August 9. Spanish State Meteorological Agency (Aemet) has predicted "unusually high temperatures for the season". It said the hot weather will last "at least until mid-August in most of the north and centre of the peninsula, the Mediterranean coast of the peninsula and the Balearic Islands". Rubén del Campo, spokesman for the Aemet warned that the persistent high temperatures will be the "predominant note of this summer of 2022". He pointed out that this would be the third heatwave seen by the region this summer. According to the Aemet, maximum temperatures will exceed 35 or 36C in the north, the central area, the southern half, the e Mediterranean regions and the Balearic Islands over the weekend. The valleys of the Tagus, Guadiana and Guadalquivir will see highs of between 38C and 40C. Meanwhile, the Mediterranean coast, Barcelona, Valencia and Alicante will be around 33C to 35C degrees. At night, temperatures are not expected to drop below 20C in the northeast and Balearic Islands, central and southern areas. This comes as Europe continues to battle wildfires that are raging across the continent. READ MORE: UK heatwave forecast: MORE hot weather next week in 33C scorcher More than a dozen European countries have suffered major fires this summer, forcing the evacuation of thousands of people and destroying homes and businesses. Countries including Italy, Spain and France are still facing extreme fire risk as the hot, dry weather continues. Wildfires have burned 600,731 hectares in EU countries this year so far. That is the second-highest total for any year on record by this point in the year. DON'T MISS: Hosepipe ban: Hampshire residents rage at water companies [REACTION] Water and energy supplies in danger as people warned [REVEAL] TWO surges of 30C African heat to hit UK in matter of days [REPORT] Victor Resco de Dios, professor of forest engineering at Spain's Lleida University, said the early July fires which took place in France and Portugal were "extremely unusual". He warned: "Today's fires in the Mediterranean can no longer be extinguished. "Large fires are getting bigger and bigger." The Aemet has warned that stormy weather will accompany the heat next week. As well as some sporadic rain and the potential for hail, some places will see dry storms. These are thunderstorms which are accompanied by very little or no precipitation with strong electrical activity and sometimes strong gusts of wind. The Aemet warned that these are "a natural source of wildfires". The forecaster has therefore advised extreme caution as the risk of forest fires remains "very high or extreme" in the Iberian peninsula. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.