Strictly Come Dancing will be returning to BBC One later this year and filming is almost underway. Some of the 2022 contestants have just been announced and the suspense is building for the show's return. Express.co.uk has the latest on this year's competition and what to expect. Strictly fans are on the edge of their seats as some significant updates have been announced this week. The first batch of celebrities taking part in the 2022 series has been revealed. TV host Kym Marsh and actor Will Mellor will be taking to the dancefloor, amongst others. The BBC One show celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, with the new season being bigger and better than ever. Filming for the 2022 series begins on September 7, with a pre-recorded launch show. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty warning to Kym Marsh as she signs up to Strictly Although it has not been confirmed by the BBC, the launch is expected to air later in September. Show bosses said: "Registration is now open to be part of the exciting launch show, which is recording in advance of this year's live shows on Wednesday 7 September." There is an expected release date of September 17, but this has not been confirmed by the BBC. However, last year the 2021 series began on September 18 with the launch show. The 2020 series launched a month later than planned due to the coronavirus pandemic, but it should have aired in September. From this, it is safe to suggest September 17 as a speculative release date. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for any insight on the official release. There is lots to look forward to this year as four new professional dancers have been announced. European cup winner Vito Coppola, Chinese National Champion Carlos Gu, former Under 21 British National Champion Lauren Oakley and Latin dance champion Michelle Tsiakkas will be making their debuts. Sadly fans will not see Alijaz Skorjanec and Oti Mabuse, who announced their exits from the show earlier this year.  As for the judges, Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Anton Du Beke will all return. Sadly, Bruno Tonioli will not be making a comeback this year due to his work on the American version of the show. Strictly fans will be pleased to hear the iconic Blackpool Week will be returning this year. The Tower Ballroom could not be used in recent years due to social distancing rules. The legendary venue should be featuring as part of the landmark season, marking 20 years since the show started airing. Professional dancers taking to the floor this year include Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden and Karen Hauer. Also returning are Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Cameron Lombard, Gorka Marquez, Luba Mushtuk, Giovanni Pernice, Jowita Przystal, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington and Nancy Xu. The 2021 season has gone down in history as one of the most recognised yet as it scooped a number of awards. John Whaite and Johannes won the Media Moment award at the British LGBT Awards. Meanwhile, Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni won Must See Moment of the year at the BAFTAs.  Strictly Come Dancing will air on BBC One this autumn.