With the second series of the BBC jeweller competition set to hit screens at the end of August, returning host Katherine Ryan paid tribute to the new judge on the show. Dinny Hall will be joining the cast alongside Shaun Leane as they try to find the UK’s next up-and-coming jewellery star. Last year Hugo Johnson was announced as the first-ever winner of BBC One’s All That Glitters after he triumphed in the competition to prove he was the next big name in jewellery. With the second series airing on August 25, fans can expect to see host Katherine Ryan and judge Shaun Leane return to Birmingham as they welcome a new batch of hopeful jewellers. However, this time also entering the workshop is jewellery world titan Dinny Hall who has over 35 years of experience in the trade. Speaking about the latest addition to the new series, Katherine told Express.co.uk, along with other publications, that she describes Dinny as “effervescent”.   When asked what she thinks Dinny brings to the show, Katherine replied: “I think she’s glamorous and bubbly. “She really excites the jewellers and makes them feel great about their work, even when she’s ranking them last.” The host revealed she thinks everyone on the show is a secret comedian as she admitted Shaun always makes her laugh. Katherine recalled how Dinny “lifts” them to an even greater height.   Speaking about the new judge, Katherine said: “It’s funny because I feel like Dinny’s personality is so reflected in her craft and in her work. “Now whenever I look at Dinny Hall pieces, Dinny’s got that same colourful, special, sparkle.” Elsewhere the latest addition revealed it feels “tremendously exciting” to be a new judge on All That Glitters. She admitted she had no idea whether or not she’d be good at it but was excited to be asked.   Briefly speaking about her time on the new series, Dinny said: “It just felt incredible watching all the jewellers grow throughout the show. “You get so involved with them and their journey. “It was just such a treat for me to be involved and I’m honoured.” Each week, both Dinny and Shaun will set the contestants two real-world challenges, The Bestseller and The Bespoke.    In the bestseller challenge, they’re tasked with designing the latest “must-have” piece of jewellery that everybody will want. The second bespoke challenge will see them having to create a special one-off piece for a client. After both have been completed, both Shaun and Dinny will decide which person has earned the title of Jeweller Of The Week along with who will be going home.  All That Glitters season 2 premiers on BBC2 at 9pm on August 25   