Netweather meteorologist Jo Farrow warned the public to expect "disruption" as a result of rain and thunderstorms. She said: "It will feel cooler and fresher for many, with more cloud and rain. Scotland and Northern Ireland have already seen rain to end the weekend with some torrential downpours and thunderstorms moving through. "The main concern from any heavy rainfall is surface runoff issues, thanks to the hard, dry ground. "The Vue cinema in Inverness saw water pouring in on Sunday evening as the roof of a nearby Tesco store collapsed under a slow-moving storm. "Although there is a widespread Met Office warning area, within that there will be a scattering of these storms. "There are concerns about flash flooding but also the risk of hail and frequent lightning. "As the week progresses the chance of a shower, heavy downpour even thunderstorm increases over Wales and England, tipping towards the South/South East of England by midweek." The Met Office has issued a number of warnings across the country until Wednesday, with the forecaster saying there may be a "danger to life" as a result of the wet weather. The Met Office's weather warnings are in place for Scotland and Northern Ireland until 11.59pm today. Warnings are in place until 11.59pm on Tuesday for all of England and Wales. READ MORE: UK weather: Met Office issues yellow warning over THUNDERSTORMS The South West and South East of England are also set for a third day of warnings, with severe weather set to impact the region until 11.59pm on Wednesday. The forecaster has predicted power cuts, along with delays and cancellations to public transport services. It has also warned that spray and sudden flooding could cause issues for motorists. The Met Office said: "There is a small chance that homes and businesses could be flooded quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds. DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Thunder and heavy outbreaks of rain expected to sweep acr [INSIGHT] Spain heatwave: Pensioners 'locked indoors' amid 40C weather panic [REPORT] Drought could continue into NEXT YEAR as 'weeks worth of rain' needed [ANALYSIS] "Where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. "There is a slight chance that power cuts could occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost." It added: "There is a small chance of fast flowing or deep floodwater causing danger to life." Across the southwest of England, thunderstorm warnings will remain in place from 2pm to 8pm on Monday. Meanwhile the Met Office has warned slow moving showers and thunderstorms are likely to become more extensive between 2pm and 4pm over Cambridgshire, Suffolk and Norfolk. Other Met Office maps show the east and northeast of England are likely to see slow moving showers and thunderstorms untiol 5pm on Monday. As the storm moves east, areas of Yorkshire and Northumberland are expected to see showers and thunderstorms around from 3pm. Met Office forecaster Dan Stroud warned that dry ground could make the risk of flooding worse, explaining: "Rain from really intense downpours will be unable to soak into the baked ground quickly." He added: "It's very difficult for the water to actually get in because it has to force the air out of the soil. "So dry ground gets very quickly overwhelmed, and we then get surface run-off."