Foxes are fascinating creatures and many enjoy watching them go about their business, particularly when a family of foxes with cubs makes an appearance. However, if they choose to make your garden their home, foxes can become a bit of a nuisance. Cubs will practise digging in soft soil, often in borders, while to mark their territory you might find foxes leaving excrement in the middle of your lawn. If you are finding a lot of excrement in your garden it may be that your garden, or the foxes’ territory, is being fought over. So multiple foxes will be leaving faeces on your lawn. Gardeners may be pleased to learn that experts have shared a simple trick to keep them at bay – without resorting to harsh methods which could harm or injure these wild animals. This unexpected method uses a simple household food and drink item to deter foxes away from your garden, and that product is an old tea bag. Instead of chucking them in the food recycling bin, your used tea bags are a “genuinely effective way of deterring foxes from your garden”, Callum Maddock, a gardening expert from HomeHow explains. He said: “All you need to do is spray or dip your old tea bags into peppermint, eucalyptus oil or deep-heat muscle treatment – anything strong-smelling that uses natural derivatives. READ MORE: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ “Then, plant your scented tea bags into problem areas of the garden where foxes tend to cause havoc and cover them with soil to hide them.” The reason why this method is so effective is because foxes have an incredibly powerful sense of smell and will instantly deter them. The expert added: “So strong yet natural scents, such as eucalyptus or peppermint, act as a natural deterrent for the foxes, without causing any harm to them or your garden.” “Simply put, foxes are repelled by such strong scents.” Tea bags retail for as little as 65p in Tesco and 70p in Sainsbury’s. DON'T MISS:‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]‘Most effective way’ to clean your entire washing machine [TIPS]Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 [INSIGHT] If gardeners don’t have the rub-on muscle treatment to hand or any essential oils, don’t fret. Callum pointed out: “This trick is not just reserved for peppermint or eucalyptus to repel them as you can also use other essential oils or strong scents to keep foxes away." He explained that gardeners can use lemon juice, boiled water infused with chopped garlic or chilli peppers to deter foxes. However, it's important to know that these methods should be used with caution, in order to prevent harm to animals. The expert warned: “While eucalyptus is perfectly safe, you should be cautious when using peppermint oil. READ MORE: ‘Excellent homemade traps’ to get rid of ants and flies in your home “If not diluted, peppermint oil can be toxic to foxes and other frequent garden visitors such as cats, especially if ingested.” This is why it is suggested that the tea bag trick is the best method as it won’t cause harm to foxes. Callum explained: “However, soaking peppermint oil in a tea bag and burying it a few inches deep, will weaken the intensity of the oil and will therefore avoid causing any harm to foxes. “In addition, as this is still a natural method, this will not cause harm to your plants, garden, or the environment, as these are all completely natural materials that will only deter pests rather than cause harm.” Clearing up your garden can also be helpful for deterring foxes from your garden as well as all kinds of pests. Pol Bishop, a gardening expert at Fantastic Gardeners said: “Trim the hedges, cut the grass and keep everything in order.” Foxes like shaded, sheltered areas that they can use to hide in, so the less, the better. He added: “Remove any rubbish from the garden and generally keep it tidy.” If you don't have one already, it's worth investing in some good garden storage for your bins to stop foxes from getting in.