The warning comes from former British Army Colonel Hamish de Bretton-Gordon. Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for Russia to launch its invasion of Ukraine on February 24, after tens of thousands of troops spent several days massed on the border with its eastern neighbour. The brutal war has seen much of Ukraine reduced to rubble after heavy missile strikes and shelling targeted at major towns and cities. Britain has been a key ally to the under-fire country, and has always offered its continued support as long as its war with Russia continues. Now Mr de Bretton-Gordon, a chemical and biological warfare expert, has warned the UK needs to quickly start preparing for the threat of a nuclear war from Russia. The Daily Telegraph tweeted: "Should the UK government bring back 'duck and cover' from the Cold War to prepare the public for a nuclear incident? "Hamish de Bretton-Gordon gives his opinion and insight on today's episode of Ukraine: The Latest podcast, out now." The military veteran said in a recording posted to the social media platform: "Perhaps we need to dust off our measures for potential nuclear accident or attack which, quite rightly since the end of the Cold War, we have really put all our protective and defensive measures to bed because the threat was rescinding "Ukraine has obviously changed all of that. "The Russians have threatened the use of strategic tactical nuclear weapons." The warning comes with Russia carrying out artillery and air strikes in the Zaporizhzhia region, where fighting near Europe's largest nuclear power plant has raised fears of a disastrous nuclear incident. READ MORE: Putin’s lies unravel in ‘fake’ photoshopped ID card of ‘Moscow bomber' The latest attacks came hours before Ukraine's Independence Day which commemorates freedom from Soviet rule, with Kyiv banning public celebrations citing a threat of more attacks. There has also been a warning from the US Embassy in Kyiv of Russian plans to strike civilian and government infrastructure in the coming days. Ukraine said Russia fired artillery and conducted air strikes in several towns in the Zaporizhzhia region in the south of the country. Russian forces had already captured the nuclear power plant shortly after they invaded it at the start of the war nearly six months to this day. DON'T MISSEU nightmare: Member state turns back on bloc and begs RUSSIA for help [REPORT]Engineer of Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant fears Russian disaster [COMMENTS]Putin to exploit Dugin killing to wreak terror on Ukraine in DAYS [LATEST] There have been numerous calls for Zaporizhzhia nuclear reactor complex, on the south bank of the Dnipro River, to be demilitarised following several strikes on the complex. Separately, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned that Russia could try "something particularly ugly" in the hours, leading up to Wednesday's 31st independence anniversary. The day also marks exactly six months since Russia began its invasion of Ukraine. Ukrainian authorities are on high alert, with Kyiv moving to ban public events related to the independence anniversary from Monday until Thursday. In the northeastern city of Kharkiv, which has come under frequent and deadly longer-range artillery and rocket fire, the mayor has announced an extension to an overnight curfew. On Monday, Russia's Federal Security Service on Monday accused Ukrainian agents of killing Putin ally Darya Dugina in a car bomb attack near Moscow. Ukraine has categorically denied any involvement. Russia and Ukraine have also blamed each other over constant shelling at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant, where Kyiv accuses Moscow of basing troops and storing military hardware. But Russia has continued to deny this accusation and has claimed Ukraine is targeting Zaporizhzhia with drones.