Veteran driver Fernando Alonso can still lay claim to holding a unique record in F1 that not even Michael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton have been able to match. The Spaniard is considered one of the greats of the sport, and at 41, has already confirmed his seat for the 2023 campaign. But it won't be with current team Alpine, with Alonso having instead confirmed he will replace Sebastian Vettel at Aston Martin. The saga turned into an explosive one when Alpine announced Oscar Piastri would be his replacement, only for the Australian to deny the claim and state he had signed a contract elsewhere. Alonso is one of just six F1 drivers in history to have reached 300 Grand Prix's, and his current total of 346 is just three short of the record marker set by Kimi Raikkonen. His two world titles came when at Renault in 2005 and 2006. However, that latter number is viewed by many pundits as underwhelming given his ability and standing in the sport, and leaves him five short of the joint-record currently shared by Hamilton and Schumacher. But there is one list where the Oviedo-born star remains on top. JUST IN: FIA break silence on Daniel Ricciardo and Oscar Piastri mess as statement released A post on Reddit has outlined how Alonso, who also won the 24 Hours of Daytona race during a break from F1 in 2019, has won from a number of different qualifying spots in his career: "Looks like Fernando Alonso can win from almost anywhere," it read. "The Spaniard has won from 9 different grid positions, the most by any Formula 1 driver." By comparison, Niki Lauda, Nelson Piquet, David Coulthard, Raikkonen, and both Hamilton and Schumacher, are all on eight. Jackie Stewart, Emerson Fittipaldi, Ronnie Peterson, Alain Prost, Nigel Mansell, and Jenson Button lie on seven. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen close to major grid penalties when F1 season resumesLewis Hamilton aims salty remark at critics as he makes F1 retirement vowMax Verstappen 'change' after Lewis Hamilton title is bad news for Charles Leclerc Of course Mercedes man Hamilton, 37, could yet overhaul his former teammate. He's yet to win this far in 2022, but five consecutive podium finishes, coupled with the inconsistency of the Silver Arrows in qualifying, suggests matching Alonso this year is a possibility. It's the British driver who holds the record for the most F1 wins, having racked up 103 in his career. Alonso is sixth on that list, with 32 victories.