Conor Gallagher may not get the game time he needs at Chelsea and should consider a move away from the club, claims Darren Bent. However, the ex-England striker is not convinced Manchester United would be the right move for the midfielder. Gallagher is back at Chelsea following a hugely successful loan spell at Crystal Palace. His performances for the Eagles saw him earn a first call-up to the senior England side, where he has now won four caps. The 22-year-old made his competitive debut for Chelsea as a late substitute in the opening-day win over Everton last weekend. But his game time could be further limited if Thomas Tuchel completes a deal for Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. Bent would be concerned at Gallagher's lack of opportunities if De Jong were to arrive at Stamford Bridge. And he has suggested a loan move back to Palace may be the best idea. Bent told talkSPORT: "Conor Gallagher is the one I fear a little bit [for]. I like Conor, I thought he was brilliant for Crystal Palace last season. Transfer news LIVE: Rashford view on PSG, Chelsea's Fofana pressure, De Jong latest  "I think he needs to make a decision sooner rather than later. He either has to stay at Chelsea and tries to fight it out, with the fact that he might not be able to get any football or regular football until January, where they might allow him to leave. "Or he goes 'do you know what Thomas, if I'm not in your plans now, let me go somewhere else'. Go back to Crystal Palace, they need him and that's all the fans speak about." Bent was then asked if a move to United would be good for Gallagher. The pundit reckons he could make the step up at Old Trafford but says the pressurised situation the Red Devils are in may be worth staying away from for now. Bent added: "Yeah, I think so [Gallagher could play for United]. It's a big jump from Palace. DON'T MISSMan Utd have approval to negotiate second Barca deal as well as De JongChelsea tipped for title challenge if Tuchel completes three signingsMan Utd can turn to four players with £50m Cody Gakpo blocked by PSV  "He's not really played at Chelsea has he? But it's a lot of pressure, especially with the state of Man United at the minute, which is not great. "It's still a massive football club by the way and it's still a step up from Palace, you'd have to say. But would he want to step into that fire right now? I'm not quite sure." Chelsea boss Tuchel claimed in July that Gallagher could be a big player for him this season. The German said: "He can be a big asset for us. "Conor trains at a really high level. You can clearly see it was the right decision to let him go on loan. He made a huge step in his development at Palace and became an England player." 