The Big Breakfast made its epic return on Saturday with Mo Gilligan and AJ Odudu taking on the role of hosts for the Channel 4 reboot. Joining Mo and AJ were long-term Big Breakfast originals Denise Van Houten and Phil Gayle who delivered the current news stories. Touching on their time working together, Phil revealed a secret about Denise that she seemed very impressed with. After Phil delivered the latest headlines in the news, Mo exclaimed: "Now Phil, we know that you are a Big Breakfast OG (original). "But we are also joined by another big breakfast OG, we have royalty, please give it up for Denise Van Outen everybody. "Phil, can you tell us any juice from your time working with Denise, there must be some juice you can give us?" Phil admitted: "I'm not sure I can be that indiscreet but there was that time Denise when you came back with a handbag full of loot from Buckingham Palace!" READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen Laughing at the incident, Denise explained: "Oh yeah, it's when I met the Queen! Yeah, I stole a toilet roll holder. "Only because - the only reason was because my nan had one in her caravan that was exactly the same so I was like I want to show my nan." Mo was in hysterics at the story, before joking: "That must be some smooth toilet paper." Denise added: "It is so nice to hear Phil's voice, it takes me back 20 odd years, it is lovely to hear your voice, Phil! I feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside." As Mo and AJ got into the swing of things on the show, viewers were claiming to "switch off" from the reboot after just 10 minutes. Introducing the show, AJ exclaimed: "We are live on Channel 4," before Mo continued: "Your weekend is about to kick off like never before. "So, come on into our brand new house as we welcome you to The Big Breakfast." Just minutes into the show, people were flocking to their Twitter accounts to express their disappointment with the reboot. DON'T MISS...Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall [WATCH]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  [LATEST]Camilla triumphs over Charles as royal couple go 'head-to-head' [INSIGHT] @PeoplesPedagog1 commented: "I may well have to turn off #TheBigBreakfast within 10 mins. "Oh dear Christ, is it just me or is it really dire? Production values? Nil. I like Mo normally but the other mouth almighty is squawking & nobody can hear anything. Where’s Zig and Zag? I like Denise mind." Ruthie added: "Managed about 10 minutes of #TheBigBreakfast before having to switch over. I remember it being chaotic, but the constant shouting grates on me." Rosa claimed: "#TheBigBreakfast loving the new big breakfast, love Denise. But AJ stop shouting and slow down, can't keep up!" @Sheltie expressed: "Why does AJ Odudu need to shout? #TheBigBreakfast." (sic) Denise was at the helm of the show from 1997 alongside Johnny Vaughan and has been considered one of the Channel 4 programme’s most successful stints. Ahead of her guest appearance this weekend, she told The Sun: “I spent some of the happiest times of my career on The Big Breakfast and I’m so excited to be popping in to see the brilliant AJ and Mo for the first show of the new series. “I can’t think of a better way to kick-start my Saturday.” The Big Breakfast Show airs Saturday from 10am on Channel 4.