Jamie Carragher has made a sharp U-turn on Lisandro Martinez after the new Manchester United signing put in a stellar display during the Red Devils' 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night. Carragher has not held back in his criticism of the Argentine ace in recent weeks, going as far as to claim the defender's move to Old Trafford "can't work" and insist he "can't play at centre-back in the Premier League". However, on Monday night, the Liverpool legend branded the 24-year-old's performance as "excellent". Following a long-drawn-out pursuit of Martinez, Erik ten Hag finally got his man at the end of last month, securing a reunion with his former Ajax favourite for a fee in the region of £56.7million. At 5ft 9', Martinez arrived in the Premier League as the division's shortest centre-back, prompting immediately concerns from pundits and fans alike over whether the versatile defender would be able to cope aerially and with the physicality of English football. Carragher in particular has been one of Martinez's most vocal critics and his fears over the centre-back's ability to adapt to the Premier League were realised during United's humiliating 4-0 defeat to Brentford last weekend. The seven-time Argentina international was continuously targeted over his lack of height by the Bees and was subsequently hauled off at half-time following a disastrous 45 minutes from United in which the likes of Ivan Toney and Ben Mee dominated Martinez in the air. However, the United centre-back responded in spectacular fashion at Old Trafford on Monday night, putting in a commanding display to contain Liverpool's usually formidable forward line and force Carragher to eat his words. The Sky Sports pundit admitted: "I questioned him last week on how he’d deal with it aerially but that hasn’t been the case. Anything on the floor he’s dealt with, he’s been excellent Lisandro Martinez at the back." Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Just one week ago, Carragher claimed Martinez is a "problem" for United while insisting he is "convinced" the centre-back wouldn't be able to succeed in the Premier League. On last week's Monday Night Football, he said: "The other problem he's got is the signing of Lisandro Martinez. "Now, we should never judge managers or players too early, but I'm convinced this can't work because the size of him playing in a back four. Maybe he could go left-back, maybe he could play in a back three, but in a back four, he cannot play there in the Premier League. DON’T MISS Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "And the reason why they're gonna have a huge problem with [Martinez] at centre-back is every single team that play Manchester United - maybe bar Man City and Liverpool, who might feel, 'we don't need to change for Man United' - should target that [Martinez's lack of height]. And if they don't, they're crackers. "They really should do that and I think [United] have got a huge problem. And Ten Hag has got his fingerprints a little bit over this team, and I think the two or three things he's influenced are not working."