Manchester United have ‘largely agreed on personal terms’ with the entourage of PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo, according to reports. The Netherlands international is on Erik ten Hag’s radar as the Red Devils boss eyes more transfer reinforcements. And it appears he’s looking increasingly likely to be the club’s fifth signing of the window, following Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro to Old Trafford. Manchester United are eyeing Gakpo at a time where Ten Hag is hoping to bolster his attack. Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future remains uncertain, with the Portugal international eager to secure a move to a team who can offer him Champions League football, while Edinson Cavani has already left and Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection. Gakpo dazzled for PSV Eindhoven in the Eredivisie last term, with the 23-year-old scoring 12 goals and managing 12 assists as his side finished in the table. And, now, Eindhovens Dagblad have claimed United have ‘largely agreed on personal terms’ with the entourage of the forward. United have been looking to sign Antony from Ajax, while also negotiating with Gakpo and his camp. But with the Ajax star too expensive, with the reigning Dutch champions looking for a fee close to £80million to let their prized asset go, United are now ready to move for alternatives. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd It’s thought PSV would demand a fee between £35m and £40m to let go of the forward, who is one of world football’s hottest prospects. And all signs currently point to Gakpo becoming the latest Dutch player to feature for United. Jaap Stam, Ruud van Nistelrooy, Edwin van der Sar and Robin van Persie all won the Premier League title during their stints at Old Trafford, where they played under the iconic Sir Alex Ferguson. And, in recent years, the Red Devils have moved for the likes of Daley Blind, Memphis Depay and Donny van de Beek - with the trio enduring mixed fortunes upon signing on the dotted line. United have to agree a fee with PSV, who are in no mood to discuss a transfer before their crunch Champions League play-off match with Rangers on Wednesday night. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already But, given their vast wealth and the fact the Glazers are willing to open the purse strings after previously being hesitant to splash the cash, any price shouldn’t be too much of an issue. United are unlikely to stop at a deal for Gakpo, either, as they look to win a first Premier League title since 2013. They want a new right-back, with Sergino Dest and Vanderson being linked amid uncertainty over their futures at Barcelona and Monaco respectively. United are willing to jettison Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams, who were previously tipped for bright futures by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And it’s feasible they’ll strengthen in that department as a result, especially with Diogo Dalot often struggling for consistency since becoming first-choice. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. The Red Devils are likely to try for Frenkie de Jong one last time, despite landing Casemiro. They agreed an overall fee worth £72m for the Barcelona star earlier in the window and, though the 25-year-old is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp, that won’t stop United from making one last attempt to snap him up. And United also hope to recruit a back-up goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea as well. They loaned out Dean Henderson earlier in the summer, with the England international temporarily joining Nottingham Forest until the end of the campaign. And Yann Sommer, Tim Krul and Dan Bachmann have all been linked in recent days as United eye a late spending spree. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Speaking recently, meanwhile, Gakpo admitted he could yet stay at PSV despite interest from United. "We must first focus on [the second leg against Monaco] and try to make it to the Champions League, then it is more likely that I will stay," he said before the Rangers match was set up. "I don't think I have said anywhere that I am leaving, so there is definitely a chance that I will stay. “I’m open for a cup of coffee with the management - or coffee for them and water for me. “We'll see how it goes." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here