The Princess Royal celebrates her 72nd birthday today. Taking to their Kensington Palace Twitter account, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge posted a happy birthday message to Anne. William and Kate said: "Wishing a very happy birthday to The Princess Royal today!" They completed the tweet with a birthday cake emoji. The post has received thousands of likes and hundreds of retweets and comments from royal fans who also wished Anne a happy birthday. Royal fan account @lovecambridges_ commented: "Happy Birthday to The Princess Royal." Another Twitter user, @emilyma07545124, wrote: "Happy birthday Princess Anne, the Princess Royal." A third with the handle @cherylsmilesx shared two snaps of Anne with the Cambridegs and added: "Happy birthday to Princess Anne." A fourth, @royallyblunt, gushed: "Yaaay! Happy Birthday Princess Anne! "Happy Birthday to our darling Princess Royal! Thank you for your selfless service." Another royal fan account @loveforcambridg added: "A very happy and healthy birthday to the amazing Princess Royal. "I hope she will have a great day and an amazing new year." Other royals also marked Anne's big day on social media. The official Royal Family account tweeted: "Wishing The Princess Royal a happy birthday today!" Anne celebrated her milestone 70th birthday in 2020 but is showing no signs of slowing down. She is often named as the hardest-working member of the Royal Family when engagements are tallied up. According to royal watcher Tim O'Donovan, she carried out the most official engagements in 2021 with an impressive 387 outings. Mr O'Donovan compiles the figures using the Court Circular record of past engagements in The Times. Anne is the Queen's only daughter and she started royal duties at the age of 18. Since then, she has become involved with over 300 charities and organisations in the UK and overseas. Anne was the first member of the Royal Family to have competed in the Olympics in the equestrian three-day event at the 1976 Montreal Games. The Princess Royal is known for her no-nonsense approach to royal life. 