Biographer Tom Bower, who recently released his book Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, slammed the Duchess of Sussex for “playing the royal card the whole time” despite abandoning the Royal Family and moving to California. Mr Bower claimed the Sussex’s are “burning out their royal status pretty fast now”, before saying that they will eventually have to “give that up” due to overuse. Mr Bower said: “It’s not only a problem for Harry but it is also for Meghan because when she phoned up the two senators to campaign for women’s maternity pay, she said ‘Hello, this is Meghan the Duchess of Sussex’. “I mean, she plays the royal card the whole time so I don’t think that will play well during an election for Congress or even the Senate. “So, I think they have to realign their image. I think in any case they are burning out their royal status pretty fast now. “I think in the end they will have to give that up because it won’t wash.”  The incidents to which Mr Bower was referring were reported at the end of last year as the Duchess of Sussex looked to weigh on a political debate. Ms Markle was seeking to campaign for paid family leave and allegedly resorted to cold-calling Republic senators. A spokeswoman for the Republican senator of Maine Susan Collins said Ms Collins had not been expecting the call. Senator Collins also said: “Much to my surprise, she called me on my private line and she introduced herself as the Duchess of Sussex, which is kind of ironic. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry have 'a lot of riding' on Duke's book [REVEAL]  “I was happy to talk with her. But I'm more interested in what the people of Maine are telling me about it.” Ms Markle is also believed to have called West Virginia’s senator Shelley Moore Capito. Senator Capito said she received the call while driving and assumed it was Democratic senator Joe Manchin also of West Virginia. She said: “I'm in my car. I'm driving. It says caller ID blocked. Honestly... I thought it was Senator Manchin. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [LIVE] Prince Harry hailed in 'proud announcement' [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry silent online on Archewell for FOUR months [REPORT] “His calls come in blocked. And she goes 'Senator Capito?' I said, 'Yes.' She said, 'This is Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex.” A month previously, Ms Maklre wrote a letter to Congress on the website PaidLeaveforAll.org pushing for paid family leave in the US. She wrote: “I'm writing to you at this deeply important time - as a mom - to advocate for paid leave. “The working mom or parent is facing the conflict of being present or being paid. The sacrifice of either comes at a great cost.” READ NEXT: ‘Tell-tale sign’ Meghan & Harry have ‘confidence in their relationshipMeghan's estranged dad Thomas makes first appearance since strokeMeghan and Harry's biographer's new book to 'have the world talking' Prince Harry 'refused Prince Charles' demand' during tense showdownPrince Harry and Meghan 'probably going apoplectic' about bower claims