Nine-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis are reportedly set to move to Windsor with their parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge later this year. The Cambridge Family's new home will offer more privacy and "freedom" for George and his two siblings. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the benefits of the move for the adorable trio. Ms Garibaldi said: "The Royal Family is moving to the Windsor area, with Hello magazine reporting that George, in particular, is excited about the move." She added that although this is because they will "be closer to family", but also because, compared to Kensington Palace, their new home will give "Prince George and his siblings more freedom to enjoy their favourite outdoor pastimes. "[These] include swimming, football, and tennis." She added: "It seems like, you know, they're getting ready for this big move, [and are] enjoying one last summer [in Kensington Palace]." READ MORE: Prince Harry memoir pivotal to Sussexes finances 'Been spending money like water!' Like all children across the UK, the Cambridge trio are all currently on their summer break from school. In September, they will all reportedly be starting at a new school, following the move to Windsor. Prince George and Princess Charlotte have previously been attending Thomas's Battersea in South-West London. The Cambridge's youngest son, Louis, has been attending Willcocks Nursery School. READ MORE: Harry and William kept in dark over bombshell royal film about 'real cause' of Diana death In recent months, the Cambridge children have been attending more royal engagements, alongside their parents. Last month, Prince George made his Wimbledon debut. The nine-year-old future king sat alongside Prince William and Kate in the royal box. DON'T MISS Earlier this month, Princess Charlotte enjoyed her first solo royal engagement without her brothers. The Cambridges enjoyed a visit to Birmingham for the Commonwealth Games with their excited little girl in-tow. All three children attended various events throughout the jam-packed Platinum Jubilee weekend in June. On the first day of celebrations marking the Queen's 70-year reign, the siblings made their carriage debut, and enthusiastically waved to the thousands of well-wishers lining the streets of London. READ NEXT: