Buying or selling a home can be a complex process, reliant on a number of pieces of the puzzle falling into place. But if the agreement hits one or more unexpected snags along the way, it can cause a complete collapse of the deal and bring you back to square one. Terry Fisher, a property expert at We Buy Any Home said: “It’s often said buying or selling a property is one of the most stressful things we do in our lives. It can be a complicated process with lots of components, and if one piece hits a problem it can have a domino effect on the others. “Some of the most common reasons why a house purchase or sale falls through are entirely avoidable so it’s good to be prepared for the unexpected. “These can include the survey unearthing an issue you didn’t know was there, problems with the mortgage paperwork or another buyer coming in and gazumping your purchase. “It’s important to have the right processes and help in place to protect yourself from unexpected snags and maximise your chances of a smooth transaction.” While statistics for house sales falling through vary from area to area, some estimate claims as many as one in three transactions fell through in the UK in 2021. This can cause major headaches for other links in a chain that are dependent on the transaction, and can be stressful for home movers who are dependent on a smooth sale. One of the first reasons is that buyers and sellers can change their mind. READ MORE: Estate agent tactics buyers should ‘always’ be aware of - how to avoid Agreeing a sale does not yet mean the deal is complete and the buyer or seller can still change their mind until contracts are exchanged. Terry explained: “This can happen for a range of reasons, such as a change in circumstances or perhaps a link in their own chain has collapsed and they no longer wish to move home. “While there is not a lot you can do to avoid this, you can at least minimise the chances by maintaining an open and honest dialogue so that the other party doesn’t receive an unwanted surprise that prompts them to withdraw.” It can also help to make sure everything is in place for the quickest possible transaction so the other party has less time to dwell on things. It’s often said a home is only worth what someone else is prepared to pay, and that official valuations act more as a guide than a concrete guarantee. A house sale can run into problems if the property valuer doesn’t quite agree with the price that the buyer or seller has in mind. DON'T MISS: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [EXPERT]Most 'effective' way to clean windows and patio doors in seconds [TIPS] While there is no harm in trying to get the best possible deal, being unrealistic on the price can come back to haunt you, according to the property pro. He said: “To avoid valuation issues causing your deal to collapse, be realistic.  If you’re a seller, check out what other similar properties in your area are going for, while buyers should do their own research on the area to make sure they aren’t being squeezed.” Another very common snag that can pop up in a property deal is when the bank declines to provide the buyer with the appropriate mortgage. Sometimes people make offers without having any assurances that they will be able to come up with the funds, while others will only have a mortgage in principle behind them. Then when it comes to the crunch, the bank can decide not to lend the money for a variety of reasons, such as a bad credit rating or insufficient earning power. To avoid such an issue, Terry suggests making sure buyers are confident of passing the bank’s affordability checks. READ MORE: Woman forced to live with 'horrendous raw sewage stench' at house Be fully aware of any problems with the property and ensure your credit rating is up to scratch. Few properties are completely perfect, so it’s common for a house survey to throw up some unexpected issues, whether big or small. These can include roof damage, internal doors jamming, blocked or broken gutters or damp. However, the expert highlighted: “Bigger problems can include damage to structural timber, subsidence and even asbestos, which can become major hurdles to clear during the process. “It’s important to be ready for anything the survey can bring, and understand that this can make a buyer feel like they need to renegotiate the deal or expect the seller to pay for the repairs.” Perhaps the most infuriating of all potential problems with a property deal is when the buyer is gazumped at the last minute by another buyer who has submitted a higher offer. Ultimately, the seller is often looking to receive as much money as possible for their property so the highest bidder is usually the winner. While there is little buyers can do if someone else wants to blow them out of the water with a higher offer, it can help to make sure the seller sees you as an attractive and reliable option, says Terry. This can include being prepared to pay in cash, having all of the necessary paperwork in order for a quick transaction and ensuring the seller knows you won’t let them down further along the line.