The alert is in place for the Highlands and Eilean Siar and is coming into place from 5pm today until 10pm tonight. The Met Office said: "Thunderstorms currently affecting mainland Scotland are expected to cross Orkney during the late afternoon and early evening. Some torrential downpours are likely with 25 to 50 mm of rain possible in a few places. Frequent lightning and hail are additional hazards." It comes parts of the UK were placed on an amber warning for extreme heat, with temperatures hitting 32C. The Met Office announced earlier today that the heatwave is set to break with thundery showers across Scotland, with the rest of the UK expecting storms tomorrow. Writing on Twitter, they said: "The #heatwave is starting to break with thundery showers across Scotland as shown in the latest radar sequence. "Over the coming days heavy and thundery showers will become more widespread across the country as the hot conditions give way." READ MORE: Dad stabs wife 27 times in neck in front of their terrified children The Met Office warned that the thunderstorms could cause some travel disruption and flooding in some areas. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Jason Kelly said: “The current hot weather will make way for a thundery breakdown from the west, which will spread south and east in the early part of next week. Ahead of this, isolated but intense thunderstorms are possible Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. “The warnings highlight the chance of some places seeing around 50mm of rain falling in a three-hour period in the north, with some areas further south possibly seeing around 30mm of rain in a three-hour period. Hail and frequent lightning are also possible as part of these downpours and represents an additional hazard.” And the heatwave is not over just yet, with temperatures tomorrow still reaching high 20s tomorrow for the south of the UK. DON'T MISS:Ukraine fightback: Four reasons Putin is struggling in horror war [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Putin humiliated as ‘precision strikes’ cuts troops off [COMMENT]Putin sent scrambling as Black Sea Navy fleet 'significantly degraded [PICTURES] Forecasters have warned that while some may be looking forward to the downpours and storms, there is a risk of surface flooding following the drought. A spokesperson said: "With England having had its driest July since 1935 some locations, particularly in the south, could feel grateful for some rain, but these thundery showers bring with them the chance of some surface water flooding, as the heavy rain falling on to dry ground is often not absorbed." Dr Rob Thompson, from the University of Reading's meteorology department, posted a video on Twitter showing how different grass surfaces absorb rain. He told the Independent: "Experience around the world has shown what can happen when heavy rain follows a very dry and hot period that has baked the soil hard. The water can’t soak in easily, most of it just runs straight off the surface, which can quickly turn into flash floods." 