At 29 she worried she would not convince as teenager Sandy Olsson who becomes smitten with John Travolta's rebel Danny Zuko. But their chemistry was electric and her performance catapulted her from an innocuous country singer to a global pop sensation, selling more than 100 million records throughout her lifetime. Following Grease, she reinvented herself with 11th album Physical, its title track with the raunchy, "Let me hear your body talk" line, spent 10 weeks at No.1 in the US and became her signature song. In 1992, following her breast cancer diagnosis, she developed her activism in animal rights and cancer awareness. Olivia Newton-John was born in Cambridge, UK, before her family emigrated to Australia when she was six. Her father, Brinley Newton-John, was a British intelligence officer who worked on the Enigma project at Bletchley Park. He became a professor of German at King's College before transferring to the University of Melbourne. Newton-John's mother Irene was the daughter of the German Nobel Laureate physicist Max Born. Newton-John's first love was animals but she switched to music, lacking the qualifications required for veterinary sciences. At 14, she formed a girl band with school friends and appeared on Australian TV before winning a talent show culminating in a visit to London in 1966. But she struggled to break through for years. Cliff Richard boosted her UK profile with spots on his weekly TV show but her fortunes changed with the release of solo album If Not For You in 1971. The title song, penned by Bob Dylan, was a No.1 in the US easy listening charts. She won a Grammy for countrytinged album Let Me Be There in 1973 and had an international hit with I Honestly Love You in 1974. She was voted female vocalist of the year at the Country Music Association awards and then came fourth in the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest for the UK. After Grease, she played the lead role in Xanadu. Newton-John's cancer returned in 2017 and she campaigned for medicinal cannabis to be legalised. She was made a dame in 2019 for her services to music and charity. Married twice, she is survived by husband John Easterling and daughter, Chloe, by her first marriage.