The Duchess of Sussex has been accused of turning Prince Harry away from the Royal Family by convincing him that his royal relatives are “awful”. Royal author Angela Levin blamed Meghan for the couple’s decision to step back from royal duties and the consequential distance the Duke and Duchess have maintained from core members of the royal family. Ms Levin also suggested Meghan’s influence may have also sparked Prince Harry to reject the Queen’s invitations to visit her at Balmoral Castle in Scotland.    Speaking on GB News, Ms Levin said: “I think it's a tragedy that she has convinced Harry that his family is so awful.” She added: “To say they won’t go up and see her [the Queen] is spiteful, in my view. “It’s not dangerous up there, there’s nothing to see for miles so they don’t need protection 24/7.” The royal author noted that the couple's decision to snub the Queen's invitation to Scotland comes as the monarch is reportedly experiencing a period of ill health.    The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to make a rare trip to the UK in early September to attend a series of charity events. The Queen, who is currently on her annual summer holiday to Balmoral Castle in the Scottish Highlands, is unlikely to receive a visit from the couple during their trip, according to The Telegraph. The news comes as the couple is in the midst of a legal row with the Home Office over their security provision while in the UK. Prince Harry has argued that his family would require high level police protection, which he is willing to fund, although Scotland Yard has so far ruled out accepting private payments for specialist security. Read more: Meghan Markle 'conscious' that girls see her as 'real life princess Prince Harry and Meghan last saw the Queen during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. The Duke and Duchess were accompanied by their two young children, Archie and Lilibet, over the bank holiday weekend, although they were only seen at a handful of the public engagements. During the Jubilee, the Queen finally met the couple’s youngest child Lilibet, who is named after the monarch herself. Their first encounter was reported to have been rather brief as the Sussexes made only a short visit to Windsor Castle in the midst of extensive Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Don't miss: Queen issues 'deeply saddening' news as she carries on working [REPORT]Meghan Markle drops new 'top-secret' bombshell on royal fans [INSIGHT]Give poor Harry and Meghan a break and let them live their lives WHALE [COMMENT] Meghan shed light on her Platinum Jubilee experience in an exclusive interview with Cut Magazine as she revealed the couple had used parts of the UK visit to pack up some of their remaining belongings from Frogmore Cottage. In the interview, the Duchess also claimed her new podcast had offered her an opportunity to use her “voice” after not being able to “use it” for some time. Ms Levin slammed her interview with Cut, branding the piece “too shocking.” The royal author said: “It’s breathtaking, her arrogance and her rudeness and her taking everything for granted and not giving anything back attitude.” Read next: Meghan Markle's royal break sparks 'lightbulb moment' for radio host Queen health: Monarch 'pretty frail' but vows to keep on workingPrince William echoes Princess Diana's 'loyalty to the Queen'Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well'Royal Family Live: Meghan fires fresh dig at monarchy