Kate Middleton never fails to disappoint, always looking the picture health and beauty when she steps out for her various royal engagements. But how does she do it? Nutrition experts at BarBend have analysed the Duchess' diet after Google searches continue to hit an average of 4,600 a month. So what does Kate actually eat in a day to stay so slim? BarBend's experts revealed that the Duchess of Cambridge is a big fan of slow-burn energy oats, which keep her filled up and with enough fuel to attend royal events, exercise and run after her three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. "To maintain her enviable figure, Kate matches nutritious, healthy eating with a consistent workout regime of planking and running, and oats can be great exercise fuel, as they release energy throughout the whole workout," they explained. She also is known to blend her own antioxidant-filled smoothies. These often contain a mix of kale, spirulina, matcha, spinach, romaine, and blueberries, creating a delicious mix that promotes her enviable natural glow and healthy skin. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake According to the leading nutritionists, Kate favours organic foods for lunch and incorporates as many raw ingredients as possible. They said: "Watermelon salads are a staple of Kate’s lunches, and include juicy pink watermelon mixed with avocado, onion, cucumber, and feta cheese. "It's the perfect mix of sweet and savoury." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Snacks can be the downfall of many people's weight loss goals as not being able to control hunger cravings can be detrimental. But Kate apparently has some excellent tricks up her sleeve when it comes to satisfying her own cravings in between meals. She is said to opt for: Raw fruit and vegetables, including goji berries Low-calorie popcorn, Olives - the Duchess reportedly once told a child at Great Ormand Street hospital that she used to eat a lot of olives when she was little. "So we can safely say that this cholesterol-lowering snack is likely still a favourite of Kate's," the experts assured. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim With her daily food list made up of lighter, plant-based foods, she is said to indulge in traditional English favourites for dinner. These include Prince William’s favourite roast chicken, and she enjoys making pizza, pasta and baking cakes with their children. "Sushi is also a big favourite among Kate and Prince William, and she has made some bold and experimental choices when it comes to fish, tucking into thinly sliced wild geoduck (a large saltwater clam) sashimi," the experts said. "While the royals, as a rule, do not consume seafood abroad in case of food poisoning which could set a royal tour back by days, clearly the geoduck was too delicious to resist!" A national favourite, Kate isn't impartial to indulging in a sticky toffee pudding every now and then. According to the previous chef for the royal family Darren McGrady, it was her favourite.