Colson Smith's weight loss transformation is one of the most talked about in soap world, and for good reason. The Coronation Street actor dropped a whopping 10 stone by following a healthy eating and exercise plan over the past two years. The actor, who has played Craig Tinker on the ITV soap since 2011, completely overhauled his diet and fitness and his hard work has more than paid off. So what did he do to make a positive change? Colson revealed he followed a strict food plan with the help of life coach, Rob Brennan. He told Lorraine Kelly last year: "We worked through everything I could do to make it as easy as possible. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "So I have my breakfast and lunches delivered, and they’re still being delivered now, which means cooking I don't have to think about. "I can just eat!" Colson uses a company called FitChef, that use all-natural ingredients, no preservatives and no added sugars. For years, experts have explained that weight loss is done in the kitchen but this can be off-putting for those who don't have the time to cook or even have an interest in making food from scratch. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] But a healthy diet combined with exercise is a crucial way to shed pounds rather than just by calorie restricting alone. And it appears the 23-year-old incorporated a mix of high-intensity cardio with weight training to accomplish his goals alongside eating well. The TV star took up the cardio activity to begin his fitness journey, and never looked back. Alongside a photo of him running through the city, he captioned a recent Instagram post: "Two years as a runner. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "January 10, 2020, I went on my first run... 3086km’s later and I’m still loving every km." He finished his post with a motivational message: "I’ve learned so much about myself while pounding the pavements and trails wherever I find myself. "It’s always a good day to run. "And in terms of the gym, I’ve kind of kept in touch with the gym I’ve been going to in Manchester because they’re putting on lots of training programmes on their app. "I’ve done the odd Joe Wicks PE, and then it’s just making the most out of the situation." Running is an excellent form of exercise for weight loss as it burns a lot of calories in a short space of time. It also continues to burn calories long after a workout and with tweaks to your regular running schedule, the American Council on Exercise found that it can deliver a sustained fat burning boost. Colson also showcased his resistance training workout routine on Instagram, working up a sweat in his garden as fans applauded his progress.