As the cost-of-living crisis escalates, many are looking to save money and make money wherever they can. When it comes to homes, there are many nifty DIY hacks people can use to give their home a refresh without spending a fortune. However, many people don’t know that they can actually make a good profit from their old kitchens, and many people will buy them for a fair sum if they’re in well-kept condition. Not only is this a great option for those looking to buy a new kitchen, but it prevents tons of perfectly good kitchens ending up in landfill. Kitchen specialist and founder of The Used Kitchen Company, Looeeze Grossman, shared how much money Britons can make from their kitchen, and how to go about selling it. She estimated that homeowners could earn anywhere from £1,750 to £25,000 selling their old kitchens. The main requirement for selling an old kitchen is to make sure that it is clean and in good condition. Looeeze explained: “No matter what brand or size of your kitchen, it will sell but if you want top price when selling your used kitchen, it has to be in good condition. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients “A well-kept kitchen will increase buyer interest and likelihood of buying. “An average sized kitchen, from a sought after kitchen manufacturer in good condition will sell for around £1,000 more than the same one in a worse condition.” Make sure to give your kitchen a thorough clean to get rid of any spills or stains before selling it. If everything is in top quality condition, it’s any easy way to get the best price for it. DON'T MISS: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [EXPERT]Lorraine Kelly’s quiet life in Buckinghamshire at her riverside home [INSIGHT]‘Essential’ step for a ‘fuller’ lavender plant - garden jobs to do now [TIPS] The expert also noted that kitchens with faulty cupboards can make the sale harder. She said: “Kitchens with loose cupboards or handles will make it harder to sell, as buyers may well be put off with such issues. “But these are things that can easily be repaired by yourself or a local handyman for a minimal price. “At the same time be sure to mention and be upfront about any damage that is more than wear-and-tear, as being honest at point of listing saves a lot of aggravation further down the line.” READ MORE: Three ‘effective homemade remedies’ to remove limescale from taps There are many factors that attribute to the value of a kitchen and the brand is often key to the buyer. Looeeze said: “There are some fantastic kitchen brands on the market such as Poggenpohl, Mark Wilkinson, Tom Howley, and Bulthaup to name a few, which will sell second hand from around £5,000 - £25,000. “But even if you don’t have a designer kitchen, you can still sell yours for a decent profit.” A used Howdens or Wren kitchen can sell anywhere between £1,750-£3,500, according to the expert. If there are some aspects of the kitchen homeowners like, but others that seem dated and worn, then there’s always the option of selling and replacing parts. The kitchen expert pointed out: “This is where sites like eBay and Facebook Marketplace come in handy. “Buyers are often looking for handles, worktops and spare doors. Even old appliances can be profitable (as long as they’re working). “So, the next time you think about getting a new kitchen, don’t throw your old kitchen in the skip when you can sell it and use the money towards footing the cost of a new one.”