Sergio Perez has claimed he still wants to stay in F1 after his current Red Bull deal comes to an end. Perez admitted he is “too young to stop” and is “still having too much fun” to walk away from F1. His comments come after Sebastian Vettel announced his decision to quit at the end of the season at the Hungarian Grand Prix to spend more time with his family. Like Vettel, Perez also has a family and children he spends a lot of time away from when racing. But, Perez told Sports Bild: “I still have a contract until 2024 but I can't imagine that I'll end my career then. Even if the sport takes up a lot of time, that's how it is. Formula 1 will be your life. "But I'm too young to stop and still having too much fun.” Perez was offered a new Red Bull deal ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix after a strong start to the 2022 season. After signing the extension, Perez won in Monaco and looked able to challenge Max Verstappen for the crown. READ MORE: Sergio Perez confident he can beat Max Verstappen to F1 title But, since his win, Perez’s championship challenge has faltered after suffering two retirements and a lack of pace. He finished off the podium in France and Hungary despite not being challenged by the Ferraris. Perez’s change in fortunes has been slammed by Red Bull boss Helmut Marko who criticised the Mexican for qualifying 11th in Hungary. Marko said: “He is currently too far off from Max. It was like that already in all of the free practice sessions. [It’s] a difficult situation. We need to sit down together.” “Summer break is not here yet, but he seems to be living in it already!” Marko also slammed Perez after he lost a position to George Russell during the closing stages of the French GP. DON'T MISSHonda explain Charles Leclerc gap to Max Verstappen  [INSIGHT]Red Bull chief Helmut Marko aims dig at Ferrari after recent troubles [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner outlines how Red Bull can secure Porsche partnership  [COMMENT] He explained: “Checo was sleeping at the restart. Maybe he drank tequila yesterday." However, Perez stresses that when the time comes to quit F1 "it won't be difficult” to hang up the helmet. Perez told Sports Bild: "Because the best moments of my life have nothing to do with racing, like the birth of my children. But even the simple things mean a lot to me. If I can get a taco in Mexico for 20 pesos and spend time with my family, these are moments that you don't experience in Formula One.”