Fans have rallied behind the Duchess of Sussex as she released the first in her 12-episode series, Archetypes, on Spotify. The first episode featured Meghan's friend and tennis superstar Serena Williams who discussed all things motherhood with the Duchess. Expressing their excitement at the new release on Twitter, Meghan and Prince Harry fans shared their thoughts on the podcast.  User @meldee3, who says they worked on the podcast, said: "As a fan of Meghan, when I heard this was coming, I did everything in my power to get on this project. "Launching a Royal podcast is certainly no easy task, but I’m so proud of all the difficult days and long nights we spent making this happen." There are more episodes to be released, with this marking the first of 12 in the series. Meghan will speak to a number of women across different generations and industries. User @aiwahannah said: "It’s not even because I love both of them but this first #archetypes episode with Meghan Markle and Serena Williams is so good!"  Responding to her tweet, another fan added: "What an amazing intimate, honest, funny conversation." Sharing a promo clip for the series, user @sussexprincess said: "She's so beautiful." Meghan introduced the podcast by saying: "This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place."  READ MORE: Meghan's 'negative connotation for ambition' comment in podcast The first episode saw the Duchess relive the moment her son Archie's nursery set on fire while she was in South Africa with Prince Harry undertaking their royal duties. Meghan said: "The moment we landed, we had to drop [Archie] off at this housing unit that they had had us staying in. He was going to get ready to go down for his nap. "We immediately went to an official engagement in this township called Nyanga, and there was this moment where I'm standing on a tree stump and I'm giving this speech to women and girls." But soon after the engagement, the Duke and Duchess received news that there had been a fire "in the baby's room".  DON'T MISS:EU ‘should’ help Sturgeon’s independence dream with Covid fund [INSIGHT]McDonald's CHAOS as mob of 50 youths storms and loots restaurant [PICTURES]Girl, 9, killed in Liverpool shooting named by Merseyside Police [COMMENT] She continued: "We get back and our amazing nanny Lauren is in floods of tears. She was supposed to put Archie down for his nap and she just said: 'You know what? Let me just go get a snack downstairs. In that amount of time that she went downstairs, the heater in the nursery caught on fire." The next episode involves Mariah Carey making a guest appearance. 