F3 driver Zane Maloney has destroyed his car in a massive crash which saw his car flip over just hours before F1 qualifying at the Belgian Grand Prix. The youngster collided with Oliver Goethe on the exit of the fast Blanchimont corner during the first race of the weekend.  The two cars bounced across the newly re-profiled gravel trap with Maloney smashing head-on into the tyre wall. The impact littered bodywork across the track with a safety car immediately deployed. Both drivers were attended to immediately by medical crews after the heavy impact. However, Maloney and Goethe were seen getting out of their cars themselves as the clear-up began. Campos Racing tweeted: "We are in the medical center @OliverGoethe is ok. Some small bruises on the hands but he is ok." The race was then red flagged after it became clear the barrier on the exit of the corner needed to be repaired. Goethe was seen studying the damage moments after the collision with images on social media suggesting his Halo had been damaged. READ MORE: Verstappen summoned to stewards after investigation at Belgian GP   Close-ups of the crash show paintwork scratches over the device and a small crack in its structure. Sean Kelly, trackside at Spa, revealed fans were shocked after seeing the collision on screens around the circuit. He Tweeted: “There was a very loud gasp from all of the spectators around La Source and Eau Rouge as that massive F3 crash took place." However, some fans blamed the circuit's new gravel trap installed ahead of this year's race for worsening the shunt. Twitter user @F1Delta_ said: “I’m seeing props to the gravel traps around Spa but that crash was made worse because there was a gravel trap.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen and Charles Leclerc 'joined by 7th driver penalised' [COMMENT]Martin Brundle blasts Daniel Ricciardo's Max Verstappen decision [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton told he has chance to win Belgian GP  [INSIGHT] The corner is one of the fastest on the Spa-Francorchamps circuit and was the scene of a heavy F1 shunt back in 2001. Luciano Burti appeared to dive up the inside of Eddie Irvine on the entrance of the corner which led the Irish star to move across. The pair made contact, throwing Burti’s Prost into the tyre wall at high speed. The Brazilian was stuck inside the tyre wall with Irvine helping marshals to clear the barrier so crews could attend Burti. He was transferred to hospital after the horror accident and he was forced to sit out the rest of the season. Ferrari junior driver Oliver Bearman went on to win this morning's F3 sprint race with Charles Leclerc’s brother Arthur finishing fifth.