James Cleverly accused Richard Madeley of repeatedly interrupting him before being able to fully address his questions. The Education Secretary was grilled on how his supported Tory leadership contest candidate, Liz Truss, will be helping out millions of Britons struggling with rising energy prices. But he ultimately erupted at the Good Morning Britain host for keeping him from answering with several interruptions. ITV GMB co-host Charlotte Hawkins asked: "The measures you've put in place were based on previous estimates of the price cap. "We know now the price is going to be exceeded so that help that you've already promised is simply not enough, is it?" Mr Cleverly said: "We've already put a support package in place and Liz has said she will bring forward an emergency budget to address whatever else..." But Mr Cleverly cut in: "You're not answering our question. Charlotte asked and put it to you that the support package that you are now quoting isn't enough." JUST IN: Liz Truss 'right choice' to lead Britain as next Prime Minister as Express rejects Sunak The Tory frontbencher hit back: "Yeah, Richard, I'm saying that in response to those changing figures Liz is committed to bringing forward an emergency budget. She's also said..." The TV presenter once again interrupted: "In September. You keep sliding off the point." Mr Cleverly said: "I'm not sliding off the point. I'm not able to get to the point because you keep interrupting, Richard." Mr Madeley protested: "Oh, that's not fair." The Education Secretary replied: "It is fair. We can rewatch the tape and we can see which of us has done the most talking in this interview." READ MORE: ‘Stop talking pish!’ Richard Madeley ignites GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe The GMB host said: "I have to hold you to an answer and if you're not answering the question, you will be interrupted. And I'm sorry if that's too hard for you but that's how it works." Mr Madeley continued: "Everything you said in this interview has made it quite clear that nothing is going to happen until the autumn. "The central point of this interview is to put it to you that we need action now. And I haven't heard you say anything at all other than, 'oh well, we'll get to that in the autumn when we've got a winner.' "You're simply not answering my point. So we do have to interrupt, sorry." DON'T MISSMassive saving right there': Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104' [BILLS] 'Save £1k on your energy bills': 'Simple trick' to slash costs [TIPS] Little-known button on boiler could save hundreds on energy bills [HACK] Mr Cleverly said: "The candidates cannot put their plans into practice until they become Prime Minister. "That is beyond their control, that is the system we've got. Liz has said she will lift the green levies, that will take the best part of £200 off the average set of bills. "She's also said that she will not bring in place that National Insurance increase in place, that will put another £240 back into the pockets of working people. "For families with two working people, that will be the best part of £500, and that is on top of the support packages that have already been announced. "She will also bring forward an emergency budget."