Lioness Mary Earps joined Ben Thompson and Victoria Fritz on Wednesday’s BBC Breakfast as the celebrations continue for the women’s England team continue. However, Mary revealed her summer could have been a very different one as she reflected on being dropped from the squad before Sarina Wiegman became manager in September 2021. Victoria began: “You know what I find amazing about this is you’ve not had the easiest time. “At one point you were dropped from the squad and there were difficulties there. “If the timings were different, the situation would have been totally different for you. How do you feel about that?” Mary replied: “I look back with immense pride because I definitely did not expect to be doing this this summer. Read more: BBC Breakfast viewers call for guest presenter to stay “People who know me and people who follow women’s football avidly will know the last couple of years haven’t been the easiest for me. “I made peace with not being an England player any longer.” She continued: “Obviously, Sarina came in in the September and everything changed. “I could not be more pleased because it’s been the greatest privilege this last year and this summer has been the best summer ever.” Mary went on to stress the importance of making football accessible for young girls in schools. Later in the show, the presenters spoke to Euro 2022 final goalscorer Chloe Kelly. On the winning moment, she said: “I haven’t watched it back yet and I think when I do that will be the time when it really sinks in.” Ben asked the footballer if winning the European Championships “felt real”. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast viewers slam Vardy and Rooney coverage [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty shut down over persistent Rishi probe [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast skewers Labour MP over Mick Lynch support [VIDEO] “No it doesn’t, I think since the evening of the game I’ve just lived that moment in my head over and over again,” Chloe shared. “I didn’t want that moment to end because it was so special.” Victoria commented on how the public got behind the Lionesses ahead of the final. She asked if anyone was acting “differently” towards her since the win. The footballer revealed she’s been spending time with her family since the historic game. “They keep me very grounded,” she said. “Spending time with them you feel like a normal person like nothing’s happened. “Going on social media, it is a wake-up call that wow this is really happening.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.