Apple iPhone, iPad and Apple TV users can download a new app which will let them watch hundreds of movies and boxsets free. This week Amazon has released its Freevee app on the App Store, after it launched on the Google Play Store earlier this year. Formerly iMDB TV, Freevee offers access to a range of popular shows and movies which can be watched without paying a penny. The Freevee library includes Original and exclusive content such as Bosch Legacy and Alex Rider, access to classic shows such as The West Wing as well as popular movies like The Breakfast Club, Battle Royale and Les Miserables. Freevee has been added to the Apple App Store after previously launching for Android devices on the Google Play Store as well as for Google TV and other Android TV OS devices. TVs made by the likes of Sony, Panasonic and Hisense can all access the Freevee app as well. While Freevee is also available to access on Fire TV devices and via the Prime Video app. Freevee is the former iMDB TV service which was rebranded back in April to help better highlight the wealth of free content available with the app. You will have to login to the Freevee app with your Amazon account, but once you do you'll be able to watch hundreds of app supported movies and boxsets. Whatever you choose to watch on Freevee your viewing will occasionally be interrupted my adverts, but that's a small inconvenience to watch so much for free. The Freevee app will let you search for on-demand content to watch, or if you're struggling to find something to tune into you can watch live themed channels, or look through different categories like Freevee Originals, popular movies, popular TV and more. If you're wondering what to watch on Freevee, here are a few suggestions... Freevee TV suggestions: Bosch Legacy, Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown, The West Wing, The Shield, Community Freevee movie suggestions: Children of Men, Ring, The Breakfast Club, Battle Royale, The Fortress, Donnie Darko, REC, Assault on Precinct 13, The Road, Traffic, The Good Shepherd