During the latest round of hustings as part of the Conservative Party leadership contest between the foreign secretary and former chancellor Rishi Sunak, a small group of activists broke out in protest within minutes of her taking the stage. The group could be heard shouting “shame on you” as they were quickly escorted out by security to cries of “out, out, out” by the Tory party members. Ms Truss then quickly launched into a diatribe decrying the “militant people who try to disrupt our country”, pledging  to “legislate immediately” to prevent such activists from being provided a platform while the audience roared in applause.    Ms Truss said: “Can I just say a few words on the militant people who try and disrupt our country and who try and disrupt our democratic process, and try and disrupt our essential services. “I would legislate immediately to make sure that we are standing up to militant trade unions who stop ordinary commuters getting into work. “And I would legislate to protect our essential services. And I will make sure that militant activists such as Extinction Rebellion are not able to disrupt ordinary people who work hard, do the right thing and go into work.”     The foreign secretary continued: “And I will never ever ever allow our democracy to be disrupted by unfair protests. “I know the majority of people around the area of Eastbourne are hard-working people who want to do the right thing, and those are the people we are on the side of, and those are people we will stand up for.” Ms Truss has been campaigning around the country since making it into the final two with Rishi Sunak in July. But the Eastbourne hustings have proved the most challenging start to a debate as the first few minutes saw protesters and tech failures undermine her entrance. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak humiliated as script for supporters exposed [REVEAL]    As she attempted to develop a rapport with the crowd of Tory Party members, she was quickly forced to stop after someone called out that they could not hear her. Ms Truss had to pause as she fiddled with her mic to ensure she could be heard by the audience. It was only a matter of minutes later, before she had been able to settle into her opening remarks, that the group of several females broke out in protest. One protester in a black dress filming the ordeal on her phone stood up behind Ms Truss and began shouting inaudibly at the foriegn secretary. After she had been dragged out, there was a moment's silence before a woman sitting to her left, also filming on her phone, stood up and shouted “we are the UK majority”. DON'T MISS: Lord Frost unveils 20 DEMANDS for next PM to protect Brexit Britain [REVEAL] Liz Truss: Which MPs have declared support for Liz Truss? [INSIGHT] Kay Burley goes viral with brutal Tory debate probe into Truss [VIDEO] The security detail tasked with handling the husting quickly intervened, dragging the woman out of the camera shot and eventually out of the arena. The audience of Tory Party members then burst out into a round of applause and jeering as the protests finally settled. Ms Truss and Rishi Sunak have a further eight hustings to attend before the Party members face a deadline to vote for their next leader. The cities the pair will be attending include Darlington, Cheltenham, Perth, Belfast, Manchester, Birmingham, Norwich and then finally London on August 31. The result of the vote will then be announced on September 5, with the next Prime Minister instated the following day. READ NEXT: Interest rates: Calls for ‘urgent review’ of BoE after backlashRemainers must now see EU is in throes of collapse - JONATHAN SAXTYRishi Sunak BRAGS he reduce funding to 'deprived' areas of UKHere's who won last night's leadership election – YOU VOTEDHave your say: What is to blame for the recession?  