Parts of England have had their driest July since records began, according to provisional figures from the Met Office. South-east and central southern England saw an average of only 5.0mm of rain last month, while East Anglia had 5.4mm. Activist Kate Smurthwaite has slammed the use of hosepipes saying that they "churn out water". But journalist Cristo Foufas slammed the idea and insisted plants would die. Host Jeremy Vine interjected: "We're facing the death of Cristo's garden here." Ms Smurthwaite added: "We're not. Cristo will just have to spend an extra 10 minutes filling up with water." Mr Foufas hit back: "It won't take 10 minutes, it will take hours to do that!" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery Ms Smurthwaite continued: "The issue with hosepipes is people leave them on, use them for ages and they're churning out water at a huge rate. "People who use a watering can to water their lawn will use much less water." Mr Foufas insisted: "I would seriously have to fill it up 25 times!" The first hosepipe ban of the year is to come into force following the recent heatwave and one of the driest starts to the year on record. Southern Water is to impose the temporary use ban on its customers in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight from Friday, August 5. This will mean hosepipes cannot be used to water gardens or clean cars, and ornamental ponds and swimming pools must not be filled. The restriction is the first to be put in place in the region since 2012, although the company stressed there is "no direct risk to customer water supply". Alison Hoyle, director of risk and compliance at Southern Water, said river flows are down 25 percent as a result of one of the driest years on record. DON'T MISS POLL: Will you follow the hosepipe ban if enforced in your area? [POLL]Hosepipe ban rules: What happens if you water your garden [INSIGHT]Gardening: Plastic bottle hack for watering plants - how to make [ANALYSIS] She added that, as well as the reduced supply, the hot weather has led to an increased demand for water. Dr Hoyle said: "We haven't taken this decision lightly and we know the temporary use ban will have an impact on our customers. "We're working with the Environment Agency to ensure that we act responsibly to protect our environment. "We're asking everyone in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight to do their bit by supporting these measures and only use the water that they need."