Speaking on ITV’s This Morning on Monday, Lynsey explained that with the cost of living rising, Britons don’t need to spend crazy amounts of money on cleaning products, when there are items in their cupboards that can be used. From bars of soaps for laundry to denture tablets for dirty pans, the expert shared several of her top low cost tips to clean your home this summer. Laundry detergents make it easier to remove dirt, stains, and germs from our clothes in just a jiffy. There are some household products that can be relied on to make household chores convenient, one of which is a bar of soap. Lynsey explained that a bar of soap can be used to create a homemade laundry liquid detergent. She said: “If you run out of laundry liquid detergent, grate some soap and pour it into a spray bottle, shake it, let it sit for an hour and then you can use it as a laundry liquid detergent. “It’s going to cost you peanuts because this bar of soap was only 15p from Tesco. READ MORE: How to get rid of ants from your home - ‘effective’ solution “You need to let this sit for at least an hour to let the water absorb the soap.” For this homemade solution 150ml water and 20ml of grated soap is needed. The queen of clean added: “So you’ve probably got a laundry detergent product that’s costs you 5p to make and do you know what, it works and it works well. “You can leave it in your cupboard for up to three months and it’s still going to be effective, so it’s a really good one.” For those who have sensitive skin they can opt for a sensitive bar of soap. DON'T MISS: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [EXPERT]How to keep your hydrangeas blooming for ‘longer’ - ‘best’ results [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ and ‘natural’ ways to deter pigeons from your garden [TIPS] Another laundry substitute that can be used is a combination of baking soda and white vinegar. White vinegar and baking soda have been used when cleaning the home for several years and they are extremely versatile. The combination tends to be used to clean items like the carpet, targeting limescale and cleaning a toilet but it can also be used to wash clothes. Lynsey said: “You can use bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar in your laundry as a laundry booster so it saves you buying those expensive boosting products.” Unlike fabric softener, it prevents a build-up of residue on items that can eventually turn materials scratchy and make them lose their colour. The expert also noted that white vinegar is a “mould and mildew fighter”, this makes it also a perfect option to clean inside washing machines as well as cleaning clothes. READ MORE: Kitchen trends to ‘avoid’ for room to stay ‘timeless’ - ‘best options’ Oven trays, dirty pots and greasy pans are some of the most frustrating items to clean. Rather than reaching for commercial cleaning products, Lynsey suggested using a used tea bag to remove the stains. She said: “Don’t chuck used tea bags away. They’re great to clean mirrors and stainless steel, but what I like to use it for are dirty pans. “Just pour your water in, leave it and then tip the water down the sink after 15 minutes and no scrubbing required.” Lynsey explained that tea contains tannins which is what gives the beverage its cleaning properties. She added: “I swear on my life it’s brilliant. The tannins in the tea are amazing for removing the dirt.” The cleaning guru also spoke about the amazing cleaning properties denture tables have for such low cost Showing viewers Asda’s brand of denture tablets, the expert said: “Some of us may already have this in our cupboards. You get 13 in there for 75p - they are so good. “Put them down the toilet at night if you don’t want to flush the toilet and wake everyone in the house up. Put it down the loo and it’s going to help keep it clean.” As with the tea bags, Lynsey noted that this trick also works to clean dirty pans. She said: “Pop them in your dirty frying pans with some water and they’ll start to fizz. This is because denture tablets are made with baking soda.” They can also be used to clean coffee stained mugs rather than using bleach. Lynsey said: “If you use bleach it’s not good for you and bleach is only going to mask it, it’s not actually going to get rid of it. “People think that bleach gets rid of stains but it doesn’t necessarily. So they’re really cost effective options if you’re on a tight budget.”