Ian McKellen, 83, was approached by someone claiming to be Zelensky, who was seeking "substantial aid for Ukraine" and LGBT rights in the troubled nation, only to find out when he took the call that he'd been pranked. Unsurprisingly, Ian didn't find the joke funny - and the Lord of the Rings actor then told all on Twitter. "I'm not a politician, so I was surprised some weeks ago to receive a message that appeared to come from the Ukrainian Embassy in London, inviting me to participate in 'a private discussion with President Zelensky'," the Hamlet star began. He elaborated that genuine contacts he had in Ukraine encouraged him to go ahead and take the call. However it quickly became apparent that he had been duped, after he found himself "chatting, apparently, with the President". "As it soon turned out, it was not Zelensky or any Ukrainian official, but one of a pair of Russians who call themselves comedians," he continued. READ NOW: Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims "I understand they're popular in Russia, which is surprising because [their] jokes aren't funny." The duo targeted the actor's sexuality to try to appeal to his conscience, as Ian came out as gay back in 1988, and asked if he would provide help and funding for LGBT rights in the war-torn country. He added: "I played along with things they suggested but was frankly bewildered that they seemed to think I might be in a position to provide substantial aid to Ukraine. "Once I realized it was all just a dirty trick, I declined to cooperate any further." The actor, whose career has spanned seven decades, did not reveal the identity of the pranksters. However his possible near miss with the scammers comes just two months after JK Rowling revealed she too had been duped in a similar way. She had been targeted by Russian comedy duo Vovan and Lexus, who have form with celebrities. The pair also contacted Elton John back in 2015, pretending to seek assistance for gay rights from him too. DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST]  Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  Ian's admission that he'd been targeted led to a flurry of supportive comments from his 4.1 million followers - and some suggested that he should set up a conversation with the real Zelensky instead of dwelling on the prankster that had tried to defeat him. "Is there no depth they will not sink to?" Twitter user @tom66515887 exclaimed. @2HeartsWellness wrote: "This says a LOT about them & little about you, other than you are an earnest, decent soul who thought you were doing something kind by at least responding." Meanwhile @FreshClobberCo chimed in: "It’s disgraceful how the Russians are taking the situation so light heartedly." @ZacharySwanson lamented that he hadn't been able to speak to Zelensky for real, stating: "I think that if more world leaders took time to sit down and talk with you that a lot of things might change." Then @leandrinux added: "You are actually helping by showing everyone how low [these comedians] are willing to go!" Meanwhile, the dance version of Hamlet, starring Ian, has its finale in Edinburgh today, following a run of almost four weeks. @KevinWilsonPR wrote of it as the "Best Event Theatre at the Fringe" and added: "This Hamlet‘s unrivalled excellence will secure its place in history as one of the finest re-tellings of the Bard’s work."