Chelsea have reportedly launched a last-ditch bid to sign Edson Alvarez with the Ajax star extremely keen on a move to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have blown their rivals away this summer in Todd Boehly's first transfer window as the club's new owner with around £250million spent on the likes of Wesley Fofana and Raheem Sterling.  But despite the big outlay on new signings, Chelsea have endured a difficult start to the new season. Tuesday night saw Chelsea slump to a disappointing 2-1 defeat away to Southampton - their second in just five league games. Thomas Tuchel was furious after the game, questioning the attitude of some of his first-team players. He's set to welcome Fofana into his squad this weekend in a boost to their defensive unit. But the German head coach is clearly keen to bolster his midfield before the transfer window closes and Boehly is seemingly willing to back his manager once again. According to Dutch outfit Telegraaf, Chelsea have launched a £43m bid for Ajax midfielder Alvarez. Ajax had previously issued a hands-off warning to Rennes and Newcastle in the transfer window. But Chelsea are aiming to test Ajax's resolve in the final hours before the deadline with a huge bid for the Mexican. It is claimed that Ajax haven't changed their stance, but Alvarez has 'demanded' his club enter talks with the Blues. The bid reportedly came in the wake of Chelsea's frustrating loss to Southampton on Tuesday. Chelsea are in need of some reinforcements in midfield with N'Golo Kante struggling with a hamstring injury. Mateo Kovacic is not fully fit just yet while Jorginho has been far from his best to start the seaosn. Ruben Loftus-Cheek was chosen to start alongside Jorginho in midfield against Southampton with Billy Gilmour an unused substitute on the bench. Conor Gallagher's future at Stamford Bridge remains uncertain, but is attracting plenty of interest prior to deadline day. Tuchel refused to suggest Tuesday's defeat against Southampton was down to Chelsea not having an out-and-out striker. "We are not tough enough as a team. It's not a question of striker, no striker or what we have upfront," he said. "It's the wrong question for me at the moment. Raheem [Sterling] is just one player, and as a team, we are not strong enough at the moment. It's the wrong question."  