Married at First Sight UK is a global reality show phenomenon with different versions of the show filmed around the world. The UK edition will be back on E4, bigger than ever with a whopping 30 episodes to look forward to. Here's everything you need to know about the singletons willing to marry a complete stranger in the hope of discovering their perfect match.  Dress designer, who is also a successful wedding dress designer, April is ready to take the plunge and find her own Mr Right. The 32-year-old believes she is the most driven and ambitious person she knows and is a former Miss Great Britain, having previously come in second place twice at the beauty pageant. Speaking of the experience, she said: "The experts have a great success rate, so I feel like I’ve got nothing to lose and potentially a lot to gain." "Dominant and assertive," Zoe recently turned 30 and hopes to ditch the label of a serial dater. The quantity surveyor from the West Midlands is eager to settle down and eventually start a family of her own. Whitney, a 31-year-old personal assistant from St Albans, has had a difficult couple of years after losing her mum who brought her up to be a "strong and independent woman". She has high expectations and is desperate to avoid reaching the age of 50, living alone with no one but her dogs for company. READ MORE: Nicola Walker gives rare insight to marriage to Barnaby Kay   "It’s so hard to pick out the right people, so I thought why not give the experts a challenge and they can do all the hard work for me," she said. Chanita, 29, is a social worker from Derby, came out of a 10-year relationship two years ago and now feels ready to meet the love of her life. She describes herself as "caring, loyal and protective" and values herself as a good friend. Canadian ex-dancer Lara has so far been married and divorced twice so hasn't had the best of luck with men but has got two sons from her relationships. The waitress from Nottingham used to live a glamourous lifestyle, once flying from Japan to New York for dinner and spending loads of money on clothes. Nowadays, Lara looks up to her parents who have been happily married for 51 years. Jenna never felt that she wanted to get married, hating the traditional concept of a woman taking the man's name. Now, the 32-year-old zero-waste shop owner from Blackpool is ready and willing to put her trust in the experts to find her the perfect man. Jenna said: "I don’t like dating apps and I don’t go out anywhere to meet anyone, so this is the only way I’m going to find love... hopefully."  After leaving school at 16 to have her first child, Kasia didn't know what would become of her life. But through sheer determination, the 36-year-old managed to raise two children as well as launch her own business, a body contouring clinic. With her kids now all grown up, Kasia is focusing more on herself and wants a partner who is just as ambitious but who is also able to take the lead every once in a while. Jess, a dental hygienist from Cambridgeshire, describes herself as "unique, weird but extremely fun and outgoing". The 31-year-old admits sometimes she does what she wants to do without thinking about the consequences which have hindered relationships in the past. However, she is hoping the experiment will find her other half who is able to match her upbeat energy. Jess commented: "On dating apps, people just want to get their leg over – they don’t want to settle down. I want to settle down!" Thomas, a mental health care assistant from Liverpool, is sarcastic, full of energy and loves to be the centre of attention. He is unapologetically loud and doesn't like to back down from an argument. Sharing one of his worries regarding the show, Thomas said: "I’m really concerned they might not like me. That’s okay, but I don’t want to waste their time or my own time." Kwame, a 42-year-old business consultant from London, says that he has done it all: travelled, had a successful career, married became a dad and got divorced. He is a self-confessed ladies' man who admits to being a bit cocky but isn't arrogant. Kwame had some self-esteem issues when he was younger due to his appearance but after working on bulking up and growing a beard, he was announced as Mr Ghana in 2000. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [THEORY]MAFS UK 2021 reunion: All we know so far about MAFS One Year On [EXPLAINER]MAFS experts highlight scary 'Bob moment' [CAST]   Digital designer Adrian loves expressing himself through his fashion and enjoys going on nights out, hosting dinner parties and movie nights at home. He hasn't had the best time when it comes to relationships which he says is down to people taking advantage of his "nice guy persona". Duka has lived in the UK since he was 10 after his family fled from the former Yugoslavia to escape a conflict. He wasn't able to speak a word of English and was bullied for it and now finds it difficult to let people in. The recruitment HR coordinator, 31, is used to women falling at his feet but they are often superficial and he gets bored easily. Duka added: "People see me and think, ‘Oh he’s a d**k head’...but that’s not the case – people are too quick to judge me." Jordan, 29, from Darlington, says he is very spontaneous, is very close to his family and loves to cook. He isn't willing to settle for an easy life and is hoping to find that real true love connection on the show. Financial advisor George, 40, is a dedicated dad and struggled to find that special someone after divorcing their mum. He resides with his two eldest children while his two younger daughters live with their mum. George is a true romantic at heart and wants to find the next love of his life.  Pjay has never been short of attention as he is a dancer and performer with the world-famous Dreamboys. While he has enjoyed the attention on stage, Pjay, 31, he is looking to find the right woman who will be alright with his job. He said: "I want to find out who I really am. I’ve got a lot of love to give and I just want to give it 110 percent." Having spent 23 years working in the music industry, Richie spent much of this time on the road so wasn't able to settle down. He boasts that he appeared on a Russell Watson album and will have the opportunity to perform at the singer's wedding. Richie, 51, describes himself as a good laugh, clever and socially and emotionally intelligent. Married at First Sight UK will return later this year on E4. 