Nestled among the hustle and bustle of the city is St James's Palace, a grand brick palace which offers the Royal Family privacy behind its gates. At several key moments in British royal history, St James's Palace has served as a crucial location. While its precedence as a royal residence has decreased in recent centuries, giving way to the grander Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace, St James's remains hugely important.  St James's Palace is located in London in the City of Westminster, and it is considered the UK's most senior royal palace. Despite this, St James's Palace is not the Queen's primary residence and she has favoured Buckingham Palace as her administrative hub throughout her reign. When a monarch dies, the Accession Council meets at St James's Palace to formally declare the successor to the Crown.  READ MORE: Meghan & Harry’s Jubilee body language gave away their true ‘focus’ Some working members of the Royal Family live at St James's Palace, including the Queen's daughter Princess Anne and her cousin Princess Alexandra. Anne divides her time between St James's Palace and her country estate of Gatcombe Park, using the palace as her base when completing engagements in the capital. The Queen's granddaughter Princess Beatrice is thought to live at the residence with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and their daughter Sienna.   Previously, Beatrice and her sister Princess Eugenie shared an apartment at the complex. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall count Clarence House as their London residence, and it is located nearby to St James's Palace. St James's Palace is the site of several offices, including that of the Royal Collection Trust and the Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps. The palace is used for many functions throughout the year along with state visits and ceremonies. The Royal Family website explains that St James's Palace remains "a busy working palace". With regards to charity receptions members of the Royal Family attend, there are "approximately 100 in a year" held at the residence.   DON'T MISS: Princess Beatrice likely lost weight with 'easy & accessible' tip [INSIGHT] How to dress like a royal - the tricks Kate, Meghan and Beatrice use [ANALYSIS]Inside Princess Beatrice's £3.5m renovated home in the Cotswolds [PICTURES] St James's Palace was established in the 16th Century by the famous King Henry VIII, and the style of the Tudor period is reflected throughout the building's architecture. Queen Elizabeth I spent the night at St James's Palace before travelling to Tilbury to give her famous Spanish Armada speech. But St James's Palace fell out of favour with the Royal Family during the reign of King George III. The Hanoverian monarch purchased Buckingham House (the future Buckingham Palace) for his wife Queen Charlotte. George's granddaughter Queen Victoria formally began using Buckingham Palace as her primary residence in the following century. Queen Victoria married Prince Albert at the Chapel Royal on the grounds of St James's Palace. Several notable royals have lived at St James's Palace over the years, including King Edward VIII when he was the Prince of Wales. 