Esther Agbarakwe, who works at the United Nations as a program officer, shared a picture of Meghan and wrote: "Respect. Compassion. Service." The Sussex fan added: "It was amazing meeting her and her husband earlier this year." The image features Meghan greeting Eddie Ndopu, a South African disability rights advocate and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) champion. UN Deputy Secretary-General Amina Mohammed can be seen standing next to them. The photo is thought to have been taken on the sidelines of the Global Citizen Live music festival, which aims to push for greater action to combat climate change, in September last year. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a special appearance there as they teamed up with Global Citizen to encourage vaccine distribution to the parts of the world most in need. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'trying to brand himself as leader in US' as he models himself on idol Meghan and Harry took to the stage at Central Park hand in hand to urge rich countries to share one billion doses of COVID-19 jabs with the nations that are struggling most with the coronavirus pandemic. They made their joint public appearance just months after the birth of their daughter Lilibet. Prince Harry, 37, welcomed the crowd by asking: "Are we prepared to do what is necessary to end this pandemic?" Wife Meghan, 41, joined in by vowing: "There is so much that we can do today, now, that can get us closer to ending this pandemic – and that's why we're all here." The pair, who stepped down from royal duties more than two years ago, said they had sat with independent health leaders to further understand how to achieve global vaccine equity. But Ms Agbarakwe is understood to have met Meghan and Harry at a different UN event at which the duke spoke of issues including the war in Ukraine and misinformation. The prince warned the UN General Assembly, which gathered to mark Nelson Mandela International Day on July 18, of a "global assault on democracy and freedom" DON'T MISSKate and William to have 'bigger privacy' away from Kensington [INSIGHT]Queen health: Her Majesty’s ‘mental’ state addressed [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle's pal shares rare behind-the-scenes pic of Duchess [IMAGE] He also criticised global leaders for their inaction on climate change legislation, saying the world was "on fire" again. The royal, who moved from the United Kingdom to California in 2020, even — though subtly — condemned the overturning of abortion rights in the United States. In a sombre tone, he said in his keynote speech: "How many of us feel battered, helpless, in the face of a seemingly endless stream of disasters and devastation? "This has been a painful year in a painful decade." Replying to Ms Agbarakwe's remarks about Meghan, other fans joined in to hail the duchess. One Twitter user said: "That's so nice to hear – seems everyone who meets Princess Meghan says the same!" A second wrote: "You might get hate for saying that, but I hope love will be stronger. "All Sussex Squad is glad this is what you have to say about the meeting, and we truly support you! "We all know pretty well how amazing Meghan is, so thank you for confirming and sharing that!" Another noted: "She always seems so absolutely lovely... thanks for sharing."