To help with spiralling living costs, the Government has been issuing cost of living payments over the summer to households in need as part of a £15billion support package. More instalments will be distributed in the upcoming months, and here is the complete breakdown. Inflation has been on a sharp incline since the beginning of the year, with figures jumping to 10.1 percent as of the most recent Consumer Price Index (CPI) report published in July. But while inflationary figures are expected to exceed 13 percent by the end of the year as energy prices take another leap, the Government’s additional support schemes are in place with the aim to help soften the blow. The cost of living payments include: READ MORE: Entirely free way to save £195 a year on your energy bills  Over 7.2 million families have already received the first half of the main £650 cost of living payment over the summer, while the disability, energy, and pensioner payments will be distributed in September, October, and November respectively. Here’s the complete rundown of payments, dates, and eligibility. The £650 cost of living payment is being made in two lump sums and to be eligible, a person must be on one of the following means-tested benefits:  To receive the first £326 instalment of the payment, claimants must have been entitled to receive a benefit payment for an assessment period ending between April 26, 2022 and May 25, 2022. The qualifying dates for the second payment have not been announced yet. For those who claim Universal Credit, Income-related Employment Support Allowance, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income Support and Pension Credit, the first instalment of £326 would have hit bank accounts between July 14 to July 31. The second instalment for these groups, which amounts to £324, will be distributed in autumn, but the exact date is yet to be announced. Households on tax credits, however, should expect the first payment of £326 in September and the second instalment of £324 from winter 2022. The exact dates for these also haven’t been announced yet. DON'T MISS: Homeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [INSIGHT]UK's worst energy blackouts EVER — Will history repeat itself? [ANALYSIS]Attendance Allowance explained - could you claim £369 a month? [EXPLAINED]   To be eligible for the disability cost of living payment of £150, individuals must have been claiming any of the following benefits on May 25: According to the Government website, payments will be distributed from September 2022. It notes that payments will be made to people who get a qualifying disability from the DWP before payments to people who get a qualifying benefit from the Ministry of Defence. The Energy Bills Support Scheme will deliver a £400 non-repayable discount to households with a domestic electricity connection across England, Scotland and Wales. The discount will be applied to bills by suppliers over a period of six months starting in October, as follows:  If a person does not get the first discount by the end of October, it’s advised they reach out to their energy supplier. Pensioner households entitled to a Winter Fuel Payment for winter 2022 to 2023 will get an additional one-off £300 on top of the normal payment from November 2022. The full amount of Winter Fuel Payment households receive depends on individual circumstances, from age to house occupants. To see the full details of eligibility and payment terms, visit the Government website, here. 