The days leading up to travel should be filled with excitement, but they can often be spent organising, especially when it comes to your suitcase. Regardless of whether you are travelling with hand luggage alone, or have a checked allowance, packing everything you need in line with tight restrictions can be troublesome. While there is an array of packing methods out there, many people either opt to fold or roll their clothing. Both methods are hailed for their own space-saving benefits, however, it is also thought that each can avoid wrinkles, though in slightly different ways. Rolling squeezes the air from between folds and makes the most use of available space. If done correctly, it can also ensure fewer wrinkles in your clothes. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip to sit together - 'never pay' On the other hand, strategically folding your clothes can also ensure you are able to fit more clothes in the small gaps of your suitcase. Folding does run the risk of creating one large crease in your clothing, along each fold. If you are heading to a hotel or apartment with an iron, this can easily be amended upon arrival. According to Adam Ewart, CEO of Send My Bag, however, there is another little-known method which is a combination of the two. He explained: "Rolling is a space saver and rolling in order of use makes a lot of sense. "But if you want to save space, pack items in order, and save wrinkles, you can also try the bundle technique. "This works by using a fixed-sized object, like an organiser pouch that you can fill with soft items. "The pouch can act as a 'pillow' that you will wrap your clothes around." For travellers constrained by cabin bag restrictions, saving space is likely to be a top priority. In this instance, Mr Ewart recommends opting for the traditional rolling method. He said: "Always roll, you can even use your socks at either end to save space and hold the rolls together." Socks can also be tucked inside of other items to make sure you are maximising the space available. DON'T MISSFlight attendant secret: How do crew open toilet doors from outside? [INSIGHT]‘Disgusting!’ Hen party flash plane’s pilot [COMMENT]Popular expat destination has the world’s best lifestyle [REPORT] Mr Ewart said: "Don't let items such as shoes kill space, put socks inside shoes and make sure any other items with voids are not left empty." And though many airlines do specify a weight for hand luggage, Mr Ewart says this is less important than ensuring your bag fits the correct dimensions. He explained: "Hand luggage is rarely weighed. "If you think you're going to be over your checked baggage weight, try and shift heavier items to hand luggage."