Rising energy, fuel, and food prices in the UK mean that households across the country are struggling to pay their bills. However, there are some changes families can do to their homes now before things deteriorate in winter, according to an expert. Pete Mugleston, managing director and mortgage expert at www.onlinemortgageadvisor.co.uk, shared some of his top tips with Express.co.uk. He said: “Starting with the obvious, always make sure to unplug devices that you’re not using. Even if you leave a device on standby, it can still be draining power. “In particular, kitchen appliances are notoriously evil. If you’re not using a coffee machine, microwave or toaster – switch it off. READ MORE: House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ “You can take it a step further by also switching off game consoles and televisions at the plug when not in use.” While Britons can still enjoy a few weeks of summer, winter is not too far away. Before the cold sweeps over the country, Pete warned that “insulation is crucial”. He said: “Insulating your roof can shave hundreds of pounds off your energy bills per year, depending on your home.  “Roughly a quarter of your home’s heat is lost through poor insulation in the roof, so fixing this will go a long way to improving energy efficiency. “This doesn’t have to be an expensive process either – you can buy and install insulation relatively easily. There are also Government grants and schemes that will subsidise this for you. “Even if you already have some loft insulation, you could save money in the long run by topping it up from 120mm to the recommended 270mm – so it’s beneficial to check this.” Another easy task to try to decrease your energy bill is to install a smart-meter, according to Pete. He continued: “Don’t worry, buying a smart-meter isn’t like a smartphone and it won’t cost a fortune. “Most are free and you can even request one from your energy provider. Plus, it saves you from having to fumble around in a dark, dingey cupboard to check your energy usage.” Pete went on to say that “one quick fix that people might not consider is washing your clothes at a lower temperature”. “Even switching from a 40-degree wash to a 30-degree wash can noticeably lessen the amount of electricity used,” he explained. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “If you’re also able to limit your washes to once per week, then you will still definitely be able to save some money on bills in the home.” Adjusting the temperature on your fridge or freezer can also help. Pete said this is a “simple and cost-effective tip for saving energy in your home that many people easily overlook or forget to carry out”. He added: “Your fridge should ideally be kept at a temperature of about 3-5°C, whilst your freezer should be set around -18°C in order to work optimally and without using unnecessary amounts of energy. “When it comes to using your fridge or freezer, although it might seem obvious, try not to leave either of the doors open for lengthy periods of time as this’ll mean the appliance will have to work that little bit harder and ultimately use more energy as a result.”