Nick Kyrgios has written himself into the history books after becoming the first man to claim both the singles and doubles titles at the Citi Open in Washington on Sunday. In scooping the two trophies at the same event, the Aussie matched a rare feat previously achieved by Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, but one never accomplished by the great Novak Djokovic. Kyrgios comprehensively dispatched of Yoshihito Nishioka 6-4 6-3 in the singles final in just 81 minutes before returning to the Stadium Court at Rock Creek Park Tennis Centre a short time later to team up with Jack Sock and defeat Ivan Dodig and Austin Krajicek 7-5 6-4 to win the doubles crown. The 27-year-old continued the best season of his career in fine style, following up his Wimbledon final appearance last month with his first ATP Tour title in three years. The singles honour was Kyrgios' seventh ATP title and his first success since winning at Washington in 2019. In lifting the two trophies, Kyrgios joined an exclusive group of players to have won the singles and doubles titles at the same event - an achievement which still eludes the 21-time Grand Slam winner and this year's Wimbledon champion Djokovic. The Serb has only ever claimed one doubles title in his career, the Queen's Club trophy, alongside Jonathan Erlich in London back in 2010, but unlike Kyrgios, Djokovic wasn't able to claim the singles crown at the same event. The exceptional feat is one previously achieved by Federer and Nadal though. MUST READ: Nick Kyrgios and Andy Murray in US Open danger with tough draw and Medvedev clash looming The Swiss icon, who has 20 Grand Slam titles to his name, has achieved the double trophy feat twice, claiming singles and doubles successes at the same event at the Vienna Open back in 2003 and at the Halle Open two years later - winning both doubles titles alongside compatriot Yves Allegro. Meanwhile, 22-time Grand Slam winner Nadal scooped the double honour at Monte Carlo in 2008, achieving success in the doubles while partnered with fellow Spaniard Tommy Robredo. Following his astonishing singles success in Washington, in which he held his serve a whopping 64 times without being broken, Kyrgios was overcome with emotion as he reflected on his previous battles with mental health. The Canberra product said: “It’s very emotional for me. To see where I was at last year to now it’s just an incredible transformation. “I just came out with great energy, I knew I had experience on my side today. I love this court, I’ve played so many great matches here so I’m just really really happy with it. MORE TENNIS NEWSMurray coach shares Nadal, Federer and Djokovic 'regret''Next Nadal' Carlos Alcaraz seeks Wimbledon revengeNadal faces being sued for pulling out Federer-type tour “I’ve been in some really dark places and just to be able to turn it around ... there’s so many people that helped me get there but just myself, I’ve shown some serious strength to just persevere and continue and get through all those times and to still be able to perform.” The singles success has propelled Kyrgios up to 37 in the world rankings and saw him take another sizeable step towards gaining a singles seeding for the US Open, which begins in New York on August 29. The Aussie faces Argentina’s Sebastian Baez in the first round of the Montreal Open in his next match on Tuesday.