Lord Stevens said the 36-year-old Royal was so well-liked and her death was so sudden and violent the truth will never be satisfactory for some. The one-time Scotland Yard chief headed a team of elite detectives and specialists who investigated the car crash in Paris on August 31, 1997. Lord Stevens said: "She was so popular. People find it very difficult to understand how someone like that could die in such an accident. "You will have certain people around who, whatever the evidence, will still think there is a conspiracy here. I think it is probably impossible to persuade them otherwise." On the fateful night, the Mercedes carrying the Princess, being driven by French chauffeur Henri Paul - who was well over the drink limit - struck a Fiat at speed.  The Royal's car, also being chased by paparazzi, then hit a pillar in the winding Pont de L'Alma tunnel. Diana died along with her boyfriend Dodi Fayed, 42, and Paul, 41. Bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones, now 54, was horribly injured but survived. None had been wearing a seat belt.  Lord Stevens launched Operation Paget in 2004 after allegations Diana had been killed by the establishment. The inquiry, costing £3.7million, probed 104 allegations. Social media still repeats fictitious claims the Princess was killed by security services on Prince Philip's orders. Lord Stevens, head of the Met from January 2000 to December 2004, spoke before last night's first episode in a four-part Channel 4 documentary Investigating Diana: Death In Paris. Evidence gathered over two years by Operation Paget was accepted by the public inquiry into Diana's death. It concluded she died as a result of a tragic accident. A jury at a coroner's inquest returned a verdict in 2008 of unlawful killing by Mr Paul and the paparazzi. The conclusion was not accepted by Dodi's father Mohamed Al-Fayed, who claimed the deaths were foul play. Operation Paget was looked into at the inquest. Lord Stevens said: "We had been through six months of difficult cross-examination. Mohamed had said some nasty things.  "When the verdicts came out, it was a relief. We had put so much time and effort into it to get to the truth." British and French detectives tried to trace the Fiat driver but a man they believed was in that car denied it. Lord Stevens met Princes William and Harry prior to Operation Paget's findings being disclosed in 2006. He said: "It was very emotional. They asked to see me on my own. It wasn't easy. There was anger around a number of issues, but the main one was paparazzi." Diana had a premonition of her own death in a crash, voicing her fears in October 1995 to Lord Mishcon. His note of that was handed to the Met Police after Diana's death but not passed to the French until six years later. Michael Mansfield QC, who represented Mr Al-Fayed, told the documentary: "The note is important."