The Spanish King and Queen surprised tourists as they casually walked through the city centre while enjoying their summer holiday. King Felipe met his wife and daughters in the Balearic capital after an official visit to Colombia.  Queen Letizia wore pale blue belted shorts with a white, long sleeved shirt tucked in. She finished off her look with a sleek ponytail and sunglasses, opting for a white and blue canvas bag and casual flats. King Felipe opted for beige shorts with a blue polo tucked in. Princess Leonor, who will turn 17 in October, wore a stunning pink summer dress and wedge espadrilles, while her sister sported a patterned white and green dress for the occasion.  The four of them were seen chatting away and laughing, with sisters Leonor and Sofia seen arm-in-arm on several occasions. The Royal Family walked along Jaume II street, where they stopped to admire the modernist building Can Forteza-Rey. They then strolled around Placa Major and continued along Carrer Sindact – one of Palma’s busiest shopping streets. Their appearance was brief and took place early in the morning to avoid the hot temperatures currently bathing the country, with Palma seeing highs of 35C this week.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's days before stardom laid bare The family are expected to stay on the island this summer before Leonor continues her studies in Wales. She will be entering her second year of baccalaureate classes at the UWC Atlantic College. Last Friday, the family were spotted dining out on the island at the Ola del Mar restaurant. Letizia was also spotted going out for dinner with her daughters and mother-in-law.  DON'T MISS:Bond Street station evacuated: Emergency crew rush to train [PICTURES]Mum-of-eight dies at 47 after spending years indoors [INSIGHT]Grandad, 76, 'turned away from Liverpool bar for being too old' [COMMENT] The four visited the Sa Llotja neighbourhood where they ate at the Beatnik Palma restaurant. They were then seen browsing several jewellery stalls, as well as stalls specialising in handmade soaps and creams. The King and Queen regularly visit Mallorca, often choosing to holiday there while on their summer break. Last summer, the family travelled to the municipality of Escorca in the Sierra de Tramontana where they visited the most important sanctuary on the island, the Basilica of Our Lady of Lluc. 