Erik ten Hag insists he feels no added pressure despite Manchester United splashing a record £231million on his summer transfer wishlist. The United coach expects to add £85.5million Ajax winger Antony and on loan Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka for £5m to his first-team group, making it six summer signings in all. They join Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez at £56m, Tyrell Malacia at £14.6m and £70m midfielder Casemiro as the new faces in a revamped squad. But while Ten Hag accepted his purchases have ramped up expectation he maintains the pressure to deliver has not changed one bit from his first day at Old Trafford. “If you want to compete at the top, you don’t have a choice,” he said. “All the clubs spent this kind of money. If you want to fight for the top four positions you have to do it. “We have the ambition, especially in the long term, to play for trophies. We had to do this, I think.” Asked whether he felt the huge spend had increased pressure on him, he said: “No. I analysed the squad with a clear vision but we were on one page from the first talks I had with the club. “They also saw the same – which positions we definitely had to strengthen. I am happy in those positions, we analysed the squad and succeeded in filling in with quality players.” Confirmation of Ten Hag’s latest two signings is expected on Thursday with the manager hopeful that the former may yet make an appearance against Arsenal on Sunday. Ten Hag also confirmed that the pair would be the end of United’s transfer dealings and that Cristiano Ronaldo will be going nowhere after talks. The veteran striker had tried to get out of Old Trafford prior to the start of the season with a view to joining a Champions League club only for there to be no takers. But after talks between manager and striker Ten Hag insisted the five-time Ballon D’Or winner remains a key part of his plans for the season. “From the start we said we planned with him,” he said. “We are happy with him, he’s happy to be here and we want to make the season a success together. We have spoken several times and we are all on one page. You can see in training that it is clear that he has the capabilities to fit in. He is a great player and he will fit in every system or every style. He knows what the demands are.” Those on Ten Hag have increased whether he admits it publicly or not but in bringing in half a dozen new players will at least keep the pressure on those in possession of the shirt. “It’s good that there is competition. I think it’s natural in a top club – this situation has to be there. We need players and you cannot cover all the games with the same players,” said Ten Hag. “Now we have that opportunity to choose and I’m lucky that we have that situation.”