Leeds are reportedly ready to increase their bid for Zurich star Wilfried Gnonto after their first offer fell £2.5million short of the Swiss champions' demands. The Italian is one of Jesse Marsch’s top targets as he looks to add to his frontline however he faces competition from Serie A side Monza. Gnonto enjoyed a breakout year in the Swiss Super League last season, scoring eight goals as Zurich romped to the League title, their first since 2009. His form was enough to see him gain a call-up to the Italian national team scoring once in four caps. He has now helped his team qualify for the Europa League group stages beating Scottish side Heart of Midlothian to set up a glamour tie against Arsenal. At just 18-years-old Gnonto is seen as a player for the future at Elland Road but one who can also improve the squad in the short term. Leeds have already seen a bid of around £4.2m rejected by the Swiss side who are believed to be holding out for £6.7m. Now Gazzetta dello Sport journalist Alfredo Pedulla reports that Leeds are ready to up their offer for the striker, whose contract expires at the end of the season. It remains to be seen whether or not they will meet Zurich’s valuation. If they do not they could lose the player to the Italian top tier. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag replies to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer question with vow Leeds are keen to sign another striker this summer after being linked with a host of names across Europe. The Whites were beaten by AC Milan for Club Brugge striker Charles De Ketelaere but have recently also been linked to Wolves star Hwang Hee-Chan. The need for another forward has been reinforced by the injury to current No 9 Patrick Bamford. The Englishman endured an injury-hit campaign last season and has faced similar bad luck this year. The American has said he would like to bring in a new striker to the club but only if the price was right. “Striker, yes,” he began. “How likely it is is dependent on how things play out and what availabilities are of players. We certainly don’t have a surplus of big amounts of money to go out to spend and bring in a huge transfer. READ MORE: Liverpool 'bid' for Frenkie de Jong 'not recorded' by Barcelona “But I think we’ve done a good job of evaluating players that are of high interest to us. “Then we’re waiting to see and having good communication with different clubs and agents and players to see if there might be flexibility and what their contracts are and what their situations are, (so) that we can still add a quality piece to what we’re doing.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here