Galaxy Z Fold 4 was revealed during the latest Galaxy Unpacked, streamed online on August 10. While the fourth-generation foldable won't be on store shelves until August 26 in the UK, Samsung has already launched pre-orders with some truly incredible deals. If you missed the announcement, Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 arrives with a slightly bigger 7.6-inch AMOLED display with 120Hz high refresh-rate. The selfie camera hidden beneath the folding screen is better disguised (a common complaint with the Galaxy Z Fold 3) so that it doesn't interrupt your work or boxset binge on the expansive tablet-like screen. Samsung has redesigned the hinge, so the handset is a little lighter. It's also rated IPX8, which means it can be dunked in one metre of fresh water without any issues ...so no need to nestle your foldable in a bag of rice overnight if you accidentally drop it into the pool or spill a drink over it. For a limited time, Galaxy Z Fold 4 pre-orders can secure up to £580 off when you trade-in your existing handset. Your old phone doesn't even need to be working in order to qualify for Samsung's supercharged trade-in discount! And that's not all. Ahead of the Galaxy Z Fold 4 release date on August 26, anyone who purchases the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 will get a one-year subscription to Disney+ (worth £79.90) and a one-year membership to Samsung Care+ (worth £109). For those who don't know, Care+ is an insurance policy that offers free repairs. If you're a renowned butter-fingers or worry about the durability of folding phones, this should provide peace of mind. If you want to continue the Care+ membership, you'll need to pay £109 for the second year of coverage (that still works out at 50% off your coverage) There are a number of reasons to buy the brand-new Galaxy Z Fold 4 direct from Samsung. As well as Samsung bolstering the trade-in discounts up to £580, one-year of Disney+ and Samsung Care+ for free ...Samsung will also bundle a Galaxy Note pack (worth £89.99) that includes a protective case, charger for the Galaxy Z Fold 4, and an S Pen stylus. Support for the S Pen – which lets you sign PDFs, make handwritten notes, and draw on the expansive 7.6-inch AMOLED screen – is one of the new features included with this fourth-generation foldable. Samsung has redesigned the productivity-focused accessory with a softer tip, so that it doesn't damage the folding display. The high-tech stylus for the Fold series alone costs around £44, so you're making a serious saving on accessories with this deal! The protective case included for free comes with a dedicated slot to store the S Pen when travelling too. Prices start from £1,649 for the Galaxy Z Fold 4 with 256GB storage built-in – although that drops down to £1,069 if you trade-in your current handset. Samsung also sells Galaxy Z Fold 4 models with 512GB and 1TB storage. The Galaxy Z Fold 4 is available in Greygreen, Beige, and Phantom Black. Samsung has reserved one final colour – Burgundy – as an exclusive for its own online and high street stores. It's available at no extra cost. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 is also available on a pay monthly contract, with the biggest UK mobile carriers all revealing pre-order deals for the new foldable. It's worth noting that regardless of whether you buy the Galaxy Z Fold 4 direct from Samsung or with a pay monthly contract from EE, Three, O2, Vodafone, Sky Mobile, or others ...you'll still be able to claim the 12-months free subscription to Disney+. Likewise, if you buy a new Galaxy Z Fold 4 and activate the new handset before September 30, you'll be able to claim 12-months of Samsung Care+ for free too. That's because these deals are handled by Samsung directly and will be redeemed from the manufacturer's website – not the network that you'll chosen for your mobile data, text messages and calls. However, some mobile networks – such as O2 – will include free subscriptions of their own, so you'll have even more freebies to test out on your new handset. We've put together the latest Galaxy Z Fold 4 deals below from the major networks... MORE LIKE THIS