The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge live in Apartment 1A in Kensington Palace. The former home of Princess Margaret and her husband, Lord Snowdon, the couple have lived there since 2017, when William left his role with the East Anglian Air Ambulance. Prince George was then able to go to school in London, and it also helped the couple carry out their royal duties in the capital. Before their move, the pair lived in Anmer Hall in Norfolk. The floor plan of Apartment 1A in Kensington Palace is unique, according to reports. Kate and William sleep on the ground floor rather than upstairs as the property has two master bedrooms on the ground floor. The upper floors of the property are dedicated to the family’s staff. The fact there are two master bedrooms means that Kate and William are able to sleep apart if they so wished. READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals' Built in 1605, Kensington Palace is worth a whopping £635million today. When the Duke and Duchess moved into Apartment 1A, they renovated the place, which cost them a huge £85,000. This is around £1.5million in today’s money. In 2016, Barack and Michelle Obama visited Kate and William at Apartment 1A, which gave royal fans a glimpse into the home. Pictures of the drawing room were released, which featured floral furniture, golden accessories, and antique ornaments. DON'T MISS: 'Disappears!' Clean marks off walls in seconds with ‘special solution’ [REVEALED]‘Leaves clothes bone dry’: ‘Cheap’ and ‘effective’ way to dry clothes [EXPLAINER]'Do not use bleach': Key reason to avoid it is to clean a toilet tank [COMMENT] There is an image of Kate and the First Lady sitting on a cream-coloured sofa with floral and gold cushions. Behind the sofa were white shelves filled with books, lamps, and a huge bouquet of flowers. It is understood that Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis’ bedrooms have been decorated with IKEA furniture. During a visit to the National Museum of Architecture and Design in Stockholm in 2016, the Duchess of Cambridge told IKEA’s Head of Design, Marcus Engman, that she had chosen to fit Prince George’s room with furniture from IKEA. Marcus was impressed, saying: “I’m proud that we can suite everybody. “That’s what we want IKEA to be – for the many people of the world, both royalty and ordinary people.” It is believed the couple selected the iconic brand for its durability and stylish simplicity. During the pandemic, royal fans were treated to more glimpses inside Kensington Palace. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Via video calls, Kate showed the world another living room, which featured an olive green sofa with floral cushions. An oak cupboard was behind the sofa adorned with multiple portraits in small, gold frames. Plants stood on either side of the cupboard and the walls were cream. Kate, William, and the children will be moving to Windsor in September, around the same time as George, Charlotte, and Louis will start at Lambrook school near Ascot, Berkshire.