The Big Breakfast made its epic return on Saturday and saw Mo Gilligan and AJ Odudu taking the reigns to host the Channel 4 reboot. The duo looked thrilled to be there as they welcomed the show's former presenter Denise Van Outen onto the programme. However, just minutes into the episode, some viewers claimed to "switch off". "We are live on Channel 4," AJ began as the presenters introduced themselves. Mo continued: "Your weekend is about to kick off like never before." "So, come on into our brand new house as we welcome you to The Big Breakfast." The crowds could be heard cheering as the presenters took their seats. READ MORE: Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall "Welcome to The Big Breakfast," AJ shouted through the cheers of applause. "We will be here taking up your Saturday mornings for the next four weeks from 10am all the way to 12.30pm." "That's right, we are back by popular demand," Mo explained before adding: "And we have moved into a brand new house in a secret location." However, AJ went on to accidentally reveal where the house was located. However, just minutes into the show, some viewers weren't keen on the format, and others felt the presenters were being over-enthusiastic. User @PeoplesPedagog1 said: "I may well have to turn off #TheBigBreakfast within 10 mins. "Oh dear Christ, is it just me or is it really dire? Production values? Nil. I like Mo normally but the other mouth almighty is squawking & nobody can hear anything. Where’s Zig and Zag? I like Denise mind." (sic) Ruthie said: "Managed about 10 minutes of #TheBigBreakfast before having to switch over. I remember it being chaotic, but the constant shouting grates on me." (sic) DON'T MISS...This Morning uproar as Matthew Wright slammed for 'blaming' women [REACTION]Emmerdale's Cain Dingle star 'saddened' by colleague's exit [VIDEO]Shetland's Tosh star ‘bereft’ over Douglas Henshall’s exit [INSIGHT] Rosa added: "#TheBigBreakfast loving the new big breakfast, love Denise. But AJ stop shouting and slow down, can't keep up!" User @Sheltie went on to say: "Why does AJ Odudu need to shout? #TheBigBreakfast." Matty tweeted: "Just checked out #TheBigBreakfast watch for about minute and turn that s**t over boring." (sic) "I woke up, especially for the #TheBigBreakfast but turn it down. We don't need shouty," @panicdragon8784 complained.  Joel said: "#TheBigBreakfast reboot is so good! It feels fresh and contemporary but it’s got that classic 90s-00s cheekiness and excitement! "This is perfect weekend morning TV, and I’m so glad it’s not another cookery or sports show." Marverine went on to praise: "Wow! #BigBreakfast @Channel4 is really bringing some brilliant vibes right now. "I am loving this @AJOdudu @MoTheComedian #channel4."  The Big Breakfast airs on Saturday at 10am on Channel 4.