Lewis Hamilton and George Russell and Red Bull’s other opposition have been “hurt” by a new FIA rule introduced at the Belgian Grand Prix, according to F1 pundit Peter Windsor. Red Bull has looked dominant in Spa all weekend with Max Verstappen six-tenths quicker than the nearest Ferrari in qualifying yesterday. The Dutchman’s time was a massive 1.8 seconds faster than the Mercedes of Lewis Hamilton in a horror session for the Silver Arrows. The new technical directive mandates a minimum oscillation test to reduce porpoising. However, the rule also cracks down on flexible floors which George Russell accused Red Bull of using over the Hungarian Grand Prix weekend. It was widely expected the changes would play to Mercedes benefit and bring them closer to the frontrunners. However, Windsor has warned the rule change has backfired for Red Bull's rivals as Verstappen surged ahead on Saturday. READ MORE: Max Verstappen rubs salt in Mercedes wounds with brutal comment He explained: “The new technical directive hasn't hurt Red Bull at all. It's hurt their opposition much more.” Verstappen fired back at Mercedes after the session, joking the new rules had been “very bad” for the team as he eased to pole. He explained: “Yes, that technical directive has been very, very bad for us I didn't expect it would make much difference to our car. "Whether that is the case for Ferrari, I don't know. And Mercedes is a bit short of top speed this year anyway, so it's no surprise that they are not competitive here. It also has to do with the layout of the track. This year we are fast on the straight and somehow we can now combine that with speed in the corners. Then you can make a big gap here. "But I didn't expect it would be that much here.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton caught on camera inspecting Max Verstappen's car [INSIGHT]Wolff makes grim Mercedes admission as Hamilton left 'hurting' [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton takes swipe at Mercedes car after Belgian GP qualifying [COMMENT] Hamilton was only quick enough for seventh in qualifying yesterday with team-mate Russell eighth. However both drivers will start inside the top-five as Verstappen, Charles Leclerc and Esteban Ocon drop to the back with grid penalties. Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff slammed the performance after the session after Russell secured pole back in Budapest. He said: “You can’t be on pole three weeks before, albeit for very different conditions, different track, and then be 1.8 seconds off the pace at the next one. So there’s something we totally don’t understand, or seem to get right. “Clearly, Red Bull are here in a league of their own, as the next Ferrari is eight-tenths off. But that’s no consolation. It’s for me the worst qualifying session I had in 10 years. And irrespective of what positions we will start in tomorrow, being on pole the previous weekend and three weeks later being nowhere, it’s just not acceptable for ourselves.”