Earlier this year, Silent Witness fans were thrilled to see the return of the BBC drama as it marked its 25th season. Amanda Burton also reprised her role as the iconic Sam Ryan and joined Dr Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) as they helped police to solve a set of mysterious deaths. Fans were also eager to see how Nikki and Jack’s new relationship will play out. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Emilia excitedly confirmed she was filming for series 26. The actress went on to add that she is juggling her filming commitments for Silent Witness, as well as her new Crime+Investigation series Murdertown. “I'm pretty sure I could say that we're filming series 26,” the Nikki Alexander star began. “So, we are filming it [Silent Witness] and we will be filming it until November, and then we will film some more Murder Town for this series. READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  “So, to film them alongside each other has been a very lucky thing to be able to do.” Addressing her future on the BBC drama, Emilia continued: “I never expected to be still playing Nicky Alexander 18 years later, but I love it and I still love the show as much as when I first started on it. “So, it’s thanks to the loyal fans of Silent Witness, and the new audiences that have come to it as well. “And the enthusiasm for the show means that it is still being made and I love it.” “And if the audience loves it, and then hopefully it will carry on being made, but you never know,” she added. At the end of series 25, viewers watched Nikki and Jack’s friendship blossom into something more. However, the 48-year-old teased that things may become difficult between the couple in the upcoming series. “We are in a series where you've seen Jack and Nicky’s friendship move into a closer relationship and how that works. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [REACTION]BBC Breakfast viewers distracted by host's appearance after return [VIDEO]Oti Mabuse horrifies Big Breakfast viewers with 'disgusting' habit [INSIGHT] “You know, when you've known someone for a long time but you're suddenly in a relationship, does that make it more difficult, and what will happen to them? “So I look forward to seeing what the writers come up with in the future.” While Emilia has no plans of leaving Silent Witness, the actress opened up about her new true crime series called Murdertown. The series, which is set to air in September, will see Emilia visiting different towns and cities, where she will look at some of the UK's most shocking murders.    The Crime+Investigation documentary will also hear from victims, experts and witnesses, as it examines the impact the killings had on the local communities around them. "When I was approached about Murdertown, I watched the first three series of the show," the Nikki Alexander star explained. "I thought they were stories that were really expertly told, with a focus on the victims, who they were and what happened to them. "The stories being told with sensitivity and respect to the people who have been affected by the crimes and who have lost loved ones. "I also thought there was an angle to it, you know, in bringing this variety of voices to the show."  Silent Witness is available to watch on BritBox and BBC iPlayer and Murdertown is available to stream on C+I PLAY from the 12th September with the first episode premiering on 11th September at 9pm on Crime + Investigation.