Darcy is best known for playing Marcus Dean on Emmerdale, the heartthrob who has stolen Ethan Anderson's (Emile John) heart and also, the estranged son of villain Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather). Despite his introductory storyline on the ITV soap, Darcy hasn't had a huge storyline of his own as of yet but it seems there are plans in motion to put him front and centre of the show. Away from the camera, life is very different for the actor, who has had an interesting life before finding his feet in his chosen career. According to the world of the weeknight serial drama, Darcy's character Marcus is 30 years old, having been born in 1992. This isn't too far off the soap star's actual age as Darcy is currently 31 years old, having been born on 5 June 1991. The actor is active on social media but he did not inform his 3,792 Instagram followers how he marked the occasion a couple of months ago. However, his birthday was just a few days before the British Soap Awards, which was the first one he had ever attended. Posting a picture of himself and his co-stars on the platform, the actor said: "Thank you to each and every one of you who voted for Emmerdale this year at @thebritishsoapawards, you guys are the best." READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Kris Marshall shares 'exciting' spin-off update "And thank you to all of you who came out to support us on the day, late into the night. Immensely proud to be part of this family. What a night," he concluded. Although he didn't reference his birthday, it certainly won't be one he will be forgetting in a hurry thanks to the celebratory occasion a few days later. Emmerdale is the first role Darcy has had on television, with his years of training coming in handy to help him secure the job. Having travelled to various countries when he was younger, the actor ended up going to the Boris Schukin Institute in Moscow. Upon returning to the UK, the soap star was trying for years to breakthrough into the industry and he almost gave up hope. The relative newcomer to the soap explained: "It's a strange thing to say. This time last year it was a completely different story. "I was almost thinking about quitting acting - I was in my head so much about it. And then Emmerdale came along and it's really changed everything. "I remember the guys going - 'Be careful because we're not sure how the audience are going to react to you because obviously the history between me and my dad.' “Let's just say everyone's been really, really nice and positive. "I think everyone's expecting Marcus to be maybe a little bit more evil than they expected but time will tell about how that will unfold," he told The Mirror. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star wows with ripped transformation after 'quitting gym' [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [ANALYSIS] It was while he was working as a customer assistant in a pet food store did Darcy discover he was going to be in Emmerdale. Explaining his route to getting there, he explained to Express.co.uk and other media: "I was just selling posh dog food. "The company themselves employ only actors because we somehow know how to talk to people and coerce people into buying this dog food. "It was something I did which really did save me after drama school. It meant that whilst I was auditioning, I was able to earn some money but still have time to audition. "It took me quite a long time to hunker down and get into drama school, which of course I eventually did, and then Covid hit." "I was just kind of out of work, auditioning, doing lots of tapes and then much to my luck, Emmerdale came along," he said. "I don't think it's even sunk in now, to be honest, you feel lucky to be part of an ensemble. I was dying to do something to work in and around a group of people." Darcy was in the store when he found out he got the role, adding: "I was in an undisclosed health shop in Angel, Islington and my agent gave me a buzz and she said you've got it. "You don't often hear you've booked the job. "The first thing I did was quit my day job straight away and then told my mum, so that was the first two things I did." "My mum loved it. She's always so pumped and excited and every single time I get an audition, and there's a callback, she's always asking me how did it go, how did it go," he continued. "I've always had to let her down because you do so many of these auditions so it was good to finally say, I did it, I got it." It seems there is a lot more to come from the actor as his character finds himself entangled in Ethan's storyline with his sister, Naomi Walters (Karene Peter). However, does Marcus already have a link to Naomi and are they plotting to bring down the Anderson family? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.