With the stars of the upcoming Strictly Come Dancing series starting to be revealed, viewers have been speculating which other celebrities will be taking to the dance floor. With many hosts of Good Morning Britain going on the BBC show in the past, all eyes are on Richard to swap his suits for sequins. Speaking about the names that have been announced so far, guest entertainment reporter Radzi Chinyanganya questioned who will be next. He told hosts Charlotte Hawkins and Richard Madeley he thinks there’s currently a GMB hole to be filled in the line-up, Radzi commented: “This got us wondering, who out of the GMB lot is overdue a turn in the sequin jumpsuit?” A silhouette of Richard then appeared on-screen with viewers hearing him groaning at the thought of taking part.   Touching on Richard potentially starring in the BBC show, Radzi mentioned his stint on I’m a Celebrity last year in the Welsh castle before asking if the glitz of Strictly is more suited to him. Richard replied: “Let me just tell you two things here alright, I’ll lay this on the line. One, I don’t even dance alone at home in private because I’ll embarrass myself.” His co-host Charlotte joked that it did not matter as there are no dancing skills required to go on the show. The 66-year-old then recalled an awkward incident that happened the last time he danced at a family wedding 10 years ago.    He explained: “I drank a couple to get my courage up. “I went onto the floor, all I can tell you is I danced with my eyes closed for a bit, I opened them and everybody had stopped talking and was just staring!” Laughing, his colleague commented he had cleared the dance floor with his moves. “I very quietly put my head down and walked off again. “If I signed up to it, I wouldn’t sleep at night,” Richard admitted.    Charlotte told him if he hasn’t signed up already, bosses of the show will be dialling now to try and get him on. Speaking about her time on the show back in 2017, she said although it was terrifying it was great fun and an amazing experience. Addressing Richard she said: “I don’t want to put you off or anything, but there’s that moment when you’re quite happily doing your dance training and think, ‘great, I know this dance now’. “Then you prepare to dance in front of 11 million people live and all of a sudden you forget how to walk let alone dance!”    Asking whether or not he’d been persuaded to go on the show, he didn’t give much away as he repeated: “I hear you." So far, actor Will Mellor, presenter Kym Marsh, radio host Richie Anderson, Loose Women’s Kaye Adams, comedian Jayde Adams and Paralympian Ellie Simmonds have all been revealed as celebrities taking part in this year’s series. Strictly Come Dancing is set to air this Autumn. Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV at 6am.  