Fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared their hacks for removing curry stains from white items of clothing. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. In recent years, fans of hers have taken to social media platforms to share their own cleaning hacks and tips. On one such group, Facebook user Susan Bagley-Clarke asked Mrs Hinch fans: “How can I get grease from a curry out of a white top please?” The post was inundated with responses from fellow cleaning enthusiasts. The most popular response was to use a product called Elbow Grease. Stephanie Hitchen said: “Washing up liquid or Elbow Grease spray then once washed hang in direct sunlight as any remaining stain will vanish from the sunlight.” Becky Nicol replied: “Elbow Grease spray but don’t panic when the stain turns pink, wash and hang in the sunshine!” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly’s quiet life in Buckinghamshire at her riverside home  Suzanne Sargent Wong commented: “I had this. I used Elbow Grease which turned it pink! “But after a wash, I hung it outside in sunlight and it completely disappeared.” Sandra Powers and Pamela Hall also recommended using Elbow Grease spray. Carol Jones said: “Iron with brown paper before washing it and spray with Elbow Grease.” Elbow Grease claims to remove grease and oil from fabrics, kitchen surfaces and porous materials. DON'T MISSFour ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ and ‘natural’ ways to deter pigeons from your garden [UPDATE]How to collect rainwater for your garden - 2 easy tips [ANALYSIS] The product can be found in most supermarkets and is relatively affordable to purchase. Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser Spray costs £1 from ASDA and Morrisons. A one litre bottle of Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser Spray costs £1.99 from The Range. Other suggestions for removing curry stains from white clothing included using salt water, washing up liquid, micellar water, a dishwasher tablet and white vinegar. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Debbie Brisley said: “Soak in cold salt water for a while and then rub washing up liquid into the area.” Xanthe Dillon replied: “Break up a little bit of a dishwasher tablet with water, work it into the stain and then put in with a normal wash. “Dishwasher tablets breakdown grease for dishes and for clothes.” Lee Wellings commented: “Try putting out in the sun if stain is yellow. “It may just fade. I had a curry splat on a white dress I got it out with micellar water then left it in the sun - it's gone!  “Worth having micellar water to hand for instant vanishing of blood too and foundation!” Sharon Chipping replied: “Fairy liquid, rub in and lather up, pop in a hot wash - as hot as the garment can take! “I got curry out off my husband’s white t-shirt last week using this method!” Linda Smith suggested: “Spray stain with white vinegar a few times then wash as normal. “Dry in the sunshine - sunshine fades the stain.”