Leaving in 2016 to move to ITV with Saturday Morning with James Martin, the star remains an ever present on TV screens at the weekend as he shows off the best food and drink options ahead of the weekend. Other shows with the 50-year-old have also seen viewers transported into his homes, including one former residency in Hampshire. Living a rural life, James lived in the quiet Hampshire village of Stoke Charity for a number of years. Located a short drive from Winchester, the village sits on the River Dever and is your quintessential country village. The area has great appeal, with plenty of riverside walks to keep you busy as well as gorgeous thatched cottages. Properties in Stoke Charity had an overall average house price of £1,223,000 over the last year. The majority of sales in Stoke Charity during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £2,115,000. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £331,000. Overall, sold prices in Stoke Charity over the last year were 129 percent up on the previous year and 31 percent up on the 2015 peak of £935,500. READ MORE: Matt and Emma Willis’ quiet life in their stunning £1.7million home With no major high street and seemingly no pubs or shops within the village itself it is easy to see why a celebrity may wish to live here away from the public. Plus, given James’ impressive net worth of around £4.2million, according to CelebrityNetWorth.com, it’s no wonder he could afford such a luxurious home. Situated on the outskirts of the village, the chef lived in an incredible seven-bedroom mansion. Believed to have been on the market for over £3.5million, the former dairy was renovated by James and he lived at the property for close to a decade. It is perhaps unsurprising that given the star took viewers inside his property for a number of television shows that the kitchen was state-of-the-art. DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [COMMENT] The huge kitchen had fitted wine coolers, a deep fat fryer and an incredibly large double fridge that looks like something out of a professional working kitchen. Decorated elegantly throughout, the property had a large sitting room with an open fire, a glass orangery overlooking the gardens on the 1.25 acre plot and a hot tub. There was also Ralph Lauren wallpaper fitted throughout much of the property and a number of garages home to some of Martin's much-loved cars. The garden space on the property was also to die for, with an extensive barbeque terrace fitted and a wood fire pizza oven. There were also vegetable gardens and a heated greenhouse. READ MORE: Jamie Oliver: The quiet life of the TV chef at his £6million mansion The star is believed to have packed up and moved away from the house near Winchester before the coronavirus pandemic began, but mystery surrounds where the star now lives alongside his long-term partner and dogs. The celebrity chef is in a long-term relationship with Louise Davies and they are proud owners of two dogs, Ralph and a working cocker spaniel named Cooper. James met his now partner in 2011, in an interesting way - he met Louise, who is a TV producer, on popular program Who Wants to Be a Millionaire. However, it seems that despite being in a loving relationship to a brilliant partner, he is unhappy about being unmarried. In an interview with Prima, Martin said: "The biggest low of my career is that I've given up everything for it. "I look at my mates and they're all married with kids, and that's not the case for me because I've been so focused on work." The couple are known to lead a quiet and private life and Martin rarely, if ever, reveals much information about his love life to the public, even hesitating to share pictures of his girlfriend on social media. One thing the star regularly shares snaps of is his new property on his Instagram page, including some stunning pictures of his garden. James’ gardens are impressive and are surrounded by the British countryside. One pathway in his garden is surrounded by plants, shrubs and wildflowers and looks picturesque with a greenhouse at the end of it.