Those eligible could be missing out on hundreds of pounds each month which could be vital given the cost of living crisis. As challenges continue, Britons have been urged to check they are claiming all the benefits they may be entitled to, as this could be a lifeline against rising bills. People can check what benefits they are entitled to using the eligibility tool on the Government website. The type of mental health condition and its severity will affect how much one can get from the different benefits available. People with mental health conditions could be entitled to financial aid from the Department of Work and Pensions. The mental health charity Mind says roughly around one in four people will experience at least one mental health problem a year. READ MORE: 'This is huge!' Ex-veteran, 62, blown away after boss gives him £4,000 to leave legacy For some, their mental health issues could have a profound impact on their entire life. Even the more common mental health issues such as anxiety and depression - which all saw a sharp rise in cases during the pandemic - can seriously impede a person's ability to live and work. Those with mental health conditions could get support through Universal Credit, Personal Independence Payment, Employment and Support allowance, statutory sick pay, council tax reduction and Attendance Allowance. Britons may be able to get it if they’re on a low income, out of work or they cannot work. READ MORE: Family on Universal Credit 'don't have single penny spare' - 'it'll keep getting worse' Meaning people could get up to £2,781.80 over a 28 week period if they’re too sick to work. Tax and national insurance contributions are also deducted from this amount. Citizens Advice state no one should be made to feel guilty for asking about sick pay they are entitled to. ESA gives people: If someone’s mental health is making them too ill to work, then they may be able to claim ESA. What they’ll get will depend on their circumstances and they’ll need to have reached state pension age to claim this benefit. To find out more about each benefit, people can visit the Government website.