Britain’s transport services have been crippled by strike action staged by airline and rail workers across the country this summer. Disputes over pay and working conditions forced passengers to find alternative methods of travel, or face severe delays as a result of staff walkouts which took place throughout July. With further strikes expected across major airlines, rail networks and London’s underground services this month, it seems there is no end in sight for fed-up commuters and holidaymakers. These are all the strikes you can expect to see in August. Staff working in the travel sector have held numerous walkouts across the country in protest over pay and working conditions since the beginning of summer. Rejected pay offers and a “lack of transparency” from rail companies and airlines are at the heart of the disputes between unions and bosses, many of whom have failed to resolve the financial disparity between current pay rates and the escalating cost of living crisis. As a result, further strikes and industrial action are expected to continue throughout August with several walkouts planed to take place from next week. Here is an up-to-date list of industrial action expected to affect British travellers throughout the month. READ MORE: Train strikes August: Are there rail strikes in August? Full list Ryanair cabin crew in Spain will hold a four day strike beginning on Monday, August 8. Two unions, Unión Sindical Obrera (USO) and Sitcpla, have called for the strikes to continue on a weekly basis for five months, meaning they will last from August 8, 2022 to January 7, 2023. The action will mainly affect the airports of Madrid-Barajas, Barcelona, Malaga, Alicante, Seville and Palma de Mallorca. EasyJet pilots in Spain will also strike following a dispute over pay and working conditions. The strike will last 72-hours (until Sunday, 14) and repeat again on August 19, 21, 27 and 29. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union will walk out in between strikes on August 18, affecting Network Rail and 14 train operators in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions. Seven train companies in the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) will also be affected by strike action as part of the rail-industry wide industrial action. London Underground and Overground staff will stage a single day of strike action. Around 10,000 members of the RMT union working on the tube, as well as 400 Overground staff working at Arriva Rail London will strike for 24 hours, in two separate disputes over jobs and pay. Spanish easyJet pilots who are part of the SEPLA union continue to strike until Sunday. DON'T MISS:British Airways suspends ticket sales this month affecting thousands [LATEST]Spain holiday chaos as hotel prices ‘skyrocket' this month [REVEAL]Spain popular spots face 'very serious' bed bug warning [INSIGHT] A national one-day rail strike by the RMT will take place, affecting Network Rail and 14 train operating companies. TSSA strikes will also affect seven train companies as part of the national rail-industry action. EasyJet pilots in Spain will hold the third day of their second strike. Spanish easyJet pilots will come to the end of their second strike, before the third week of walkouts begin on Saturday, August 27. EasyJet workers in Spain who are part of the SEPLA union will begin the third weekend of strikes. The 72-hour strike will continue until Monday, August 29. While several confirmed strike dates have been announced by Ryanair, easyJet, and rail networks across the UK, even more staff walkouts could take place elsewhere throughout the month. Following earlier strike action in June and July, more than 115,000 Royal Mail workers have voted to go back on strike in a dispute over pay. Members of the Communication Workers Union (CWU) are backing the action which is likely to take place in August, though no exact dates have been confirmed. Negotiations over pay for British Airways pilots are “ongoing” though workers have threatened strikes if no resolution is reached. Dockers in Unite the Union are expected to strike in late August but no dates are set and talks are ongoing. Felixstowe Dock and Railway Company had offered a pay increase of 5 percent to its workers, but union bosses said this was "fairly far away" from their demands.