Manchester United’s long pursuit of Brazil star Antony finally looks like it has come to an end after the Red Devils reportedly agreed a deal of around £84million to reunite boss Erik ten Hag with his Ajax prodigy. However, he faces a conundrum over what shirt number to wear with the suspended Mason Greenwood currently holding the No 11 shirt he currently wears while Scott McTominay is the proud holder of his other favourite No 39. Express Sport takes a look at the options available to the incoming star as he looks to make an impression at his new club. No 13 Unlucky for some - but maybe it can bring the Brazilian good fortune. The shirt was previously worn by third-choice goalkeeper Lee Grant but could appeal to the 22-year-old as it is the lowest shirt number available that is not synonymous with defenders. No 15 The number currently lies vacant after Andreas Periera’s departure for Fulham in the summer. It would come with some serious pedigree for the new signing having previously belonged to legendary defender Nemanja Vidic. The Serbian is a club icon having captained the club and winning five titles during his time in Manchester. No 21 The Red Devils are currently on an unlikely quest to claim their 21st title meaning the shirt might hold some appeal to Antony. The number was previously held by Edinson Cavani after he was forced to vacate the No 7 for Cristiano Ronaldo meaning it would come with some attacking pedigree. No 24 The No 24 has been the home of some of the club’s more popular players with cult-hero Darren Fletcher being one previous occupant. Antony could look to tap into this nostalgia should his arrival at Old Trafford be confirmed with the number unfilled after Timothy Fosu-Mensah’s departure. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him No 27 The No 27 shirt is now free after Alex Telles left the club to move to Sevilla on loan. Marouane Fellaini and Mikael Silvestre are just two of the names to have also previously occupied the jersey giving Antony someone to better. No 31 The No 31 may be Antony’s top choice as it would give him the chance to combine his two favourite numbers 11 and 39. The shirt currently sits free following Nemanja Matic’s departure and could therefore appeal to the former Sao Paulo player. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here