Following her divorce, CC Thompson decided to make some big changes in her life. She kick-started her healthy living journey by committing to running her first half-marathon, but what she didn't know is that her diet was affecting her. Despite eating extremely healthy, CC had no idea she was missing vital nutrients that were impacting her progress and daily life. It wasn't until she joined like-minded community MyFitnessPal [MFP], that she discovered a healthy lifestyle was about much more than just counting calories and ended up losing 3.5 stone. "When you post your race times on social media, people get a little sick of it," she said, finding that while her friends and family supported her goal, they didn’t necessarily want to hear about it all the time. She wanted to mingle with people also passionate about fitness, running and healthy living to get the support and accountability she craved, and joining the community helped her enormously. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake As CC began logging her food with the app, she realised she was missing something crucial. “Knowing what’s in your food and what you’re putting in your body gives you a better understanding,” she said. "During my training, I had days where I felt exhausted by 6pm and couldn’t figure out why." But her support group were quick to help her identify what was going on. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "My MFP friends looked into my diary and pointed out I wasn’t getting enough calories or protein for the daily distances I was going," she explained. "And that I also needed weight training to vary it up. "I wouldn’t have known that without tracking and without opening my diary to others!" Protein is good for building muscle, and for an active person it is recommended that they eat a range of 1.2-1.7 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight each day. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Not only that, but it can help boost weight loss too. CC was looking to shift some weight, setting a goal of 3.5 stone. According to Healthline, a protein-rich diet helps to boost the metabolism as well as lead to an automatic reduction in calorie intake and cravings. This is because high-protein foods help to suppress appetite, keeping slimmers fuller for longer. Other examples of protein-rich foods include: Eggs Almonds Chicken breast Lean beef Greek yoghurt Tofu Cottage cheese Lentils Spinach Fish Quinoa Not only did CC find the friends and support she needed through MFP, she also found her now-husband Ash, and the pair welcomed their son Harrison earlier this year.