The issue of tax cuts now or tax cuts later has, throughout this campaign to replace Boris Johnson, been the clear blue water between Ms Truss and the former Chancellor. But the interest rate increase also reinforces the charge that Mr Sunak bears much responsibility for the current economic crisis giving us the highest taxes in 70 years, rampant inflation and the worst cost of living crisis in a lifetime. The political significance of interest rates rising is simple - it hits mortgages. This means the millions of people and families whose biggest payout each month is on their mortgage are about to feel significant pain. Most of those people would be seen as target or even safe Conservative voters. There is nothing like owning capital to be wedded to the party of capitalism. So in truth while energy bills, food prices and other cost of living issues have been spread across society as a whole, this latest increase is a massive problem for the Conservatives. And with that people from most income related groups are looking for immediate relief. This is where the Foreign Secretary’s simple and Conservative message has so much attraction. She would bring in an emergency budget and cut taxes now. Gone would be the hated National Insurance rise, gone would be the planned Corporation Tax increase which also hits small and medium sized businesses as well as put off companies from relocating to Britain. She would in effect dismantle the 70 year high tax regime overseen by Mr Sunak when he was Chancellor. Never mind that it would mean her borrowing more with interest rates rising, the clarity of this message and the fact it will help people now is highly appealing. Perhaps more importantly she had the guts to say she would take on the Net Zero narrative and actually remove green taxes on energy and fuel early on. Definitely a crowd pleaser for Conservatives. READ MORE: Sadly we cannot afford Net Zero right now, says JOHN LONGWORTH It is true that Mr Sunak is offering the biggest tax cut since Margaret Thatcher, taking the basic rate from 20p to 16p in the pound. But this would not happen for seven years. As Simon Clarke, Mr Sunak’s former deputy in the Treasury now part of Team Truss, put it: “People need tax cuts now, not in seven years' time.” He has also floundered around with an announcement of VAT off energy and fuel after saying tax cuts now are "immoral". But the worst part of the news today is that Mr Sunak will be blamed for the current economic woes, even if it is for the same reason he was being described as a saviour not so long ago. DON'T MISS Crack fraud squad set up to seek out criminals stealing millions [REVEAL] Shock figures the fuel giants would rather you didn't know about [INSIGHT] Have your say: Nicola Sturgeon demands more money - should Boris pay? [REACT] Theresa May famously said that “there is no magic money tree”. She was right of course. But throughout the pandemic and lockdown the Government with Mr Sunak as Chancellor behaved as if there was one. He allowed billions to be printed to inject an economy that had been put on hold and then handed out wads of free cash to people staying at home. You could say that the same policies were pursued by other western countries and he was essentially financing the lockdown strategy of the wider government. But everything comes at a cost which we are all now paying in higher prices, increased interest rates and more taxes. Mr Sunak may have the best policy to deal with the crisis and be closer to the famous 1981 budget which saved the economy. But when your message is that cautious conservatism is needed after you have been responsible for splurging the money then it is an almost impossible sell. The recent polls have made this look like a coronation for Ms Truss, today’s news should reinforce that.