If someone wears the same clothes as you, you should take it as a compliment, according to many fashion experts. Perhaps this is how Crown Princess Mary of Denmark felt when Zara Tindall wore the same dress as her three years later. In June this year, Zara donned a fabulous dress for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Crown Princess Mary had worn the exact same dress in 2019, for Princess Ingrid Alexandra’s confirmation in Oslo in August. However, the two women styled their dresses completely differently. The dress was a Zimmermann cream floral-print Broderie Anglaise cotton mid dress. READ MORE: Lady Louise steps out Sophie Wessex’s multicoloured dress - pictures It retailed for a whopping £740. Its name is Honour Floral Belted Midi Dress, but it is currently sold out on websites. In June, Zara completed her look with £156 Illesteva tortoiseshell sunglasses and small gold hoop earrings. She kept her make-up minimal and her hair was tousled down in waves. DON'T MISS: Remove limescale from toilet bowl with no cleaning products [VIDEO]Primark worker secret: Insider hack to pay less for clothes [COMMENT]8 of the prettiest places to visit in Wales - full list [GUIDE] Meanwhile, Crown Princess Mary’s look was completely different. She accessorised the Zimmermann dress with a purple headband and dangling earrings. The earrings were large square-shaped quartz hanging from tiny diamond studs. She finished the look with a pair of pale pink heels and a purple clutch bag that matched her headband. The headband was made of thin silk and featured a flower decoration on its side. Zara and Mary’s dress had billowing sleeves and reached the women’s shins. It also cinched in at the waist with a loose tying belt in the same material and print as the dress. But Zara and Mary are not the only two royal women to be seen in the same dress over the years. Mary has been pictured wearing the same dress as Kate Middleton in the past too. Again, Mary was the first to wear the dress, which was a long-sleeved Emilia Wickstead midi dress. The Danish Princess wore the garment back in 2015, for a visit to Tokyo. She opted for a pale blue version. Meanwhile, Kate Middleton wore the same dress but in a variety of colours for appearances in 2017. The Duchess of Cambridge has the dress in lilac, olive green, and royal blue.