TV presenter Helen Skelton, 39, is a mum to three young children: Ernie, seven, Louis, five, and seven-month-old Elsie. As well as running a busy household, Helen also juggles numerous work commitments including presenting programmes on BBC and a new radio show on 5 Live. In an exclusive chat with Express.co.uk, Helen confessed that her house has been “like a zoo” since the birth of little Elsie.The Summer On The Farm star exclaimed: “Somebody said to me, one is like having a baby, two is like having a farm and three is like having a zoo, and I know what they mean!  “It’s good though, I wouldn’t have it any other way. I am very lucky that my boys love their little sister.”When asked how she is able to balance it all, Helen candidly said that she is “no different to any working mum” and that she simply “[tries her] best”. READ MORE:Rod Stewart, 77, joined by seven of his children in rare snap The presenter continued: “I think that when you are blessed with a family that you like spending time with and a job that you enjoy and find interesting, you just, I'm no different to any working mum.  “I think the trick is probably having lists everywhere and not feeling guilty about stuff.  “But everyone’s life is different and I never want to be that person who is like, ‘This is how you do it,’ because I don’t get it right most of the time. Helen added that her life at the minute is “definitely hands-on" caring for her three children and her dog, Spider Man.Nevertheless, she says she “loves the summer holidays”, especially because: “I don’t have to get them to school on time for 9am, which is a bit of a crazy feat.”As the kids are off school, Helen has drawn her attention to the amount of time kids spend online and the dangers associated with gaming fraud.She has joined forces with Lloyds Bank’s #FraudsNoGame campaign to inform parents how they can protect their children when gaming online. DON'T MISS'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro[LATEST]Dan Wootton savages BBC over 'woke' Commonwealth Games coverage[NEWS]Lewis Hamilton bids farewell to F1 fans: 'Going to miss this energy'[INSIGHT] The campaign also aims to help equip kids to be able to spot a scam.On why she is involved, Helen explained: “So many people fall victim to online fraud, so many people. It happens to people every day of the week and it is really hard to catch.“We are encouraging people to go to the askaboutgames website and just entertain and integrate the SHIELD code into their lives.”The SHIELD code stands for screening chats from strangers, hiding personal data, investigating gaming-related purchases and evaluating downloads, locking internet networks and delinking bank details. Research from Lloyds reveals over 38 percent of parents have never spoken to their children about staying safe from fraud online and 40 percent worry they are leaving the family finances open to fraud as a result. Helen concluded: “Ultimately, online is a space that kids should be able to go into and do their thing, but it is worth being aware and keeping a track on what can or might happen.”Helen Skelton has partnered with Lloyds Bank’s Fraud’s No Game Campaign, helping parents to protect children from video gaming fraud. Visit https://www.askaboutgames.com/Lloyds-SHIELD-quiz 