Growing flowers from seeds is very rewarding, especially summer-flowering varieties which look enticing on a bright, sunny day. Foxgloves are just one of many well-known plants found across the UK in the warm season, both in gardens, woodlands, and even on roadside verges. While the flowering season for these stunning blooms may be drawing to a close, now is the perfect time to begin sowing a fresh bed of foxglove seeds for next year’s display. Foxgloves are worth growing to enjoy their tall stems and colourful purple flowers. These popular cottage-garden blooms are very easy to grow too, offering a “glamorous and productive” display between May and September, according to the experts at Country Garden UK. While this popular plant can be planted in early spring, the seeds can also be sown in September for an early flush of flowers in your garden next year. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Country Garden UK explained that this is due to their biennial status, which means if you sow the seeds this year, they will flower next year. The experts said that the “easy” way to grow foxgloves from seeds is to sow them in late summer or early autumn - between the end of August and the end of September. Once sown, these striking flowers require very little attention, as long as your garden received plenty of rain throughout the winter. Country Garden UK said: “Then they burst into life in spring sending up tall spires of blooms so you will have masses of early flowers in May and June.” This inexpensive plant is very affordable to buy in seed form so you can sow a large display for one year, and then replace them with something else once they have died off in the second year. To sow these small flower seeds it is best to start them off indoors in trays of compost. According to Country Garden, a “tiny pinch” of the seed mix sprinkled into around 10 cells of a module tray is plenty to grow around 100 foxgloves. It is important not to cover the seeds with compost as foxgloves need plenty of light to germinate. DON'T MISS:Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £52k with ‘stylish’ update [INSIGHT]Where did Princess Diana live before she died? [ANALYSIS]'Serious nuisance': 5 ways to stop squirrels from eating tomato plant [REVEAL] Once the seeds are sown, stand the tray in some tepid water for 5-10 minutes, then drain the excess water away. Country Gardens recommended placing the newly planted seeds on a windowsill with plenty of light, but no “scorching sun” to allow the seedlings to form over the coming days. They said: “When the seedlings are large enough to handle, prick them out into larger cells or small pots and grow outdoors for four weeks.” After this time, healthy foxgloves with form a strong root system which means they can be planted out in their final flowering position at the end of September.