The political heavyweight, who has served almost continuously in the Cabinet since 2010, announced he was stepping down from frontline politics earlier this month. With Liz Truss the clear frontrunner in the Tory leadership race, ne launched a visceral attack on her campaign, describing her as being on "holiday from reality". Admitting he was unlikely to ever hold another Cabinet position, Mr Gove described serving in Government as "the privilege of my life". Rumours are now swirling around Westminster that he is preparing for a return to journalism. The Liberal Democrats are scrambling to select a candidate for Mr Gove's Surrey Heath seat in case he decides to resign from the House of Commons. The Lib Dems were successful in beating the Conservatives in the Tiverton and Honiton by-election in the south of England in June. READ MORE: Michael Gove spotted giving it all at party AGAIN – this time in Ibiza A new by-election within the first few weeks of the new Tory leader's premiership would pose a huge electoral challenge. Applications to be the Lib Dem's candidate for the seat, which has been held by the incumbent since 2005, close tonight.  The selection process is expected to take no more than two weeks with a candidate ready to stand in any upcoming election by the middle of September. "We are selecting a candidate and we are on high alert, but that doesn’t necessarily mean the by-election will happen,” a Lib Dem source said. "We are also preparing in other seats, for example in Mid Bedfordshire, if Nadine Dorries is given a peerage." It has been claimed Ms Dorries was being lined up for a seat in the House of Lords as part of Boris Johnson's resignation honours. DON'T MISS:Campaigners' last ditch push to force Tory rule change to save Boris [INSIGHT]Lord Sugar demands Boris Johnson and Gove get 'locked up' for Brexit [REACTION]Major Tory donor threatens to pull funding over Boris resignation [UPDATE] "We never take anything for granted,” the Lib Dem source added. "It would be a very hard fight and always we come in as the underdog.  "We don’t underestimate how hard we have to graft at every by-election." Express.co.uk understands the Lib Dems have already been working in the south of England, preparing for any potential general election. An insider told this website that leaflets and other election material had been drawn up with a large focus on cost of living and energy bills. They have been using the Tory leadership race as a chance to put a strategy of attack in place for a future ballot of Britons.  However, a Tory source rejected claims Mr Gove was on the brink of giving up his Commons seat. "Sadly this is yet another example of Lib Dem dirty tricks," they said. "They’re more interested in playing politics than delivering for voters. "Michael remains absolutely committed to his Surrey Heath constituents and has no plans to stand down."