New data from the HMRC, the Office for National Statistics, and the Government revealed the UK’s total exports in the last quarter of the year reached just under £100billion (£99.8bn). This is the highest level on record.  Figures also revealed how the EU bought £94billion of goods from Brexit Britain in first six months of 2022. New rules after Brexit may have caused major shock to Britain’s trading landscape in the last two years, but these latest figures show that despite voting to leave the bloc, trade is back on the up with the bloc after initial challenges. Commenting on the figures, Brexit myth busters Facts4EU said: “With the UK’s services sector making up around 80 percent of the economy it’s easy to ignore the UK’s goods and manufacturing sector. “When it comes to services the UK has a positive trade balance. With the goods trade, however, we import more than we export. “Nevertheless the UK is still exporting a sizeable and growing amount of merchandise - to the EU and around the world. “Despite everything, Brexit Britain’s total goods exports in the last quarter (Apr-Jun 2022) reached just under £100bn. This is the highest level on record.  READ MORE: 'I didn't vote for this' Briton abroad in Brexit shame “The USA remains by far and away the biggest customer for the UK’s goods, as well as for its services.” HMRC revealed the UK sold the biggest amount of mineral, fuels and oil to the EU in the first half of 2022, costing £17.4billion. While nuclear reactors, boilers, machinery, mechanical appliances was the second most popular UK export to the EU, costing £12.1billion.  DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Truss and Sunak handed immigration timebomb [BLOG]New date announced for when Britons will have to pay to visit the EU [REVEALED]Ireland Brexit panic: Truss sends shockwaves to Dublin [INSIGHT] Vehicles, electrical machinery and equipment, sound recorders, TVs, and pharmaceutical products were the other top UK exports. While gold, silver and gems were the top UK products sold to the rest of the world , costing £20.1billion. Nuclear reactors, boilers, machinery, mechanical appliances, vehicles, pharmaceutical products and electrical machinery and equipment, sound recorders, TVs, were the other most exported goods from the UK to around the world. According to the Office for National Statistics, in April 2022, the total import of goods (excluding precious metals) increased by 0.7 percent, or £0.4billion compared with March. There was a 4.2 percent, or £1.1billion rise in imports from the EU, but imports from countries outside the EU fell by £0.7billion, or 2.6 percent. The same can be said with exports to EU countries, which increased by 8.1 percent, or £1.2billion in April this year.  Figures also show the bulk of UK exports are machinery and appliances (21 percent) and chemical products (15 percent). Transport equipment accounts for 14 percent of trade, and mineral products and base metals make up 12 and six percent of trade respectively. Food, beverages and tobacco is five percent of all UK exports to the bloc.