Some 270,000 more Britons cancelled their TV licence in 2021 compared to the year before. Thousands more could be forking out for a TV licence unnecessarily which could save them £159 a year if they cancel. The number of domestic customers declaring that they did not require a licence reached 1.96 million in 2021 to 2022, according to official figures from the BBC. That adds up to 270,000 more people than usual who decided they didn’t need a TV licence last year, but many more could be paying for something they don’t need. There has been some confusion to who needs a licence but generally people 75 and over who receive pension credit have the licence fee waived. People who only watch YouTube and Netflix don't need to pay the BBC fee either. READ MORE: Carers Allowance explained: Who can claim DWP support? Do you need a TV licence to watch YouTube? Anyone who watches live TV on any channel, not just the BBC, currently has to fork out £159 for a TV licence every year Britons who only watch Netflix and YouTube don’t need a licence A BBC licence isn’t mandatory if people only watch catch up and don’t watch the BBC. DON'T MISS:Nationwide issues warning as Briton targeted for £18k in scam [WARNING]New triple lock threat as State Pension to hit £209 a week [ALERT]Press a button on your boiler to instantly save on energy bills [INSIGHT]Money making tips: Millionaire shares how he retired early at 35 [UPDATE] Viewing habits have changed over the years and as a result many Britons now rely mainly on Netflix and YouTube. However, the vast majority of people still watch the BBC every week. A BBC spokesperson said: “The overwhelming majority of households are licensed, sales increased this year and 90 percent of people use the BBC each week.” Cancellations could be due to heightened awareness of who needs a licence, people moving house and a bigger reliance on streaming services. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How much money can you give to grandchildren? In total, five groups of people could be entitled to a reduction or refund on their TV licence. Blind or severely sight impaired people are entitled to a 50 percent reduction on their TV licence. Residents in care homes that have ARC schemes only have to pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while those over-75s in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. Over 75s in receipt of Pension Credit are also entitled to a free TV licence and don’t have to pay the £159 annual cost.  How to get a refund on your TV licence: On the TV Licensing website it says: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. “That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. “If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.”People can go to tvlicensing.co.uk to find out more about whether they are eligible for a refund or discount.”