 Pensioners in England receive the free older person's bus pass when they reach the state pension age - which is currently 66 years old. Those in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are able to claim the freebie a little younger at  60-years. People in England may be able to travel on local buses for free from 60, depending on where they live. For example, if a person lives in London, they can travel free on buses, tubes and other public transport with a Freedom Pass when they reach 60.     However, this can only be within the city. Other groups of people could be eligible for a free bus pass depending on where they live in the UK, yet, not everyone is making the most of this benefit. Those who have certain disabilities can also apply for free travel passes. This includes those who are deaf or unable to speak, someone who cannot walk very far because of disability, illness or injury, and those who don’t have arms or can’t use their arms. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out   It also includes those who have severe learning disabilities. People who have been refused a driving licence because of their health provided it's not because of problems with drugs or alcohol, are able to get one. Those who are claiming Universal Credit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) may be able get 50 percent off their travel while looking for work. If people think they may be able to apply for a free bus pass, they should get in touch with their local council.   This is because the criteria for eligibility can differ depending on a person’s local authority. In Scotland, anyone under the age of 22 is able to claim a free bus pass. Previously, this was offered to those who were under 18 years. This was introduced by the Scottish Government in January of this year and is available to those aged between five and 21 years. According to official statistics, there were 986,000 eligible for the pass. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  However, only 413,909 have applied for it six months after it was launched. Britons over 60 years can also able to purchase a Senior Railcard which gives people a third off the cost of your train travel. People can either buy them to last for one year or three years and it costs £30 or £70 respectively. People can apply for one on the Senior Railcard website using a valid passport or UK driving licence as ID.     Alternatively, they can also apply in person at most staffed railway stations. Those who have a disability and meet certain criteria may be allowed to get a Disabled Person’s Railcard. This is priced at £20 for one year or £54 for three. Those who claim disability support benefits such as Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance, or Severe Disablement Allowance are able to claim for one. It is also available to those who are deaf, use a hearing aid, are registered as having a visual impairment or have epilepsy. Britons who receive a War Pensioner's mobility supplement and a War or Service Disablement pension are also eligible.  