Douglas Henshall has been starring in BBC One drama Shetland for the past nine years as none other than DI Jimmy Perez. He has been faced with a plethora of challenging investigations and season seven has been no different. With the series returning every Wednesday for a new episode, fans have grown curious about Henshall's life away from the cameras. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Shetland. Shetland actor Douglas Henshall is married to Croatian playwright Tena Štivičić. It isn't clear how they met but the couple decided to tie the knot in a spur-of-the-moment ceremony in Las Vegas in 2010. They welcomed their only child, daughter Anja Grace at the end of 2016. Henshall and his wife are incredibly private so no pictures of their daughter have been shared. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview But he did admit how much he missed Anja while he was away filming for Shetland. While the family of three resides in Scotland, Shetland is 200 miles north of Aberdeen with the islands being the most remote part of the UK. "The love that you have for your children is kind of molecular," he told Radio Times. "They are in every cell of your body." Though he is a family man now, Henshall wasn't always keen on the idea. Speaking to the Scottish Daily Mail in 2017: "I was never interested in being married or having children and now I'm married with a small daughter. "My wife was keen to have a child and I thought, 'Well okay, let's give it a bash.' "I was worried. You look at Mick Jagger having another kid at 73 and I was worried because I don't think that's responsible. "My daughter is going to get people saying, 'Is that your grandpa coming to pick you up?' "But I will be less selfish and I'll be able to help her a lot more than I would have if I had been a younger man." DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package  [VIDEO]What happened to Tosh in Shetland? [EXPLAINER]Shetland fury as BBC share Tosh ‘death’ spoiler after episode ends [REACTION] Prior to Shetland, Henshall had been in dramas such as Primeval, Outlander, Collision and In Plain Sight, to name a few. He announced earlier this year that it was his time to finally say goodbye to the BBC drama. Season seven will be Henshall's last series so, for now at least, it's anybody's guess in terms of how Perez's story is going to end. Fans were left stunned as episode three of Shetland was left on a massive cliffhanger. Jimmy and DS Alison "Tosh" McIntosh (Alison O'Donnell) went to a caravan that they thought was somehow connected to teenager Connor's (Nicholas Nunn) disappearance. Tosh went in alone, looking through some of the belongings when she saw two chemical barrels, wire and a timer. She screamed but the door was locked behind her and before anything could be done, the caravan exploded - but is it really the end of Tosh? Shetland is available to watch every Wednesday at 9pm on BBC One.