The outgoing Prime Minister was scheduled to meet in Warsaw yesterday, August 8, but Mr Morawiecki's office told Downing Street he no longer had time to meet. The visit was part of several calendar in-person and by-phone appointments set by Number 10 for Mr Johnson's final weeks in power. After weeks of deliberations, the Warsaw visit was finally set for this week only to be cancelled with no further notice by the Polish leader. Mr Morawiecki's office told Mr Johnson it was unlikely the Polish premier would be able to meet him before September. A spokesman for Number 10, Max Blain, told reporters that the visit was originally planned for last week and had already been moved so that Mr Johnson could attend the funeral of Northern Irish politician David Trimble. The new date, he added, was decided by the Polish office. Mr Johnson is scheduled to leave Number 10 on September 6. The Prime Minister is also planning a phone call with US President Joe Biden and French President Emmanuel Macron before he hands the keys to Number 10 to either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss. Mr Johnson came under heavy criticism on Monday for allowing a political vacuum at the heart of his government to threaten an even deeper economic crisis in Britain before his successor takes office. Britain is bracing for a long recession as energy prices surge to unprecedented levels, leaving millions of people at risk of economic hardship. But the political response has been overshadowed by a leadership campaign to find a new prime minister that runs until Sept. 5, with candidates Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak mostly clashing over how far they will cut taxes, and when. Truss, the favourite, has said she does not favour "handouts". Gordon Brown, a Labour prime minister during the 2008 financial crash, warned the country was facing an "economic time bomb" if it did not draw up a plan now for the difficult winter ahead. READ MORE: Inside Ukraine's decentralised cyber army exposing oligarchs "This week is the key week," Mr Brown told LBC Radio, saying the government should be working with the two leadership contenders, before energy bills rise by an expected 70 percent in October. Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland's First Minister, told Mr Johnson in a letter that the "paralysis" had to stop now. The blue-chip business lobby group the Confederation of British Industry said the new government would need a plan in place for when it takes over. "We simply cannot afford a summer of government inactivity while the leadership contest plays out," Director General Tony Danker said. The scale of the economic hit facing Britain was laid out by the Bank of England on Thursday, when it raised interest rates by the most in 27 years to tackle inflation that is on track to top 13%, even as it warned of a long recession. Energy regulator Ofgem will publish its next price cap on August 26, with average household prices expected to rise from £1,277 at the start of this year to around £3,400 in October, and rise again in January. DON'T MISS:'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood [VIDEO]Putin faces 'dramatic' turn of events in Ukraine by end of summer [ANALYSIS]Democrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential run [INSIGHT] With energy prices forecast to stay high, the central bank said Britain is facing its biggest slump in living standards since records began in the 1960s. Mr Johnson's government, with Mr Sunak at the Treasury, set out a 15 billion pound package of support in May, but wholesale energy prices have continued to rise since then. Mr Johnson's spokesman said on Monday it would be up to the next British leader to decide whether further support was needed. The opposition Labour Party has criticised Mr Johnson and his new finance minister, Nadhim Zahawi, for going on holiday as the economy deteriorated, dubbing it a "zombie" government that has "checked out" of office.