Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea was caught telling captain Harry Maguire that he had lined his team up on the wrong side of the tunnel at the weekend. The Red Devils began their 20222/23 campaign in poor fashion, losing 2-1 to Brighton. Erik ten Hag was handed a stark reminder of the size of the task he has on his hands to turn things around at United, with his team looking poor for extended periods against the Seagulls. A brace from Pascal Gross in the first half gave Brighton a healthy advantage at half-time, and they held on well following an own goal from Alexis Mac Allister that gave United a glimmer of hope. And it wasn’t just on the pitch where Ten Hag’s troops failed to meet the mark, with Maguire’s blip setting the tone for the rest of the afternoon. The England international was filmed being told by De Gea that the team were on the wrong side of the tunnel and letting him know that the sides needed to swap – looking furious about the mishap. A simple tap on the shoulder of Lewis Dunk allowed Maguire to reverse his mistake, though many felt it was eyebrow-raising that the captain did not know which side of the tunnel the team should be on. Though Maguire cannot be blamed for the performance on the pitch – though he did struggle to contain Brighton striker Danny Welbeck throughout. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative New signing Lisandro Martinez was also unable to contain the former Red Devils forward, with Brighton setting up to make use of the striker being a faster, more physical presence than the two defenders he was up against. Ten Hag will be hoping that his team’s dismal display will be enough to convince the higher powers of United to back him further in the final month of the transfer market. Addressing his midfield will be high on the priority list given that Fred and Scott McTominay – who have struggled as a pairing previously – were exploited and outnumbered by the Brighton team. Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong remains a target, though he still does not want to leave the Camp Nou outfit and Chelsea are also keeping an eye on the situation. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Speaking after the defeat, Ten Hag said: “I knew it could happen but I think we should have done better – that is clear. But I know also know it [improvement] will not come overnight. “At times we played better in pre-season. Today we had a really bad period in the first half and we have to learn from that.”