In a rare in-depth interview with The Cut, the Duchess of Sussex spoke about her time in the Firm and revealed that she "was scared to go out" while living in the UK. During the long interview, the journalist Allison P. Davies spoke about Meghan's recently launched podcast, Archetypes. The series, which is available on Spotify, digs into negative labels that "try to hold women back", according to its description on the streaming giant. Reporting the conversation, Ms Davies wrote in the New York magazine how Meghan had been "typecast" in her own life but has chosen to focus on the positive parts of her story. The interviewer said Meghan understands what her ascent into the Royal Family meant for Black Britons, for whom she is a symbol of progress.  She is also a "signal boost" of issues (paid parental leave, equal pay) that affect women and other working mums. "Even though she avoids reading her own press, Meghan knows people see her this way", Ms Davies wrote. Earlier in the conversation, when asked about making a potential future documentary with Prince Harry, Meghan admitted that she doesn't read her own press so wasn't sure what she could or could not say. During the talk, the Duchess spoke about her life in the Royal Family just after she had her first child, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. READ MORE: ‘It’s completely exploded in her face’ Meghan faces furious backlash Ms Davies wrote: "She recalls a moment from the 2019 London premiere of the live-action version of The Lion King. 'I just had Archie. It was such a cruel chapter. I was scared to go out.', Meghan said. Recalling the conversation with Meghan, Ms Davies wrote that a cast member from Lion King pulled her aside. Meghan said the South African cast member told her people "rejoiced in the streets" after she married into the family - the same way they had after Mandela was freed from prison.  As well as going through a "cruel chapter" just after she had given birth to Archie, the mother-of-two also spoke about fears she would never have been able to take him to school in the UK due to being hounded by paparazzi. While speaking about her goals for life in the US, Meghan said she would have never been able to do the school pick-up and drop-off if Archie were in school in the UK without "a press pen of 40 people snapping pictures.” Meghan claimed this doesn't make her "obsessed with privacy" but rather just a "strong and good parent". 