Sir Cliff Richard, DJ Paul Gambaccini and former Pop Idol judge Neil Fox are set to take part in the Channel 4 documentary which marks a decade since Operation Yewtree. During the infamous police investigation, Sir Cliff was accused of sexual assault, but the Summer Holiday singer was never charged and went on to win £2million from a BBC settlement after BBC News got a helicopter to fly over his home as police raided it. The hour-long programme is called The Accused: National Treasures on Trial and Neil and Paul were also accused of assault. Operation Yewtree, which was led by  was launched after Jimmy Savile was outed as a serial sexual predator. As well as interviews with Sir Cliff, the documentary will also hear from people linked to the police investigation as well as journalists who reported on Operation Yewtree. The documentary will explore the longer-lasting impact the operation had on Sir Cliff, Neil and Paul's reputations and careers.  READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets  Sir Cliff, now 81, won his privacy case against the BBC over its coverage of a police raid on his Berkshire home in August 2014, following a child sex assault allegation. The English singer vehemently denied the allegation and he was never arrested. In 2016 prosecutors announced he would face no charges. After having their names cleared, Sir Cliff and Paul launched a campaign calling for suspects to have their anonymity legally protected unless they are charged. Speaking in the House of Lords in June, Sir Cliff claimed his name will "forever be on the dark web as the man accused of the dastardly deed".    The star admitted he feared he was "going to die of a heart attack" as he struggled to sleep at night at the time of the investigation. "I can't express it strongly enough to know what it's like to be an innocent man and also know that the person that accused you has anonymity in perpetuity," Sir Cliff added. "I'm past that terrible time but will I ever get over it?" Sir Cliff asked. "The answer is no." Paul, who was arrested over assault claims, spent a year on bail before his case was dropped. DON'T MISS... Cliff Richard's heartbreaking final call to Olivia Newton-John [LATEST]John Lennon gave damning opinion over Cliff Richard's music [UPDATE]Cliff Richard: Star on stress-induced shingles after false allegations [INSIGHT] The 73-year-old said at the time he thought the UK was the "most humane country in the world until the events of the last decade proved otherwise". Radio DJ Neil faced a string of indecent assault and sexual assault charges and when he was cleared he broke down in tears as he read a statement outside Westminster Magistrates' Court. Lee McMurray, commissioning editor at Channel 4, said the upcoming documentary offers a "unique and fresh take on events that changed us forever, compelling viewers to ask important questions about a watershed moment in British history". "The hurt and anger felt by three household names caught in the eye of the storm sparked by Yewtree, is weighed against the need for and value of a police operation that, while not perfect, delivered long overdue justice to victims of heinous crimes," he added.   Jessie Versluys, the executive producer, said the film will include first-hand testimonies and focuses on the role of the media during that period. It also looks at whether celebrities should be named in the press before any charge has been made. She continued: "At the same time it asks searching questions about Yewtree and assesses its role in changing Britain’s attitudes towards sex, morality, consent, gender relations and what we expect from public figures.” The Accused: National Treasures on Trial will air on Channel 4 on a date yet to be announced. 