The Capture was a hit when it originally made its debut in 2019, and now it's back for more. However, this time around it will be the dangers of deep fake technology that leaves everyone feeling uneasy in the BBC technology thriller. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Capture.  DI Rachel Carey is returning to front the latest investigation, which sees "Britain under siege". As news feeds and manipulated media get out of control, it is up to Rachel and the rest of her team to try and figure out who is behind it all, before any real damage is done. Actress Holliday Grainger is well known for her role in BBC drama Strike, where she has played Robin Ellacott for five years. Some of her other roles have been in The Borgias, Demons, Waterloo Road, My Cousin Rachel and Cinderella. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda jokes Clive 'shouldn't have' let her in    Newbie Paapa Essiedu is joining the cast of The Capture for season two as young ambitious MP Isaac Turner. During his electoral campaign, Isaac is personally attacked by an unknown threat, using deep fake to alter his interviews, so the public turns against him. Fans will recognise Essiedu from BBC One's I May Destroy You as Kwame which he received a Primetime Emmy and British Academy Television Award nominations. Since then, Essiedu has been in Anne Boleyn, The Lazarus Project and Gangs of London.   Another familiar face returning for this second series is actor Ron Perlman as CIA Chief Frank Napier. While he was able to help Rachel in the first season, the American agent has remained a mystery, so are we going to find out more about him in this upcoming series? Actor Ron Perlman has been in a plethora of roles on both the big and small screen over the years. These have included the Transformers franchise, Hellboy, Trollhunters, Hand of God, Crave and The Scorpion King. He also famously portrayed Clarence 'Clay' Morrow in Sons of Anarchy for five years. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' exit twist for Kerry Wyatt [EXIT]Line of Duty's Adrian Dunbar says real H will be exposed soon [EXPLAINER]Marriage's Nicola Walker pays touching tribute to co-star 'Finest man' [TRIBUTE]     DS Patrick Flynn is one of Rachel's key members in the Homicide squad and is always on hand to give assistance when needed. He is portrayed by actor Cavan Clerkin whose biggest role to date has been as Father Pyrlig in The Last Kingdom for five years. Before this, Clerkin has been in Babylon, The Agency, Pulling, Dead Set and Muscle. He will be starring in Portraits of Dangerous Women, which is currently in post-production.    Actor Rob Yang is joining the cast as the head of an internationally renowned Chinese tech company based in the UK, but no details have come out regarding his name just yet. 