The late Princess Diana's good friend and fashion designer Gianni Versace was murdered outside his Miami mansion in July 1997. 25 years on, Diana's former boduguard, Lee Sansam, has opened up in his upcoming book about the Princess and claimed she feared she would be assassinated, after learning of Gianni's murder. Speaking on the latest episode of Australia's Today, royal expert Natalie Oliveri discussed Lee's "bombshell" about Diana. Speaking on Today, Ms Oliveri claimed that Lee Sansam "guarded the Princess of Wales and Dodie [Al-Fayed] in July 1997 during a holiday in St Tropez in the South of France" and was "employed by Muhammad Al-Fayed", who was the father of Dodie Al-Fayad. Speaking of Sansam's claims, she added: "He was saying that, at the time, Diana was incredibly happy, but there were a few tears during the summer break. "She was particularly upset about the assassination of her friend and Italian designer, Gianni Versace. "He was gunned down outside his home in Miami." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's role laid bare as Meghan and Harry will NOT stay with Queen on UK trip She added: "Diana actually asked Sansam whether he thought [if] it was a targeted hit. "He said, yes he did and then she turned to him saying that she thought that was going to happen to her." Ms Oliveri claimed that Diana had a "big fear" of being assassinated. She goes to say that Diana was planning on moving to America with Dodie as she believed it would be a "safe haven" and "away from the British tabloids". READ MORE: Queen faces fresh health concerns amid Sussexes' return and after monarch misses key event Just one month after Gianni's death, Diana died following a car crash in Paris on August 31, 1997. There was widespread public mourning following news of her death. Her funeral was held at Westminster Abbey on September 6, 1997. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan UK and Germany visit: Every scheduled event [SCHEDULE]Meghan and Harry to star in defaced currencies artwork [REPORT]Royal fans gush as Meghan Markle announces date for 'keynote speech' [REPORT] At the time of her death, Prince William was 15-years-old and Prince Harry was just 12. On July 1, 2021, despite their ongoing feud, the two princes came together for the unveiling of their mother's statue. This day marked what would been her 60th birthday. READ NEXT:   