Giggs, 48, denies subjecting ex-partner Kate Greville, 36, to years of controlling and coercive behaviour, of headbutting her and assaulting her sister Emma in a row. He has admitted to jurors he is a "love cheat" and "flirt by nature". Yesterday Sir Alex gave evidence for around 10 minutes as a character witness for his star winger. The retired boss, 80, told Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court he helped to convince Giggs to join United when he was 13. He added: "Our main contact was Ryan's mother. She was very good. Ryan was a quiet boy, he just sat there and listened to what his mother was saying." Sir Alex, in a grey suit, white shirt and purple tie, said that after Giggs signed for United, he took him under his wing as he broke into the first team aged 17. The Scot, known to all his players as the Gaffer, added: "He was being compared to George Best. There was a lot of media attention on him. I saw him every day. The boy was great, he was no problem." "As he got older he had a wonderful temperament. In the dressing room, I used Ryan as an example a lot. I would lose my temper over performances. Sometimes he got the sharp end of my tongue." "But I knew he could take it, he was strong enough. Everyone in the dressing room would think, if Ryan Giggs can take it, we all can take it." "To have a career as long as he did, in terms of energy and attitude, he was the best." Asked by Giggs's lawyer Chris Daw QC if he ever saw Giggs angry or aggressive, Sir Alex replied: "No." The player, who spent close to 30 years at Old Trafford, denies assaulting Kate, left, and Emma at his £1.7million mansion in Worsley, Gtr Manchester, on November 1, 2020. The trial heard the contents of Kate's "final goodbye" letter sent a few days before the incident. In it, she accused him of cheating with eight other women including one now "married to a cricketer", of "sending dirty messages about threesomes" with another woman and having "full-on relationships" with others. Kate described Giggs as a "compulsive liar and serial cheat", telling him: "My gut always told me you couldn't be trusted. I now know you say the same things you say to me to multiple women." Jurors also heard 90 minutes of messages between the couple in happier times, with Giggs telling Kate: "You are the jam in my doughnut." The trial continues.