Emma Raducanu has been defended over her form by Laura Robson as the teenager looks to defend her remarkable US Open triumph from last year. Raducanu has struggled for consistency in her first full season on the WTA tour. Expectations raised overnight for Raducanu nearly 12 months ago when she stormed to a shock US Open success. The 19-year-old started the tournament as a qualifier and overcame several highly-ranked opponents to claim the first Grand Slam of her career. Raducanu crashed out of the second round at Wimbledon earlier this summer. Her most recent appearance was a Round of 64 defeat at the Canadian Open. The Bromley-based starlet faces Serena Williams in the opening match of her final tournament before the US Open, taking on the former world No 1 at the Cincinnati Masters. She will then play at Flushing Meadows. JUST IN: Medvedev speaks on Montreal fan confrontation - 'Educate your kid' Former British No 1 Robson has hit back at critics, who feel that Raducanu has played poorly since her US Open win a year ago. “I find it so funny that this story is still coming up. I swear we speak about this every week. People who know tennis and what she has gone through over the last year know what to expect. I think she is doing amazingly well,” the 28-year-old told Tennis365. “She absolutely deserves her ranking because she has won a Slam. After the US Open, let’s see where she is then and she can restart.” Robson has pointed out that Raducanu’s success has gone beyond the court. Several young players have become inspired by her success a year ago. DON'T MISS...Murray to participate in Davis Cup in Glasgow as GB team announcedNadal injury fears allayed with world No 1 rank on offer in CincinnatiEmma Raducanu and Serena Williams fans furious as clash rescheduled Robson added: “I’m really feeling positive about how she is playing. She won a couple of matches in Washington in such terrible conditions with the heat and humidity was a great sign. I know she went to Florida straight after Wimbledon to get a couple of training weeks in and you can see what a big difference it makes for her confidence. “Emma has already inspired so many youngsters in England and around the world with her success and that can continue. I did an advert for the Play Your Way to Wimbledon competition and so many of the young players there said Emma was their favourite player, which shows the impact she has had. “She has already been at the highest of highs and I have no doubt she will get back to that level once she has a run of matches. People should not forget that she is still so young and we shouldn’t worry about someone who has already won a Grand Slam title.”