Kate Middleton, 40, has a style trick for her countless public engagements where she needs to look perfect. A style expert previously spoke to Express.co.uk about the standards royals have to meet when it comes to fashion.  Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox said: “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas." What are these protocols? Daena added: "It is customary for senior royals to dress modestly during public appearances, in order to preserve the sanctity of the Royal Family. "Royal women are expected to wear tights whenever their legs are exposed in public. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour "The Duchess of Cambridge, who favours nude tights and has worn them with many iconic outfits, has often triggered the sellout of nude tights." But what trick does she use to ensure her skirt is never blown up because of the wind? Daena explained: "Pennies or small weights are sewed into the hemlines of dresses to avoid them being blown up by a strong gust of British wind." To ensure her dress doesn't fly up in the wind, the Duchess also reportedly likes to wear Spanx to increase static.   Myka Meier, the founder of Beaumont Etiquette, told The Sun that Kate and Meghan Markle both like to use this handy trick. She said: "Often they wear body suits and clothes that actually increase static so it’s much harder for something to fly up. “So you have an undergarment that is almost like a body suit that is one tactic that is used." The expert revealed that royal women often wear hats to keep their hair tidy when they're somewhere windy. READ MORE: Kate given special privilege after she joined Queen’s ‘inner circle'  She added: "Often it’s so windy and breezy that hats are used to keep hair in place. “Just like the dresses fly up, so does your hair.” In 2011, Kate's dress blew up while arriving at an airport in Calgary in photos that went viral, but the Duchess has not found herself the centre of any awkward mishaps since then.  The Queen is said to also have circular lead curtain weights sewn into all her hand-made outfits, which measure an inch across and weigh less than an ounce, to keep her dresses down.  Do the royals follow any other modesty rules? Daena noted to Express.co.uk: "Royal women are also discouraged from showing off their cleavage. "In order to still wear bespoke dresses with daring necklines, the Duchess of Cambridge has her evening gowns altered ever so slightly to keep with the rules. "Meanwhile her later mother-in-law, Princess Diana used to hold her clutch to her chest while exiting vehicles." 