The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to return to Harry's home country in September to attend a number of charity events but the visit may cause some trouble for the 96-year-old monarch, according to royal commentators. The Queen is currently holidaying in her Scotland estate, Balmoral Castle. Royal expert Daniela Elser said: "While currently the 97-year-old is knee-deep in heather and gorse as she enjoys her usual lengthy summer break in Scotland, with nothing but breeze of the River Dee and the plaintive bleating of a self-pitying Prince Andrew to intrude, in only two weeks' time that peace is set to be shattered by the return of her grandson and granddaughter-in-law Harry and Meghan, Duke and Duchess of Sussex". Meghan and Harry stepped down from their senior positions in the Firm in 2020, and moved to the US. Since the move, the couple has only returned to the UK a handful of times including in early June for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  Ms Elser said: "For more than 30 months, the Sussexes have largely stayed away from the UK, only making occasional dashes back to the motherland (or should that be the grandmotherland?) for family events such as Prince Philip's funeral, June's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, or their drive-by meeting with Her Majesty on their way to the Netherlands in May. "Most of these visits seem to have been motivated by family duty rather than any sort of personal interest in going back and on each of these occasions Harry (and at times Meghan) have hightailed it out of UK airspace the minute they could." But the royal expert described this upcoming visit as an "altogether different kettle of fish". Speaking about their most recent trip to the UK for the Queen's Jubilee, a royal source told People: "It was a fantastic visit. The prince was delighted to see his grandson and meet his granddaughter for the first time", adding that it was "wonderful" to have Harry and Meghan back in Britain. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘hit hard’ by Netflix cancellation 'More ridicule' During their September trip, Meghan and Harry will visit charities and associations close to their hearts, one of their representatives revealed. The Sussexes' spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." On September 8, they will attend the WellChild Awards, the yearly event taking place to celebrate the extraordinary achievements of seriously ill children and young people. Harry has been the patron of this charity since 2007 and has continued to remain close to it despite living in the US. The couple will also travel to Germany on September 6 to attend the Invictus Düsseldorf 2023 One Year to Go.  The event will mark the beginning of the 12-month countdown to the next Invictus Games taking place in the city. It's not known whether the pair will meet with other members of the Royal Family but it is thought by royal commentators that they will want to spend time with the Queen. Her Majesty is currently in Balmoral but if her health and mobility issues allow, she will be in London on September 6 to bid farewell to Boris Johnson and invite the new Prime Minister into Government. Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak are currently in the running to be the country's next political leader. The results of the ballot will be shared with the country on September 5. 