Manchester City are reportedly ‘not against’ selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona if they receive a suitable offer. The Catalan giants are said to be interested in signing the Portugal international and Pep Guardiola would be open to the approach after his intervention to persuade him to stay at the club last season. Silva was heavily linked with a move away from the North-West last summer with the player unhappy with his game time and attracting interest from the likes of AC Milan, Atletico Madrid and current suitors Barca. However, he stayed to become one of Guardiola’s best players last season, especially during the early part of the campaign. The 27-year-old scored 13 goals and made seven assists as he helped the Sky Blues claim the Premier League title. Xavi is said to be a big fan of the player and hopes to bring him to the Nou Camp as part of his summer rebuild. The club has already tempted Raphinha, Robert Lewandowksi and Jules Kounde despite the club struggling with a huge debt estimated to be around £1billion. Now they have reportedly set their sights on the Citizens midfielder according to Mundo Deportivo. They have also said City are aware of their interest and would only sanction a sale if there was a suitable offer. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea double deal, Man Utd's De Jong message, Arsenal's four targets Silva, for his part, is believed to be intrigued by the move and would only contemplate leaving the northwest for the Nou Camp. He is said to be prepared to wait until the club are in a position to make the move. Ironically, the deal could solely rely on the Sky Blues' city rivals Manchester United’s pursuit of Frenkie de Jong. There is an acceptance in Catalonia that they cannot move for the Portugal star until they have moved the Dutch international on. Barcelona today announced that they had sold a 24.5 per cent stake in Barcelona Studios to website Socios.com in order to raise £83.65million in order to address some of their financial issues. The money will mean the club can now register their new signings as they would not have been able to do so under La Liga rules if they had not raised more cash. DON'T MISSMan Utd look set to be forced into three signings as De Jong saga takes turnArsenal chief Edu to hold meeting 'this week as ideal solution' identifiedTottenham could still make four more signings in final month of window Barcelona’s transfer business has been a cause for controversy given the huge debts that they have racked up. Any move for Silva is likely to cause even more debate around the club’s finances even if they have to sell De Jong to do so.