Starstruck first hit our screens in February this year, and saw ordinary members of the public transform into pop icons for a chance to win a huge £50,000. Sheridan sat on the judging panel alongside Adam Lambert, Jason Manford and Beverly Knight for the first series of the show. Viewers got to see people perform as musical legends such as Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake, Amy Winehouse and Lionel Richie. Although Starstruck was a success with viewers, an ITV spokesperson confirmed that Sheridan won’t be making a return for series two. "We would have loved Sheridan to have returned to the show, but she has sadly had to decline due to scheduling conflicts with a new acting project," a spokesperson for ITV said. They added "The team absolutely loved working with her, she was a fantastic judge and provided some invaluable feedback to the contestants. We wish her all the best."   The Two Pints of Lager star's career first started back in 1999 when she appeared in ITV’s Dark Ages as Matilda. Since then, she has starred in hit comedy series' such as The Royale Family, Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps, Jonathan Creek and she also played Cilla Black in the 2014 TV drama, Cilla. More recently, she has been dominating TV screens with major roles in No Return, Four Lives and The Teacher. Despite shying away from talent shows, Sheridan revealed the reason she decided to join Starstruck was to do with her son.   Before the show aired in February, she said: “You know I've always kind of shied away from talent shows before. “I think maybe I was scared to step out of my comfort zone, which was being an actress. "It’s about making him (her son) proud, and if I push myself out of my comfort zone, that’s good. “I was very flattered to be asked to be honest, because they could have had anyone, but I’m loving it."   There are yet to be any details revealed on what Sheridan’s “new acting project” will be. However, there have been reports that she will be starring in her own one-woman show next year. The first series of Starstruck, which followed a similar format to the classic programme Stars in Their Eyes, saw Rachael Hawnt walk away the winner for her impersonation of Cher. After presenter Olly Murs announced Rachael was the champion, he confirmed the show would be returning for a second series with details on how people could apply.    It has not yet confirmed if there will be any changes made for the new series or if it will follow a similar format to the first instalment. 