Chelsea could offer one of four stars in a player-plus-cash deal for Wesley Fofana amid claims that the Blues will explore swap options to drive down Leicester City's colossal £85million asking price. Foxes boss Brendan Rodgers flatly claimed that the defender is 'not for sale' this week, but Thomas Tuchel could yet try to change his mind. Express Sport takes you through four players who could head to the King Power Stadium... The teenage Chelsea youth product dazzled on loan at Huddersfield Town last season, taking them all the way to the Championship play-off final. Many fans hope to see him phased into Tuchel's first team set-up this campaign, but the Blues appear determined to sign more defenders - Fofana being one of them. Express Sport understands that Colwill will push to leave Stamford Bridge if new centre-backs are brought in, with Kalidou Koulibaly already having completed a £34m move from Napoli. And with Leicester one of the teams waiting to pounce should he leave, it seems natural that Colwill could be included in a prospective swap deal for Fofana. JUST IN: Chelsea 'hold meeting' for Man Utd target Benjamin Sesko as agent sends promising message /sport/football/1648787/arsenal-chelsea-newcastle-brendan-rodgers-leicester-transfer-news Due to turn 27 this season, Loftus-Cheek made his Chelsea debut all of eight years ago. But he finds himself in a frustratingly similar position with midfield spots due to be crowded out by Jorginho, N'Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic. The former England international will surely go down as a wasted talent unless he finds a prolonged period of form elsewhere in the Premier League, and the Foxes could provide him with a platform to show his talent. A player of his attacking ability could come in handy if Newcastle up their bid for Leicester's James Maddison, even if Loftus-Cheek's output falls well short of his former Norwich City counterpart. DON'T MISS: England 2-1 Germany: Lionesses WIN Euro 2022 final as Wembley goes absolutely wild The writing could already be on the wall for the Welsh international, who recently outlined the importance of getting regular football ahead of the World Cup later this year. Ampadu is among a trio of fringe stars not to be given a squad number for the coming season, strongly suggesting that he is in line for an exit, whether temporary or permanent. Having been snapped up as a youngster from Exeter back in 2016, the centre-back is still only 21 years old but has 36 international caps to his name. Loan spells at RB Leipzig, Sheffield United and Venezia could make him an attractive option for the Foxes, not to mention his ability to fill in at the back or in midfield. Another player not to be given a shirt number for 2022/23, the excitement around Gilmour has subsided somewhat after a rocky loan spell with Norwich last season. Like Ampadu, the 21-year-old has plenty of international experience with Scotland, but Tuchel seemingly has no room for him this campaign. The midfielder's Chelsea contract runs until 2024, and while Everton were linked a few weeks ago their interest has since gone quiet. Leicester could use a new midfield presence if Youri Tielemans finds a new club this summer, as expected.