Tottenham transfer target Nicolo Zaniolo had to leave the pitch on a golf cart on Monday after suffering a serious-looking injury while playing for Roma. Spurs may be keeping a close eye on the post-match updates with Antonio Conte reported to be a fan of the player, but a long-term absence could turn them off a potential deal. Spurs reportedly came close to landing Zaniolo this summer, but had reservations about his hefty £42million price tag. The Lilywhites have already splashed out over £100m on new signings for Conte, who is keen to build a squad capable of competing on multiple fronts this season. The manager is well-stocked in attacking positions with Richarlison brought in to back up the established trio of Heung-min Son, Harry Kane and Dejan Kulusevski. But Conte, alongside sporting director Fabio Paratici, still pondered the idea of striking a deal with Roma to bring in the versatile forward. If Spurs were mulling over a late swoop to meet the Italian side's £42m valuation, they may now have been put off the idea by a concerning injury suffered against Cremonese on Monday. JUST IN: Chelsea chief Todd Boehly eyes eight more exits as Emerson Palmieri 'agrees' West Ham move Zaniolo had to receive treatment on the turf before deciding that he was unable to walk off the pitch under his own weight. Instead, he left on a golf cart just before the half-time interval as Roma wait to hear the severity of the diagnosis. The 23-year-old spent a year with Inter Milan before moving to the Italian capital in 2018 without making a senior appearance for the Nerazzurri. For a player who has featured predominantly up top of late, his return of 12 goals in 83 league matches is a modest one but Conte is among a host of admirers wise to his potential. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have four stars to thank after accomplishing rare featLeeds hero Danny Mills has Brenden Aaronson doubt despite superb startMbappe and Messi bury the hatchet to combine for eight-second goal The 6ft 3in ace already has nine caps for the Italian national team, notching two goals. It remains to be seen if Spurs' summer business has already concluded with six new faces getting comfortable in north London and another, in Destiny Udogie, preparing to join up with the squad in 12 months' time. Conte and Paratici have shown a tendency to recruit from Serie A - their former stomping ground - with Ivan Perisic also arriving this summer on a free transfer from Inter. Spurs continued their unbeaten start and temporarily went top of the Premier League table with a win over Wolves on Saturday, with Harry Kane's close-range header deciding the tie. "Harry is for us a player who has to make the difference," said Conte after the final whistle. "We try to exploit him and give him the possibility to score. For me, the big surprise about Harry is not only the football aspect, but especially the person. We're talking about a really good man. He's always ready to help the team and work. "This type of game last season we weren't prepared to find this type of difficulty. We lost these games. We lost at home to Southampton, Chelsea and Wolves and I was really worried when I saw these first three games! To get seven points shows this team is improving and we want to continue to improve."