The Ukrainian city of Kherson has been occupied by Russian forces since the early days of Moscow’s invasion in February. As the war passed the six month mark, Ukraine has begun a strategic operation to reclaim the region, bolstered by long-range rocket systems provided by the United Kingdom. Speaking from Zaporizhzi, security and defence editor Deborah Haynes confirmed: “An operation has begun in the Kherson region.” Speaking on Sky News, she continued: “A person we’ve spoken to has confirmed that there were what they described as ‘very intense actions’ by the Ukrainian forces in that region. “It wasn’t confirmed as to whether this was the start of a big counter offensive, which is what people have been waiting for. “Maybe it is the shaping operations that come ahead of that larger-scale, more strategic shift in the war. “Whatever the case, it is significant that this action is happening against a part of the country that, from the very first days of Russia’s all out invasion back in February, fell under Russian control. “The city of Kherson has been under Russian forces since then - and the wider region too.” A series of small scale strategic missile strikes in the Kherson region across the last few weeks have indicated the beginning of a Ukrainian offensive mission to force Russian troops into retreat. Ms Haynes continued: “It has been talked about for a number of weeks that Ukrainian forces were preparing some kind of counter offensive, the goal being to push Russian forces out of that area. “There have been multiple strikes by Ukrainian forces, taking advantage of the weapons they’ve been receiving from Western allies, including the UK and the United States. “Most crucially, these multiple launch long range rocket systems that can hit, from a long distance, large targets - we’ve had reports of bridges, road bridges, railway bridges and ammunition depots being struck by Ukrainian forces.” Read more: 'One mistake away from something terrible happening' Ukrainian MP... Earlier this month, the Ministry of Defence confirmed the UK would expend the package of military aid for Ukraine to include a greater provision of long-range rocket systems. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: “This latest tranche of military support will enable the Armed Forces of Ukraine to continue to defend against Russian aggression and the indiscriminate use of long-range artillery. “Our continued support sends a very clear message, Britain and the international community remain opposed to this illegal war and will stand shoulder-to-shoulder, providing defensive military aid to Ukraine to help them defend against Putin’s invasion.” The UK has committed to providing a number of M270 multiple launch rocket systems, alongside the associated munitions and necessary training to operate the technology. Don't miss: Ukraine rolls out emergency nuclear medication to those near plant [REPORT]Russian mums' horror as kids in 'military camp' march in Z formation [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin faces revolt within Kremlin [ANALYSIS] Russian troops in Kherson have launched a desperate bid to construct a floating bridge of barges over the Dnipro river, after a strike by Ukrainian forces rendered the Antonivsky road bridge unusable. The Ministry of Defence said: “A floating bridge would likely still be vulnerable to Ukrainian offensive action.” Without an appropriate transport route into the region, Russian forces are likely to suffer a crisis of supplies, weaking the occupying powers ahead of a larger-scale Ukrainian offensive mission. An intelligence report confirmed: “Russia anticipates a major Ukrainian counterattack.” Read next: British forces teaching 'French resistance' tacticWW3 looming as 'no good options' remain in 'dangerous' China-US rowPutin blasted by MoD as Russia's recruitment progress 'unlikely'Expert predicts how long Putin's war can continue amid huge losses'Gas-guzzling Europe' is SAVING Russian economy as sanctions fail