Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has dismissed concerns about being on a UEFA watchlist concerning Financial Fair Play. The Gunners have put together another sizeable spend this summer but, according to the Spaniard, the development won't change things and he pledged to press on until deadline day. The Gunners have spent well over £100million this summer as they attempt to close the gap on the top four. They have certainly made a great start to the new season, winning three from three with new arrivals Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko hitting the ground running. It's the second consecutive summer that Arteta has been heavily backed in the transfer market and UEFA have placed them on a watchlist, along with 19 other clubs deemed to be at risk of breaching FFP regulations. Experts supposedly predict that Arsenal will stay within the boundaries by the skin of their teeth, but Arteta put on a brave face when quizzed by reporters. JUST IN: Aubameyang to Chelsea takes twist as Barcelona star flies to Paris instead of London  "We are compliant and we have heard nothing so I don't know where the story is coming from," he said. "I think the club has been very disciplined over time and with a very clear vision about how we want to do things and the limitations we have. "We have to deal with things. In that sense, nothing changes." On whether the Gunners could sign a new winger, he added: "If we can implement the plan we have, we will try to do it. We’ve been preparing for the past two months for what we want. If we achieve that, I don’t know." DON'T MISS...Leao's stance on joining Chelsea as Todd Boehly prepares 'new offer'Man Utd prepare Asensio bid with Ten Hag 'determined' to land starMan Utd star Casemiro explains key part John Murtough played in Madrid exit Wolves star Pedro Neto and Villarreal youngster Yeremy Pino have both been touted as wide transfer options for the Gunners - neither of whom would come particularly cheap. The former is supposedly valued at around £50m but Arsenal have held a longstanding interest and could test Wolves' resolve over the next week. Their recruitment drive will have been helped by the departure of Nicolas Pepe, who was unveiled to Nice fans before Thursday night's clash with Maccabi Tel-Aviv. The Ivorian signed for the Ligue 1 outfit on a season-long loan with no option to buy included and Arteta has shed more light on the situation.  "It has been three years since he joined the club and he's had some very good moments, some others where he hasn't really contributed to the team as much in terms of minutes," he added. "We have decided, for every party, that it was the best decision for all parties to allow him to go. He needs to play minutes, he needs to play football. He was really adamant to do that and we decided to do the best thing for everybody."