House prices have reached a 12-month high as the recent Nationwide House Price Index reports an 11 percent annual growth rate, up from 10.7 percent in June. Average asking prices now rest at £271,209 however, as higher interest and inflation rates start to pinch, house prices are still expected to cool by the end of the year. Taking account of seasonal effects, house prices remain up 0.1 percent month-on-month according to the Index, firmly locking annual price growth in double digits for nine months in a row. However, with inflation at a 40-year high sending living costs and interest rates soaring, the market is expected to slightly lose momentum as pressure on household budgets intensifies. Robert Gardner, Nationwide's chief economist said: “The housing market has retained a surprising degree of momentum given the mounting pressures on household budgets from high inflation, which has already driven consumer confidence to all-time lows. “While there are tentative signs of a slowdown in activity, with a dip in the number of mortgage approvals for house purchases in June, this has yet to feed through to price growth.”  READ MORE: Property: 4 kitchen features that can ‘dramatically’ devalue your home  Demand appears to have slowed, however the limited stock of homes on the market and strong labour market conditions seeing unemployment remain at 50-year lows have kept the pressure on higher house prices. But this may not last, as Mr Gardner explained: “We continue to expect the market to slow as pressure on household budgets intensifies in the coming quarters, with inflation set to reach double digits towards the end of the year.  “Moreover, the Bank of England is widely expected to raise interest rates further, which will also exert a cooling impact on the market if this feeds through to mortgage rates.” However, with the additional pressure of wage increases and employment conditions and security, the current economic conditions may not be a true reflection of the end-of-year market, according to Twindig CEO Anthony Codling.  Mr Codling said: “Nationwide continues to expect house prices to cool as higher inflation and interest rates start to pinch even the largest household budgets and deposit requirements stretch first-time buyers too far. “However, with a summer punctuated by high-profile strikes and wage increases on the horizon, and relaxed mortgage stress tests kicking in this month we remain more upbeat on the outlook for house prices than Nationwide.” According to Nationwide, home mover transactions have slowed.  DON'T MISS:House prices map: 4 key areas where property costs have fallen [ANALYSIS]‘Significant’ factors that can slash £58,000 from property value [EXPLAINED]House prices smash six-month record - expert calls on Government [INSIGHT]    This is likely a result of the stamp duty holiday coming to an end and a behavioural shift coming out of the pandemic where this type of mortgage saw an increase. First-time buyer mortgages have instead remained resilient, with data showing these mortgage completions to be c.5 percent higher than pre-pandemic levels - despite growing affordability pressures. Cash transitions are high, with activity remaining broadly stable at c.35 percent, which Mr Gardner says is “partly a reflection of an ageing population”, where more people own their homes outright. Buy-to-let purchases involving a mortgage have also increased since pre-pandemic times. Mr Gardner said: “Sentiment is likely buoyed by the fact that rental demand remains strong, with upward pressure on rents, which may be encouraging landlords to enter the market, particularly if they view property as a hedge against inflation.”  