Notably, those who are 60 or older are able to claim the freebie benefit in England however there is a consultation to align this with the state pension age. Furthermore, residents in Scotland and Wales are eligible for free prescriptions no matter what age they are. However, those under the age of 60 living in England must meet other eligibility criteria to be exempt from prescription charges. Among the groups that are eligible are young people who are under 16, as well as those aged between 16 to 18 who are in full-time education. Furthermore, anyone who is pregnant or has had a baby in the last year and has a valid maternity exemption certificate, which is known as a MatX, is eligible for free prescriptions. One of the most popular ways of claiming this freebie benefit is by receiving a valid medical exemption certificate, referred to as a MedEX. Medical exemption certificates are given to people who have a specific health condition that meets the NHS’s qualifying criteria for additional support. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Furthermore, a medical exemption for free prescriptions can be given to those who have an existing physical disability that stops them from going out without help from another person. Among the conditions that qualify someone for a medical exemption certificate include:  Many households will be looking for ways to save money on their medication charges in light of the rise in the cost of living. Inflation is currently at a 40-year high and energy bills are forecast to hit £3,600 by October of this year. Stuart Gale, the chief pharmacist of Oxford Online Pharmacy, emphasised why people should look into reducing their NHS prescription costs amid the current cost of living crisis. Mr Gale said: "With everyone’s costs rising at the moment, prescription and medicine charges are one great cost-cutting area that shouldn’t be overlooked to help save money on your health needs.”  The medication expert noted the importance of people inquiring about their eligibility for free prescriptions before thinking of paying anything. He added: “Consumers in England should first check if they can qualify for any free prescriptions – this can include Medical Exemption Certificates ‘MEDEX’ for conditions such as diabetes, hypothyroid and cancer. “Prescribed contraceptives are also free or if you’re pregnant, or gave birth in the last year a Maternity Exemption Certificate ‘MATEX’ will provide free medicines. “You’re also entitled to free prescriptions if you’re under 16 or over 60, in full-time education aged 16-18, you’re an NHS inpatient, on income support, Jobseeker’s Allowance or Universal Credit - so check with your pharmacist if you could qualify.” Mr Gale also praised initiatives such as the over-the-counter (OTC) scheme which many pharmacies have adopted to save people money. “The lesser-known NHS minor ailments scheme is also useful for OTC medicines on the NHS for minor health complaints such as colds, flu, eye complaints, eczema, stomach upsets - even head lice or the morning-after pill,” the pharmacist said. “There sometimes can be one prescription charge to pay but this usually costs less than a month’s supply of treatment. “But if you or a child is already entitled to a free prescription this would apply if your pharmacy is part of the scheme.”