The last few years have been challenging for high street businesses to say the least. Shops have faced online competition while cafes, bars and restaurants also have to cope with high rents and business rates. Covid lockdowns only made that worse with a lack of customers and then a lack of available workers. Even before the war in Ukraine, inflation was heading upwards thanks to the Bank of England taking its eye off the ball by recklessly printing money and keeping interest rates ridiculously low. Now, Russia’s strangulation of the international energy market means we all face sky-high energy bills this winter, but for small businesses, running heaters for customers, powering kitchen machinery and ovens in the catering sector, this may well be the straw that breaks the camel’s back. “How is an independent café supposed to find another £20,000 a year,” says FSB chairman Martin McTague, “to keep the lights on and the coffee machine going, when they are barely breaking even as it is?” Small businesses typically get by on narrow profit margins because they have a passion for what they do but faced with ever-expanding energy bills, enough may well be enough and they will be forced to close. Across the UK, 5.5 million small businesses with up to 49 employees account for 48 percent of workers, some 12.9 million people, while they generate over a third of turnover in the UK private sector at £1.6 trillion. If that sector collapses, it will leave a huge hole in the economy and will finally hollow out our beleaguered high streets. Politicians like to blame international events for our current cost-of-living crisis but it is their own decisions over two decades that have made Britain especially vulnerable to any interruption in energy supplies. Our energy security and independence have been drastically reduced by government decisions to reduce our gas storage capacity, cut investment in North Sea gas and oil and ban outright exploration for shale gas. Much of this has been inspired by a net-zero ideology that did not consider the costs of depending so heavily on imported energy.  With five-figure energy bill rises and inflation predicted to hit a fifty-year high of 18.6 percent next year, we are all paying the price for this chronic lack of foresight with small businesses, especially on the frontline facing annihilation. It is not true that all countries are facing the same problems equally. In 2010, our industrial energy costs were much the same as the rest of our Western competitors, but now, after a decade of poor decision-making, they are 50 percent higher than many other nations and more than twice as high as in the USA, which has had years of energy independence thanks to fracking. As our current predicament is largely the fault of our political classes, it is only right that they should be the ones to sort it out. Tory party leader contender Liz Truss is promising tax cuts and growth-triggering measures to help us, while Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng wants to cut green levies for energy-intensive industries such as UK steel makers, cement manufacturers and paper mills. But even this barely touches the enormous leap in energy costs and much more urgent decisions are needed. It is a matter of fixing the source of our energy not just the price we pay.  Just as environmental campaigners have foisted a so-called Climate Emergency on us, the government must recognise we face an Energy Emergency which needs immediate action, such as enlarging our storage capacity, turbo-charging the development of a new generation of nuclear reactors, expanding North Sea gas and oil production as well as triggering shale gas exploration, which could be delivering British energy within the year, according to IGas firm. The government’s tax haul from high energy price tariffs needs to be slashed too, putting more of our money back in our own pockets. Too much ideological claptrap has left the UK uniquely vulnerable to high energy costs and it is hard-working, hard-pressed small business people who will be paying the price as their dreams are shattered by rocketing fuel bills. The Tories used to be the friends of enterprise and it is time they stepped up to this challenge and sorted out the problems they helped create in the first place.