Manchester United secured a second Premier League win in succession a 1-0 win over Southampton at St Mary’s. Bruno Fernandes was the hero for the away side, scoring in the second half with a powerful strike. Express Sport will now take a look at five things we learned from the showdown as Erik ten Hag got another win under his belt. Fernandes has gone off the boil over the last 12 months, having previously dazzled when he first moved to the club. But he’s looked a man rejuvenated over the past two games, having been given the captaincy for matches against Liverpool and Southampton. Fernandes scored in the second half with a thunderbolt strike that sailed into the bottom corner, before then celebrating with Cristiano Ronaldo. If he can continue playing at this level, receiving the armband on a permanent basis can’t be ruled out. Fernandes is a leader at United and, let’s face it, Ten Hag has been short on them since his appointment. United are trying to sign Antony from Ajax before the transfer window slams shut, having seen two bids for the Brazil international turned down. And it’s clear the Red Devils need an upgrade on Anthony Elanga at the current moment in time. That’s not a slight on Elanga, whose tenacity is admirable. But when it comes to end product, and being a threat, the Swede still has much to learn. Antony is an explosive asset for Ajax and is keen to move to United before Thursday’s deadline. It’s easy to see why Ten Hag wants the 22-year-old, having previously managed him during their spell in Amsterdam together. Man Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Raphael Varane has often struggled with injuries since joining United from Real Madrid last year. But, when he plays, there’s no denying the Red Devils are better with the France international in their team. Varane and Lisandro Martinez look like little and large out on the field but seem to have struck a connection the fallen Premier League giants have been looking for for some time. With the duo shining at the back, it looks like Harry Maguire will have to settle for a place on the bench for the foreseeable future. Likewise Victor Lindelof, with the Sweden international another centre-back option at Ten Hag’s disposal. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United considered Tyrell Malacia an opportunity too good to turn down when they signed him from Feyenoord earlier in the summer. And with the Netherlands international looking bright at both ends of the pitch against Southampton, Luke Shaw’s place in the team is now genuinely under threat. While he was good under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the former Saints star is no longer the player he was a couple of years ago. In a World Cup year, like Maguire, he faces a huge battle to regain his spot in the side. Malacia looks like the heir to Patrice Evra’s throne but, of course, it’s still too early to tell for sure if he’ll be as successful as the Frenchman was at Old Trafford. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United’s away fans are some of the best in the whole of world football, never mind just the Premier League. And they made it clear throughout the showdown exactly how much they want the Glazers to go. The controversial Americans are under-fire at present, with supporters fed up seeing them botch transfer window after transfer window. Even when United went ahead, celebrations quickly made way for songs about Joel and Avram Glazer. However, for all of the opposition to their ownership, there’s still no sign they’re going to put the club on the market anytime soon. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here