Barring specific food preferences or an underlying condition, you should get all the vitamin B12 you need from eating a well-balanced diet - and it's important you do. B12 deficiency can disrupt vital functions. Vitamin B12 plays a pivotal role in making red blood cells, aiding psychological function and maintaining a healthy nervous system. In regards to the latter, a reduced sense of smell can signal your nervous system is being compromised, warns the B12 Institute. Other signs your nervous system is being compromised: There are also a number of general symptoms of vitamin B12 deficiency to spot. READ MORE: B12 deficiency: The hard to reverse sign in your feet - 'only' symptom in 25% of cases These include: Pernicious anaemia is the most common cause of vitamin B12 deficiency in the UK. Pernicious anaemia is an autoimmune condition that affects your stomach. An autoimmune condition means your immune system, the body's natural defence system that protects against illness and infection, attacks your body's healthy cells. DON'T MISSNon-alcoholic drink risks blood clot formation within '1 hour' [ADVICE]High blood pressure: 'Avoid' one common ingredient [TIPS]Cancer: Two supplements found to increase your risk [INSIGHT] Pernicious anaemia causes your immune system to attack the cells in your stomach that produce the intrinsic factor, which means your body is unable to absorb vitamin B12. Some people can develop a vitamin B12 deficiency as a result of not getting enough vitamin B12 from their diet. According to Holland and Barrett, the richest sources of B12 are animal-based, including meat and liver, fish, milk and dairy products. As a result, vegans and vegetarians are more prone to B12 deficiency. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Common vitamin deficiency in UK associated with a 'fivefold' greater risk There are plant-based sources of vitamin B12, however. These include: The treatment for vitamin B12 deficiency depends on what's causing the condition. Most people can be easily treated with injections or tablets to replace the missing vitamins. Vitamin B12 deficiency is usually treated with injections of vitamin B12. There are two types of vitamin B12 injections: "If your vitamin B12 deficiency is caused by a lack of the vitamin in your diet, you may be prescribed vitamin B12 tablets to take every day between meals," explains the NHS. The health body adds: "People who find it difficult to get enough vitamin B12 in their diets, such as those following a vegan diet, may need vitamin B12 tablets for life."