 Last week, I wrote that the State Pension triple lock has come under fresh attack as it looks set to hand state pensioners a double-digit increase in April, while most workers get no extra pay. Critics claim the triple lock unfairly favours older people at the expense of the young, and want it overhauled.  These arguments have been steadily getting louder. Back in 2016, the Intergenerational Fairness Commission declared that young people are receiving a "raw deal" compared to older generations in modern Britain. The House of Commons Work and Pensions select committee said the British economy had become “skewed towards baby boomers and against millennials”, who faced problems in housing, the labour market and private pension saving. Its conclusion? The triple lock should be scrapped and replaced with a "smoothed earnings mechanism”, with savings directed towards the young. Campaigning group the Intergenerational Foundation backed the findings, which have never been implemented. The outcry would be huge. Yet the idea won't die. In fact, it is gathering new force, as state pensioners are in for a record double-digit increase next year.    The triple lock, introduced in 2010, pledges to increase the State Pension by either inflation, earnings or 2.5 percent, whichever is highest. Inflation could be as high as 11 or 12 percent in September, the monthly figure used to set the increase, giving pensioners a double-digit rise next April. Steven Cameron, pensions director at Aegon, warned a bumper triple lock increase would revive accusations of unfairness, given that current workers fund it via their National Insurance contributions. When I reported this, it drew a robust response from Express.co.uk readers, who contacted me to reject the idea that they were being mollycoddled or given special treatment. They pointed out that life on the State Pension is tough, particularly for those who retired before April 6, 2016 on the old basic State Pension. READ MORE: State pension payments to be swallowed by energy bills   One reader said he was “sick” of seeing suggestions that state pensioners were being indulged, as he lives on just £7,200 a year. He pointed out that his pension is not a benefit, but something he has paid into through his working lifetime. Another reader wrote to say that he retired 12 years ago and receives basic State Pension totalling £7,592 a year, after making 39 years of National Insurance contributions. Neither consider themselves spoiled by the state, and rightly so. One problem is that there are two State Pensions, and they pay different amounts depending on when you retire. The old basic State Pension pays a maximum £7,376.20 a year, depending on NI contributions. Those who retired from April 6, 2016 on the full new State Pension can get a maximum £9,627.80. That's potentially £2,251.60 a year more. Many on the old State Pension get additional State Pension on top, but plenty don’t. This causes widespread confusion and bitterness, as I have highlighted here, here and here. DON'T MISS:Russia warned Zaporizhzhia plant accident worse than Fukushima [WARNING]China outbreak: NEW potentially deadly virus puts officials on alert [INSIGHT]UK hit with £30bn stealth tax raid under Rishi Sunak’s plans [REVEAL]   Suggestions that every retiree is on the higher full new State Pension are misleading. They are also dangerous, as they could strengthen calls for the triple lock to be scrapped by making pensioners seem better off than they really are. These are important points. While three million pensioners live in millionaire households, too many are scraping by and need every penny of State Pension. There’s no question that young people have it hard right now. They are battling against stagnating wages, high student debt and unaffordable housing, and struggle to save for their own retirement as prices rocket for them, too. However, we cannot solve their problems by pinning the blame on pensioners, who have struggles of their own. A generational war doesn't help anyone. Life is tough right now, and we are all in this together. 