Angela Knight, former CEO of Energy UK, a trade association representing companies that supply over 80 percent of the UK’s energy, told GB News that oil giants such as BP should be “doing a little bit more” than they are expected during this cost of living crisis. As BP posted 14-year high bumper profits on fuel sales, they have come under fierce criticism for profiteering of the public’s suffering as Britons battled the cost of living crisis and the post-pandemic economic slump. Both Shell and British Gas’ Centrica also posted bumper profits last week. Ms Knight said: “I think another thing that they could do is contribute either themselves to a charitable fund or into one of the other charitable funds that are available and will help people by making grants to people who are at the poorest ends of society. “And anything like that is at least directly giving back, even though they are not a supplier. “They would actually be doing a little bit more than they have to but I think, again, this is one of those situations where you do have to do a little bit more than normal if you are a very large company making huge profits.”    Friends of the Earth Scotland today said the announcement of the increasing profits at energy firms exposed a “fundamentally broken” system. Campaigner Freya Aitchison said: “Rising energy prices are a key driver of the cost-of-living crisis that is plunging millions of people in the UK into fuel poverty, yet bosses and shareholders at BP are getting even richer by exploiting one of our most basic needs. “BP is also worsening climate breakdown and extreme weather by continuing to invest and lock us into new oil and gas projects for decades to come. “Instead of allowing these companies to continue causing social and environmental devastation to boost their profits, we need to overhaul our energy system to rapidly phase out oil and gas. READ MORE: Are petrol prices going down? Tesco joins ASDA price slash 'too late' [INSIGHT]   “A fair and fast transition to renewables must ensure that everyone has access to affordable and clean renewable energy.” Mark Ruskell, the environment spokesman for the Scottish Greens, said it was “obscene” that companies were “raking in record profits while millions of households are being hit like never before by bills”. But Offshore Energies UK - a trade body representing 400 companies in the offshore energy sector - said the rise in profits was due to an increase in prices across the world, while talking up the amount of tax that will be funnelled to the Treasury as a result of the increase. They said: “Quarterly and annual results only give you a snapshot showing what has been happening in recent months, so they do not tell you much about longer-term trends. DON'T MISS: Britons pay huge fuel prices to BP as it rakes in billions in profit [REPORT] Drivers urged to visit petrol station more often to boost fuel economy [REVEAL] 'Allow fracking!' Truss unveils masterplan to take control of energy [INSIGHT]   Will Webster, the group's energy policy manager, said: “It's worth remembering that prices have been volatile in recent years with producers also experiencing periods with low returns and losses. “We are very concerned at the impact this will have on consumers and on the economy. “But those increased profits do mean that the companies producing oil and gas from UK waters are paying a lot more taxes. “The UK offshore industry is now paying the highest rate of tax in its history and the Office for Budget Responsibility predicts it could contribute at least £12 billion to the Treasury in this calendar year alone.” READ NEXT: Asda slashes petrol and diesel prices - how much does fuel cost now?Motorists flocking to petrol station promising 'cheapest fuel in countPOLL: Are you changing the way you drive to save on petrol costs?Drivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairsAsda unveils major change as it slashes petrol and diesel prices  