Millions of Line of Duty fans tuned into the season six finale to find out once and for all the identity of the Fourth Man also known as H. BBC viewers were in disbelief when H was unmasked as DS Ian Buckells (played by Nigel Boyle) who had previously been written off as incompetent. However, Superintendent Ted Hastings star Adrian Dunbar has teased H might be someone else entirely.   In a recent interview, Adrian was asked whether viewers can expect a second unmasking of H if the series makes a return. He remarked: “Yes! He’s not ‘H’. We just got the guy we could actually pin a charge on. We didn’t get ‘H’, we got Buckells, the patsy. “There’s a scene when we look at each other and think, ‘Really? This t***?’ He’s a distraction.’” Many Line of Duty fans agreed with Ted’s reaction and couldn’t believe Buckells was the mastermind behind the H operation. Read more: Marriage's Nicola Walker pays touching tribute to co-star 'Finest man'      One candidate that fans kept putting forward was Chief Constable Philip Osbourne (Owen Teale). “That’s probably where it’s heading unless there’s another twist and someone’s pulling his strings,” Adrian agreed. During several points over the years, Ted came under suspicion himself. However, the actor dispelled this possible conclusion as “nonsense”.      “Yes, it would have been completely ridiculous,” Adrian commented. “And Jed would have to put on a false moustache and beard for some time as it would have made a nonsense of his show.” Jed Mercurio has remained coy over the future of Line of Duty and has neither ruled out nor confirmed a seventh series. Adrian told Radio Times he “would love to do it again” and suggested the show could return in a different format. DON'T MISSMarriage actor Sean Bean blasts detective dramas 'So boring' [INTERVIEW]Line of Duty: Adrian Dunbar lining up for Ted duties [INSIGHT]Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' [INTERVIEW]      The actor teased a switch to the big screen with a Line of Duty movie. Adrian returns to TV screens on Sunday with the new ITV detective drama Ridley. The four feature-length series sees Adrian play Alex Ridley, a former police officer who retired after the death of his wife and child. Adrian’s title role focuses on him returning to the force as a consultant.      In the opening episode, Alex is called on to assist on an unsolved missing person’s case by his former protegee DI Carol Farman (Bronagh Waugh) when a local farmer is found dead. However, the pair soon uncover another body as they delve deeper into the case. The series also stars Terence Maynard, George Bukhari and Georgie Clen. Ridley airs on ITV on Sunday at 9pm.   