HBO’s highly acclaimed House of the Dragon made its eagerly awaited debut to screens on Sunday where Milly Alcock made her first appearance as Rhaenyra Targaryen. After her heart-warming appearance viewer wanted to find out more about the actress and Express.co.uk has all the answers.   READ MORE: The Repair Shop star 'nervous' over restoration of Judi Dench item  Despite the risk, her role in Uptight proved to be a success as she was awarded the Casting Guild of Australia Rising Star Award in 2018. In 2020, Milly was also nominated for Best Comedy Performer, but it was her co-star Tim Minchin who took the trophy home. However, she could be in for another chance of winning the award as she was spotted in Queensland filming season two. Milly also gained a ton of experience away from TV shows as she featured in commercials for NBN, Cadbury, KFC and Woolworths.    In what could possibly be her biggest career move so far, Milly was confirmed to have joined the cast of House of the Dragon in July 2021. Viewers got their first look at the character on Sunday during the premiere. The fantasy drama is the first spin-off to come from HBO’s hit series, Game of Thrones. House of the Dragon is also the onscreen adaptation of George R. R. Martin’s novel Fire and Blood. DON'T MISS...Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on [INSIGHT] House of the Dragon breaks record with ‘traumatic’ first episode [INSIGHT]Cancelled Game of Thrones prequel: When $30 million pilot was set [INSIGHT]    Milly starred as Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen, the daughter of King Viserys (Paddy Considine) and Queen Aemma Arryn (Sian Brooke). As the King’s first-born child, she is of pure Valyrian blood and was passionate about riding her dragons. However, her life is expected to make a drastic turn after she was named as heir to the throne. This will be a controversial move as Westeros has never had a Queen and will set off the Targaryen civil war, which fans became familiar with in Game of Thrones.     Landing the role of Rhaenyra was an unexpected one for Milly, as she had been working ordinary jobs between auditions. The actress disclosed: “I never thought this would happen to me. “I was washing dishes in a restaurant, living in my mum's attic. This doesn't happen to people like me, so it was incredibly quick,” she told Just Jared Speaking to Vogue about dropping out of school, Milly revealed: “I knew that this opportunity would be so much more of a valuable experience than getting my piece of paper.” House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky Atlantic on Mondays and is streaming on NOW. 