Sir Salman Rushdie, 75, has reportedly been stabbed in the neck after walking on stage to give a lecture in New York state. Nigella Lawson, 62, who is good friends with the novelist took to social media to address the attack, adding she has been left "distraught". The popular chef has been pals with the well known author since she was aged 23. Taking to Twitter today, Nigella said she is shocked by the "horrific" news as she was quickly inundated with messages of support. In view of her 2.7 million followers, she penned: "Such shocking news of Salman Rushdie having been stabbed. This is horrific. Am distraught. Please, please let him be ok." The incident took place at the Chautauqua Institution to the west of the US state, near the Canadian border. READ MORE: Monty Don addresses struggles after garden setback The Booker Prize winner was speaking at an event New York State Police said a male suspect ran up onto the stage and attacked Mr Rushdie and an interviewer. "Rushdie suffered an apparent stab wound to the neck," the police statement said. "Rushdie suffered an apparent stab wound to the neck," the police statement said. The author was transported by helicopter to a local hospital and his condition is not currently known. The Indian-born novelist catapulted to fame with Midnight's Children in 1981, which went on to sell over one million copies in the UK alone. But Mr Rushdie's fourth book, in 1988 - The Satanic Verses - forced him into hiding for nine years. The surrealist, post-modern novel sparked outrage among some Muslims, who considered its content to be blasphemous, and was banned in some countries. Literary events attended by Mr Rushdie have been subject to threats and boycotts in the past. DON'T MISS... Deborah James’ husband Sebastien Bowen recalls final months together[LATEST]Rachel Riley's tearful row with husband Pasha amid 'horrible abuse'[ADMISSION]Elizabeth Hurley, 57, ethereal in white dress for World Elephant Day[PICTURES] In a statement, the Chautauqua Institution said "it is currently coordinating with law enforcement and emergency officials on a public response following today's attack of Salman Rushdie on the Chautauqua Amphitheater stage." They added: "We will provide more details as we know them". Nigella and Salman have known each other for a number of years and the TV personality recently addressed the moment she offered to cook for him but agents of national security unit Special Branch had to wait for him in her bedroom. At the time, Salman was in hiding following the release of his book, The Satanic Verses. She said: "I’ve known Salman since I was 23, and when he had to go into hiding he came to have dinner with me when I lived in a very little flat. Special Branch, who were protecting him, had to go and sit in my bedroom and wait there. "When I was cooking, something went wrong with my oven and it kind of blew up, and I ended up looking like [accident-prone comic actress] Lucille Ball. "I had black-brown cheeks and Special Branch thought there had been some sort of assassination attempt on him in my house." Speaking live at her event 'An Evening with Nigella Lawson', she said: "They all then stormed into the kitchen in an instant, so that probably is one of the worst blunders." She also quipped: "The lamb was ruined.”