A member of the royal household once stunned the Daily Express's Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer after forgetting the names of Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice. Speaking on The Royal Round Up, Mr Palmer and host Pandora Forsyth discussed Prince Charles and William's plans for a slimmed-down monarchy. It has long been said that Charles wants a more “slimmed down monarchy,” which puts the focus on a smaller group of royals within the family. Under Charles’ slimmed-down monarchy, it is understood that there will be no place for Prince Andrew nor his daughters Beatrice and Eugenie. Mr Palmer argued that many people in the UK simply "do not know" who Eugenie and Beatrice are - even in the royal household. He said: "Ardent royalists know and like Sophie and Edward and others. "But an awful lot of people in Britain know the Queen, Charles and Camilla, William and Kate, of course, Harry and Meghan but that's it." JUST IN: Prince Harry 'wants a clear-out' after latest 'big comeback' fail  Mr Palmer added: "Beyond that, even with the children, they are not sure about the names. "I have even known people in the royal household say to me, 'What is Prince Andrew's daughters' names again?'" Beatrice and Eugenie are 10th and 12th in line to the throne respectively and despite having HRH titles are not full-time royals. Also on the programme, Mr Palmer said the decision to remove or demote Eugenie and Beatrice was "made years ago".  He noted that both sisters are "involved with various charitable organisations”, adding: "I just don't see any future role for them, at all". Mr Palmer also recalled Beatrice once stating that she wanted to do "something else with my life" when mentioning her future within the monarchy. Prince Charles' plans for a leaner monarchy will resemble the royal families of Europe, according to a constitutional expert. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Bombshell allegations 'eroding' Harry & Meghan [LIVE BLOG]Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle run for Democrats in 2024 election? [POLL]Britain needs to invest in its water supply, says ROSS CLARK [COMMENT]  Dr Craig Prescott, a constitutional expert, told Express.co.uk that the Prince of Wales could make the monarchy “simpler” and “less fussy”. In a poll that ran from midday on Tuesday, August 2, to 10am on Monday, August 8, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Beatrice and Eugenie be included in a slimmed-down monarchy?” A total of 11,035 people responded with the vast majority, 78 percent (8,579 people) said “no”, the York sisters should not be included in a slimmed-down monarchy. Meanwhile, 20 percent (2,257 people) said “yes” they should, and a further two percent (199 people) said they did not know. READ NEXT: Royal Family LIVE: Bombshell allegations 'eroding' Harry & Meghan Queen’s given names unveil her forgotten heritageQueen's sharp response after beloved corgis slammedPrince Harry warned Oprah-style memoir to backfire 'Not way to go!'Charles issues rallying cry to help young people 