Marion Crawford worked as a governess to Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret, who called her Crawfie. Ms Crawford, who passed away in 1988, broke the trust of the Royal Family by releasing stories, via an American magazine in 1950, and these leaks were greeted with commotion. According to Eve Pollard, who worked as the former editor at the Sunday Mirror and the Sunday Express, the Queen Mother, in particular, was "horrified" that both of her daughters' privacy had been "totally opened up in this way". Speaking on a new Channel 4 royal documentary 'The Real Windsors', Ms Pollard said: "What is interesting about Crawfie is [that] she knew their every taste, their like, the Queen liking horses when she was really little, putting them all to bed at night, her toy horses. "Suddenly, out come all these stories about this private life in the nursery of Buckingham Palace, and before." The documentary stated that Marion "sold the story of her time as the princesses nanny to an American magazine". Ms Pollard explained that the girls' mother, the Queen Mother was "horrified" over the betrayal. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Rug pulled from under Harry as THREE new bombshells to upstage Duke Also speaking on the Channel 4 documentary, royal historian Robert Lacey claimed that the Queen Mother had a "very determined side to her", and we saw that when it came to the "little princesses governess". Mr Lacey stated that Princess Margaret said that Crawfie had "snaked". Aside from Margaret's "famous phase", Elizabeth refused to talk about her for decades. Crawfie served with the Royal Family for 17 years. READ MORE: Harry bombshell book tipped to fall on deaf ears as Britons 'short on disposable income' Following the breach, the now-Queen Elizabeth II's father, King George VI, and the Queen Mother immediately broke all contact with Crawfie. Elizabeth and Philip would see Crawfie regularly, especially when she was expecting Prince Charles, her firstborn. However, after Little Princesses was published in 1950, the royals never spoke to her again and saw it as a betrayal. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle & Queen Mother share same birthday - but are 'different' [INSIGHT]Queen 'always been a feminist' after struggling with 'man's world' [REVEAL]Prince Charlottes fans go wild about her love of sport [REPORT] She settled in a small cottage in Scotland a few miles away from Balmoral, the Royal Family's Scottish residence. Following the death of her husband in the late 1970s, Marion's mental health deteriorated and she attempted to take her own life. She later died of cancer in February 1988. READ NEXT: