Starz’s romantic drama Outlander is expected to return to screens in early 2023 with its eagerly awaited seventh season. Ahead of its release Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan reflected on his characters arc and spoke on the changes he had experienced.  Since his first appearance in season one, Jamie has proven to be a huge hit with fans. Many would argue that his portrayal exceeded the expectations of those who already grew to love the character from the Outlander novel series. Jamie gained a huge fan base from viewers who had become enamoured with his selflessness towards Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) and his family. However, throughout the six seasons, Jamie has undergone some major changes in his life, including a number of traumatic events READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family    Since Outlander first premiered in 2014, the character had also physically aged to tie in with the progression of his family such as the birth of his grandchild. Jamie star Sam Heughan reflected on his character’s journey and stated: “I think he's matured gracefully. “I think he’s matured really well, he’s become such a politician, such a strategist, a lot like Colum MacKenzie, (Gary Lewis) I think he has a lot of his attributes. “He now sees the bigger picture and when we’re dealing with things in history like actual events, Jamie knows each move can have ripple effects and consequences.”  Sam admitted: “I think about his mortality, I think Jamie thinks about that a lot more now. “He’s not worried about dying but I think it's the consequences of dying I think talking about Jamie’s nine lives, he’s had probably six or seven of them.” “I think each time it costs him more,” he told Goldderby. One of the most memorable moments Jamie almost met his demise was during season five, when he survived a venomous snake bite. DON'T MISS...Rob Rinder blasted by GMB viewers for 'blaming' GP's during NHS crisis [INSIGHT]Outlander's Jamie Fraser star lands huge new role away from series [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Graham McTavish on Game of Thrones role he turned down [INSIGHT] During the episode, many questioned Jamie’s fate as it was yet to be determined if his body could fight off the venom. His leg was infected and they even had conversations about amputating it. However, Jamie’s daughter Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) came to the rescue after she discovered a syringe after Claire's only syringe had been smashed during the Battle of Alamance. As Jamie was able to keep his life and his leg, viewers were also able to witness him age and mature.  Outlander author Diana Gabaldon opened up about ageing Jamie and Claire, as well as the misconception of older characters. Diana shared: “That probably ties into a misassumption that older people are not interesting. “If you come out of the romance novel reading tradition and so forth, only people up to about 30 or maybe 35 these days — are at all interesting, because you know, they still have sex. “You can’t have stereotyped old geezers running around doing stuff that 30-year-old people would be doing, but that doesn’t mean what they are doing is pointless or uninteresting,” she told Seattle Times. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 