So far this year there have been more than 500 wildfires across Britain fuelled by heat waves, tinder dry conditions and climate change. There were 247 wildfires last year compared to 533 as of Monday, August 1, according to the National Fire Chiefs Council (NFCC). The figures do not include smaller grass fires. Once relatively rare events, scientists say such blazes have become increasingly frequent and fierce, fuelled by heat waves, droughts and the growing menace of a changing climate. The destruction of homes, livelihoods and the environment have raised questions about how well resourced Britain's fire and rescue services are to handle such blazes. Riccardo la Torre, a firefighter for 18 years with Essex Fire and Rescue Service and now National Officer at the Fire Brigades Union (FBU), warned Britain's fire services are not getting the resources they need. He claimed years of Government cuts have slashed firefighter numbers by 11,500 since 2010 and left crews unprepared for the current level of demand.  He told Express.co.uk: "Anyone can see the conditions have been brutal for firefighters. All fire are obviously difficult conditions to work in, but wildfires are brutal - the temperatures they burn at, the speed with which they spread, access to water is more difficult, they are very labour intensive. "We're severely unprepared. You can't take a fifth of the workforce out and expect us to be prepared for the current level of work caused by the consequences of extreme weather events resulting from climate change." Mr la Torre said there is less funding and fewer fire engines, adding that during recent wildfires in Norfolk, local firefighters had to call for help from as far away as Tyne and Wear and Merseyside, slowing down the ability to put out the flames. He said: "What we see is despite the heroic efforts of firefighters on the ground and control operators, homes are being lost, infrastructure is being lost, firefighters are being injured and hospitalised.  READ MORE ABOUT A GIANT TORTOISE STOPPING TRAINS  "We have been warning fire officers at the National Fire Chiefs Council and politicians that these conditions are increasing. They're not a surprise." He claimed: "Politicians and chief fire officers say this is unprecedented, but we knew it was coming. Instead of preparing for this challenge, they continued to push ahead with their cuts agenda, leaving us unprepared." Mr la Torre also accused the NFCC of aiding the Government in making cuts to fire and rescue services by mapping where they could fall. His comments came ahead of a possible second summer heatwave. That prospect prompted London's Fire Commissioner to call for a total ban on disposable barbecues, which pose a significant risk if they are not put out properly.  DON'T MISS: Boy dies in Kent funfair horror as police confirm 'serious incident' [REPORT] Meghan Markle 'fears Harry will be lured back into Royal Family' [REVEALED] Royal Family LIVE: 'Wanted the title' Meghan's hopes dashed [LATEST]  The NFCC has insisted in a statement the demand fire and rescue services (FRS) saw during the heatwave was unprecedented with those services "stretched". The statement continued: "There was limited mutual aid available in some parts of the country at the peaks of demand, however, services coped remarkably well in the hottest and driest weather seen in 46 years. "Changing climate and increased demand means FRSs need to be resourced to current and emerging risk as well as demand. We do anticipate we will see an increase in both in the coming years which we are planning [for], however, we think the demand may come sooner than anticipated." The NFCC added it runs a National Resilience scheme which can be called on to deploy fire service assets anywhere in the country along with specialist, tactical advisers to assist at large and complex incidents.  It also has national groups focused on wildfires and flooding. The NFCC said it is working with other bodies to build wildfire response capacity and capability as well as identifying what extra resources and preparations might be required to address extreme conditions. A Home Office spokesperson said: "The Government is committed to ensuring fire services have the resources they need to keep us safe, including from wildfires, and, overall, fire and rescue authorities will receive around £2.5billion in 2022/23. "We have brought forward the most comprehensive set of fire reforms for decades, with the launch of the Fire Reform White Paper this May. This work aims to bring forward improvements to deliver higher standards and consistency across fire and rescue services to keep the public safe."  According to the Government, the volume and nature of work attended by firefighters has changed substantially since 2010. It says that over that period the total number of incidents attended by Fire and Rescue Services in England has reduced by 20 percent with the number of fire incidents attended down by 34 percent. Firefighter headcount in England has reduced from 44,307 in 2010 to 35,279 last year, a reduction of 9,028 (20 percent), according to the Home Office. However, the FBU insists safety continues to be compromised because of lower numbers, putting the health of firefighters at risk.  Mr la Torre said: "Firefighters have been treated terribly since 2010. We've seen pay cut year on year for a decade in real terms. We need to give firefighters a fair deal. "The worst case scenario is the public will have to stop with the expectation fire and rescue services can handle the sort of incidents we have seen if we don't have the resources. "Firefighters will still go above and beyond, but they will push themselves to the point where they get hurt. We can't allow that. We need a serious conversation about how we fund our fire and rescue services." 