Prince William, Kate and their three children are moving to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor's Home Park. George, nine, Charlotte, seven, and Louis, four, will start at Lambrook School near Ascot in September. Kensington Palace said in a statement that the Duke and Duchess were "hugely grateful" to Thomas's Battersea where George and Charlotte had a "happy start to their education" and were "pleased to have found a school for all three of their children which shares a similar ethos and values to Thomas's". A royal source said their current Kensington Palace residence can be "a little bit of a fishbowl" as William and Kate put George, Charlotte and Louis first. The insider said: "This is very much a decision that two parents have made to give their children the 'most normal' start possible. "Kensington Palace can be a little bit of a fishbowl. "They wanted to be able to give George, Charlotte and Louis a bit more freedom than they have living in central London. "It's very much a decision that's been led by the kids." William and Kate will retain Kensington Palace's Apartment 1A, which was refurbished with £4.5 million of taxpayers' money in 2013, as their official residence and their working base, which will continue to house their office staff. They will also keep their 10-bedroom Norfolk country mansion Anmer Hall, which was a gift from the Queen and underwent building work at their own cost. The family will use the 19th-century Adelaide Cottage as their home after the Queen gave them permission to lease the four-bedroom Grade II listed property, which belongs to the Crown Estate. William and Kate will pay market value on the house from their own private funds. The Cambridges are moving to their new home before the school term begins. Jonathan Perry, headmaster at Lambrook School, said: “We are delighted that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will be joining us this coming September and very much look forward to welcoming the family, as well as all of our new pupils, to our school community.” The young royals will be day pupils for now at the school which also offers boarding. Fees cost £4,389 a term for Reception to Year 2 pupils such as Louis, £6,448 per term for Years 3-4 like Charlotte, and £6,999 per term for George through Years 5-8. They will enjoy top facilities at Lambrook including a swimming pool, sports pitches and new £6 million academic and ICT building. George and Charlotte have left Thomas's Battersea in London, while Louis will be starting full-time education. Ben Thomas, principal of Thomas’s London Day Schools, said: “We would like to thank George, Charlotte and all of our leaving pupils for upholding the school’s values and for their many contributions to school life throughout their time at Thomas’s. "We wish them every happiness and success at their next schools and beyond.” The downsizing to Adelaide Cottage means William and Kate's full-time nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo will live elsewhere for the first time, as will other staff including the housekeeper and the chef. The Cambridges will be closer to the Queen, 96, who is mainly based at Windsor Castle. They will also be nearer to Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton, who live in Bucklebury. And the young royals' new school is only a 20-minute drive from Adelaide Cottage.  Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine, said: "Relocating to Adelaide Cottage in the ultra-private Home Park at Windsor takes away the 'goldfish-bowl' aspect of the Cambridge family's life. "Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace is perfect in so many ways but the Duke and Duchess and their children are unable to come and go as they might like or take advantage of the nearby London parks because of the ever-present privacy issues. "Logistically, having all three children in the same school makes perfect sense because it means just one school run. With the family in Berkshire the journey will be considerably shorter and easier than the nightmare that was Kensington Palace to Battersea twice a day. "It also means that the cost of security, always a contentious topic, is much lower than if Louis was at a different school to his siblings."  However, anti-monarchy group Republic branded the move "disgraceful". Graham Smith, chief executive of the campaign group, said: "All these palatial homes require round-the-clock protection, heating and staffing." He said the Crown Estate was "a state-owned property empire that is supposed to make money for the treasury". Mr Smith added: "While ordinary households are struggling with their energy bills and facing crippling inflation, why are we giving yet another home to William and Kate? This is disgraceful."  