Next month, Kaye Adams will take to the Strictly Come Dancing dancefloor where she will compete against her fellow celebrities each week for a place in the final. The Loose Women panellist explained while she was excited to take part in the BBC competition, she was frightened of certain aspects of the show. The presenter opened up about her upcoming stint on Strictly with her pals on Monday's Loose Women. "Denise [Welch] was telling me out the back there," Nadia Sawalha began before adding: "I don't know if you guys can find this. "But there is a video of you somewhere saying you are happy about being on Strictly." "I said to Kaye this morning, 'Are you happy about being on Strictly?'" Denise chipped in as she mimicked Kaye shrugging a response. The show proceeded to share a clip of Kaye speaking about her upcoming appearance on Strictly. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘very worried’ he’s ‘going to be in trouble’ with memoir As she sat in the back of a taxi, Kaye can be heard saying: "I can unequivocally say I am so happy that I've agreed because it has reconnected me with real people." Nadia went on to reveal Kaye's big fear about taking part in the dance contest. "We were having such a laugh in the make-up room," she continued. "I posted it on Instagram, but I really want you to have another go. "Kaye's big fear about..." Nadia added as Kaye interrupted: "One of many fears." Nadia went on: "She can't do a sexy face. So, this one [Denise] has been trying to do it." Denise continued: "It's like when you have to teach men how to do [the] handsome man face as well." The panellist proceeded to show her pals how Kaye should put a sexy face. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent forced to cut interview over 'problem' [VIDEO]Vera writer speaks out on Brenda Blethyn series ending [SPOILER]BBC Breakfast host says Jeremy Paxman is 'mean' [INSIGHT]  The panel burst into laughter, as Nadia commented: "You look like Ben Stiller." "I can't do it," Kaye added as she tried to pull a sexy face. Kaye's admission comes after she revealed she was suffering from her health just weeks before the competition. The presenter revealed she had recently undergone a series of tests ahead of her appearance on Strictly and said she has been advised to get hearing aids.  In a new interview, Kaye said doctors discovered that one of her ears has a poor level of hearing, while the other is trying to compensate. "My hearing is an issue, to the extent that I’ve had full consultations and examinations on my ears. It’s probably getting to the stage where it’s getting problematic in certain situations," she told The Sun. "I have been recommended to get hearing aids. One ear, in particular, has a very poor level of hearing and the other one is trying its best to compensate."  Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.