After recently confessing to have drastically cut down on her alcohol consumption as “drinking one unit a day” will increase the star’s chances of her cancer recurring by 28 percent, the star shared that something she aims to maintain within her diet is olive oil. The star went on to explain that particularly one type of oil, which is dubbed to be the “healthiest”, can help to combat both cancer and heart disease. What is the truth about olive oil consumption and what are its health benefits?  Posing in a yoga position whilst wearing a bikini that flaunted her immaculate figure, all whilst underneath an olive tree, Bradbury shared three healthy benefits of olive oil to her 223,000 Instagram followers. Within the post she stated: “Olive oil has been around as long as the Ancient Greeks. “The olive oil that goes through the least amount of processing to make is extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). [It] is the healthiest.” Having Greek heritage from her mother, Bradbury is well rehearsed to spread information regarding the health benefits of olive oil, going on to claim that EVOO can even help stop arteries from hardening.  DON'T MISS: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may start to notice when waking up in the morning   Bradbury’s post gained more than 3,000 likes and fans flooded the comments with how they would use more olive oil to reap the benefits. One even urged the star to “write a book” full of all of her health and lifestyle tips which she posts so much about. Whilst another commented: “Thank you as always for your advice Julia. I will use olive oil a lot more.” And a third wrote: “I never really thought about olive oil and its benefits, thank you for highlighting this.”Similarly to the content of Bradbury’spost, registered nutritionist Nicola Shubrook provided BBC Good Food with five main health benefits of olive oil, especially as it is a main component of the Mediterranean diet. Shubrook explains that one level tablespoon of olive oil can provide the following:  In addition to the various healthy fats, vitamins and calories olive oil provides, Shubrook explains that the substance also has the potential to improve heart health, reduce inflammation, improve mood, improve brain function and protect against chronic disease. Olive oil is defined as the liquid fat, or natural oil obtained by pressing whole olives. There has been plenty of research conducted that demonstrates its benefits for heart health. This includes its ability to reduce blood pressure and improve cholesterol levels, both of which contribute to a reduced risk of heart disease. In addition, a large review of these studies demonstrated how olive oil was the only source of monounsaturated fat associated with a reduced risk of both stroke and heart disease. Research looking at the role of antioxidants and their anti-inflammatory effect, including oleic acid found in olive oil, has discovered that these play a role in reducing inflammation and the marker for inflammation, known as C-Reactive Protein (CRP).   