Charities, experts and victims say the cost-of-living crisis has worsened what was already a problem on an epidemic scale among some of the UK's poorest and most desperate families. England footballer Marcus Rashford galvanised Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2020 to step up and address food poverty in the UK, especially provision in school holidays. But government analysis of its £220million 2021 Holiday Activities and Food (HAF) programme shows that of the 1.7 million children eligible for a free healthy, hot dinner only 498,000, or 29 percent, took advantage. And then they did so on average for only 9.6 days. Figures from charity End Child Poverty show 3.6 million children live in poverty in the UK - eight children in every class of 30. Our Stop Child Hunger Now crusade demands more action as low wages, high energy costs and soaring inflation are worsening the crisis. Many local authorities are funding HAF programmes but they have attracted criticism from parents, who cannot afford to pay to get to the sites. Lunch is also not a guarantee - the Government guidance states at least one meal a day must be provided, but this could be breakfast, lunch or dinner. Labour is urging the Government to enable cash payments for free holiday meals so those most in need can get precisely what they require. It claims if the same percentages as last year access this summer's scheme, the benefit will reach only 550,260 children. That means some 51 million dinners not reaching our most impoverished youngsters. Shadow schools minister Stephen Morgan MP said: "Labour would ensure families eligible for free school meals are supported, empowering parents to choose the food and supplies needed to help them battle rising prices." Statistics from national poverty charity, Turn2us, revealed some 49 percent of its users with kids reported having no money to live on after essentials.  Analysis from Resolution Foundation projects a further 500,000 children will fall into poverty by April 2023. The Department for Education said: "The Holiday Activities and Food plan offers activities and healthy meals to disadvantaged children in holidays. "We have provided wider welfare support for families in need through the Household Support Fund which helps vulnerable families."  A single mother has told how she eats just one meal a day - so she can feed, bathe and clothe her five-year-old daughter, writes Emily Braeger. The full-time working mum-ofone, 32, who asked not to be named, said: "I have a warm drink throughout the day to keep me going but other than that I just have dinner. "It's really hard. I didn't think that this was affecting me but I now have an illness causing high blood pressure. My body is quite literally not coping with the lack of food anymore. "I feel like a failure and there are moments when I feel like breaking down." She went on: "As the winter months approach, we will probably struggle a lot more. The other day, I noticed we were in emergency credit; since the price rises, I struggle to keep up. "Now the food bill has gone up even more. We used to spend £80 on shopping but now I'm spending double because of the extortionate prices. My little girl often asks for sweets when we're shopping, and I have to tell her, 'Maybe another day'. But she's smart and says, 'Oh, do we have to wait until payday?' I shouldn't have to tell a five-year-old that." The mum buys basic and unbranded food, turns off all appliances in the house when they are not in use and makes sure the lights are off - but still only scrapes by. She said: "We just manage. You really don't get much support when you work full time. Most people can just go out to the cinema, go to the theatre, buy their children toys. I can't. "My daughter is desperate to start gymnastics and the things her friends do, but we can't. "The stereotype of single parents is we all live on benefits and get handouts left, right and centre, but that's not the case." A volunteer has revealed how one frail pensioner visited a church breakfast club saying he had not eaten for four days due to the cost-of-living crisis. Donna Scully, who helps at the CharlesThompson Mission in Birkenhead, Merseyside, shared the harrowing story. The lawyer tweeted: "It's getting so bad. At breakfast club there were more people with accommodation than homeless, but who can't eat and pay energy bills. "Very thin, elderly man this morning hadn't eaten for four days. In the UK in 2022. He can't make ends meet." Donna's tweet has since gone viral, with thousands of retweets and shares. One user said: "Words fail to express the sheer despair of living in the fifth richest country and this is still happening." Another added: "Hunger is stalking UK households and will get worse over the next year."