Ms Knight explained how switching from one reliable source of energy to wind farms would not work completely. The former chief executive of Energy UK explained that the wind didn't blow all the time so an offshore wind farm would not produce enough consistent energy supplies. The UK is currently facing an energy crisis where bills are expected to rise dramatically this winter, with some Britons expected to pay up £7,000 in energy costs, money which many cannot afford to pay. Due to the looming crisis experts have been trying to get on top of the issue, in order to tackle it in time and ease the burden. Ms Knight told Talk TV: "So what I'm trying to say is not spread the blame but there has been a sort of groupthink across all political parties. "And part of that groupthink has forgotten about what I call the transition. "And that is how you get from us being dependent on a lot of coal fire generation and some gas, through to renewables. "There seems to be a complete misunderstanding, that you can replace one reliable, it will work all the time power station by an offshore wind farm... JUST IN: British special forces teaching Zelensky's forces 'French resistance' tactic Ms Knight added: "You can't, because of course, the wind doesn't blow all the time. "And so you know the big gap has been forgetting about energy security, and some of those decisions need to be made were difficult and haven't been. "Of which fracking is one, and another which still has got to be properly made, is nuclear, but I don't mean these huge great power stations. "Which takes ten years and £20b or whatever, I mean a small scale repeatable nuclear power station, which can be built in about two years, same design. "Cost of about 2bn which means that you will get private investment in, and it won't just sit on the taxpayer."  READMORE:'Get a spine!' Keir Starmer faces backlash from trade unions following picket line ban     There has been a major push by the British Government under Boris Johnson to get on the road to net zero by 2050. It is currently still unclear if this will be a major priority for the next Prime Minister who takes over from him in just a matter of days. Many Britons have been calling for the Government to start fracking, in order to create an energy source that is cheaper. Mr Johnson is expected to discuss the energy crisis in his farewell speech to the British public, which will come shortly. DON’T MISS: 'Hawkish stance!' Liz Truss set to declare China an official threat if she wins No10 race[INSIGHT] Prince Charles attends traditional church service at Balmoral during break with Queen [REVEAL] Liverpool organised crime: Merseyside Police confirm 170 arrests in 'relentless' clampdown [SPOTLIGHT]    A Government source told the Telegraph: “Boris is passionate about the energy strategy. "There is a desire to say something this week about how everything we have done has kept us in a much better position in the medium and long term, through investing in nuclear and wind.” The source added: “Clearly we need to help people cope with bills this winter, but there is an even bigger need to address supply side and ensure we have homegrown affordable energy for people and businesses as soon as we can. "Too many governments have ducked this.” READ NEXT