Former world No. 1 Andy Roddick claimed victories over the biggest names in tennis over the course of his impressive 15-year career in the sport. However, the American's rivalry with Roger Federer will always be remembered as his most significant with the Swiss legend presenting a 'rough matchup'. Roddick, 39, lost no fewer than four Grand Slam finals against the tennis superstar, including back-to-back Wimbledon deciders in 2004 and 2005. The American's sole major title came at the U.S. Open in 2003, but his trophy cabinet would likely look a lot more full were it not for Federer. Speaking to the New York Post ahead of Federer's return to the court, following more than a year out, Roddick has opened up on what exactly made his nemesis so tough to beat. When presented with the premise that their rivalry was so entertaining because 'styles make fights', Roddick agreed Federer's approach to the sport was like his kryptonite. "It was just a rough matchup," he said. "There wasn’t much that I did well naturally that he couldn’t counter naturally. Even against Rafa [Nadal], I knew my first serve would bother him. I knew that I had a little bit more power through the court. READ MORE 'It's a joke' John McEnroe goes on explosive Novak Djokovic rant amid US Open drama "And similarly to Roger and Rafa, that matchup is more difficult on Roger because of the lefty and the spins. Roger forced me out of my comfort zone consistently." Federer, 41, bested Roddick in 21 of their 24 career encounters, and all three of the latter's wins came in ATP Masters Series events. Of the 67 sets played between the pair overall, Roddick claimed just 14. That record is significantly worse than Roddick's ratios against either of the other 'Big Three' members, Nadal and Novak Djokovic. The Nebraska native also won just three matches against Nadal—though they met only 10 times—but managed to beat an upcoming Djokovic in five of their nine meetings. DON'T MISS US Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity match - 'Really against it'  Emma Raducanu earns important boost for US Open defence after Williams and Azarenka wins US Open under pressure as second player speaks out on women having different tennis balls    Roddick is now seven years into retirement and approaching the 19th anniversary of his sole Grand Slam triumph in New York. This year's U.S. Open gets underway on August 29, though former foe Federer will also be absent from the draw. The Swiss veteran recently tantalised fans with footage of his return to court after a long-standing injury absence. Federer is expected to make his comeback at the Laver Cup in September, with faint hopes the 20-time Grand Slam champion's major days aren't yet behind him.