Many British tourists go on holiday to forget their everyday worries and enjoy a relaxing and peaceful break. The world’s happiest country could be the perfect destination to unwind. READ MORE: Best UK seaside town with the 'cheapest' pub is 'quiet and peaceful' According to United Nations research, Finland is the world’s happiest country, a title it’s held for the last five years. A peaceful and beautiful country, Finland is known for its stunning nature and as the home of Santa Claus. It has good public services and residents have high levels of trust in authority while there are low levels of crime and inequality. The country might not be the top of British tourists’ lists for a summer holiday, but it has plenty of incredible tourist attractions. The Sea Fortress on Suomenlinna island just outside of the capital Helsinki, is one of Tripadvisor’s top rated Finnish attractions. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Awesome place. This is a must do when visiting Helsinki. The views are incredible.” Wild swimming and saunas are a part of Finnish culture and are said to offer a huge boost to mental and physical wellbeing. Tourists can also visit one of the country’s many national parks or travel north to learn more about the culture of the Sami people. READ MORE: Spain celebrates beach bodies with new campaign The Sami people are descendants of nomadic people who lived in northern Scandinavia for thousands of years. The Land of the Midnight Sun, the sun does not set at all from May to August in the most northern part of Finland. Even further south, tourists will enjoy long evenings, perfect for a relaxing BBQ on the shore of a Finnish lake. Finland’s cuisine is centred around fresh ingredients including fish such as salmon and vegetables. Scandinavia dominated the list of the world’s happiest countries with Norway, Denmark and Sweden making the top 10. Iceland, the world’s safest country, is also one of the happiest and came just behind Finland in the rankings. Switzerland was named the fourth happiest country while the Netherlands rounded off the top five. Israel and New Zealand were the only countries outside of Europe to make the top 10 happiest rankings.