Number Fifteen on St Anne's Road has been named as one of the finalists in with a chance of taking the title. It is housed in a former Lloyd's bank building and has been described as “a real gem of a pub that is well worth a visit”. The competition has been on hold over the last two years due to COVID-19 restrictions. Pubs are judged on their atmosphere, decor, welcome, service, inclusivity, overall impression, but most importantly – the quality of live beer, real cider and perry. The 16 regional finalists - from as far apart as Dunfermline and Southampton - will now have a chance to compete for the highest accolade, the National Pub of the Year crown. The overall winner will be announced on November 30 this year. CAMRA has been running a Summer of Pub campaign to help counter several difficult years for the pub industry. A recent YouGov survey shows many are cutting back on pub visits amid spiralling energy costs and massive price rises. The campaign group wants drinkers to pop into their local over the long bank holiday weekend and beyond. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle Andrea Briers, National Coordinator for the Pub of the Year competition says: “This is an incredibly difficult time for many of our beloved pubs as they jump from one crisis to yet another one. “The fact that we’re still seeing such shining examples of pub excellence despite these challenges is incredible, and a real testament to these winners. “I’d encourage everyone to go out and support their local and even seek out these fantastic pubs in your area – they really are the cream of the crop and uphold the very highest standards of what makes a great pub.” Speaking of Number Fifteen, a CAMRA spokesperson said: "A real gem of a pub that is well worth a visit. Check out the vault in this former Lloyd’s Bank. Nine handpumps, of which one is dedicated to always serving a dark beer. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  [COMMENT]Princess Anne’s ‘most annoying’ habit exposed by Zara Tindall  [INSIGHT]'Royal rebel' Lady Amelia Windsor shows 'desire to avoid criticism' [EXPERT] “2019 saw this pub win a well-deserved local award in the form of cider pub of the year and was also runner-up for pub of the year." Here are ten other regional finalists: A classic half-timbered 14th Century pub, with log fires in the winter and a good-sized beer garden for sunny summer days. A traditional two-bar city pub - mostly serving beers from Norfolk and two local ciders. READ MORE: Kate Winslet's terrifying near-death experience on Titanic set Known locally as 'The Jockey' this split-level dog-friendly pub also offers sports TV, occasional bands and a weekly pub quiz. As well as up to five real ales dispensed via hand pull, the Beer Atlas offers a collection of beers in bottles and cans from around the world. Any draught products can be canned with the on-site canning machine for takeaway. The former florist shop is now a long, narrow micropub. Real ales and ciders are sold from a temperature-controlled cool room cellar. Prosecco, gin, vodka, fruit juice and local Chapel Down wine are provided for those who prefer them. With views over the River Mersey, this low-beamed pub dating from 1759 suffered a fire in 2010 but has been restored. Renowned for its Draught Bass, it also offers three guest ales usually including a beer from one of the local breweries. A back-to-basics wedge-shaped pub in the shadow of the railway viaduct – with an emphasis on conversation. This micropub, free from brewery tie, provides fresh ale and wine in a venue with no lager, no slot machines, TVs and no beeping and ringing mobiles. This 19th-century listed building retains the high ceilings and decorative cornice from that period. Licensed as an alehouse in the 17th Century, people believe some of its beams could have come from Drake's "Golden Hind".