Joan Collins believes that a focus on biological age is limiting, not to mention "tremendously rude" and has shared that she still feels like a 40-year-old. Meanwhile, the indignant actress also shared in a new interview that she been branded with the tag "older woman" ever since she was 38. While some are set to celebrate the Hollywood icon turning 90 in just a few months time, Joan won't be one of those emphasising her age. She insists that it's all about how she "looks, feels and behaves" and that age is unimportant to the point of irrelevance. "My mother's generation never [asked someone their age]'," she exclaimed. "But you know, people have been calling me an older woman since I was 38." READ NOW: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life Meanwhile, Joan also has an axe to grind with those who brand her a "super-b***h", based on her portrayal of Alexis Carrington in Dynasty. Dismissing their claims as "fantasy", she asserted: "I think it's utterly ridiculous that powerful, resilient women are portrayed as dangerous." She added to Saga magazine that in her experience, "It's the predatory men who are the real threat." Fortunately, Joan's husband doesn't fall into that category - and after 20 years, her romance with 57-year-old Percy Gibson is as alive as ever. Joan has had some nightmarish experiences with previous loves, as detailed in the autobiography Passion for Life, but it turned out that her fifth marriage was the right one. She admitted that the pair have their disputes, like any other couple, but that when that happens, she simply retreats to her walk-in closet. While she finds comfort in clothes, Percy heads to his home office. The actress and author has exclaimed that she is "lucky" to have him taking care of the children and "all the finances", an arrangement which makes her life less stressful. Although it might seem as if Percy is the patriarch of the house, Joan has previously insisted that she is "absolutely a feminist". Meanwhile Joan, who has a penchant for glittery sequined outfits, refuses to allow anyone to dictate to her what is age-appropriate for her to wear. In an interview with You magazine earlier in her 80s, she vowed to dress up in mini skirts if she wanted. "I’ll wear a leather skirt – even a bikini – if I want to. Clothes are my passion and I adore them," she explained. Joan keeps trim by hiring a personal trainer, who had been helping her work out twice a week. She gives into her "chocoholic" cravings, but exercises as much as she can afterwards. Meanwhile she credits her youthful complexion to her commitment to staying out of the sun. "I have always worn sun protection, and have kept my face away from harmful rays since I was 20. "You should see me when I wake up in the morning - my face is so white, it’s like a sheet," she joked to You magazine.