The AA has said they expect 45 percent of British drivers to undertake one last leisure trip this weekend as the summer holidays end. The AA has warned drivers to expect delays on major roads as the motoring company expects traffic to be at its busiest on Saturday between 10am and 4pm.  High traffic volumes are to be expected on the M4/M5 near Bristol, the M1 between the M25 and Newport, the M6/M42 interchange in Bringham and M62 between Liverpool and Manchester. Roads are likely to be busier due to the bank holiday on Monday, August 26 and the school holidays ending across Britain except in Scotland, where the school year has already begun. The end of August means roads are likely to be busier than usual as families return home from holiday to get ready for the new school year. There are many events taking place across Britain this weekend, such as the Carfest festival in South Hampshire, Reading and Leeds festivals as well as the final few days of the Edinburgh Fringe festival, which celebrates its 75th anniversary this year.  There will also be sporting events, such as a full programme of football fixtures and the England vs South Africa cricket match in Manchester. A spokesperson from the AA, Sean Sidley said: “This year we are predicting up to 15 million journeys will be made over the August bank holiday, as families make the most of the warm weather and have a last hurrah before the new school year. “With events and festivals fully back to normal, localised congestion will peak at closing time around major venues, but the rest of the UK could see peak journeys throughout Saturday. “Traffic is likely to build again from Monday afternoon and into Tuesday, so allow plenty of time if you’re travelling then.  READ MORE: Prince Willaim supports New Zealanders affected by flooding “Routes to and from coastal resorts and beauty spots will be among the busiest, so drivers should plan ahead for the journey and check your car before you go.” Major train railroads across the UK will be disrupted at the weekend due to engineering upgrades taking place. There will be a limited timetable this weekend in Northampton, Milton, Keynes and London Euston. Network Rail has said that 95 percent of railroads will remain open this week. Network Rail Chief Executive, Andrew Haines, said: “I’m pleased to say the vast majority of the railway will be open for business as usual this bank holiday, so passengers can rely on us to get them where they need to go as they make the most of their summers. “Our teams will be delivering some upgrade works to improve future journeys for passengers, so we’re asking people to check before they travel and make sure their route isn’t affected.”  DON'T MISS: British hosts have said they cannot afford to keep homing refugees [REVEAL]UK economy suffers biggest fall since 1709 after taking 11 percent hit [REPORT]Ukrainians express fears of ‘catastrophe’ at power plant [BREAKING]