Brent crude futures went up by 32 cents (27 pence) to $96.80 (£82.28) per barrel while US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude rose by 37 cents (31 pence) to $90.73 (£77.1) per barrel. This month benchmarks are down 12 percent and eight percent respectively.  OPEC’s leader Saudi Arabia said on Monday that “the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries stands ready to reduce production to correct the recent oil price fall driven by poor futures market liquidity and macro-economic fears, which has ignored extremely tight physical crude supply”, reported CNBC. Saudi Arabia’s Energy Minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman told Bloomberg that OPEC has “OPEC+ has the means and flexibility to deal with challenges”. This comes as Europe deals with a fresh crisis in their oil supply due to a damaged pipeline system bringing oil from Kazakhstan through Russia. Sanctions against Russian oil and gas are already threatening Europe’s supply.  On Monday Iran accused the US of “procrastinating” over plans to revive Iran’s nuclear deal. Washington has denied this, saying a deal was getting closer due to Tehran’s flexibility. American spokesman Ned Price told CNN: “A deal is closer now than it was two weeks ago, but the outcome of these ongoing discussions still remains uncertain as gaps do remain.”  READ MORE: Schoolgirl killed in 'abhorrent' attack as police launch manhunt The European Union, which has been acting as a mediator between the two sides, called on Washington and Tehran to put forward their answers to restore the deal earlier this month. Iran submitted a response last week, however the US still has not given its answer. Mr Price rold reporters on Monday: “We are working as quickly as we can, as methodically as we can and as carefully as we can see to it that our response is complete.  DON'T MISS:Amber traffic warning this weekend [LATEST]Prince Willaim supports New Zealanders affected by flooding [ROYALS]Prince Harry praised for rare show of emotion during tour of Africa [SPOTLIGHT] “It takes into account the Iranian feedback and we'll provide that to the EU as soon as we're able.” He added that the US was “conveying (its) feedback directly and privately to the EU”. The leaders of Britain, France and Germany have also been involved in the conversation to revive the 2015 deal. 