Manchester United would be signing another Eric Cantona if they’re able to get Adrien Rabiot over the line, according to former defender Paul Parker. The Juventus star is expected to seal a straightforward move to Old Trafford in the coming days after a fee was agreed with the Serie A giants. And though the 27-year-old has already faced criticism, his signing has now been endorsed. Manchester United are confident of signing Rabiot from Juventus. They’ve reportedly agreed a fee of £15million for the 27-year-old. who started his career at Manchester City before departing in 2008. And though United also want to recruit Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, they’re convinced the France international can be an important player at Old Trafford. With many fans protesting a move, however, there’s uncertainty over whether the Paris Saint-Germain star can be the answer to the club’s midfield woes. And Parker, speaking to Fut Fanatico, has now claimed Rabiot is like Cantona and will need to be managed correctly in order to get the best from him. "Everyone is throwing up a wall of hate against him (Adrian Rabiot) at the moment because everyone is looking at his history,” he said. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything "They (Man Utd) need something different. They need somebody who’s got a point to prove. "I think, if you would have looked at the same things in 1992 when Eric Cantona come to Manchester United. The only thing he was living off was the season with Leeds and winning the league and winning Championship; the last league Championship and beating Manchester United to that title as well. That’s all Eric had in his locker. "So Manchester United fans could have been saying that about him then." And he added: "I don’t think you can really judge him (Adrian Rabiot) straight away. Some people find their home. "Eric Cantona found his home. He was a maverick and he found a sheriff in Sir Alex Ferguson, who was willing to leave the jail door open for him. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "And that’s called good management. "So maybe if he (Rabiot) gets managed right you can get more." Parker does admit, however, that United are no longer the club they used to be. And he insists that is impacting their slow transfer business, too, with Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez their only arrivals so far. "You have to remember, Manchester United at this moment in time cannot go and get a player with incredible stats,” he said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “They would cost them eighty to eighty million plus, and then they’re not going to want to come to Manchester United. "Manchester United at the moment, instead of shopping at Hugo Boss, they’re shopping at Primark. “That’s where they are at the moment because of the levels of performances they’re showing on the pitch and the way the club is run." "Every fan out there has got to understand that they have to improve players. “They may have to find those kinds of players who are in not a good place and revitalise them." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Rabiot isn’t the only player United want to sign before the transfer window slams shut. They’re still pursuing De Jong and are ‘optimistic’ about beating Chelsea to the Netherlands international as they battle to prise him away from Barcelona. United want a new forward, amid links to Antony and Cody Gakpo. They’ve been offered Alvaro Morata and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, of Juventus and Barcelona respectively, but are yet to register an interest in either player. And United would also like to land a new right-back, too, with Denzel Dumfries and Max Aarons both potential targets. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here