A baggage handler has begged passengers not to pack certain items in their suitcases, as it can make their job a lot more difficult. Baggage handlers are responsible for getting bags through the airport and onto the correct flight, but things can go wrong along the way. Posting to a Reddit forum, one anonymous baggage handler revealed certain items are more likely to cause issues while in transit. In an "ask me anything" forum, one passenger asked the airport worker: "What do people commonly pack into bags that they should not?" The baggage handler, posting under the name RoyalBlueEyes said that something as simple as food can end up causing chaos. They explained: "Food! Omg food... Please don't pack food or drinks in your bag. They rot, break, leak, open. READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'avoid' 2 types of trousers to get free upgrade  "It smells. Especially alcohol. Then I smell all day after picking up a bag that leaked on me. "Same goes for cologne and perfume. Please wrap it well so it doesn't break." [SIC] When travelling with food and beverages, there are a number of rules passengers need to follow. While most foods are allowed in hold luggage, there are restrictions over the types of food that can be carried in hand luggage. Under the UK Government's liquid rules, most passengers know they can not bring drinks or other liquids in containers over 100ml through security. However, what you might not realise is that this rule also extends to some food items. Gov.uk states: "Liquids in containers larger than 100ml generally cannot go through security even if the container is only part full. There are some exemptions." Therefore, any food which can be classified as a liquid in a container larger than 100ml is banned. DON'T MISSFlight attendant on suitcase packing hack to 'save maximum space' [COMMENT]Passport warning: ‘Most important’ rule change since Brexit [INSIGHT]Pilot share top packing item - ‘your best friend’ [EXPLAINER] This can include things such as olives in brine, spreads such as honey or jam and even dips such as hummus or guacamole. You can pack any of these food items in your hold luggage. However, depending on where you are travelling to, there may be restrictions on the types of food you can take to your destination country. Your Europe explained: "If you travel to the EU from a non-EU country, you are not allowed to bring any meat or dairy products with you. "You can however bring a limited quantity of fruit and vegetables as well as eggs, egg products and honey. "Restricted quantities of fish or fish products are also allowed." There are also limitations on how much alcohol you can carry into certain countries depending on where you are flying from. You should check the specific requirements for your chosen destination before packing any food or beverages.