Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard welcomed former education minister Michelle Donelan on Good Morning Britain to discuss the Lionesses challenge to Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss over making football accessible for girls in school. However, Garraway was shut down when she turned her attention to Donelan backing Truss to be the next Prime Minister. Garraway remarked: “There’s been a lot of big statements from both sides, there’s been a lot of woolliness of how things can happen and where facts and numbers have been put in, they’ve then had to be changed and in fact, complete U-turns have had to be made by Liz Truss. “Are you all now deciding on gut or are you thinking, looking at the polls, that Liz Truss is most likely to win so I might as well back a winner?” Donelan replied: “Liz Truss has never changed her mind on the core policies and the direction of travel of the future administration of her leadership should she win and the focus will be on helping people through the cost of living…” Cutting the MP off, Garraway said: “Sorry to interrupt you but Rishi Sunak would say he hasn’t made changes on core policies. Read more: GMB fans blast Madeley's ‘inappropriate’ comment to Alessia Russo  “The detail of what she’s announced, the precious detail of specifics which people grab on to she has had to change.” Hitting back, Donelan said: “Well, if you let me finish, what I was saying is that the core promise she is saying is she will help people through the cost of living by reducing taxes. “You can’t tax people through a cost of living crisis, you also can’t grow the economy by increasing taxes. “We’ve got the highest tax burden in 70 years.” “She wants to knock the economic orthodoxy on its head,” she continued. “She wants to break down those barriers just like in football, challenge the status quo and make sure we are progressing as a country.” The Tory MP explained Truss wants to make sure the Government is “offering opportunities” and “prioritising education”. Donelan told Garraway and Shephard that education was something “close to her heart”. DON'T MISSKate Garraway back on TV after Derek wins fight for life with sepsis [VIDEO]Susanna Reid supports Kate Garraway after Derek contracts sepsis [INSIGHT]Sam Fox recalls moment she found a lump in her throat [INTERVIEW] “Having worked with [Truss] for nearly a year, I was an education minister attending cabinet for that long and I want to ensure the next administration prioritises education and skills,” Donelan said. “Liz Truss has said she wants to be the education Prime Minister. “But at the heart of what she wants to do is put people first and ensure that they get through this cost of living crisis, that she creates opportunities and that slogans that we hear like “aspiration nation” are made a reality.” The Tory MP assured the hosts she wants to make sure the next Government “delivers on its promises”. A new survey of Conservative party members by ConservativeHome has revealed Truss is the favourite to become the next Prime Minister. The poll shows Truss has extended her lead over Sunak with 58 percent of those asked backing her. Truss and Sunak will face the cameras on Thursday in the latest leadership debate which will be aired on Sky News at 8pm. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.