What Car? put 10 of the latest fully electric models through a summer range test with the contenders falling between 8.1 percent and 18.6 percent short of their official averages. In each case, though, the figure was helped by the car continuing to run for several miles after the instrumentation said there was nothing left in the battery. This suggests that range readouts are deliberately programmed to be conservative so that owners have an emergency buffer. Of the cars tested, the BMW i4 eDrive40 M Sport went farthest on a charge and had the biggest buffer. It has an official WLTP (Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicle Test Procedure) range of 345 miles and 19 miles of extra range when at zero. Meanwhile, at the other end of the scale, the Cupra Born had the shortest summer range of 219 miles and the BMW iX3 the smallest emergency buffer with just five miles. READ MORE: 'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack What Car? editor Steve Huntingford said: “The fear of what will happen if you run out of charge in an electric car continues to put many people off making the switch. “But our test showed that you not only get plenty of warning, but that even when the range readout hits zero, you’ve still got plenty of time to make it to a refuge area or find somewhere else safe to stop.” Three of the cars were also involved in What Car?’s most recent winter range test, with the Kia EV6 RWD GT-Line an extra 50 miles and the Tesla Model Y Long Range an extra 57 miles, giving an indication of how weather extremes can affect electric vehicle performance. On average, the trio went 49 miles (21.4 percent) farther in the summer range test, when the air temperature ranged from 24-29C, than in winter, when it was between three and seven degrees'. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to visit petrol station more often to boost fuel economy [INSIGHT]The best fuel-efficient family cars on the market - Ford, Peugeot, VW [IMPORTANT]Angry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING] This comes as new data from New AutoMotive’s Electric Car Count, which found that 2022 electric car sales are already higher than the whole of 2020. Despite this, in the first full month since the government scrapped the plug-in car grant on June 14, electric car sales have dropped slightly. Year-on-year total car registrations were down eight percent in July 2022 compared with July 2021. Registrations of diesel cars have remained at historic lows,  accounting for around one in 10 new cars bought, while sales of petrol cars have not recovered since before the pandemic. Only electric cars showed any growth in market share or total volumes, and 2022 has already seen more electric cars registered than in the whole of 2020. Ben Nelmes, Head of Policy and Research at New AutoMotive, commented on the data, saying it was a “generally disappointing month”. He added: “However, the UK can and should be targeting higher electric car sales to reduce motoring costs, wean ourselves off Russian diesel and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. “In a month that saw record-shattering temperatures, it’s disappointing that 60 percent of new cars bought are still fossil-fuelled. ”July’s soft growth in electric car sales is a warning light on the dashboard. “The axing of the plug-in car grant was inevitable, but it has left a gaping hole in Government policy on zero emission cars. “The next Government should move at pace to introduce a California-style ZEV mandate that boosts EV sales and reduces EV prices, and to improve access to the growing second-hand EV market for car-dependent households.” Only electric cars showed any growth in market share or total volumes, and 2022 has already seen more electric cars registered than in the whole of 2020.