This disability benefit is claimed by 2.9 million Britons struggling with mental health, learning difficulties and health conditions. However, there are ten common myths that can stop people from claiming PIP, which is worth up to £627 a month. As rising costs continue to squeeze people’s pockets, campaigners are urging people to check if they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. PIP replaced the Disability Living Allowance in 2013 for people whose disability affects their ability to work and carry out everyday tasks. It’s paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to Britons who haven’t yet reached state pension age and is worth up to £627 a month depending on the severity of someone’s condition. PIP also acts as a gateway benefit to 10 other freebies which could help Britons save thousands more. READ MORE: Martin Lewis' MSE's free online tool shows whether to fix tariff Poverty charity Turn2Us recommends checking its Personal Independence Payment (PIP) Test guide before making a claim. One of the biggest myths about PIP claims is that people can’t claim if they are employed. PIP can be claimed by anyone who is working either full or part-time. PIP is not means-tested which means it doesn’t matter how much someone earns. DON'T MISSGoodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [UPDATE]State pension age set to rise to 68 - are you affected? [WARNING]State pensioners on track for bumper pay rise as inflation hits 10.1% [ALERT]Thrifty dad who saved £10,000 shares his extreme money saving tips [INSIGHT] The 10 common PIP myths are: Applying for PIP could also mean people receive free NHS prescriptions, reduced council tax bills and help towards paying their energy bills. PIP claimants will also get cost of living support payments worth up to £2,000 in total. These payments should be made to everyone who relies on disability benefits like PIP, Attendance Allowance and Disability Living Allowance depending on their circumstances. Applicants can ask Citizens Advice or their local disability support agency for help filling out PIP forms if they find it over complicated. 10 things people on PIP could get for free from DWP include: