After weeks of unusually warm and dry weather, hosepipe and sprinkler bans have been announced in areas of the UK including Kent, Sussex and Hampshire. With the hot weather set to continue, gardeners may be worrying about their plants and flowers. Experts at Toolstation have shared alternative methods of watering the garden during a ban. Watering can They explained: “Using a watering can to water your garden is much slower but there are some benefits too. “Why not mix in some plant food and take the opportunity to give your garden a boost of nutrients? “In many instances, as a property owner, you’re legally allowed to draw water from a nearby river, lake or stream to water your garden. “This means you can connect your existing hosepipe to a water pump and water your garden that way.” READ MORE: Five ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances The experts said gardeners should check the rules online via the Environment Agency. Grey water Households can also use grey water during a hosepipe ban. Grey water comes from baths, showers and washing machines. This type of water is great to use in the garden as it prevents waste. DON'T MISS:Cleaning expert warns against wooden spoon cleaning hack [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings flat ‘back to life’ for £7k [VIDEO]Mary Berry’s quiet life in desirable Oxfordshire town [INSIGHT] The experts added: “Household soaps and detergents won’t harm your plants, but you’ll want to avoid water containing stronger cleaning products like bleach and dishwasher salt.” Some plants need watering twice a day during hot weather and it is important to try and not waste water when doing so. Cooking water is also a great option when it comes to watering plants and can even provide them with some added nutrients. Water butts Water butts are another great way to reserve and store water to use in drier parts of the year. READ MORE: Where to keep your hanging baskets - will ‘thrive’ in hot weather Even in dry areas of the UK, the Royal Horticultural Society estimate 150 water butts full of perfectly clean rainwater could be collected from each roof every year. Toolstation experts added: “If you’re looking to save time, a water butt pump is a great idea - they can be easily installed inside a water butt and connected to your existing hose.” But gardeners shouldn’t panic too much about keeping their gardens watered during the summer months. The gardening pros said: “Of course, plants do need water to survive but healthy soil can hold moisture for long periods. “In fact, you’ll often find if you stick your finger below the surface level of your soil, it’s moist underneath. “Plants are most vulnerable to water shortages when they’re first planted. “Once they have established their roots, keeping your soil healthy by adding organic matter like compost and manure should minimise the need for watering. “When it comes to lawns, most established grasses can survive drought for three to four weeks.”