The Repair Shop star Will Kirk has taken to Instagram to announce a change in his family life following the birth of his daughter with his wife, Polly. The antique furniture restorer told how it was finally time for him to go back to work after taking paternity leave, admitting the change would be "hard". In view of his 174,000 followers, Will explained: "My paternity leave has come to an end and it's going to be hard to go back to work. "My wonderful wife has been absolutely amazing as well as the help from friends and family. "The past few weeks have been challenging but the most exciting new chapter in our lives. "I can't wait to bring the little one to the barn to meet her extended family," he ended the post. READ MORE: Mick Jagger’s son exposed crazy reality of celebrity childhood Following Will's post, the star's celebrity friends and fans flocked to leave supportive comments. Strictly Come Dancing pro Graziano di Prima wrote simply left three heart emojis. While chef Anna Haugh commented: "Ooohhh I’m really so delighted for you. Xxxx". The Repair Shop viewer rachelforrester.x wrote: "Can’t wait for you to bring her to the barn!" Back in April, Will announced that he and his wife Polly were expecting their first child together. The star shared a photograph of himself beaming at the camera while holding a mug with “papa” written on it. Will penned: “A new mug to add to my collection this summer. “We are so excited for our new little arrival and to extend our family.” DON'T MISS... Dan Walker red-faced as fans react to his mortifying 'dogging' mistake [INSIGHT]Fern Britton 'looks back and laughs' at Phil Vickery marriage [ANALYSIS]Mary Berry, 87, says croquet saved her life after warning from doctor [UPDATE] Fans were overjoyed to hear the happy news and more than a thousand took to the comments to share their well-wishes. The happy news comes just seven months after Will and Polly tied the knot. The couple were planning to wed in 2020 but had to be postponed until August last year due to the Covid pandemic. Will described the ceremony as the “best day of his life” in an adorable tribute to his wife. Alongside a series of stunning photographs, the craftsman wrote: “The best day of my life. Thank you to all who attended and to those that helped to make it happen.” Three weeks ago, the star shared a sweet snap of himself cradling his daughter. Will penned: "Celebrating our 1 year wedding anniversary with a trip out with the little one. What a difference a year can make." It comes after Will revealed he will front a new show, the Travelling Auctioneers, which will arrive on BBC later this year.