Sir Keir has led the Labour Party since April 4, 2020, after Mr Corbyn led Labour to its biggest defeat in decades since 1935, with 32 percent of the vote and 202 seats. Under the former lawyer’s leadership, Labour is leading the Conservative party in the polls by four points according to YouGov. However, despite Labour rebounding against the Tories, Britain Elects’ net favourability tracker for the last three Labour leaders sees the current party head trail behind his predecessor. Jeremy Corbyn had a net favourability score of -1.6 704 days into his leadership of Labour, while Ed Miliband had a -21.7 at the same point. Sir Keir is currently sitting on -7 points over the same period. The figures have sparked anger in the party and calls to replace Sir Keir with a different MP. A senior Labour figure said: “Many of us wish we were more ruthless. If it was the Tory party he’d be gone by now.” A shadow cabinet source said it was frustrating Sir Keir went “missing in action” while the Government was engulfed in a cost of living crisis. After laying into Boris Johnson and Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi for going on holiday, Sir Keir quietly went away for a sunshine family break in Majorca. A source told the Sun: “Keir seems to think that as the economy’s in such a cataclysmic state he doesn’t need to do much. "He gives the impression because he’s 11 points up in polls he can sit back and win the next election.” READ MORE: Election POLL: Should Liz Truss call an early snap general election? Sir Keir also drew criticism from backbenchers who feel Labour is being “outflanked” by the Government on the cost of living crisis, as the leader made no statement in recent weeks when reports of energy bills increasing broke. One MP told said: “There is the thing Keir said ages ago about painting his vision in primary colours, and then getting to the policy detail closer to an election. “But it doesn’t feel like we’re even doing the primary colours. Our only real policy on it has been the VAT cut… well Liz Truss is offering more than that at the moment. “Technically speaking, we are being outflanked from the left by the Government. Not really an ideal place for the Labour Party to be in.” DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: I was RIGHT! Remoaner Femi taunts Leavers Princess Beatrice wedding tiara sparked Queen worry after serious miss MONSOON to drench UK as tropical downpours obliterate heatwave When Sir Keir was being investigated for a breach of Covid rules by Durham police earlier in 2022, shadow cabinet members were tipped as replacements. Angela Rayner, deputy leader of the Labour Party, has been suggested as a potential replacement and according to YouGov enjoys 25 percent support, is disliked by 24 percent and is known by 68 percent of those surveyed. In contrast, 91 percent surveyed have heard of Sir Keir, but he is disliked by 43 percent and liked by 22 percent. Other potential replacements include shadow Secretary of State for Health and Social Care Wes Streeting, shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper, shadow Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Lisa Nandy and Mayor of Manchester Andy Burnham.