Laundry can be a chore, especially when it comes to bath towels. While it is important to wash them at high temperatures and not mix them with other fabrics, with energy bills on the rise, this may not be possible for some people. According to one expert, Britons should avoid using bleach and fabric softeners. Jessica Hanley, founder of Piglet in Bed, said: “Wash your new towels before you use them. “Nearly all new towels are coated with softeners that are often used during the finishing process, which provides that extra-fluffy look that you see at the store. “The coating can restrict the absorbency of your towels, so it’s best practise to wash them before your first use.” According to the expert, this can affect the colour and quality of the towels. READ MORE: Five kitchen items you ‘need’ to give your space the ‘wow factor’ Adding fabric softener coats the fibres with residue, according to Jessica. This can then hinder water absorption, something which is needed in towels. The expert added: “Instead, use wool dryer balls to help fluff fibres and speed up drying time.” White vinegar can also be used when cleaning towels. DON'T MISS:The quiet town where Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes call home [EXPLAINER]Three ways to efficiently water your garden during a hosepipe ban [COMMENT]Cleaning expert warns against wooden spoon cleaning hack [EXPERT] The natural cleaning product can help to brighten whites as well as remove stains and odours. However, Britons should also invest in high quality towels to begin with if possible. Jessica said: “Opting for cotton terry towels made from high quality materials such as cotton poly blend or zero twist cotton, gives you the best start for long-term freshness and softness. “Zero twist means that the yarn didn’t have to be twisted in the production process, which is only possible with high quality cotton fibres, making towels feel luxurious.” READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings flat ‘back to life’ for £7k If in the market for new towels, try to avoid decorative trimmings such as frayed edges. Crochet is also a common design on towels and it should be avoided. The expert said these types of towels can show signs of wear and tear faster than the rest of the fabric on the towel. She continued: “Keep your clothes and towels separate when washing. “Washing towels with clothes can transfer a lot of bacteria between each item in the washing cycle. “Putting towels in their own load allows towels to dry easier, as damp towels typically dry slower than clothes. “Make sure you shake any excess water from your towels before placing them in the dryer, as this will help fluff the material and keep them absorbent. “Avoid leaving wet towels to sit in the washer for a long period of time, as this can result in an unpleasant musty smell.” Drying towels on a high heat can damage the cotton fibres. Opting to dry towels outside can make them crisper, which some people may like. If choosing to dry towels in a tumble dryer, especially in the winter months, the expert recommended drying at 40 degrees. Jessica said: “This will help achieve your desired softness, eliminating bacteria in the process. “In the summer months, take advantage of the sun to let your towels air dry - the ultimate all-natural dryer that helps maintain the integrity of the fabric, and keeps your towels soft and fresh.” When it comes to storing towels, the expert recommended folding them to achieve a square shape.