Following Sean Connery’s departure from the James Bond franchise after his fifth outing in 1967’s You Only Live Twice, producers Cubby Broccoli and Harry Saltzman began looking for their new 007. They found him in 29-year-old Australian model George Lazenby for 1969’s On Her Majesty’s Secret Service, which is on ITV this afternoon at 3:40pm. Over the years, On Her Majesty’s Secret Service has been reassessed with some fans believing it to be one of the best 007 movies. Acclaimed Hollywood director and massive fan of the franchise, Christopher Nolan has said it's his favourite Bond film. He once told Empire: “What I liked about it that we've tried to emulate in this film is there's a tremendous balance in that movie of action and scale and romanticism and tragedy and emotion.” The latter was referring to the fact that, for the only time in the series’ 60 year history, Bond gets married. At the conclusion of On Her Majesty’s Secret Service, Bond marries Diana Rigg’s Countess Tracy di Vicenzo. However, tragedy strikes when 007’s arch-nemesis Blofeld and his henchwoman execute a drive-by shooting on the couple’s Aston Martin. Sadly, Tracey is killed after a bullet gets her in the head and 007 says: “It’s quite alright really. She’s having a rest. I’ll be getting on soon. There’s no hurry you see…we have all the time in the world. READ MORE: James Bond: Daniel Craig answers George Lazenby on his 007 movie Speaking with Express.co.uk in 2017 when No Time To Die was rumoured to have influences from On Her Majesty’s Secret Service – which it did aplenty – Lazenby said he liked the idea. The now 82-year-old told us: “Why not, wonder if he will be allowed to shed a tear at the death of his wife. I had to do a take without, as Peter Hunt [On Her Majesty’s Secret Service director] said James Bond doesn't cry.” In the years since, Craig’s Bond was on the verge of tears when Vesper died in Casino Royale and was seen blubbing when holding M’s body in Skyfall. DON'T MISSJames Bond: Ian Fleming’s ‘SCARILY similar’ coronavirus prediction [JAMES BOND]James Bond star was invited to Sharon Tate's on night of her murder [GEORGE LAZENBY]James Bond: George Lazenby ‘Daniel Craig's salaries makes me JEALOUS' [DANIEL CRAIG] No Time To Die featured music from On Her Majesty’s Secret Service, including Louis Armstrong’s We Have All The Time In The World, with 007 saying those words himself. However, it was Craig’s spy who kicked the bucket instead, while his lover Madeleine Swann lived on. After seeing the latest Bond movie, Lazenby shared on Instagram with a smile emoji: “Interesting choices of music I must say.”