The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's popularity in the US has declined significantly in the past year, according to a royal expert. Speaking on Good Morning Britain, commentator Jack Royston warned the couple that they "have their detractors" in Meghan's home country despite a better reception there compared to the UK. A Teche poll of 1,630 Britons conducted for the Daily Express found 76 percent of respondents did not trust the Duchess of Sussex, the Duke polling slightly better at 59 percent. After being asked if the couple, in particular Meghan, has a "more sympathetic audience in America", Mr Royston said: "She has a much more sympathetic audience in America but they're still not without their critics there. "The Republican Right of America see Harry and Meghan as being the woke royals in the same way that they are sometimes characterised in Britain." Mr Royston added: "They do have their detractors in America but that middle ground, that kind of centre ground, is much more positive of Harry and Meghan out in America than it is in Britain." He spoke of how, in the UK, the "disaffection" of the couple has "spread quite prolifically". READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'packed up belongings' from Frogmore Cottage during return to London Earlier this year, it was revealed in a YouGov poll, that the number of Americans who view Meghan "favourably" had decreased by 32 percent over the past year. Along with this, it was noted that many Americans were "baffled" as to how the Duchess of Sussex has kept her royal title. Speaking previously to The Sun, royal family enthusiast Nile Gardiner claimed that despite Meghan's image "significantly falling", the Queen is "hugely admired" in the US, along with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Speaking previously on the Heirpod podcast, royal commentator Omid Scobie discussed Meghan's short time as a senior royal. READ MORE: Meghan Markle voices concern over Archie attending UK school: 'I have a problem with that' He told Heirpod that joining the Royal Family was "one of the biggest mistakes Meghan made". He added, quoting from reports of people closest to her, that she "naively" joined thinking that the "role came almost with an instant popularity". Despite not being part of the Royal Family, Meghan and Harry are set to return to the UK next month. The main purpose for their visit, their first since the Platinum Jubilee weekend, is to attend a few events for charities "close to their hearts". DON'T MISS During their short trip, the couple are set to attend the One Young World Summit in Manchester on September 5, before flying to Germany for the one-year countdown to the 2023 Invictus Games. Meghan is preparing to read the keynote speech at the One Young World Summit. The Sussexes will then travel to London for the WellChild Awards on September 8, a charity that Harry has been patron of since 2007. READ NEXT: