Michael Schumacher’s wife Corinna rejected Eddie Jordan’s request to visit the Formula One legend after he suffered his skiing accident in 2013. The Irishman played an important role in the seven-time world champion’s career, handing the Ferrari icon his debut in 1991 for his Jordan team. The Formula One legend has not been seen publically since he suffered traumatic head injuries in a skiing accident with few details made public about his current situation. Schumacher receives few visitors outside a small group of family members and close friends. This meant Jordan was rejected when he approached the 91-time race winner’s wife to reach out to his former prodigy. The 74-year-old gave the then 22-year-old Schumacher his first break in the sport calling him up as a replacement for the imprisoned Bertrand Gachot for the Belgian Grand Prix in 1991. The young German excelled during his race in the cockpit qualifying an impressive seventh in the unfancied car before being forced to withdraw in the first lap from clutch problems. It was enough to convince Benetton to sign him for 1992 and he went on to win his first two world titles at the English outfit. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton told by Toto Wolff to 'compromise' after brutal swipe However, Jordan has revealed that this was not enough to convince Corinna to let him visit her husband as he was rebuffed when he reached out. “Corinna, was at one stage a girlfriend of our driver Heinz Harold Frentzen, who later left and went on to marry Schumacher,” Jordan told the Irish Mirror. “So, there was a connection and I reached out and one stage asked was it appropriate and did I think we should go and visit him? “The answer was no. No visitations for anyone at that moment except the actual direct family.” Given the traumatic injuries suffered by the Ferrari icon, it is perhaps no surprise the family would like to maintain their privacy. Jordan was however keen to praise Schumacher’s son Mick after the current Haas driver approached him to keep him informed of his father’s condition. “Since then, young Mick Schumacher - Michael's son - has reached out to me, and he has been extraordinary,” he said. Despite working with him, Jordan does not believe Schumacher is the greatest driver of all time. The debate surrounding Formula One’s GOAT is always fiercely contested with the German constantly mentioned alongside the likes of Lewis Hamilton and Ayrton Senna for the gong. "Is he the greatest driver of all time? I have some reservations about that. But that's just me. Everyone has their own opinion. "There's no doubt that he certainly had the speed. But there were certain things that I never really liked about the way he went about his racing."