Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down from their roles as senior working royals two years ago to pursue other projects and become financially independent from the Firm. The couple now resides in Montecito, California where they are raising their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Before making their decision to leave the Royal Family the Duchess of Sussex joined the Windsors at several engagements including Buckingham Palace garden parties and Trooping the Colour. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Height of ignorance' Meghan faces US backlash In a poll that ran from 11am on Thursday, August 4, to 9am on Tuesday, August 9, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Has Meghan Markle had a positive impact on the Royal Family?” Overall, 13,022 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 98 percent (12,732 people) answering “no”, Meghan hasn't had a positive impact on the Royal Family. A further two percent (224 people) said “yes” she has, while just 66 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed Meghan’s impact. Many commented that Meghan had had a negative impact with one reader, username aquamarine, writing: “She's had a positively negative impact on the Royal Family and the UK.” Username Aussiana said: “Meghan has not made a positive impact on anyone or anything globally.” And username Nicky5am1964 wrote: “She positively has not had a positive impact on the Royal Family or the monarchy.”  While username foxglove said: “I doubt the British people will ever forgive and forget the untold damage she has done.” However, some readers argued that Meghan had positively changed the perception of other members of the Royal Family among the public. Usernam grannysdiatribe said: “Positive impact in making all the other royals like Catherine William, Sophie and Edward more loved and appreciated. “Meghan showed the royals are transparent in their commitment to the Queen. “No she’s not had a positive effect on them but her behaviour shines a light on how good they are.” DON'T MISS Prince Harry tipped for 'return into the royal fold' [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s Jubilee body language gave away their true ‘focus’ [ANALYSIS]Democrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential run [LATEST] Username alica wrote: “I mean, she did have a positive effect, she made the rest of a royal family seem even nicer in comparison.” And username Heffalump said: “No she has not had a positive impact on the Royal Family, except in one respect. “They have closed ranks around the Queen, been brought closer together and can now see where allegiances lie.” Meghan and Harry returned to the UK in June and reunited with the Royal Family over the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. A YouGov survey in July revealed that Meghan’s popularity has fallen from -39 to -42. Just 23 percent of the public hold a positive outlook on the Duchess and nearly two-thirds, 63 percent, have a negative view.