Scarlette Douglas' final instalment of A Place in the Sun aired on Wednesday afternoon after seven years of presenting the show. During the episode, her guest Hazel was hoping to find the perfect holiday home along Malaga's cost within her £250,000 budget. She brought her best friend Paula along for support and the women were lost for words after viewing one particular Spanish house before airing their disappointment at the penultimate offering. The first property Scarlette picked out was a three-bedroom semi-detached house for £290,000 which impressed Hazel as she looked at it from the outside, but she was expecting the inside "to be a little more open". However, as she continued to explore the home she was amazed at how much storage the property had and the size of the bedrooms. Scarlette then took Hazel to Caleta De Velez where she had selected a second property which was a four-bedroom townhouse with a south-facing suntrap. When Hazel stepped inside she felt the house was "a bit enclosed" due to its low ceiling, but her pal thought the property felt cosy. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets Luckily, she was dazzled by the £265,000-home's sunny terrace and communal pool which Hazel described as "absolutely gorgeous". Scarlette wanted to take Hazel further from the coast where a more spacious property would be within her budget. The third property included five bedrooms, two bathrooms, a balcony with panoramic views and a communal pool. It was priced at £286,500. It "ticked" all of Paula's boxes, and Hazel quickly warmed to the airy house which boasted incredible sea views.  As the women stepped downstairs to the living area Hazel gasped: "I'm speechless, which doesn't happen very often, does it?" Following a viewing around the house, Scarlette said: "That has got to be the biggest smile I have seen on your face so far." Hazel said she adored the size of the home and thought "almost everything was pretty perfect", and Paula strongly agreed. The next option was a three-bedroom detached house with a private pool but Hazel did not think there was anything particularly special about it. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun's Scarlette Douglas shares reason behind show exit [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Scarlette Douglas quits channel 4 show  [UPDATE]A Place in the Sun’s Scarlette on horror of being trapped in Spain [EXCLUSIVE] Hazel said: "The outside kitchen was to die for but inside feels too much like any other house on a housing estate." Scarlette was left disappointed when Hazel added: "At the moment, it's not working at all." The final house, priced at £280,000, had three bedrooms, a basement, a spacious garden and a private pool. Hazel thought Scarlette had "done very well" and gave her a 10 out of 10 which left her with a difficult decision to make the following day.  Hazel was stuck between the third and final property but eventually decided to put in an offer on property three as she loved the views and spaciousness of it. It was on the market for £286,500 but Hazel offered £260,000 as she wanted to make the driveway larger. The offer was declined so Hazel put in a counter offer of £270,000 before finally striking a deal with the owner to buy the house for £271,000. A Place in the Sun airs on weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4. 