Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag's make-or-break decisions against Liverpool on Monday paid off, helping him earn his first victory as manager at Old Trafford. On Saturday, he must decide whether to stick to his guns or shuffle his pack again. The Red Devils travel to Southampton looking to halt a torrid run of seven successive away defeats, most recently falling 4-0 at Brentford. After the 2-1 triumph over Liverpool earlier this week, Ten Hag's side will be brimming with confidence at St. Mary's. Express Sport runs through how the Dutchman could set his side out on the south coast, including four big calls. David de Gea put on an improved showing against Liverpool, producing some important saves to keep the dangerous visitors at bay. He is still comfortably Ten Hag's first-choice No 1 as United continue to scour the summer transfer market for competition before the deadline. The Spaniard's costly errors at Brentford paved the way for the route to come, so it's crucial he avoids a slip in concentration against Southampton. A team's confidence starts with their goalkeeper. JUST IN: Arsenal backed to win Premier League title because of two players After Ten Hag made the eye-catching decision to drop captain Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw last time out, United's defence responded to his faith and thrived. Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia particularly impressed - the former silencing his early critics and the latter dealing admirably with Liverpool's lethal right side. Diogo Dalot and Raphael Varane also produced one of their best displays in a United shirt and would warrant keeping their places. For that reason, Ten Hag will likely keep Maguire and Shaw on the bench and roll with an unchanged back four. READ MORE: Liverpool's Klopp working 'constantly' as door left open for transfers All eyes will be on one man at 12:30pm on Saturday - United's fourth summer signing, Casemiro. Ten Hag has confirmed he's available for selection after training with his squad this week, and it'd be a surprise if he didn't look to integrate the five-time Champions League winner into his side instantly. Expect Casemiro to replace Scott McTominay at the foot of Ten Hag's midfield, with Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes acting as creators in front of him. The biggest call United's manager could've made against Liverpool was to leave Cristiano Ronaldo out of the starting line-up. His decision to do so was one thing, but leaving him out for Anthony Elanga, rather than the returning Anthony Martial, made even more of a statement. With uncertainty still surrounding the 37-year-old's future, he may have to settle for a place on the bench again at Southampton. Elanga would've been expected to join Ronaldo hadn't Ten Hag ruled Martial out of the trip through injury. But the Swedish youngster, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford all delivered against Liverpool and could maintain their starting spots because of it. Expected Chelsea XI in full: De Gea, Dalot, Varane, Martinez, Malacia, Casemiro, Fernandes, Eriksen, Sancho, Elanga, Rashford Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here