Manchester United have reportedly decided that they won’t sign both Antony and Cody Gakpo in the final days of the transfer window. The Red Devils are in desperate need of reinforcements after starting the new Premier League campaign with back-to-back defeats. According to The Telegraph, United are pursuing Gakpo in parallel with Antony but are only likely to sign one of the two attackers this summer as they are not believed to have the budget to acquire both. The 13-time Premier League champions are currently weighing up whether they should increase their offer for Antony after Ajax rejected a £68million bid for the 22-year-old. Antony trained on his own last week and was left out of the Ajax team that defeated Sparta Rotterdam 1-0 on Sunday. But the Eredivisie champions are adamant that they won’t sell the Brazil international unless United increase their offer. A move for Gakpo would save United tens of millions of pounds as PSV only want £38.2m including add-ons for the 23-year-old. But United, who are waiting to see whether PSV reach the group stages of the Champions League, are hopeful that a bid of £34m could get the deal over the line. JUST IN: Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism PSV are set to take on Rangers in the second leg of their play-off decider in the Netherlands on Wednesday after drawing the first game 2-2 at Ibrox. And if the Scottish giants dump PSV out of the competition, United could find it easier to get their hands on Gakpo. Both Antony and Gakpo illustrated their prodigious talents in the Dutch league last season, with Ajax beating PSV to the title by two points. Brazil international Antony bagged 12 goals and 10 assists in 33 appearances for his club, while Netherlands star Gakpo racked up 21 strikes and 15 assists in 47 matches. DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesArsenal make Neto their 'priority' after lengthy Mendes talksFive players Arsenal could sign before deadline after Arteta admission  United will be under pressure to complete their summer transfer activity, with the window set to shut at the start of next month. The north west giants have already prised Lisandro Martinez away from Ajax, while also signing Casemiro from Real Madrid and Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord as well as Christian Eriksen, who was a free agent. But they have started their campaign in dismal form after going down to a 2-1 defeat at home to Brighton before being thrashed 4-0 at Brentford. And Ten Hag will be well aware that his team need to improve drastically if they are to have any aspirations of securing a top-four finish this season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 