Emmanuel Macron came under fire from a singer who lambasted the French President on stage while giving a concert. In an unexpected fit of rage, the French-American electronic musician Marc Rebillet came at the French President at a festival held in north-eastern France, with the public joining in. As he was playing music on stage, Mr Rebillet started screaming: “Macron, motherf*****!” Footage shows the bare-chested musician on stage and shouting repeatedly: "Macron, motherf*****!" The audience joined him in his tantrum, repeating the insult. As the artist starts playing music again, an audience member can then be heard, shouting: "Macron, c*******er!" In another fit of rage, Mr Rebillet insulted the French President, shouting: "Motherf*****, go away! Macron, go away!" "Go away, Macron! You need to leave!" the singer screamed, before repeating: "Go away!" The festival director tried to calm the uncontrollable artist by cutting off his microphone and asking him for a refund "for taking the festival hostage". The festival director accused the singer of having "taken the festival hostage to go viral, serving only his own interests, knowing full well that it is covered by freedom of expression." Mr Rebillet pushed back against the claims. He took to Instagram, slashing: "The festival (organisers) are very unhappy, they cut my sound or at least tried to do so. Then the president of the festival spilt an entire glass on my promoter in the middle of my set. And now they want their money back for this show that I finished. It's crazy." After making an official trip to Algeria, Emmanuel Macron was reportedly spotted watching the concert after the singer suddenly came at him. READ MORE: Macron’s energy nightmare deepens as nuclear output plummets: ‘Prep... Mr Rebillet had already insulted the French President, calling for his resignation during the Yellow Vest protests in 2018. Emmanuel Macron has been under scrutiny in recent days over a list of documents seized by the FBI from former US President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate. One document was revealed to be entitled: "info re: President of France." President Macron’s private life has been a subject of intense interest to Mr Trump for years, Rolling Stone reported, citing two unnamed sources familiar with the matter. DON'T MISS:Boris’s Brexit was all smoke and mirrors, says ARLENE FOSTER [COMMENT] Ex-NATO chief 'flabbergasted' by Liz Truss’ 'childish' Macron comment [REPORT] Macron's plan to turn Britain into ‘satellite of Brussels’ slammed [INSIGHT]  Both during and after his tenure as President, the report claimed, Mr Trump bragged to close associates that he knew illicit details about the French President’s sex life. It remains unclear if the document contains details about Mr Macron’s private proclivities. The magazine said the "mere revelation of [the document’s] existence triggered a trans-Atlantic freakout." "We won’t comment on the judicial proceedings in a foreign country — in this case the United States," said an Elysée official. READ NEXT:Macron shamed as French energy giant fuels Putin’s war planesHave Your Say: Is Emmanuel Macron a friend of Britain?Piers Morgan slams Liz Truss' 'stupefyingly crass' Macron commentsMacron braces as French inflation sees product prices soar Frexit member slams MEPs over claim UK broke Brexit deal