Tonight, Pierce Brosnan once again dons his slick tuxedo and grabs a Martini, as he stars as British secret agent James Bond in The World is Not Enough. His third outing as the infamous spy puts him in a stellar cast, including the likes of Robert Carlyle and Sophie Marceau, in the 2002 thriller, which airs from 8pm on ITV. It follows the story of Bond on the hunt after oil magnate Sir Robert King is killed in a booby trap, leading the spy to become a bodyguard to the businessman's daughter, Elektra. Despite its commercial success, many critics were unhappy with the flick, with reviews aggregator Rotten Tomatoes giving it a 52 percent positive rating, the worst among Brosnan's outings as Bond. But celebrated critic Roger Ebert, of the Chicago Sun-Times, was more positive, hailing it a "splendid comic thriller, exciting and graceful, endlessly inventive", and gave it three-and-a-half stars out of four. While Brosnan's career has remained one of high quality, including outings in films such as Mamma Mia! and Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again!, his life away from the camera has often been fraught with difficulty. This included when he was faced with the devastation of losing his first wife, Australian actress Cassandra Harris, who he met shortly after leaving drama school. According to the Cigar Aficionado in 2008, Brosnan recalled how he thought "what a beautiful looking woman" upon their first meeting. He said: "I never for an instant thought she was someone I'd spend 17 years of my life with. I didn't think of wooing her, or attempting to woo her; I just wanted to enjoy her beauty and who she was." The couple went on to buy a property together in Wimbledon before marrying in 1980 and having a son together, Sean. Brosnan also helped support Harris' other children, Charlotte and Chris, who the actor adopted after their biological father Dermot died in 1986. JUST IN: James Bond: Daniel Craig received advice from Pierce Brosnan By 1987, however, Harris became seriously ill while filming The Deceivers in Rajasthan, eventually being diagnosed with ovarian cancer. She sadly passed away on December 28, 1991, aged just 43. Reflecting on how difficult the struggle was for himself, and his young family, Brosnan recalled how "life changes" when "your partner gets cancer." He said: "Your timetable and reference for your normal routines and the way you view life, all this changes. Because you're dealing with death. You're dealing with the possibility of death and dying. DON'T MISS:James Bond fans lashed out at glaring 007 changes [INSIGHT]Pierce Brosnan declared which James Bond he was 'in awe of' [LATEST]Pierce Brosnan fled to Papua New Guinea after James Bond fame [ANALYSIS] "And it was that way through the chemotherapy, through the first-look operation, the second look, the third look, the fourth look, the fifth look. "Cassie was very positive about life. I mean, she had the most amazing energy and outlook on life." He added: "It was and is a terrible loss, and I see it reflected, from time to time, in my children." Among the many wishes Harris had for Brosnan was for him to fill the iconic Bond role, and four years after her death, the Northern Irishman managed to make it a reality. Some 22 years after his first wife's death, Brosnan was given a second dose of despair, when his daughter Charlotte passed away with the same illness as her mother. In a heartbreaking statement to People confirming her death, Brosnan said his "darling daughter passed on to eternal life, having succumbed to ovarian cancer". He added: "“She was surrounded by her husband Alex, children Isabella and Lucas and brothers Christopher and Sean.” "Charlotte fought her cancer with grace and humanity, courage and dignity. "Our hearts are heavy with the loss of our beautiful dear girl. We pray for her and that the cure for this wretched disease will be close at hand soon. "We thank everyone for their heartfelt condolences." The World is Not Enough airs on ITV from 8pm tonight.