The package of measures approved by the Spanish Government a week ago, which the regions presided over by the People's Party has asked to withdraw, is going to end up in the Constitutional Court in a manoeuvre led by the president of the Community of Madrid, Isabel Díaz Ayuso. The shock plan will not come into force all at once. It will do so in stages with the aim of complying with the demands set by the European Commission, which has urged Spain to reduce gas consumption by seven percent - in other EU countries, it is 15 percent - as a shield against a possible cut in Russian gas. In this package, there are two measures that came into force on Wednesday, August 10. Temperature-related measures, both for air conditioning and heating, as well as turning off the lights at night in shop windows and public buildings, provided they are unoccupied, have already been enforced. Other measures, such as closing doors to avoid inefficient energy use, will be rolled out from September. The royal decree establishes that the air temperature in enclosures should not exceed 19 degrees, in the case of heating; nor less than 27 degrees, in the case of air conditioning. In addition, the text approved a week ago by the Executive establishes exceptions, because not all commercial or catering establishments have the same characteristics. The president of the PP, Alberto Núñez Feijóo, said last weekend that the savings plan "proposes the same temperatures for a frozen food shop as for a bookshop, to set the same temperatures for a fruit shop as for a clothes shop is simply improvisation". This is not the case. Health centres and hospitals, training centres - such as schools, universities and nurseries - hairdressing salons, gyms, airplanes and trains are exempt. So are hotel rooms, which are considered private spaces. On the other hand, common areas in hotels, bus, metro or train stations, theatres, cinemas, shops or exhibition halls do have to comply, although with flexibility. The third vice-president and minister for Ecological Transition has indicated on several occasions in recent days that there will be flexibility, especially for small establishments and companies. "Large companies have the capacity to start up immediately," she said on Tuesday in an interview on Cadena SER. The same is not true, she said, for "a small bookshop" which "may have difficulties, or a food shop". In addition, the temperature thresholds - 19 and 27 degrees - must already comply with another royal decree, 486/1997, which established minimum health and safety provisions in workplaces. This legislation was passed during the PP government presided over by José María Aznar and with Javier Arenas as Minister of Labour and Social Affairs. READ MORE: Russia EXODUS: Economy crisis over 170,000 vital missing workers  This decree already established that "the temperature of premises where sedentary work is carried out in offices or similar premises shall be between 17 and 27 degrees" and that "the temperature of premises where light work is carried out shall be between 14 and 25 degrees". Draconian measures could also come into force in the UK with organised blackouts. According to Bloomberg News, the UK is making plans for organised blackouts for industry and households over winter when cold weather may coincide with gas shortages. Electricity capacity shortfall could total about a sixth of peak demand, according to the government's latest "reasonable worst-case scenario," even after emergency coal plants have been put to use, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the government's planning. Under that outlook, coupled with below-average temperatures and reduced electricity imports from Norway and France, Britain could be exposed to four days in January when it may need to trigger emergency measures to conserve gas, the report said. DON'T MISS:War with Russia will be over when Putin leaves Crimea, says Zelensky [INSIGHT]Russian airbase in Crimea suffers 'extensive damage' [VIDEO]Australia pulls back over Chinese ambassador’s ‘concerning’ language [ANALYSIS] The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Bloomberg report comes after the Bank of England warned last week that Britain was on course for a long recession as unprecedented energy prices push inflation towards 13 percent, but any political response has been hampered by the race to select a new prime minister on September 5. While European governments seek to conserve gas usage and increase storage following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Britain's government has split into warring camps led by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak who, competing to be the next prime minister, have clashed over how to respond. Charities, business groups and politicians have called on Ms Truss and Mr Sunak to set out how they would help Britons cope with a forecast 82 percent rise in energy prices in October. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega