He has vowed not to let “political correctness stand in the way of tackling this absolutely horrific crime”. The investigation of these outrages undoubtedly requires the utmost sensitivity and police forces should always be alert to the risks of inflaming community divisions. But it is a gross abandonment of duty to ignore the exploitation and rape of some of the country’s most vulnerable children. It is certain that right-thinking people from every ethnic and religious background will want vile predators locked up. They will expect the police and people in all branches of the public services to refuse to turn a blind eye to any warning signs that grooming is underway. It is distressing to see evidence that in recent decades opportunities were repeatedly missed to rescue the innocent and prosecute the guilty. Whoever wins the Tory leadership election should ensure that the sobering lessons from this litany of failures are learned and never forgotten. Sexual predators must never have reason to believe they can stalk this country with impunity, and it is intolerable that so many survivors of such abuse have not seen the criminals responsible jailed. Our justice system needs both resources and confidence to fight this evil. There should be no no-go areas for those tasked with taking the members of grooming gangs off our streets. ----------------------------- Mourning for Archie With the death of 12-year-old Archie Battersbee yesterday, a wave of sadness swept across the nation. His parents have won not just sympathy but respect for the tenacity with which they fought for what they believed was best for their son. The sorrow and shock at finding a child locked in a coma could crush a parent, but they were thrust into the international spotlight and with phenomenal energy they made legal bid to the Court of Appeal and European Court of Human Rights. Cases such as Archie’s raise deep questions about ethics and rights and will continue to occur. The NHS should look at the potential for bringing in independent, third-party mediatorsso that such issues of profound importance can be worked through and distressing legal battles can be avoided. Most healthcare professionals want nothing more than to protect the best interests of those in their care. They want to save lives and ease suffering. A way should be found to avoid casting doctors and parents as adversaries while ensuring that the welfare of the patient is always absolutely paramount. We hope Archie’s family now find the space they need to mourn the boy they loved so powerfully.