Earlier this month, Stallone shared his fury at not being assigned any of the rights to the Rocky movies by producer Irwin Winkler, who he labelled as “remarkably untalented and parasitical”. He stated in a now-deleted post: “I really would like have at least a little WHAT’s LEFT of my RIGHTS back – I believe That would be a FAIR gesture from this 93 year old gentleman.” Instead, the rights now go to his sons, Rocky Balboa producers Charles and David Winkler, with Stallone adding: “This is a painful subject That eats at my soul, because I wanted to leave something of Rocky for my children.” Following news this week that Rocky spin-off Drago was in the works, Stallone once again didn’t hold back on Instagram, this timing taking a punch at his Rocky IV nemesis Dolph Lundgren, who co-starred with him again in Creed II. The 76-year-old Rambo star said: “Another Heartbreaker… Just found this out…ONCE AGAIN , IRWIN WINKLER , this PATHETIC 94 year old PRODUCER and HIS MORONIC VULTURE CHILDREN, Charles And David , are once again picking clean THE BONES of another wonderful character I created without even telling me … I APOLOGIZE to the FANS , I never wanted ROCKY characters to be exploited by these parasites… By the way, I once had nothing but respect for Dolph but he NEVER told me about what was going on behind my back with the character I created for him !!! REAL FRIENDS Are more precious than gold.” In a follow-up post with graphics of Winkler as a vampire sucking blood out of Rocky and stabbing him in the back with his sons for green-lighting Drago, Stallone ranted: “After IRWIN WINKLER And FAMILY SUCK ROCKY DRY ! Presumed to be the most hated , untalented , decrepited , Producer in Hollywood and his cowardly children have found their next meal… Drago ? Throughout history so many artists in every industry ,recording , painting writing , you name it have been destroyed by these blood suckers Who have destroyed so many families , lining their pockets with other people work.. #parasite producers #exploited artists victims.” But now Lundgren himself has responded and is making an effort to cool the situation down. READ MORE: Arnold Schwarzenegger dodged attack from Sylvester Stallone in feud Lundgren posted on Instagram: “Just to set the record straight regarding a possible Drago spinoff. There’s no approved script, no deals in place, no director and I was personally under the impression that my friend Sly Stallone was involved as a producer or even as an actor. There was a press leak last week which was unfortunate. In touch with Mr Balboa - just so all the fans can relax…There ya go.” Hopefully, the situation can be sorted swiftly with everybody being able to be involved in some capacity. DON'T MISSCreed 2 SHOCK: Sylvester Stallone says he’s DONE with Rocky [STALLONE]How Sylvester Stallone went from homeless actor to multimillionaire [STALLONE]Sylvester Stallone workout: How film star keeps fit at 75 [STALLONE] According to The Wrap, the Drago spin-off will focus on Lundgren’s Ivan Drago training his son Viktor Drago (Florian Munteanu) after the two starred in Creed II. Meanwhile, Creed III is set for release on March 3, 2023, with Michael B Jordan starring and directing. This time the antagonist will be played by Marvel’s Jonathan Majors, while Stallone is not expected to feature as Rocky this time around.