Reports in Spain suggest Barcelona boss Xavi has been told all of his new signings will be registered in time this weekend - squashing any potential transfer openings for the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea. The Catalan giants have walked right back into further financial difficulty following a busy summer of excessive spending which has created extra pressure on the board to find room within Xavi's squad in correspondence with La Liga's salary regulations. On Wednesday afternoon, reports emerged detailing that Barca new boys Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie could be heading for the exit door without making their official debuts with the club currently struggling to register them in time for the 2022/23 season. However, SPORT are now reporting that Xavi has been told that all of his new arrivals will be ready to go in time for the new campaign in a major boost for the club. Barcelona have had to somehow find room within their roster by agreeing salary reductions with a whole host of their current stars. Frenkie de Jong has been reluctant to comply with the Dutchman still owed unpaid wages from last season. Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag The Red Devils have spent the best part of 13 weeks working on a deal for De Jong but to no avail with Chelsea now the favourites for the Dutch maestro. Chelsea, who are still looking for a new central defender to replace Christensen, may also have been handed the chance to sensationally re-sign the Dane on a free transfer just months after he left Stamford Bridge. Now both players are on course to remain at Camp Nou where they will seek to help Barcelona return to their former glories. Barcelona are set to apply the 'fourth lever' and there is confidence Kessie, Christensen, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Robert Lewandowski, Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto will all remain at Camp Nou. READ MOREMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Chelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham deal The aim is that they can all be involved on Saturday when Barcelona host Rayo Vallecano in their La Liga opener. Toni Roca, CEO of the Sports Law Institute, does believe Barcelona may struggle to prove illegal irregularities with previous contract extensions. It's an avenue Barcelona are keen to explore in order to ease some of the financial pressure on their shoulders. The club have legal experts looking into the extensions of De Jong, Marc-Andre ter Stegen, Gerard Pique and Clement Lenglet that were signed off back in 2020. "Barca are playing on the edge, but it's still a negotiation," he said. "The players have not committed any crime, because they were only asked to help the club at a critical time with a salary reduction that led to the logical demand for some kind of compensation in return, either in the form of more years or in the form of improved wages later on. "It is complicated for FC Barcelona to take this case to court, as the process would take years and by the time everything is settled, the players may no longer be part of the club. "I don't think we are dealing with a crime of extortion, but rather with a simple neg