Manchester United have reportedly enquired about signing Bayern Munich winger Leroy Sane. And two factors are supposedly behind their interest in deal for the former Manchester City forward. Erik ten Hag is eager to add to his squad before the summer transfer window slams shut on September 1, especially given how light they are up top. Manchester United are currently short on firepower, with Edinson Cavani leaving to pursue a new challenge and Mason Greenwood still unavailable. Cristiano Ronaldo still wants to leave the Red Devils, too, meaning Erik ten Hag has just Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial as established attackers to call upon. And, according to The Mirror, Sane is now a player under consideration. It’s claimed United have made a surprise enquiry about the Germany international, who has struggled for Bayern since joining from Manchester City back in the summer transfer window of 2020. The 26-year-old started just 22 Bundesliga games for Bayern last term. And with Sadio Mane recently arriving at the Allianz Arena from Liverpool, Sane faces even more of a fight to get into Julian Nagelsmann’s starting XI. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United have been eyeing Ajax winger Antony but the Eredivisie giants are reluctant to let the Brazil international go, particularly after losing  Lisandro Martinez, Noussair Mazraoui, Ryan Gravenberch and Sebastien Haller  already. Two factors are also behind their interest, the publication claims. United feel Sane would need little time to acclimatise to life back in the Premier League, given he’s previously played in England with City. And they also think his experience as a serial winner could be key, too, with Sane winning two league titles each at Bayern and City throughout his career. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is also an admirer of the Germany international. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join But United’s need is arguably greater and the Reds, it seems, are content with the transfer business they’ve already done this summer. Sane could become the next player to play for both the Red Devils and City, following in the footsteps of some iconic figures. Denis Law relegated United when playing for City, having previously won the 1968 Champions League title playing at Old Trafford. Brian Kidd, Terry Cooke and Billy Meredith all turned out for the two rivals during their playing days, too. Peter Schmeichel and Andy Cole both had stints at City, despite winning every major trophy during their spells at United. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Carlos Tevez and Owen Hargreaves swapped the red side of Manchester for the blue corner in 2009 and 2011 respectively. Speaking at the end of last month, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted more signings were vital in order for United to improve on last season’s dire showings. “We sign Eriksen for the midfield department,” the United boss said. “We are really happy with that. “Yes, I am really happy with the performance from our midfield and offence department in this moment. “But I also know this season – we talk about it in Bangkok and Melbourne as well – is a lot of games, the World Cup, so we need more options where you have a good team. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “And it’s not only about the team, you need a good squad to get the right results at the end of the season. “So we have to strengthen the squad even more and we are looking around, but also we need the right players.” And he added: “That is a reason but also the number of games, so you need more options in offence. Clear. “I think it’s vital if you want to get success. "The season is really long but we still also have time to fill that in.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here