Arsenal are set to be without midfielder Mohamed Elneny for a lengthy period after he suffered a significant injury in Saturday's win over Fulham. The Gunners could now prioritise the signing of a midfielder before the end of the transfer window on Thursday. Elneny came into the Arsenal side on Saturday following a thigh injury picked up by Thomas Partey in training. The Egyptian played the entire 90 minutes as Mikel Arteta's side came from behind to win 2-1. However, The Athletic claims Elneny suffered an injury during the game which did not become apparent until late that evening. PA report it is a hamstring issue for 30-year-old and the club and player are still waiting for the full extent of the damage, but it is expected he will have a chunky spell out of the team. Arsenal were prioritising the signing of a winger before the window shuts on Thursday evening. Wolves star Pedro Neto was their top target, though that deal seemed unrealistic due to the Molineux side's asking price. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical  However, they are unlikely to be able to afford two signings and are set to turn their attention to bringing in a midfielder. Partey has struggled with injuries ever since moving to the Premier League in 2020. Elneny is the recognised back-up to Partey and his absence is a huge blow to Arteta. Albert Sambi Lokonga is a younger option but fell out of favour last season, with Elneny preferred to the Belgian. Arsenal have been linked with a move for Leicester star Youri Tielemans throughout the summer. Tielemans has entered the final year of his contract at the King Power Stadium and could be available in a cut-price deal.  However, he would not be a straight replacement for Elneny or Partey as a No 6. Arsenal have flourished with a deeper-lying No 6 and Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard as two No 8s in a 4-3-3 formation. Arteta will not want to disrupt his system which has seen the Gunners win their first four matches of the season. However, the visit of Aston Villa on Wednesday will come too early for any possible new signing the north Londoners make. Arsenal visit Manchester United this Sunday in their toughest test of the season so far. Elneny and Partey have started the last two trips to Old Trafford but Arsenal look set to be without both of them this weekend. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here 