Gardeners' World viewers are delighted each week as they are given a front-row seat into Monty Don's garden at his Herefordshire home on the BBC show. The horticulturist, 67, often gives updates on his beloved gardens on social media. The presenter recently took to the picture-sharing site and revealed his cannas and banana plant have been suffering in the "drought". His admission comes just days before the Met Office issued an alert for southern and central England and parts of Wales with temperatures forecast to hit 37C (99F) in some parts of the UK over the next four days. It has also issued its highest alert for fire severity over the weekend, warning there is an "exceptional" risk of blazes spreading in many places. The heatwave will likely affect health, transport and working conditions. READ MORE: Rachel Riley wins libel case as Corbyn's former aide loses appeal While the record-breaking temperatures seen in July, when the mercury topped 40C (104F) for the first time, are not expected this week, it has caused a slight problem for Monty's gardens. Taking to Instagram on August 5, he penned: "Cannas and banana ( ensete maurelii) in the Jewel garden- suffering somewhat in the drought." He accompanied the post with a picture of the plants basking in the sunlight. Social media users reacted to his message, as Karen Blower wrote: "Still look beautiful in that light."  Saviriti Yvette commented: "Into our lives a little rain must fall…sooner rather than later [fingers crossed emoji]." Denise Myles penned: "My garden is in ruins no rain for eight weeks and none forecast for the next two weeks." Jane Medcalf remarked: "Oh the evening sun through those leaves, beautiful." Simmons Deborah added: "The canvas seems to be doing especially well this year." DON'T MISS... 'Thought you were naked!' Carol Vorderman, 61, in VERY low cut bikini[LATEST]Maisie Smith dances as she hits back at trolls over ‘thunder thighs’[VIDEO]Aled Jones’ daughter Emilia ignores his advice despite ‘sacrifice’[ADMISSION] Elsewhere, Monty was recently inundated with messages after the gardening expert shared a heartwarming photo with his granddaughter Daisy. The horticulturist joked his bundle of joy had been left momentarily "bemused" while being cuddled by a "strange man". Taking to Twitter on August 7, the BBC favourite shared an adorable photo of Daisy, who was born in May. Monty sweetly held his granddaughter close to his chest as he rested his head on top of the little one's sun hat. The gardening expert, who boasts 270,000 followers, was inundated with messages after he racked up over 57,000 likes after sharing a rare family photo. He tweeted: "My granddaughter Daisy - slightly bemused by sun hat and being cuddled by strange man but strange man could not be happier." Earlier this year, Monty announced the joyous news with a post on Twitter that read: "Daisy Rose Don born today, a sister to George. A perfect way to end a beautiful May day." Gardeners' World airs tonight on BBC Two at 8pm.