BBC Irish comedy series Mrs Brown's Boys has been missing from viewers' screens for quite some time and is finally set to make a comeback. Foul-mouthed matriarch Agnes Brown (played by Brendan O'Carroll) will also be returning to the series giving viewers the laughs that they need. Maria Brown actress Fiona O'Carroll has recently opened up about the series return and will see a Christmas special. The return of the sitcom was meant to come in 2022, however, due to scheduling difficulties and restrictions due to the coronavirus pandemic, filming was delayed. Brendan O'Caroll's daughter Fiona has recently opened up RTE Guide and confirmed the show's comeback. "In October we'll be filming Mrs Brown's, [with] two Christmas specials and the first of a mini-series of four episodes, the other three early next year. "We have the live show in November at the SSE Arena in Belfast and 3Arena in Dublin. And we're planning more theatre dates for next year." READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry The show first began in 2011 and successfully ran for two years, attracting attention from around the world including viewers in Australia. Fiona touched on the issues that the cast and crew faced when trying to film the series before and told Ireland AM: "Well, you know what this industry is like. "There are lots of talks and until it is happening you will never really know. Yes, there is talk. "We were supposed to be doing a mini-series this year but, unfortunately, due to various different reasons, it didn't happen. "So, there is talk of it happening next year, a possible mini-series. It is not just down to us, it is down to studio time, it is down to the crew and it is down to the cast." One character that more than likely won't be returning to the show is Brendan's former co-star Gary Hollywood. Gary played Dino Doyle on the BBC sitcom from its debut in 2011 until 2020, having previously played the role in the stage production of it from 2004 onwards. Unfortunately, he quit the show before it came to an end after feeling he was being paid less than other cast members. DON'T MISS...Martin Clunes admits ITV wanted to keep Doc Martin  [WATCH]Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think  [LATEST]Meghan Markle's podcast savaged as expert claims popularity won't last [INSIGHT] Brendan told the Irish Mirror that Gary was a "great actor," and said: "We miss him. He used to call me 'father'. He was part of the family." He added: "We haven't spoken since [he quit] and haven't heard a word from him since." Before the announcement of Mrs Brown's Boys would be returning, Fiona had taken on a huge adventure away from the comedy series. She recently took to her Instagram and revealed to her followers: "I’ve been bursting to tell everyone for so long! I still can’t believe that I did it. "It was probably one of the hardest things I’ve ever experienced but wow!! Celebrity Special Forces Ultimate Hell Week…What an experience!! "And I cannot speak any higher about my fellow recruits. "Legends all of you and I’m so grateful to have had the opportunity to share it with all of you. Starts 7th Sep RTE1." Fiona will be joined on the line-up with social media star Tadhg Fleming, Former Fair City star Johnny Ward, presenter Blathnaid Treacy and many more familiar faces. Mrs Browns Boys series 1-3 are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.