 Fans are eagerly awaiting the return of Paramount Network’s military drama SEAL Team after it ended on a jaw-dropping cliffhanger. Ahead of its release fans noticed an interesting plot hole which saw different characters randomly disappearing from screens.    The series followed a group of elite Navy SEALS who were tasked with taking on dangerous and life-threatening missions. They often had to drop their plans at a moment's notice and prepare to be deployed to a different country. Jason Hayes (played by David Boreanaz) led the Bravo team as Master Chief Special Warfare Operator. Although he was highly respected by the team and admired by those of higher rank than him, fans exposed a pattern surrounding the people around him. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist   Taking to a SEAL Team fan page, the Redditor wrote: “I just started s5ep3 and been noticing this trend. “First the EOD guy Kairos, then 30 mike then the psychiatrist Conners, Lindell, Adam’s wife (Victoria Seaver).” (sic) They continued: “Glen Mack, then the guy who was supposedly Hayes’ no1 rival… there are others I'm missing but it feels like they just stopped appearing on the show without mention or reason.” Quizzing other fans, the user WomabatHat42 added: “Did I miss a throwaway line explaining any of these people leaving for good or is it just a miss by the writers?”   Another fan heed101 answered: “Military personnel come & go all the time - it's part of the life.” Ok-Expert-4575 agreed: “It be like that in the military world.” Since SEAL Team first premiered in 2017, a number of characters have left the series. Fans could be prepared to bid adieu to the beloved Clay Spencer (Max Theriot) when the show returns for season six, DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [THEORY]SEAL Team’s AJ Buckley shares peek at new location [INSIGHT]SEAL Team's David Boreanaz sparks meltdown with season 6 tease [INSIGHT] His exit was first hinted in the season five finale after his wife had given birth to their first child. Ahead of their mission in Mali, Clay informed the team that the deployment would be his last and he was planning to transfer to Green Team. There he would not be deployed and would instead train those who were not yet members of DEVGRU. By taking a step back from the SEAL Team, he planned to spend more time with his small family.   However, a different type of departure may be on the cards for the character as the team were ambushed on their mission in Mali. As they were swarmed with rocket-propelled grenades, the screen turned to black which left the fate of the SEAL Team uncertain. Fans were convinced, that this meant Clay would bow out of the show as the actor Max landed a new role as the main character on CBS’ Cal Fire. While his fate is still unknown, season six will undoubtedly reveal which characters survived the shocking ambush. SEAL Team is available on Paramount Plus in the US and available on Sky Max in the UK   