Princess Anne is celebrating her 72nd birthday today. The Princess Royal is not always known for being a style icon, however she has had many iconic fashion moments across her seven decades as a Princess. Something royal fans may not know is that Anne has owned a pair of earrings since the 1960s and they are her longest-serving piece of jewellery.  Though she's frequently seen in her horse riding attire, Princess Anne knows how to glam things up. She's had some iconic jewellery moments over the years, including some show-stopping tiaras and eye-catching necklaces. Fine jewellery and engagement ring experts at UK retailer Steven Stone spoke to Express.co.uk about the Princess Royal's longest-serving piece of jewellery. The jewellery piece in question is Anne's Grima Pearl earrings. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton is set to become a Lady while Kate will be a Princess  Steven Stone found that Princess Anne has been wearing her Grima Pearl earrings since the 1960s. They were gifted to the Princess by the Queen and Prince Phillip. Therefore, the earrings have huge sentimental value. The Princess Royal most notably wore them on her first royal tour.  She also wore them in a poignant way to Prince Phillip's funeral in 2021. They certainly have a strong sentimental link to Anne's late father. The earrings were designed by Andrew Grima, and constitute gold, pearl and diamonds in a modern leaf design. Steven Stone experts estimate the retail price for a pair of earrings like Princess Anne’s to be at the top end of £3,000. READ MORE: Sussexes' made global history at wedding - more popular than Diana Jewellery expert Zack Stone told Express.co.uk: “Designed by Andrew Grima, Princess Anne’s Grima Pearl Earrings constitute gold, pearl, and diamonds in a modern leaf design. "Gifted to her by the Queen and Prince Philip in the late 1960s, the earrings are one of Princess Anne’s longest-serving pieces of jewellery and have huge sentimental value." When are all the times Anne has worn these earrings? Mr Stone explained: "Worn frequently at public appearances, the Princess most notably wore them on her first royal tour as an adult, in Australia when she was with her mother at just 19 years old, to her wedding to Timothy Laurence in 1992 and to Prince Phillip’s funeral in 2021."  How much would these earrings sell for? Mr Stone suggested: "The retail price for a pair of earrings like Princess Anne’s would be at the top end of £3,000.” Another impressive jewellery piece worn by Princess Anne included Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara which she wore at her first wedding in 1973. This tiara has also been worn by the Queen and Princess Anne at their weddings.