Danny Miller may have quit his role as fan-favourite Aaron Dingle in Emmerdale last year, however, with news the star will be reprising his role for the ITV soap’s 50th anniversary there has been much interest in the actor. Miller was a mainstay on Emmerdale between 2008 and 2021 with his character having quite a rollercoaster ride on the soap including his romance with Robert Sugden (Ryan Hawley) and his traumatic historic sexual abuse storyline. While Aaron may have had a tough romantic life in the village, actor Danny’s life is a million miles away from his alter-ego. Danny, 31, married girlfriend Steph Jones with the couple tying the knot at Nunsmere Hall Hotel in Tarporley, Cheshire recently. The couple exchanged vows at a star-studded event this year while their nine-month-old son Albert looked on. Steph, 30, is a midwife and was Danny’s childhood sweetheart, previously revealing she’d wanted to marry the soap since she was in “year eight”. The pair first met in primary school and had a romance on and off into their teen years but ended up drifting apart after secondary school. READ MORE: Zoe Henry age: How old is Emmerdale’s Rhona Goskirk star? Danny previously told ITV’s Loose Women how the couple got together when they were youngsters. He said: “I was already at the primary school and Steph came into primary school after about a year that I had been there. “It was just... you know, any new kid coming into school when you're that age is really kind of exciting, but then when Steph stepped in... I just kind of got on with her straight away and fancied her straight away.” They only reconnected three years ago when Danny contacted Steph over Instagram with the pair becoming an item again.  The couple got engaged in 2019 during a trip to St Lucia with Danny celebrating his 30th birthday. Both Danny and Steph have posted about their relationship on social media including sharing images from their wedding day as well as giving fans an insight into their family life. Steph shared a post with her 67,000 followers from their big day with the couple and their son Albert, captioning the image simply: “The Millers.” She also shared a video montage from the ceremony and walking down the aisle, saying: “Best day ever.” Most recently, Danny posted a sweet snap to his 714,000 Instagram followers, showing him holding baby Albert and captioned the picture: “Cherish every moment.” Prior to welcoming their son Albert in 2021, Danny had spoken about the couple’s struggle to conceive and began the IVF process. However, they soon found out they had fallen pregnant naturally with Albert arriving in October last year. After giving birth, Steph candidly posted online: “I was lucky enough to find someone who shines bright enough to lead me out of the dark, but I never imagined to be led to the brightest place imaginable, my baby. DON'T MISS...Roxy Shahidi children: Does Emmerdale’s Leyla Harding star have kids? [EXPLAINER]Katherine Dow Blyton age: How old is Emmerdale's Harriet Finch star? [INSIGHT]Jeff Hordley wife: Is Emmerdale's Cain Dingle star married? [ANALYSIS] “I never realised the happiness a child brings you. Thank you @danny_b_miller for showing me true happiness and being the best support imaginable.” More recently, Steph showed her support for Danny’s Emmedale return, sharing a photo from ITV’s Lorraine as the new of Danny’s involvement in the 50th anniversary and captioned the picture: “Go on.” Steph also supported Danny during his stint in the Jungle last year when he took part on reality series I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! where he was crowned the winner. Danny even shared a short video on Twitter confirming his comeback as he drank at the Woolpack, writing: “"Guess who’s back.. back AGAIN! News is out I’ve come back to celebrate the 50th year of @emmerdale @EmmerdalePress." Emmerdale replied saying: "Yes! Aaron is back." Emmerdale airs on ITV daily at 7.30pm