Ralph Hasenhuttl has allegedly lost the trust of his Southampton squad, with some players believed to be shocked that he is still their manager. Tensions are said to be growing behind the scenes at the club, and a change in the dugout could be the only way to resolve the toxic situation. According to the Mail, Hasenhuttl has become detached from his squad, though many players felt that there was a need for change prior to the start of the new season. Therefore, the decision to remain with the Austrian came as a ‘surprise’ to some stars. Southampton lost 10 of their final 13 games of last season, which led to some players heading to the hierarchy of the club to voice their concerns about the management of the club. However, the higher powers decided that an entire change of coaching staff, barring Hasenhuttl, was the best resolution – much to the disappointment of the squad. But despite there being significant unrest in the changing room, sources told the Mail that there remains ‘no appetite’ for a change of guard at the club. Though there is a feeling amongst others that replacing Hasenhuttl would reunite the team. The Saints were comfortably beaten 4-1 by Tottenham on the opening weekend of the season, in a display where Antonio Conte’s side hardly had to come out of first gear. The St Mary’s outfit took a surprise lead through an early goal from James Ward-Prowse, but Spurs soon gained a foothold in the match and equalised through Ryan Sessegnon. A neat header from Eric Dier, an own goal from Mohamed Salisu and a curler from Dejan Kulusevski ensured that Tottenham were victorious and laid down a marker for their ‘Big Six’ rivals. Though it was also a performance from Southampton that would have caught the eye of bottom-half sides.  The Saints looked off the pace for most of the match, and their lack of a focal point in the final third felt like a major issue that needs addressing by Hasenhuttl before the transfer window closes. Speaking after the defeat, the manager said: “We had a good start. We were brave, had good moments, scored a good goal. It felt a little bit like the opponents switched into the next gear and we couldn't follow after the first 20 minutes. “They're a strong side. They have strengthened their team. They have quality everywhere. It was frustrating to see how big the gap is, to be honest.”