Southern Water, South East Water and Welsh Water have imposed hosepipe bans covering around three million people. Brits in Hampshire, the Isle of Wight, Kent, Sussex and Pembrokeshire have been impacted by the decision. According to MailOnline, residents caught breaking the rules could face fines of up to £1,000 if they are taken to court. However, people have also taken to social media to complain about neighbours who have been caught flouting the restrictions. One user wrote: "First day of hosepipe ban in Hampshire. "First day neighbours watering their garden." JUST IN: 'Rationing is back!' Water and energy supplies in danger as people warned to 'cut back' The post was accompanied by a photo of an elderly neighbour using a hose to water her plants. Another user uploaded an image of a sprinkler with a caption which said: "The reason Mr Next Door still has a green lawn." More Brits are expected to be affected by hosepipe bans due to a combination of droughts and leaking pipes. England's Environment Agency is also understood to be keen for water companies to enforce further bans as many rivers are already on "red alert" amid concerns about their levels dropping. READ MORE: Britons demand compensation for hosepipe bans: ‘I’ll cut water usage if they cut my bill!’ Southern Water's guidance appears to suggest residents should confront those flouting the rules. It advised: "If you notice a neighbour, family or friend, in the affected areas, using water for the restricted activities please gently remind them of the restrictions in place and direct them to our website for more information." A spokesperson from Southern Water added: "If you see anyone repeatedly breaching the restrictions, please let us know via our customer service team. "A fine of up to £1,000 can be imposed for any breaches. DON'T MISSWe all must play our part in using water wisely, says KAREN GIBBS [COMMENT]Have your say: Would you report a neighbour breaking a hosepipe ban? [GET INVOLVED]Thames Water hosepipe ban 2022: Is there a hosepipe ban in London? [LATEST] "Our approach is one of education rather than enforcement. "We would like to thank all our customers for supporting these restrictions." Southern Water enforced "temporary usage" restrictions across Hampshire and the Isle of Wight from 5pm on Friday. Measures in Kent and Sussex will come into force on August 12.