Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has admitted he wants more signings, despite his side’s vital 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night. And the good news for the Dutchman is both Antony and Cody Gakpo are willing to move to Old Trafford. Whether the club have the budget to bring in both players, however, remains to be seen… Manchester United have signed four players so far this summer, with Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro all moving to Old Trafford. But Ten Hag wants more fresh faces as he looks to guide his side further up the Premier League table. According to Fabrizio Romano, Gakpo is keen to make the move to the Premier League at a time where United are pursuing his signature. The 23-year-old scored 12 goals and managed just as many assists in the Eredivisie last term, establishing himself as one of world football’s brightest prospects in the process. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd And Romano has said on Twitter: “Cody Gakpo would be prepared to accept Manchester United in case they will submit an official proposal to PSV Eindhoven in the next days. “Gakpo and his agents are waiting, up to the club - focus on Antony.” And Antony is keen to join United as well. The Ajax star previously played under Ten Hag over in Amsterdam and, under the 52-year-old, scored eight goals and clocked up four league assists last term. The Brazil international has been likened to Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar and is, like Gakpo, viewed as a huge talent for the future. Antony has gone on strike at Ajax in a bid to force a move to United, who have already had a massive £67.9million bid for the player turned down. He didn’t train with his team-mates on Friday, with manager Alfred Schreuder saying he ‘understands’ the 22-year-old’s stance. Schleuder said: "I want Antony to stay. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "I am assuming that the club will not sell him. The money that is being thrown around these days is crazy. But I would not find it okay if we sell another player. "We are in a powerful position, financially. Yes, my feeling is good. I understand Antony. But you play for Ajax. "We are playing Champions League football. I don't think Manchester United are playing Champions League football." Antony missed Ajax’s Eredivise clash with Sparta Rotterdam on Sunday. And he shared an image of himself and his agent watching United’s 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night, in yet another hint that he’s eager to join. Whether United have the budget to land both Gakpo and Antony remains to be seen, especially given their summer business so far. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But the Red Devils are also hoping to strengthen other areas of their squad before the transfer window shuts, too. United want a new goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, with the likes of Yann Sommer, Tim Krul, Kevin Trapp and Dan Bachmann all emerging as options. They’re also hunting a new right-back, too, at a time where Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams are free to leave. And United, despite their deal for Casemiro, would also love to secure the signing of Frenkie de Jong. De Jong is yet to determine his future, though it’s believed the 25-year-old’s preference would be to stay at Barcelona. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And it’ll be interesting to see if the Glazers give Ten Hag more transfer backing before the deadline, especially given their notorious reluctance to do that in the past. Speaking after United’s win over Liverpool on Monday night, Ten Hag opened up on plans for the rest of the window by saying: "You can never tell. "We said from the beginning we wanted to bring the right players in and not just any players. "I think now we have the right player [in new signing Casemiro], I'm sure of that. The window is not closed. You need numbers but not only numbers, you need quality. "I gave so much and I think when you bring it on the pitch you will get stronger, physically [and] mentally. If you bring it every three days you need numbers and quality numbers." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here