The famous radio DJ and TV personality has spent most of his life living and working in London and has remained in the same property with his family for 24 years. Having earned his iconic title as Neil “Doctor” Fox, the father-of-three enjoys a comfortable lifestyle in a popular West London Borough, where he lives with his wife, son, and two daughters. With an estimated net worth of $23million (around £19.5million), Mr Fox was born in Harrow, Greater London, but what does his new life in Fulham look like now? Despite being born in Harrow in 1961, Neil Fox spent most of his childhood in Thames Ditton, Surrey. The successful radio DJ started his career after graduating from Bath University, which he left to work at Radio Wyvern in 1985. After moving to Radio Luxembourg for 18 months, Fox joined Capital Radio in 1987, where he became one of the most popular DJs at the station, and remained for 18 years. Since his career took off, Fox has worked for Magic Radio and was a TV regular on shows including Pop Idol, Discomania and The Big Call. For years the award-winning broadcaster enjoyed a lavish lifestyle with fancy cars and even a helicopter, though Neil Fox has since swapped his expensive life of luxury for a more grounded family-oriented lifestyle. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Mr Fox, also known as “Dr Fox” lives in Fulham, located in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. The esteemed area in West London is home to some of the most beautiful and expensive homes in the capital, and is nearby to other prestigious areas including Putney and Chelsea. Speaking to the Times, Dr Fox revealed that he had lived in the area since 1998, when he purchased his current home with his yoga-teacher wife, Vicky. While the family home was much more affordable some 24 years ago, the wealthy broadcaster estimated that the suburban property is now worth five times what they bought it for, with the average semi-detached property now fetching £2,568,324 in the area, according to Rightmove. Though the couple have shared little insight into their house, a few snaps of Neil and Vicky Fox have revealed the stunning interior of their Fulham property. Neutral colour palettes made up of grey, beige and grey are used in their cosy living room, which is decorated with sweet family photos of their three children as babies. Oak flooring and details are also seen throughout for a classic yet modern feel. The chic property is also home to Scarlett (22), Jack (19), and Martha (16), who live with their famous parents. DON'T MISS:Inside Helen Skelton’s stunning converted cottage in Yorkshire [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly’s quiet life in Buckinghamshire at her riverside home [REVEAL]Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £130k value to flat in ‘simple’ job [ANALYSIS] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While Dr Fox has been lucky enough to spend his fortune on a desirable home for his family, he revealed that it didn’t happen overnight. Speaking to the Times, he explained that he had climbed the ranks of the property ladder over many years to end up where he is now. Neil said: “My first home was a little starter flat, then I moved on to a Barratt Home in the 1980s when they were doing that exchange scheme, and suddenly my mortgage went from seven percent to 17 percent. “I bought a new house, then a bigger property in Mill Hill when I was earning more money. “I met my wife and we bought the property we’re in now, in Fulham, in 1998, which is probably worth five times what we bought it for. “But more than that we’ve loved living here, bringing up our three children here, and we can’t imagine selling.” Despite spending his career at a host of different radio stations over the years, it seems that Fox has no plans to move out of the wealthy London borough he currently calls home. He explained that if he ever won the lottery, the money would go to “doing a bit of work to the house rather than moving”. The broadcaster has been working for Nation Radio since April, delivering his “world-famous Jukebox” Monday to Friday from 7pm to 8pm. Speaking on his return to the radio studio, Neil said: “Nation’s really growing right now and it’s great to be part of a team that loves making quality, entertaining radio.”