As the energy crisis worsens with the latest forecast seeing the price cap on energy bills reaching £3,628 in October, the British are fearful about being unable to afford their soaring bills. The ‘Don’t Pay UK’ campaign calls for consumers to cancel their direct debit payments to energy suppliers from October 1 in protest. Mass action will be taken, according to the organisers, unless the Government adequately addresses the crisis of sky-rocketing energy bills. Over 100,000 people have already signed the pledge declaring they will strike in less than two months and have demanded a reduction in energy bills to an affordable level. The campaign is expanding at national as well as local level, by signing up volunteers to act as activists in their local communities. Nina Stanley, a Don’t Pay UK campaign organiser from Blackpool, spoke to Express.co.uk about the initiative, its aims and how it convinces people to participate. The campaigners plan to reach one million participants before they proceed to the protest of mass payments refusal. Ms Stanley told Express.co.uk: “Response so far has been incredible, we have 100,000 sign ups which happened far faster than we anticipated. “With two months to go and local groups barely into their stride we’re pretty optimistic about hitting the million.” An energy expert told Express.co.uk last week that refusing to pay bills could cause "terrible consequences", as companies might force consumers onto prepayment meters and eventually overcharge them. READ MORE: Energy bills warning as Brits could be forced onto 'prepayment' meters  Asked about how the campaign responds to people who might be hesitant or fearful of the aftermath, the Don’t Pay UK activist said understandably that everyone’s situation is different. She added: “The real fear we’re hearing from people is that they simply won’t be able to pay. “People are fearful on their own but joining a growing movement gives them confidence that we can tackle this together.” When asked about how the campaign expects energy companies to react, should the protest go forward, Ms Stanley said: “The immediate energy suppliers (i.e the people you get your bill from) don’t have an answer to this crisis.” DON'T MISS: Smart meter: Expert reveals 'much bigger role' they playCash-strapped couple feeding kids ready meals as cost of living hitsSmart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes She continued: “They’re a bunch of middle men. We need the Government to step in and deal directly with the energy giants. “Cancelling direct debits and paying what you can afford doesn’t put you in debt. “Yes the energy companies can threaten us but they’re already doing that to millions who can’t afford to pay. “We need to stand together now and not let ourselves be picked off one by one.”