The boys went missing while in the Eiserbachsee, an outdoor natural swimming pool in Simmerath, near Aachen in North Rhine-Westphalia. A police spokesperson told local outlets this morning (Friday) that the brothers, aged 7 and 9, were reported missing by their parents on Thursday evening. The two boys had been swimming in the pool, attached to Lake Rursee, when they disappeared. The alarm was raised at around 6pm. Lifeguards and rescuers were sent to the scene, and the childrens' bodies were pulled from the water. The boys were resuscitated at first, and subsequently flown to hospital in a helicopter. One was taken to a children's hospital in Cologne, while the other was taken to University Hospital Aachen, both in a "critical" condition.   However, sadly they died later that evening. The family were tourists on holiday in the region. The public prosecutor's office is now said to be examining whether there is any suspicion of a criminal offence, with the investigation expected to conclude by the middle of next week. However, a spokesperson stressed to NTV: "We don't focus on anyone in particular, we just do our job." How the accident occurred is still yet to be understood by investigating officers, a police spokesperson said.   Thursday was said to be sunny in the area, with many people drawn to the water to cool off from 30-degree temperatures. Lake Rursee is located in the Eifel national park, and it is home to a number of water-based tourist attractions. Police in North Rhine-Westphalia confirmed that the two British boys had died in a statement, describing it as a "tragic swimming accident". It comes just a month after it was reported that a 16-year-old and 10-year-old jumped into the same body of water despite neither being able to swim.   First responders were said to be able to save the younger child, but the teenager unfortunately drowned. According to the German Life Saving Society, at least 199 people drowned in German waters in the first seven months of this year. Of these, 180 - or around 90 percent - of the incidents occurred in inland waters such as rivers and lakes.  