BT has today announced a huge upgrade to its BT TV Box Pro service which suddenly has been added overnight. The telecommunications giant has revealed that new and existing customers of its BT TV Box Pro service can now choose to have TV content delivered over a broadband connection instead of an aerial. If you're an existing BT TV Box Pro customer this great new feature - which Sky Glass and Virgin Media Stream users will be familiar with - unlocks immediately. You won't need to do anything to take advantage of this new tool as it will be added via an automatic update. For new customers, you can choose to take advantage of the 'internet mode' when you set up your BT set-top box. Speaking about this new feature Sharon Meadows, propositions director for BT, said: "We continue to look for ways to enhance the TV experience for our customers. Removing the need for an aerial connection not only gives even more consumers the opportunity to take out BT TV, it also gives our customers even more flexibility with their TV set-up, allowing them to access great content, from anywhere in the home." This new update - which became available on August 26 - adds one of the best reasons to get Sky Glass, with the 4K TV from the Sky Q makers also delivering TV content over a broadband signal. Virgin Media's Stream device also lets users access TV content that is streamed over the internet. Stream is a mini-streaming gadget while Sky Glass also lets users watch Sky content in multiple rooms via the additional Puck device. And BT now offers something very similar too, with the BT TV Box Mini also launching this week. This new device - which costs an additional £10 a month - offers multi-room viewing for BT TV. It works just like the BT TV Box Pro, with customers connecting it to their Smart Hub via Wi-Fi. BT users can watch their favourite channels via the TV Box Mini without the need for an aerial. These new upgrades give BT fans even more reasons to sign up to the firm's TV service. The BT TV Box Pro, which is the latest set-top box from BT, lets customers watch in 4K HDR, supports the immersive Dolby Atmos audio format and comes with a whopping 1TB of internal storage. That is twice as much storage as the previous BT TV box and offers enough room for up to 600 hours of recordings.