Ralf Little has been playing DI Neville Parker in Death in Paradise since season nine. He took over from Irish actor Ardal O'Hanlon who was solving cases on Saint Marie as DI Jack Mooney for four seasons. While Ralf has been well-received by fans of drama, he admitted he was "terrified" of how viewers would perceive him at first.  Speaking on a classic episode of Almost Famous Podcast, Ralf told host Barnaby Slater he was relieved the reaction to his portrayal as Neville was "overwhelmingly positive" before he explained how nervous he was when filming wrapped. Ahead of his first episode of Death in Paradise airing, Ralf revealed: "I wasn't nervous last night - I have not been professionally nervous for a long time. "You get adrenaline when you are on a big plane or at a big football match, but you learn to control that." However, the actor said he started thinking about his Death in Paradise performance just before 9pm which is when it airs on BBC One.  READ MORE: Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement as   He said: "Suddenly at 8.50pm before [Death in Paradise] was coming on, I thought I just couldn't watch it. "I watched The Devil Next Door on Netflix instead and told my mum not to watch [Death in Paradise]. "She was with me and I turned my phone off and I think I suddenly got this feeling of how high the stakes were, particularly at this stage of my life and my career. "I felt like the stakes were really high and I just could not be more relieved in the end."  He later admitted how easy it was to track on social media whether the show was a success or not which Ralf said was "terrifying". "We briefly talked about mental health just before we started recording and we talk differently to society about mental health now than we did five years ago," he explained. "If you are predisposed to feeling validated, it's a useful mechanism for measurement, but it is not great for your mental health." Ralf could not help checking Twitter after his first episode of Death in Paradise was broadcast to see people's reactions. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ralf Little details 'difficult' career blow [LATEST]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little unveils Will Mellor's Strictly secret [UPDATE]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little speaks out on Neville Parker exit [INTERVIEW] The former Royle Family actor added: "There were hundreds of tweets but even then there were about three tweets which were like, 'I am not convinced yet but I am willing to give him the benefit of the doubt.' "There were not even horrible tweets but those are the ones which are etched on your soul." He said it takes real discipline to "get over yourself" and not overthink your performances. The actor admitted perfection was unattainable and he has come to realise "not everyone will like you" in life.  Season 12 of Death in Paradise will once again star Ralf as Neville who will be solving more murders in the Caribbean. While a release date is yet to be announced filming has officially started for the highly anticipated season. Meanwhile, a spin-off of the show, named Beyond Paradise, is also in the works and it will star Kris Marshall as DI Humphrey Goodman. Death in Paradise episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 