Arsenal could sign their own Diogo Jota if they are able to land Pedro Neto this summer. The Gunners have been in the market for an unnamed winger all summer and it appears Neto is the chosen one for Mikel Arteta. Arsenal have been linked with a host of wingers in recent weeks. Cody Gakpo, Yeremy Pino and Mykhaylo Mudryk are just three of the players rumoured to be targets for the north London club. But it looks as if they are looking much closer to home. The Athletic claimed on Monday that Wolves star Neto is the priority target for Arteta in the final 10 days of the window. But interest in the 22-year-old is not new. Talks have been held for over a month with his agent Jorge Mendes, who has been liaising with Wolves. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong plan, Chelsea Barca threat, Zaniolo to Spurs  A deal does not appear to be easy to complete. But if Arsenal do manage to complete the transfer, it would almost mirror Liverpool's purchase of Jota back in 2020. Liverpool signed Jota at the age of 23, a year older than Neto is now, for a fee of around £45million. The duo are both Portugal internationals and have the versatility to play in a number of positions. Jota spent three years at Molineux, including a season on loan in the Championship, the same amount of time Neto has been at the club. Jota made more appearances for Wolves than his former team-mate but that is largely due to Neto missing 10 months with a knee injury. Jota's move to Liverpool came out of the blue somewhat and surprised many. However, he has proven a lot of people wrong by becoming a star man in Jurgen Klopp's side. DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesArsenal make Pedro Neto their 'priority' after lengthy Mendes talksArsenal may have Wenger to thank if Pedro Neto completes late transfer  Neto has shown a lot of potential in his three years at Wolves so far. But, like Jota, there is another level to his game that a move to one of the Premier League's top sides could help him reach. Jota was primarily a winger during his Wolves days but has transformed into a fine centre-forward at Liverpool. Neto is unlikely to follow that same path if he were to join Arsenal. However, he can play on both wings and has proven to be a goal threat. If Arsenal manage to get a deal done before the September 1 deadline, then it would cap off a fine window for Arteta and his transfer hierarchy.  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here