Emmerdale actress Lisa Riley, 46, took to Twitter to admit she got emotional after watching the England squad's historic win at Wembley Stadium on Sunday. Prince William, 40, was also in attendance at the match as the Duke of Cambridge watched England beat Germany at the Women's UEFA Euro 2022 final. It was also the country’s first major footballing success since they won the World Cup, against the same opposition, in 1966. The Mandy Dingle actress took to the micro-blogging site and praised Prince William's kind gesture after the England squad's stunning victory. The Duke of Cambridge attended the showpiece event at London's Wembley Stadium in his capacity as president of England soccer's governing body the Football Association. The Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 after extra time in the final, cheered on by a crowd of 87,000 fans, a record attendance for the final match of a European Championship in both the women's and men's games. READ MORE: Thora Birch, 40, first public appearance in months in rare sighting In view of her 132,000 followers, Lisa penned: "Prince William hugging the players…..making me cry my eyes out!!!! The true meaning of the word CHAMPIONS. The whole country is behind you @Lionesses you are a credit to #england and #football CONGRATULATIONS #Lionesses #LionessesLive." Social media users flocked to comment on the post as many agreed with the Dales star. Twitter user, @michaeldann remarked: "He comes over as so approachable, aren’t we lucky to have him & Kate." @LorieBama penned: "I watched from America and got a bit teary too. Well done ladies and #PrinceWilliam."  @karenarmi tweeted: "And the Queen's message just perfect about pride in the win the legacy and the opportunity #Lionesses." Their gushing comments come after the visibly proud royal was on hand to greet the victorious Lionesses. Prince William is a passionate football fan and was visibly thrilled to see the Lionesses deliver glory to England. He hugged players as they received their medals, looking absolutely delighted as he did so. DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart, 77, joined by seven of his children in rare snap[LATEST]Britney Spears, 40, risks revealing too much in tiny red dress video[PICTURES]'So sad!' Sharon Osbourne pays tribute as The Talk co-star dies[TRIBUTES] Prince William has since shared an emotional message with followers after England's women's football team won the 2022 Euro Championship final. He captioned the post on Instagram: "Sensational. An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. "Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations!" He also shared a picture showing the Lionesses holding up their trophy. The royal signed the post "W," revealing it was from him directly. In a video ahead of Sunday's game, Prince William and his daughter Princess Charlotte said they backed the England ladies. The Duke cheered: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck tonight. You've done amazingly well in the competition and we're rooting for you all the way." His seven-year-old daughter, Charlotte, added: "Good luck. I hope you win!"