As the Government attempts to ease the impact of the cost of living crisis, there are many schemes available that PIP claimants may be eligible for so it’s worth checking. Personal Independence Payment (PIP) can help people with disabilities with extra living costs. Britons can claim PIP for a variety of long-term physical or mental health condition or disabilities that affects them doing certain everyday tasks or getting around. It includes conditions such as anxiety, depression, mood disorders or stress, as well as musculoskeletal, neurological or respiratory diseases. More details around who is eligible for PIP can be found on the Government website. PIP claimants could receive at least £700 in Government support but more can be claimed. READ MORE: DWP: Millions of benefit claimants set to move to Universal Credit - 'Payments may change' £150 Disability Cost of Living PaymentThe single lump sum payment will go to those who get any of the following: In order to get the £150, claimants must have been eligible for one of the above benefits on May 25, 2022. £300 Pensioner Cost of Living PaymentSome state pension claimants on PIP qualify for the regular annual Winter Fuel Payment. This means they will receive a new £300 one-off boost. READ MORE: 'Won't be able to retire' Dave Ramsey suggests how woman with little saved can get by  Most people can’t make a new claim for PIP after they reach state pension age. However guidance on Citizens Advice states that people may be able to make a new claim if: £150 via £144million Discretionary FundThe Government has said vulnerable people or those on low incomes could be eligible for a £144million discretionary fund to be distributed by local councils. The guidance said this could include households living in property valued in bands E to H that are on income related benefits or those where the bill-payers are not liable for council tax. The amount that each council could give might vary so Britons are urged to check. £200 from £1.5billion Household Support FundThe Household Support Fund is given by the Government to be distributed to local authorities who decide how to hand out the cash to people in their local area so the amount may vary. DWP guidance says the cash can be used to help with food, utility bills, household essentials and other costs. The Government says it will issue guidance to councils "to ensure support is targeted towards those most in need of support, including those not eligible for the Cost of Living Payments". Claimants should check with their local council or welfare organisation to see if they qualify for help. £650 Cost of Living PaymentAnyone who gets one of five qualifying means-tested benefits will be eligible for this £650. People should get two lump sums of £326 and £324 from the DWP if they’re getting any of the following: All the payments above amount to around £2,000. Most people on PIP should get the first three payments on the list, a total of £700. Depending on circumstances, they could get more and Britons can check the other options to see if they may be eligible. People can check what state support they may be missing by using a benefits calculator on the government website.