Mary Donaldson first met Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark at the Slip Inn in Sydney during the 2000 Summer Olympics, and the pair immediately hit it off. After quietly dating for several years, the couple finally announced their engagement in 2003. Frederik had reportedly proposed with a stunning multi-stone ring while the pair were visiting Rome, and they tied the knot in Copenhagen in 2004. Crown Princess Mary's engagement ring features diamonds and rubies, an unusual pairing of stones for an engagement ring. But the colours were chosen specifically to reflect the flag of Denmark, which Mary will one day reign over as Queen Consort. A spokesperson at Diamondsbyme said: "The engagement ring features an 1.5-carat emerald-cut diamond and two emerald-cut ruby baguettes which represent the colours of Denmark’s flag. "In recent years the ring has been altered and two more diamond baguettes have been added, one on either side." READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  The expert added: "We value the ring at £30,000." The two extra diamonds were thought to have been added to Mary's ring sentimentally to mark the arrival of her four children. Over the years, Mary and Frederik have welcomed heir to the Danish throne Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, Prince Vincent and Princess Josephine. Crown Princess Mary isn't the only royal to have updated their engagement ring in recent decades.  Meghan Markle received a trilogy diamond engagement ring with a plain yellow gold band from Prince Harry in 2017. However, Meghan was later photographed with an upgraded ring featuring a slimmer pave diamond band and extra diamonds around the edges of the central stones. Meghan's engagement ring is also thought to include her birthstone on the inside alongside those of her husband and children. To make the ring fit better, Kate Middleton reportedly commissioned extra beads for the band of her sapphire and diamond engagement ring that previously belonged to Princess Diana.  DON'T MISS:Camilla's engagement ring is 'traditional' while Diana broke tradition [INSIGHT]Princess Charlene wears £55,000 engagement ring with 3-carat diamond [PICTURES]Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden's engagement ring was a 'bold break' [ANALYSIS] The late Princess also had extra prongs added to secure the 12-carat oval sapphire at the centre of the ring. The patriotic theme of Crown Princess Mary's engagement ring likely inspired the engagement ring of another Danish royal in recent years. In 2007, Prince Joachim of Denmark's engagement to French-born Marie Cavallier was announced, and she debuted a sapphire, diamond and ruby engagement ring in the style of the French flag. The ring paid tribute to Marie's home country but also to Joachim's French father, the late Prince Henrik of Denmark. 