Emmerdale star Zoe Henry, who plays Rhona Goskirk in the hit ITV soap, joined Ranvir Singh on Thursday morning's Lorraine to discuss the current storyline as her character cares for fiancé Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) after his stroke. After discussing her work life, Zoe turned to her home life with her husband and co-star Jeff Hordley and the allotment troubles they have recently encountered. After speaking about the 50th anniversary of the soap and how the Dingles have been the longest-running family in the show, talk turned to Zoe's life outside the soap. Ranvir exclaimed: "And you're married to a Dingle in real life!" to which Zoe laughed and explained: "I am, he couldn't be less like a Dingle if he tried. Good lord, that is a very old photo!" Ranvir added of the photo of the couple which appeared on-screen: "No, I love that photo! You have got quite green fingers haven't you the pair of you?" Zoe explained: "We have been growing our own fruit and veg for 15 years so we're getting there, we are enthusiastic amateurs is what I would call us. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen "We are by no means experts and last night we had to pull up our cucumbers because for the second year on the run they have failed. "So we are not particularly brilliant at everything but it is a learning curve and it always is." Quizzed on whether fans would need their tissues at the ready ahead of Thursday and Friday's episodes, Zoe teased said: "I think it's going to be very emotional, very tense. "It will be heartwarming and it will be fun! It's not just Rhona and Marlon's story tonight, it's lots of other stuff going on. So yeah, watch it. It will be a good hour of entertainment." Zoe and Jeff first met through drama school in 1994 and went on to marry one another in 2003. She previously told Leeds Live: "We got together at drama school. We've been together for 28 years. With the connection on set, we were together for 10 years before that as well. We got together in 1994.” The couple share daughter Violet and son Stan together and Zoe previously said about sharing parenting duties: "We often do line learning together. "Obviously we've got two kids, two dogs, we've got an allotment and he's just managing all of that. [Jeff's] about to get busy as I sort of start quietening down so we'll swap the baton then." DON'T MISS...Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall [WATCH]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  [LATEST]Camilla triumphs over Charles as royal couple go 'head-to-head' [INSIGHT] Despite working on the soap together, the pair's characters don't have much to do with one another, rarely being on set with one another. She previously spoke about their dynamic on Lorraine and explained: "It just means we have a very separate existence at work and I think we both appreciate that and like that." In emotional scenes which aired over the last week, Rhona and Marlon tied the knot following a long and rocky road for the pair. Marlon has been in a wheelchair since suffering a tragic stroke earlier this year but battled to his feet to say his vows. However, there was one thing that Zoe put her foot down on when it came to changing Rhona's name to Dingle, due to her husband's character on set. She explained: "Rhona has always been chasing love, the difference with her relationship with Marlon is that they have already defeated so many things now, they have history, a rich soil. "They also have Leo, who has down syndrome, so he ties them together and will do forever more. I don’t want to have the surname in the show as what my real husband has. "I like the fact she never changed her name to Kirk or to Harris. I don’t mind a little Dingle stuff but not too much. No welly drinking or that nonsense." Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.