Garden designers Diarmuid Gavin, Danny Clarke and Penny Lamb help transform some of Britain's worst gardens. In today's episode, the team met Bryan, 80, who lives in a small town near Portsmouth. Bryan explained he started neglecting the garden when his wife died eight years ago and admitted that seeing his outside area in this state makes him "depressed". He said: "Makes me feel like I failed. It makes me very depressed." The landscapers are determined to turn the filthy space into a "fabulous" garden. Bryan's spacious garden featured an old shed, a greenhouse, a fish pond and an aviary. READ MORE: Three ‘effective homemade remedies’ to remove limescale from taps  However, their state was "horrendous". "This is like a horror show!" said Penny. Bryan told the team of designers he wanted "a picturesque garden as it used to be". The landscapers start with heavy clearance and filled a four-tonne container with rubbish found in the garden. They then continued the renovations with the old fish pond, removing the pond liner and replacing it with a new one.  Bryan had a lot of garden ornaments the wife "was a big fan of," but the experts advised him to get rid of some of them. He was allowed to keep some of his favourites including a huge bear and a geisha sculpture. The team cleaned and refurbished the greenhouse and the aviary and created a growing area for fruit and veg. Bryan was in charge of painting the old shed which looked lovely once the work was completed. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Bryan also wanted to remove the outside ramp and rail which reminded him of his wife's sickness. However, the garden feature which "will have the biggest impact" on his life, according to gardener Penny, is the outdoor area they built to bring his family together. The gardeners also had to move the fish from the old pond to the new space which was a time-consuming task. "But look how happy they are now! I like seeing them swimming around," Bryan said clearly excited about the change. Finally, the experts created a beautiful wildflower meadow on the patio which "bees and butterflies absolutely love". The process was "actually very easy" as it was just "like laying carpet," the gardeners explained. When Bryan saw his brand new garden, she said his wife "would love it". "It has character. It's phenomenal!" he said.