Roger Federer is set to return to the tennis court in just over a month at the Laver Cup in London’s O2 Arena on September 23. With his long-awaited comeback getting closer, the 20-time Major champion shared a new clip of himself on the practice court on Sunday, and Express Sport has taken a look at everything Federer has said about his return to competition. It has now been more than a year since Federer announced he would be undergoing a third knee surgery and ended his 2021 season after suffering a “setback” with his troublesome right knee during the grass season. But the wait for his return is finally almost over, with the Swiss star making his comeback at the Laver Cup in exactly a month on Tuesday. The former world No 1 showed that he was almost back to his best as he shared a preview from one of his practice sessions in an Instagram video on Sunday, as he is due to join his biggest rivals Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray on Team Europe at next month’s Laver Cup before returning to the ATP Tour circuit in October at the Swiss Indoors Basel. The video is the first time Federer has addressed his return to the competition since making a surprise appearance at Wimbledon last month to participate in a special ceremony marking 100 years of Centre Court. Joining a glittering line-up of other former champions including his Big Three rivals and Venus Williams, the 41-year-old shared his hopes to return to the tournament at least one more time. JUST IN: Djokovic gets US Open ban indication as tournament release protocols  “It's great to be here with all the other champions. This court has given me my biggest wins and my biggest losses. I hope I can come back one more time,” he told John McEnroe during the on-court presentation. “I've missed it here. I knew walking out here last year, it was going to be a tough year ahead. I maybe didn't think it was going to take this long to come back - the knee has been rough on me.” Prior to Wimbledon, the 103-time title winner confessed he would no longer over-play despite intending to enjoy a full 2023 season. Asked whether his twin daughters would still want to travel to tournaments with him now they are teenagers, he told Coop-Zeitung it was “a problem that I would really like to have because that would mean that everything is going well with the knee and the comeback,” adding that he would “no longer play 20 tournaments a year.” DON'T MISS Tsitsipas delighted to be avoiding fines as he speaks after dad insultCameron Norrie given boost despite Borna Coric defeatUS Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity match  His agent Tony Godsick also teased the possibility of Federer giving the 2023 season a proper go after testing the waters at the Laver Cup and Basel ATP 500. "I don’t want to be the doctor but what I hope for him is to be able to have a great rehab this summer, play some in the fall and give a nice shot at 2023,” he told Standard Sport in May.  It remains to be seen now Federer will fare in his return to competition at the age of 41 but if his Instagram video is anything to go by, it appears that the 20-time Major champion still hasn’t lost his touch despite a whole year away from the match court. 