Energy consultancy Auxilione stoked fears that the cost-of-­living crisis will get much worse when it provisionally pre­dicted the price cap for those on default tariffs could hit £3,687 in October, potentially rise to £4,400 in January and then hit £4,700 in April.  The shock analysis comes just days after the Bank of England warned that the UK will fall into recession this year, with inflation now expected to hit 13 per cent. Leadership contender Liz Truss said a "bold response" is required. Pledging action to help both businesses and families, she said: "We need to get the economy growing again by unshackling Britain's businesses. I will take swift action to help hard-­working, hard-­pressed families with the rising cost of living. "I'll reverse the National Insurance rise and stop the corporation tax hike to put more money in people's pockets, and call a temporary moratorium on the green levy to help with bills." Her rival Rishi Sunak said it would be "simply wrong to rule out further direct support" and said Ms Truss's tax proposals would not provide significant help for pensioners or those on low incomes. Last month, the former chancellor said he would use Brexit freedoms to scrap VAT on domestic energy bills for the next year. He told the Sunday Express: "As prime minister, my first priority would be to tackle inflation and bring it under control as quickly as possible." Warning that "we cannot and must not make the situation worse", he added: "I have a plan to bring inflation down, grow the economy and - when the time is right - cut taxes. In fact, I have announced plans for the biggest income tax cut since Margaret Thatcher. "But I will never get taxes down in a way that puts inflation up. I would urge Conservative Party members to remember that if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is."  Auxilione says it is double-­checking its energy cap figures, which are likely to horrify struggling households. A report commissioned by former prime minister Gordon Brown claims Govern­ ment support will not offset the losses faced by low-­income households, with some ending up £1,600 worse off a year. The study by Prof Donald Hirsch, at Loughborough University, says the extra £1,200 offered to the country's poorest will not make up for the loss of the £20-­week benefits uplift, an annual uprating out of line with inflation forecasts, and the jump in the energy price cap. Mr Brown called on the Government to take "immediate action", saying: "It is the urgent task of the next prime minister to ensure that families have enough to live, through this crisis and beyond." A Government spokesperson said: "We have acted to protect the eight million most vulnerable families through at least £1,200 of direct payments this year, with additional support for pensioners and those claiming disability benefits. "Through our £37billion support pack­ age we are also saving the typical emp­ loyee over £330 a year through a tax cut in July, allowing people on Universal Credit to keep £1,000 more of what they earn and cutting fuel duty by 5p." An Ofgem spokesman said: "No forecast for next year is robust at this stage so we would ask that extreme caution is applied to any predictions for the price cap."  