iPhone 13, released worldwide in September 2021, ships with the speedier A15 Bionic processor inside, re-engineered cameras to boost low-light photos, Cinematic Mode in video to make your home videos look like Hollywood masterpieces, new colours and longer battery life. Can't decide whether these features are worth the upgrade? Our iPhone 13 review has all of the answers. Looking for the best iPhone 13 deals? In the months since its launch, the iPhone 13 price has started to drop ...although you might've missed the discounts if you've only checked the Apple Store. If you want to buy the iPhone 13 SIM-free, the best deals can be found in popular online and high street stores like Amazon UK, John Lewis, Currys, and Argos all dropping the cost below what you'll find in the Apple Store. For those who missed the glitzy launch event in California, the iPhone 13 looks almost identical to its predecessor. But don't let that fool you. Apple has packed the inside of these new models with some worthy upgrades. First up, all four models enjoy a faster A15 Bionic processor, which is speedier than its predecessor, but also more efficient to boost your battery life. Regardless of whether you have an iPhone 13 or 13 Pro, Apple has improved all of the cameras. The iPhone 13 and mini both receive an upgrade to the OLED screen which should improve colours and richness of blacks, while anyone opting for the Pro models will be treated a 120Hz refresh rate which makes scrolling through content feel buttery smooth. Other extras coming to these devices include new colour choices and something called Cinematic Mode. This video setting automatically changes the focus on faces to give home movies a Tinseltown makeover. You even tinker with this clever effect after the video has been shot which is pretty impressive. Mobile networks like O2, EE, Sky Mobile, Vodafone, Three and others have also launched some incredible iPhone 13 deals. Prices have dropped, but some incredible freebies are also available, with free Disney+ or Prime Video, a complimentary subscription to Apple Music, and data-free WhatsApp messaging. We've rounded up the best iPhone 13 deals below... MORE LIKE THIS