The Labour leader spoke to ITV hosts Charlotte Hawkins and Robert Rinder about how he would manage the cost of living crisis if he was Prime Minister. However, after being grilled by the presenters Keir hit back before being abruptly cut off at the end of the interview. Introducing Starmer to the show, Hawkins  told the labour leader he was a bit late before asking him why the country hadn't heard from him sooner. Wanting to tackle the question “head on”, Starmer reeled off a list of arguments and proposals he’s made over the past few months on the cost of living crisis. He told Hawkins: “It was last September, I made the argument about insulating homes to keep bills down in the first place. “It was January that I made the argument about a windfall tax, it took the government five months to catch up to that idea in their U-turn.”   “It was January I proposed the VAT bills be cut from energy bills and Rishi Sunak is only just catching up with that. Today I’ve set  out a comprehensive plan.” Keir told the two hosts. Interrupting Keir, Hawkins told him people have had to wait for this plan as she said that Labour has been critical that the government has been missing. She said: “We haven’t heard anything from labour and now it seems you’ve sat there and you’ve thought, ‘Oh Ed Davies has come up with a good plan let’s take a bit of that and use that instead’. However, Keir hit back: “Look, I’ve just given you a comprehensive answer on that saying we’ve been working on energy bills for 12 months now and it was back in July I asked my team for a fully costed plan.” He told Hawkins that if he hadn’t set out a plan prior then the questions they were asking him this morning would be very different. Starmer said that he wants to ensure they have the accurate figures on what the cost will go up to in autumn to then be able to set out how they’ll be able to pay for it. The labour leader said that his party are on the side of struggling families and has made the decision of a windfall tax on the oil and gas companies that have made excess profits. He added: “That is a political choice that we, the labour party have made, the Conservative Party hasn’t made that choice, they can’t make that choice because all we’ve seen from them is internal squabbling between the leadership hopefuls.”   Elsewhere in the interview, co-host Rob Rinder questioned if Starmer would support those in the legal profession who are currently taking industrial action and other people who are striking. Starmer replied: “I completely understand the anxiety of those who are taking action because they can’t pay their bills. “Wages have been stagnant for the best part of a decade and there's a cost of living crisis and the government is absent! “I understand the impact on working families, whichever sector they are in and I of course support the right to go on strike.” Interrupting him, Rinder emphasised his initial question by wanting to know if Starmer supported the lawyers who can’t afford to represent their clients or represent their victims.    The labour leader confirmed he supports the right to strike before adding that the single most significant thing we can do for people struggling is to have his party in government. “Any government has a role in these negotiations and that role is to get people around the table and to resolve the issues that arise and I’m single-mindedly focused on that.” He replied. Although Rinder wasn’t satisfied with his response as he hit back that he didn’t answer what he had specifically asked. The presenter then abruptly ended the interview by thanking him and moving on to the weather segment of the show. Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV at 6am.  