Charlbi Dean died in New York City on Monday of an unexpected sudden illness. The late actress and model starred in director Ruben Ostlund’s forthcoming film Triangle of Sadness.    The role she played alongside Woody Harrelson and Harris Dickinson marked Charlbi’s first major movie. Charlbi’s death was announced by Deadline. Charlbi had got engaged to her boyfriend of four years, Luke Chase Volker, in recent months. The proposal took place on the same Manhattan street as they shared their first kiss together. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life  Luke’s latest social media post featured a picture of himself and Charlbi holding hands at this year’s Cannes FIlm Festival. Alongside the picture, Luke had penned a heartfelt caption paying tribute to his other half for her work on Triangle of Sadness. He wrote: “3 years later!! Against all odds, almost impossible obstacles, they pulled it off! “The film is a masterpiece from top to bottom everyone did a spectacularly job getting it done. “I couldn’t be more proud of you my love @charlbi143” Devastated fans and friends of the late actress took to Luke’s post’s comments section to pay tribute to the star and sent her fiancé their support. Transponstter said: “So sorry for the loss of your beautiful love. “Prayers to you. Life is very unfair.” DON'T MISS...Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [INSIGHT]Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICTURES]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [UPDATE] Bnhopeudance1 added: “Sending you my heartfelt condolences for the loss of your precious Charlbi. “Please know she is not gone & someday you WILL be reunited. “I pray you are blessed with strength, love, courage & comfort as u cope with this incredibly painful life experience & loss. I am so sorry.” (sic) Steph02418 typed: “My heart hurts for you. May you find strength and peace.  “God bless. I’m so sorry.” Indiaans wrote: “my condolences. r.i.p dear charlbi.” Charlbi had acting roles in The CW's Black Lightning in 2018, Perry Lang's 2018 film An Interview with God, as well as Donovan Marsh's 2010 film Spud and its 2013 sequel. As a model, Charbli was featured in the South African editions of GQ in December 2008 and Elle in July 2010. 