Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has asked new owner Todd Boehly to chase a move for Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang before the summer transfer window closes, according to reports. The Blues are currently on the lookout for a new striker to replace Romelu Lukaku at the top of the pitch, with the Belgian marksman having returned to Inter Milan on a temporary basis since the end of last season. A number of high-profile names have been linked with Chelsea in recent weeks as the west Londoners aim to recruit some much-needed additional firepower in order to boost their hopes of sealing Champions League qualification at the end of the season. Aubameyang has reportedly emerged as a surprise target for the Blues over the last few days and it seems as though Tuchel may have already identified the former Arsenal man as his preferred choice to lead the line over the course of the campaign and beyond.The Chelsea boss has urged Boehly to bring Aubameyang to Stamford Bridge in the belief that he would be the 'perfect striker' for the Blues at this moment in time, according to Fabrizio Romano. Chelsea were initially said to have taken a liking to Aubameyang earlier this summer but have only stepped up their pursuit of his signature upon the request of Tuchel in the weeks since the end of last month.Discussions are thought to have already been held with Aubameyang's camp in order to gauge his interest in a potential move to Chelsea and establish initial talks regarding personal terms at Stamford Bridge. Barcelona are yet to hear from Chelsea over a possible bid for the Gabonese striker, though, with no contact having been made at club level as things stand. JUST IN: Chelsea 'very close' to De Jong deal but face same issue as Man Utd Aubameyang has fallen down the pecking order at Barcelona since the recent arrival of Robert Lewandowski, who joined the Catalan giants from Bayern Munich earlier this summer. However, it remains to be seen whether or not he will be happy to leave the Nou Camp after less than a year at the club or if he would even consider joining Chelsea as a result of his Arsenal connections.The Blues, meanwhile, have already been warned against pursuing a move for Aubameyang by former Premier League striker Frank McAvennie, who believes that he is not necessarily good enough to serve as Chelsea's talisman after struggling in front of goal at times during his spell at Arsenal. "He didn’t do much at Arsenal so why is he going to do it at Chelsea? He didn’t like Arsenal and they had some decent players when he was there," McAvennie recently told Football Insider."You can’t keep moving. I think Aubameyang is a risk. He’s a good player and Barcelona got the proper Aubameyang who’s scoring goals."All of a sudden why is he wanting to move again? Why would you want to leave Barcelona to go to Chelsea unless there’s a problem? I would be sceptical of bringing him in to Chelsea." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here