Royal and showbiz reporter Kinsey Schofield warned the Duchess of Sussex that her upcoming next podcast guest will not tolerate Meghan Markle having so much airtime to speak about herself. The royal reporter said the Duchess of Sussex to prepare for Maria Carey to not let her speak the way she did in her first ever Archetypes episode with Serena Williams where the Duchess of Sussex monopolised the airtime to share her own experiences. Speaking on GB News, Ms Schofield said: "I highly doubt Maria Carey will give her as much time to talk about herself as her friend Serena Williams did. "But these are two huge names. Obviously, she’s going to use those bigger names to elevate herself, to elevate her brand. "But after Maria Carey, we have Mindy Kaling, you know, she’s a great comedian and a familiar name. "But the names start to look questionable. You’re not familiar with a lot of the other people on the podcast, so I’m not sure she’ll be able to sustain that number one spot." "I think this is truly curiosity," Ms Schofield said. The royal reporter said Meghan Markle should be giving more airtime to her female guests to share their experiences – including Serena Williams who was not given the chance to do it. She said: "If the entire podcast is about how women are supposed to overcome stereotypes, I want to know how Serena Williams overcame stereotypes. "She’s an incredible athlete, one of the greatest that the world has ever seen. What struggles did she face and how did she overcome them?" READ MORE: Meghan told to 'never set foot here again' as South Africans fume Ms Schofield said: "This is a great opportunity for Meghan to really make a name for herself and be a face of the feminist movement. "But she said the word ‘I’ over 200 times in this 50-something minute podcast. So obviously, she wants the focus to be on Meghan." After the release of the long-awaited first episode of her Spotify podcast, Meghan came under fire for not giving enough time to tennis star Serena Williams to share how she overcame obstacles as a female athlete. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle’s new ‘style modes’ - ‘obvious shift' in fashion choices [INSIGHT] Harry warned 'inevitable' detail in new book could prove 'incendiary' [REPORT] William 'unlikely' to see Harry when visiting US [REPORT] The podcast, named Archetypes, aims to discuss the double standard women face when they chase their dream. The first episode titled “The Misconception of Ambition” has topped the charts on Spotify around the world, jumping to number one in six countries. The 41-year-old labelled the podcast as a place to "investigate, dissect, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back" during a series of interviews. READ NEXT:Meghan 'burns 600 calories' doing yoga - but must now change routinePrince Charles 'so touched' to edit black British newspaper The VoiceHarry has 'royal rubberneckers' on tenterhooks over memoirAnimal rights lawyer baffled for 30 mins into Meghan Markle callGB News sparks backlash as host slams Duke of SussexPrince Harry and Meghan gave ‘hope’ at event they almost cancelled