Brexiteer Tom Harris was called out after he compared Brexit to the Easter Rising. Historian Sir Tom Devine called the comparison "completely ludicrous". Tom Harris made the comparison in response to a Guardian article in which comedian Dara Ó Briain called Brexit a terrible idea. Mr Harris took to Twitter to make the comparison - the former Labour MP headed the Vote Leave campaign in Scotland ahead of the Brexit referendum. He said: "[I thought it] odd that an Irishman should affect bewilderment at a nation prioritising self-determination." When someone pointed out that Ireland was still in the EU, he said that Ireland had "fought a war of independence and a civil war on the subject of self-determination". Mr Ó Briain hit back and said he was "genuinely amazed" that Tom Harris thought this was a "valid comparison".  He added: "Honestly. Amazed. Yeah, why didn’t they just hold an advisory referendum in 1916? Job done. Plus, they were in a post office, so could handle the postal votes." Mr Ó Briain wasn't the only one who thought the comparison was strange, historian Sir Tom Devine told The Herald that the comment showed Mr Harris's "historical illiteracy". He said: "I think any comparison between the Easter Rising of 1916 and Brexit is completely ludicrous and only eloquently demonstrates the historical illiteracy of the current denizens of the Scotland Office. "The suggestion made by Mr Harris is based on nothing other than political prejudice, not on any serious awareness of the events to which he refers. "Indeed his comment is one of the funniest instances of a historical howler I have come across in recent years." READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped for 'return into the royal fold'  The Easter Rising occurred on April 24, 1916, when small groups of republicans seized key locations in Dublin and declared Ireland to be a republic. One of the locations the republicans seized was the General Post Office in Dublin. However, the revolt was swiftly crushed and 15 of the people who led the Easter Rising were executed by firing squad. The result of the uprising, however, was a change of popular opinion in Ireland against the UK and towards Home Rule. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Rejoiner Adonis details REAL goal of 'UK’s pro-EU forces' [REPORT]How to live longer: Golden drink lowering cholesterol and blood sugar [INSIGHT]Inside Ukraine's decentralised cyber army exposing oligarchs [ANALYSIS]  The uprising is said to have helped lead to Irish independence in 1922. Mr Harris was a Labour MP for Glasgow South until 2015. He served in a ministerial role under Tony Blair and then was Shadow Environment Secretary under Ed Miliband. Following his career as an MP, Mr Harris became the director of the Scottish branch of Vote Leave before the Brexit referendum. He now works as an advisor to the current Government on Scottish issues as the lead non-executive director of both the Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland and the Advocate General for Scotland. 