Millions of families and pensioners are being forced to choose between heating and eating, millions more are worried about how they will pay their bills this winter. While millions of people suffer, Conservative Ministers have barely lifted a finger to help, and the two candidates to be Prime Minister are living in a parallel universe with no grasp on how to tackle the issues facing people. The Conservatives have no plan to tackle the big energy firms and their enormous profits, they have no plan to support people on the scale we need and they have no plan to come back from their holidays to do what we are here to do - take urgent action. Energy bills soaring, inflation soaring, interest rates soaring, and as the cost-of-living crisis turns into a cost-of-living catastrophe our Government is that of a zombie, limping on - helping no one. We need bold and urgent action to help families pay their bills and heat their homes this winter. There is no other choice, we simply cannot afford more inaction in the face of another even bigger rise in October. This is an emergency, and the Government must step in now to save families and pensioners £1,600 by cancelling the planned rise in energy bills this October - implementing a sort of energy furlough. We would pay for it by expanding the windfall tax on oil and gas companies, and by using the extra tax revenues the Treasury is currently raking in thanks to soaring inflation. Our Liberal Democrat plan would see households saved from energy price hikes, all the while we are faced with a deafening silence from the Prime Minister and Chancellor, while both Conservative leadership candidates have failed to come up with a bold plan to solve this crisis. We have now prepared legislation that is ready and waiting to implement our plans to scrap the energy price rise.  Parliament must be recalled now so we can pass this law as soon as possible. But, while cancelling bills will go far to help millions this winter, it will not be enough on its own. Families and pensioners are already facing sky-high bills, they have already gone up by £800 this year, so we need targeted measures to help those who are struggling the most. That is why, since the start of this crisis, the Liberal Democrats have been calling on the Government to double the Warm Homes Discount and extend it to more people; double the Winter Fuel Allowance to give 11 million pensioners up to £600 off their bills; raise Universal Credit by £20 a week; and implement an emergency home insulation programme to cut people’s energy bills in the long-term, starting with homes in or at risk of fuel poverty. All of those are badly needed, but none will prevent the economic and social catastrophe that is to come if bills rise by £1,600 in October as planned, with further pain in January. That rise is not inevitable. It is a choice the Government is making – and there is still time for Ministers to choose a different path. They must choose to act: cancel the rise now and help families and pensioners through what could be a very tough winter indeed. Every day that goes past without any answers from this Conservative government creates more anxiety and worry about how they will pay the bills this winter. We need to reassure families and pensioners now by introducing measures to protect them from this social and economic catastrophe. 