Rangers have reportedly dropped star striker Alfredo Morelos for their crucial Champions League play-off second-leg against PSV Eindhoven on Wednesday night. Giovanni van Bronckhorst is thought to have made the decision based on concerns over the Colombian's 'fitness levels, commitment and attitude'. The Scottish Premiership runners-up are potentially just 90 minutes away from qualifying for the Champions League group stages for the first time since the 2010-11 campaign. However, the Gers must overcome PSV without their all-time leading European goalscorer. According to Sky Sports, Van Bronckhorst has left Morelos out of Rangers' squad for the second leg of their crucial Champions League play-off due to concerns over the player's fitness levels, commitment and attitude. The Dutchman is thought to have harboured various reservations over the forward since he returned from injury and sought to consult a number of senior squad members over the decision. The experienced personnel within Rangers' group are thought to have unanimously backed Van Bronckhorst's decision to drop Morelos, who only recently returned to fitness having missed a significant chunk of last season following a thigh issue sustained while on international duty with Colombia back in March. JUST IN: Man Utd: Ten Hag made history vs Liverpool and picks out double act The 26-year-old came off the bench in Rangers 2-2 draw with Hibernian on Sunday but was sent off after just 13 minutes of action. It is believed the dismissal alone isn't the reason for Morelos' Champions League axing. Despite being dropped, it is thought that the forward's future is not in doubt. It is understood that if 'El Buffalo' can prove his commitment to the club, he will continue with Rangers, while talks over a new deal have currently been placed on hold. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Fernandes spills info on Ronaldo after Liverpool winJude Bellingham to Liverpool: £103m move 'expected', Gerrard backingLiverpool's Klopp makes 'ridiculous' claim after Man Utd defeat The Gers claimed a 2-2 draw with PSV in the first leg of the Champions League play-off last week as strikes from Antonio Colak and Tom Lawrence were cancelled out by Ibrahim Sangare and Armando Obispo for the Eredivisie outfit. Colak, who has now struck four goals in his last five games for Van Bronckhorst's side, has started in all seven of Rangers' matches this season as Morelos has continued with his recovery. The Croatian was one of a number of new recruits added to Rangers' attack this summer. Welsh duo Lawrence and Rabbi Matondo arrived from Derby County and Schalke respectively, while 20-year-old USMNT international Malik Tillman also joined on loan from Bayern Munich. 