FIFA 23 release date is weeks away now, but lucky fans are able to play it early via the FIFA 23 beta. The FIFA 23 beta is live now, with this early test going live on August 11. While the first batch of FIFA 23 beta codes have been sent out there is a chance and second round of codes may also get distributed. The FIFA 23 beta is then scheduled to end on September 1. If you're wondering how to get a FIFA 23 beta code there are a few steps you can take today. FIFA 23 beta codes are sent out via invites and are reportedly based around how much time you put into the game. For those that have already sunk plenty of hours into FUT you're more likely to get a FIFA 23 beta code then those who haven't. To put yourself in with a chance of getting a FIFA 23 beta code you firstly need to make a few changes to your account. According to EA, you need to enable email notifications first in order to be eligible for a FIFA 23 beta code. To do this... - Go to your EA Account Email Preferences. - Confirm your email under Primary Email is correct. Access to the Closed Beta isn’t guaranteed, but if you’re granted access it’ll be sent to this address. - Check the box under Manage your email preferences. - Click Update. FIFA 23 beta codes will be sent out to those based in the UK or US, and you'll find out if you've been picked if an email with a code drops into your inbox. The FIFA 23 beta is only available on PlayStation and Xbox, so not on Switch, Stadia or PC. If you don't get picked for the FIFA 23 beta there are other ways to get early access. For those that pre-order the FIFA 23 Ultimate Edition you'll be able to play FIFA 23 early. You will get three days of early access when FIFA 23 Ultimate Edition becomes available to you on September 27 - this is ahead of the Standard version release on September 30. Alternatively, if you're a member of EA Play - or Xbox Game Pass Ultimate - you'll also be able to play a 10 hour preview of FIFA 23. This will launch the same time the FIFA 23 Ultimate Edition becomes available. For those hoping for a FIFA 23 demo it's bad news - while in previous years EA has launched a pre-release demo for its upcoming FIFA game for the past two years this hasn't been the case. And there are no signs yet that this could change for FIFA 23.