The Weather Outlook, run by founder and forecaster Brian Gaze, shows the mercury spiking again just weeks after the country cooked in its first extreme heatwave in history. Temperatures skyrocketed to 40.3C in some places - smashing records and setting the bar higher for future heatwaves in the UK. Most places experienced heat of around 39C - and the Weather Outlook is now saying heat near this level may be on its way back. Since the middle of July, the heat has not been so intense, but more in line with what is expected of summer with temperatures sitting in the early to mid 20s.  Forecasters at the Met Office have not indicated there will be another extreme heat warning of this kind as yet, but early indications are predicting another hot spell to start by next Monday, August 7. The Weather Outlook tweeted: “GFS 00z will be an outlier but it shows temperatures peaking at >= 30C for 9 days from 07/08. Could be the hottest GFS run ever?” Its interactive maps show a surge of hot air swamping the UK by Tuesday, August 9 - straddling the country until at least August 16. Another meteorological model, WX Charts, upholds this prediction in some ways, with its heat map showing temperatures hitting 31C on more than one day in August.  But it doesn’t at the moment show a prolonged heat plume for nine days straight. From next Monday it shows temperatures gently rising from 23C to 26C, peaking at 31C on the south coast including Brighton and Southampton on Wednesday, August 10. Temperatures of 30C will also be felt in London, Surrey and parts of Berkshire with the midlands and the north seeing highs of 26C. Come Thursday, August 11 thermometers will remain high, with 30C heat becoming more widespread across the country.  READ MORE: UK weather: Brits to feel ‘clammy’ as muggy conditions to set in WX Charts maps show this will last until Friday. On Saturday, August 13 most of the country will be basking in temperatures of 19C to 20C - a significant drop. In terms of the latter part of the month, there are some indicators of “very warm weather” returning, according to the Met Office. The Met Office long range forecast which looks at the weather from August 15 to 29 adds: “Dry weather is likely to continue in this period for many, but still a chance of some periods of organised rain in the north.  DON'T MISS:Macron's economic nightmare as inflation SURGES again with France pric [ANALYSIS]Macron SNUBBED by EU as France excluded from £90M weapons project. [REPORT]Macron humiliated as EDF loses £4.4bn in MAJOR blow for president [REPORT] “These may make incursions further south at times, especially towards the end of the month. “For the south and southeast any precipitation is most likely in the form of showers or thunderstorms, although most areas are likely to be drier than average. “Temperatures are likely continuing to be widely above normal, with the potential for a very warm spell in the south.” 