 Paramount Network’s acclaimed western drama Yellowstone is expected to make its highly anticipated return to screens in November. Ahead of its release, Rip Wheeler star Cole Hauser happily welcomed a new feature for his character.    Yellowstone followed the lives of the Dutton family who were fighting to hold on to their beloved ranch. Patriarch John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and his adult children had been fighting off land developers, casino moguls and the Broken Rock Reservation who all wanted to build on it. However, the ranch has been in the Dutton family for seven generations and as the sole owners and residents, they want to keep it that way. As the Yellowstone ranch is the largest one in the United States, it has been constantly under threat. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos    One of the unexpected twists in season three saw the biological father of John’s adopted son Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley), Garrett Randall (Will Patton), make a shocking appearance. By season four it was revealed he had ordered the deaths of John and his other children Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) and Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes). This was so his son could inherit the ranch, which Garratt would also benefit from upon his return. However, his life came to a jaw-dropping end after Beth ordered Jamie to kill his biological father to prove his loyalty.   With fans eagerly awaiting season five, Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) provided an insight into the upcoming instalment as he thanked the show’s crew members. Taking to Instagram, the actor posted a photo of himself riding a horse on set with the scenic Montana views. He captioned the picture: “Peace and serenity in the mountains of Montana. “Thanks to Any Maschke for my bada*s saddle this year on YS5.” DON'T MISS...Ken Dodd left behind staggering EIGHT-figure fortune [INSIGHT]Monica Dutton age: How old is Yellowstone's Monica? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Kevin Costner speaks out on John Dutton death rumour [INSIGHT]     The new saddle will be a prized possession for the no-nonsense character Rip Wheeler who joined the Dutton family as a ranch hand. The season came to an end with Rip and Beth saying their vows after spending the majority of their lives together. Fans also took to his comment section with excitement after the glimpse into season five. @mardim1977 wrote: “Heavenly view. I am so excited for S5!!”     @losgatos_pam added: “Love this photo so much. So peaceful.” Cole’s co-star and onscreen wife Kelly Reilly also commented and reflected: “What a day.” As the main cast are expected to reprise their roles, their storylines are yet to be revealed. The cast and showrunners have remained tight-lipped about season five, so fans will have to wait to see what the instalment will entail. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.