Liz Truss has reportedly sparked concern within EU circles over the prospect of the UK's former Brexit negotiation being promoted to a senior position in a future Downing Street administration. The Big Issue's editor Paul McNamee has suggested that France and Emmanuel Macron, in particular, have been left feeling a "little anxious". Mr McNamee told Sky News: "There are worries from the EU that Lord Frost will have a quite senior role within any potential Truss administration. "France, none of us will be surprised to hear after recent comments are a little anxious." He added: "Washington will welcome her some of her foreign policy agendas but also will have worries about where she is in the protocol and what that means for the Good Friday Agreement given Joe Biden's huge support for all things Irish." The Tory leadership candidate is reported to be considering invoking Article 16 if she becomes prime minister in September. READ MORE: I'm losing patience with the leadership race, we need a leader now Last Thursday, the frontrunner to be Britain's next prime minister said she had yet to decide if Mr Macron was a friend or an enemy. Asked during a hustings event with rival leadership candidate Rishi Sunak whether Macron was a friend or foe, Ms Truss responded: "The jury's out", to some cheers and applause from the audience of Conservative Party members. Relations between London and Paris have deteriorated since Conservative-governed Britain left the European Union in 2020, with disputes breaking out over immigration and post-Brexit trade across the Irish Sea. Macron said he did not doubt Britain's place as an ally of France "for a single second", adding: "If France and Britain cannot say whether they are friends or enemies... then we are headed for serious problems."  Britain's opposition Labour Party foreign affairs spokesman David Lammy criticised Truss, saying the fact she had "chosen to needlessly insult one of our closest allies shows a terrible and worrying lack of judgment". Ms Truss had also added that, if she became prime minister, she would judge Macron "on deeds not words". British finance minister and Truss supporter Nadhim Zahawi said the comment had been light-hearted and Britain also wanted to be judged on its actions not words. "Liz and I both know that France is a strategic ally," he said. French officials have privately said levels of trust between the two nations are very low in the wake of Brexit. DON'T MISS: House price crash MAPPED: New forecast 12% to be wiped out [REVEALED] Man, 21, arrested on suspicion of rape after elderly woman attacked [REPORT] Royal Family: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [LATEST]  Asked about the comments, Mr Johnson said relations between Britain and France were of huge importance. "I've always had very good relations with Emmanuel Macron," he said, adding that the French president was a "tres bon buddy". Former Conservative minister Gavin Barwell also questioned the remark, tweeting: "You would have thought the Foreign Secretary was aware we are in a military alliance with France." The German ambassador to the UK also warned that the relationship with France is of "crucial importance". Miguel Berger, appearing on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, said: "I would say that the relationship with France is of crucial importance for the United Kingdom, so my recommendation would be really to look for a relationship that is as close as possible." 