The attempted murder of author Salman Rushdie, who clearly thought fears for his safety had abated, is now still critically ill after being viciously attacked. Meanwhile author JK Rowling is also under threat and in fear for her safety. Anyone who attempts to suppress free speech with violence and intimidation must be subjected to the harshest penalties. Any religion that insists its laws apply to everyone, including people not of that religion, should be outlawed in any civilised country, says Terence Cockerill from Felixstowe, Suffolk. The so-called religious crime of blasphemy can only exist within a single religion and cannot apply to anyone not of that religion. That is a madness not seen since the Middle Ages and must not be tolerated. It looks like Manchester United picked the wrong manager as he appears completely out of his depth, says Barrie Warren from Bury, Lancashire. The lazy way Erik ten Hag's team rolled over to an average Brentford side was disgusting, particularly given their wages. His three new arrivals do not look any better, one with a health issue, a short centre-back plus a left-back from guess where? Holland! Surprise surprise! He has also wasted three months chasing another Dutch player who does not want to come and their highest-paid player is desperate to leave. Do not put money on him surviving until Christmas.  Further to the article by James Whale ("Trigger warning... Jane Austen may damage your mental health," August 15), I wonder how much longer the often too silent majority are supposed to put up with being constantly bombarded with woke nonsense, says Dave Austin from Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire. It seems a lot of this nonsense emanates from universities, supposedly preparing students for life in the real world. It is about time these people were removed from our universities. That might send a message to other organisations weighed down by woke and diversity issues to perhaps do the jobs they are paid to do and to stop insulting the intelligence of the public.  Richard Madeley's views on the role of chaplains in today's prisons and hospitals is old fashioned, says Geraldine Lee from Norwich. It makes sense to have a humanist as a team leader in a prison setting. Humanists want people to be happy, to be respected and valued. They support human rights and LGBT relationships. There are many non-religious people in prison who want someone to talk to about problems who would refuse the support of a religious person. As a Christian I would like to think everyone could receive support but Christians have boundaries no longer accepted by today's liberal society. Humanists have set themselves the huge task of sorting out society's ills. I wish them well.