I have no doubt that Home Secretary Priti Patel and her Home Office ministers are as determined to sort out this problem as the rest of us, but one is left with the feeling that the civil service – which should be helping the Government deliver on its policies – is being less than co-operative. These civil servants at the Home Office are so out of step with the public on this matter, they might be better off renaming their department the Welcome To Your New Home Office. The Government has a sizeable majority and the new Prime Minister needs to make sorting out this mess their top priority, doing everything it takes to resolve this issue once and for all – even if it upsets the Gary Linekers of this world. So unhelpful are the top civil servants at the department that two reports needed to be commissioned on the way to solve the immigration crisis this month. First, an official one, from the Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration, and another – an independent review commissioned by Priti Patel – by Alexander Downer, the former and longest-serving Australian Foreign Secretary who brought illegal immigration in his home country under control. I am not sure which one you would be paying more attention to but I am more inclined to focus on the one by the author who has a successful track record in controlling illegal immigration.  It will not come as a shock that the Chief Inspector’s report was resistant to a more robust approach, with howling warnings of “leaving vulnerable migrants at risk”, whereas Alexander Downer’s report stated that you need to use every tool at your disposal to solve the problem, from turning boats around, to sending immigrants to third countries and even working on a better deal with France. Well, I suppose that is leaving no stone unturned. Monday’s tally took this year’s total of those arriving by illegal Channel crossings so far to 17,095 – almost double the number for this time last year of which 75 per cent were men aged 18 to 30 and about another 5 per cent were men aged over 40. The Home Office needs to implement the Downer report recommendations – and fast. A major dilemma is coming for the “working from home” brigade. Soaring energy prices might mean WFH could cost £10 per day – enough to get even the most dedicated WFH jogging-bottoms wearers out of bed, out of the front door and heading into the office – or maybe they’ll just get an extra-thick duvet instead and stay in bed without the heating on!  After losing her ill-advised defamation case against Coleen Rooney – not to mention the £3million price tag that comes with it – Rebekah Vardy’s been doing interviews criticising the judge for not understanding the case and claiming the justice system has let her down. Are these the desperate flailings of someone completely deluded, or is this just her way of ensuring she recoups her losses through interviews – no doubt with a film to follow? Sometimes in the celebrity world maybe you can still win even when you lose! It is all in the genes, or in this case the running shorts. Eilish McColgan, daughter of Liz McColgan, won gold at the Commonwealth Games in the women’s 10,000m, just as her mother had done back in 1990. An incredible moment and an incredible feat. And if that was not thrilling enough, Gina Kennedy became the first English woman to win a Commonwealth squash singles title after beating Canada’s Hollie Naughton. Hot on the heels of the Lionesses’ victory it seems that the ladies are continuing to make sporting history.  