For Britons who have ever dreamed of upping sticks and moving to Cornwall, a new show on Channel 4, Finding The Cornish Dream, could just be the incentive you need to make the move. OnTheMarket has partnered with MediaCom UK, Flicker Productions and Channel 4 to create the observational TV series which showcases the lives of local estate agents, the stunning homes for sale in Cornwall and the sometimes challenging process of buying a property. During lockdown, a new trend emerged where homeowners were seen moving away from cities and built-up areas to more rural and coastal locations where they could enjoy more space and a slower pace of life. The popular county in the South West was named one of the most-searched for places to live in Britain for movers - and it’s easy to see why. Blessed with miles of gorgeous beaches, a plethora of Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and picturesque towns and villages, who wouldn’t be attracted to this magnificent corner of the country? In fact, figures from OnTheMarket have revealed exclusively to Express.co.uk that sales enquiries for property for sale in Cornwall increased by 67 percent between 2019 and 2021. So what is the Cornish dream, and why should buyers who are looking to move to the county take the plunge? “The people here are very friendly. It’s a relaxed lifestyle, definitely,” explained Hilary Rhodes, a property advisor at Webbers, one of the leading estate agents for Cornwall, Devon and Somerset. Having lived in Launceston for many years, Hilary said the county is a “lovely place to live”, adding, “I certainly won’t be moving!” READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals' One of Cornwall’s main attractions is the amount of space it has to offer people and the natural beauty of the surroundings. “It’s the beauty of the moorlands, the beaches and the rivers,” Hilary told Express.co.uk. “It’s also the space you have everywhere on the moorlands, in the fields. It’s the clarity of the light and the warmth because we’re so far south. “You can go to the beach after work. How many people can do that? I look at people here on holiday and hear them on the beach and I think ‘you’ve only got this for two weeks’. “Even in the winter, it really is beautiful. You can walk the coast path, the sea is crashing and the wind is blowing. It’s beautiful but in a totally different way. “You’ve got this beauty all year round, and you’ve got communities that are still friendly and supportive. It’s also a lovely place to raise children.”  DON'T MISS'Worst thing you can do': How to avoid ruining garden in hosepipe ban [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer student buyers increase house value by £44k [ANALYSIS] Andrew Body, a partner at chartered surveyors, estate agents, valuers and auctioneers, Lodge & Thomas, isn’t originally from Cornwall but has lived in the county for more than 50 years. “It’s not often I go very far,” he said. Andrew, who has more than 30 years’ experience in the industry, spent three years in London completing his degree but couldn’t wait to return to the county. “At every opportunity I could, I would come back to Cornwall because it was a place I loved and wanted to be,” he said. “As soon as I finished, I was fortunate enough to get a job with this firm.” Like Hilary, Andrew agrees that Cornwall has a more “relaxed” pace of life compared to other parts of the country, with its main appeal being beautiful coastlines and breath-taking countryside. He also agreed that the people of Cornwall are generally “friendly”. “People are friendly - I like to think we’re all very friendly here! Generally, it’s a great place to be,” he added. Andrew highlighted that for a lot of people, moving to Cornwall has always been an intention at the back of their minds but the pandemic has pushed forward those plans. He said: “I think there’s an awful lot of people who have moved down here from out of county who probably have been here many times before on holiday, and the intention has been to move here eventually and the pandemic just sped that up. “They’ve thought about it earlier than they would have done otherwise. They also have the technology to be able to work from home and do what they do from down here. “‘When we get to 60 we will retire and go to Cornwall’. But there’s an awful lot of people who have gotten to their forties, mid-forties and early fifties who have just thought, ‘we can do it now. We can still do our work, let’s go’.” If you’re looking to live the Cornish dream, check out some of these properties listed with OnTheMarket around Cornwall: Location: Carbis Bay, Near St Ives Price: Offers over £1million Constructed in 2021, this exquisite architect-designed property has three bathrooms, plenty of parking, a professionally landscaped garden and is within walking distance to a beach. The property backs onto woodlands and is tucked away in a sought-after cut-de-sac. There are also views of the sea from upstairs. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  The home is modern and spacious with unique decor, a stunning kitchen and a separate utility room. Location: Halwyn, Nr. Porthallow Beach, Manaccan, Lizard Peninsula Price: £795,000 Located in a peaceful coastal hamlet, this former farmhouse is within walking distance to a beach and has sailing facilities nearby. The property is generously-sized and set on around 0.3 of an acre of gardens in a picturesque valley close to clifftop walks. The property’s decor is neutral throughout with modern bathrooms perfectly accenting the home’s more traditional features. Location: Bude, Cornwall Price: £950,000 This modern property is arranged over three floors with off-road parking and a carport, an enclosed landscaped rear garden, balconies, two reception rooms and three bathrooms. The property has been finished to an exceptionally high standard and is within walking distance to the town centre, beach, canal and coast path. The home also includes solar PV panels, a car-port and is incredibly energy efficient with an EPC rating of B. Finding The Cornish Dream will air on August 27 at 5.30pm on Channel 4.