Boris Johnson has seen a flurry of support from grassroots Tory voters hoping he could be included in the final Tory leadership ballot alongside Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. Bring Back Boris activist Alex Story insisted the campaign for the inclusion of the incumbent Prime Minister is to ensure Tory voters have a proper say about their next leaders. Asked about Mr Johnson's chances to feature on the ballot, Mr Story told GB News host Nigel Farage: "It’s always good to hope. "What’s been interesting about the entire process is that if we go back over the last two decades, we know when Tony Blair resigned people cheered, when David Cameron resigned people shrugged their shoulders, when Theresa May resigned there was an intense sigh of relief from most of the population. "But when Boris was forced to resign, 14,000 letters were sent by members of the public to Conservative Campaign Headquarters (CCHQ). “But then I think the interesting thing is the spark that was led by Lord Peter Cruddas because by doing that he enabled people to say, hang on this thing was forced on us. "We have a Prime Minister whose flaws were known.” JUST IN: Interest rates LIVE: Mortgage hell as Bank of England announces biggest hike for 27 YEARS Mr Farage cut in: "The majority of the country think the Prime Minister is a liar.” Mr Story replied: "I think that most people would say that most people politicians are liars.” The former Brexit Party leader pointed out: "I’ve never in my experience heard that word used as openly and as repeatedly as it is about Johnson.” The Bring Back Boris campaigner continued: "The only thing we’re asking is for a vote. READ MORE: EU travel set to 'get a lot more complicated' - new rules Brits must follow in 2023 "You’ve been extremely successful at asking for a vote because people and experts were telling you Europe isn’t an issue and it’s very different when you have an actual say. “You know there is a difference between an actual election and an opinion poll. “The only thing we’re asking is simply could we have a ballot of the membership. “Do you we think that the Prime Minister should be treated this way and should he resign.” DON'T MISS:Scotland faces paying MORE income tax than rest of UK under SNP [INSIGHT]John Curtice issues major Tory leadership warning to Liz Truss [UPDATE]Truss slammed for Sturgeon comments - 'She's swung the pendulum' [REACTION] Boris Johnson was forced to resign last month after a flurry of resignations of Cabinet members, PPEs, and government envoys. The resignation, which Johnson loyalist Nadine Dorries branded "a coup", resulted in the start of the ongoing Tory leadership context expected to end on September 5. At the moment, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, whose own resignation delivered a significant blow to Boris Johnson, are currently the only names expected to be included on the final ballot.