According to Hillarys, colours are a huge factor in the way minds react to the environment. Different colours, shades, hues and transparencies all affect mood. Hillarys Product Manager, Hannah Cooley, said: “You may be questioning why you’re having trouble sleeping at night and the answer may be staring you in the face…the colour of your bedroom walls. “In order to get a good night’s sleep, you’ll want to avoid any bright and intense colours in your bedroom and focus on soft, dusty tones to promote relaxation and help you doze off. “Blue lowers your heart rate making it easier for you to fall asleep. “It’s such a classic colour that a lot of people turn to as their bathroom colour because a lot of shades are named after the sea, such as ocean blue or marine blue. “However, there are paler tones which are perfect for the bedroom and your sleep pattern.” READ MORE: 'It's brilliant!' Mrs Hinch fans share best ways to clean leather sofa The expert said to avoid using purple in the bedroom. According to Hannah, it may provoke vivid dreams and nightmares due to its distracting effects. She continued: “Winding down is so important in your daily routine, helping you detach from whatever life is throwing at you. “When we are stressed, we often turn to activities that distract us from the issue as a kind of coping mechanism. DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now [COMMENT]Top 10 gardening jobs for August - from pruning to mowing lawn [EXPERT]Monty Don shares job to ‘do now’ to ‘extend’ tomato harvesting period [INSIGHT] “The living room is a key room that absorbs most of the daily stress you may bring home, so it's important to style it so it deflects any negativity.” Although neutral and earthy ones are trendy, Hannah recommended staying away from dark brown in the living room. She explained: “Dark brown is associated with negativity and can feel gloomy in your room, so it probably won’t help when you aren’t feeling the best.” Hannah recommended decorating the home in some “instant mood lifting” colours. READ MORE: Five turn-offs that could make your home harder to sell This included going for greens around the home. The expert said: “The bathroom is one of the first rooms we go to once we wake up so it’s good to catch that bad mood as soon as it starts. “Decorate your bathroom with houseplants and green accessories such as your bathmats, soap dispenser and towels. “These are all small changes that can have a huge impact on your mood. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Green is a colour that has been favoured for its refreshing quality, so it’s perfect to look at when you wake up.” It was also recommended to avoid red around the home. Hannah said it can be “quite intense” and “heighten feelings of aggression” and stress. Instead, colours such as white or light beige can make a room feel calm and bigger than it actually is.