Last month, Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall attended the Sandringham Flower Show, which is held at Sandringham House. The event has been held at the Queen's estate every year, although it has been cancelled for the past two years due to the Covid pandemic. During this year's event, a bald eagle, mascot of the Army Air Corps, flexed her 6ft wings at the Duchess and Princess Charles and "jumped" at them. According to royal expert royal author Angela Levin, the incident proves why the couple has to "always be on guard" for the unexpected. Speaking on GB News, Ms Levin discussed the Sandringham incident. "Charles and Camilla went to Sandringham Flower show, which is their best show of the year. "They absolutely love it. "They go round and there's lots of people showing animals, and all that sort of thing. "There was a trainer with this eagle, and the eagle suddenly let rip, jumped out [at Charles and Camilla]." READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s unearthed candid letter to herself about ‘brutal mental battle’ She added the eagle was "still tied" but "tried to go right at them." Ms Levin said: "Their astonishment on their faces is, indicative to me, that they always have to be on guard. "They don't know whatever is going to happen." She noted that the incident is a very "interesting way" to see that the couple are "never off their guard". READ MORE: Prince Andrew and Fergie advised 'to do away with any controversy' in financial dispute This is the second time this type of incident has happened to the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall. Two years ago at the show, Charles had to dodge to avoid getting clipped by the impressive wings of another eagle while holding her on his arm. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are regulars at the flower show. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [REPORT] 'Very painful time' Queen's mother 'left alone' to deal with loss [REVEAL] Queen warned Harry's mention of royals in book 'would be razor sharp' [INSIGHT] Before she passed away in 2002, the Queen Mother loved attending the Sandringham Flower Show. The Queen has only attended the event once, in 1987. This is due to the fact she spends her summers, away from London, at Balmoral Castle. READ NEXT: