Royal brides are lent a tiara by the Queen for their royal wedding days, and Kate Middleton certainly picked a good one. Now famed for her timeless dress sense, Kate's royal wedding tiara was a key signal of what was to come for the fashion icon. The Cartier Halo Tiara is a relatively small royal tiara characterised by its intricate scrollwork, and it is encrusted with plenty of diamonds. Jon White, Director of leading precious metals buyer Gold-Traders, said: “When the Duchess of Cambridge first arrived at Westminster Abbey donning the dazzling Cartier Halo Tiara, the world was stunned by how well the piece complemented the royal bride. "The tiara includes 739 brilliant diamonds and 149 baton diamonds, dating back to 1936. "The Cartier piece was commissioned by King George VI for the Queen Mother and has since been worn by Princess Margaret and the Princess Royal as well. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma  "It's simple, yet elegant design perfectly complimented Kate’s bridal gown.” Jewellery experts estimate the Cartier Halo Tiara is worth in excess of £1million. Kate's decision to wear the tiara on her big day delighted royal fans, as the piece had never been worn for a royal wedding before. While the current Queen has never been pictured wearing the piece publicly, it is thought to be very precious to the monarch as she was gifted it by her parents on her 18th birthday.  Kate wore the tiara perched on top of her veil, which was adorned with hand-embroidered flowers. The Cartier Halo Tiara also greatly complemented the flowery lace that covered the bodice of Kate's dress. Kate's wedding dress was designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, and the lace designs included in Kate's wedding ensemble included roses, thistles, daffodils and shamrocks - the four flowers of the UK nations. Since her wedding day, Kate has not been pictured publicly wearing the Cartier Halo Tiara.  DON'T MISS:Poltimore Tiara: 'Rebellious' Margaret's stunning wedding diadem [PICTURES]Queen Rania broke tradition at wedding with royal style standards [ANALYSIS]Meander Tiara: Zara Tindall's 'glamorous' wedding tribute to Philip [INSIGHT] Instead, she often opts for the Lover's Knot Tiara, a pearl piece that was beloved by the late Princess Diana. Kate has also previously worn the Lotus Flower Tiara from the Queen's collection for state banquets. As Princess Anne was pictured wearing the Cartier Halo Tiara in her younger years, it stands to reason that Kate's daughter Princess Charlotte may one day wear the piece. Charlotte will also likely be able to wear the Spencer Tiara that belongs to the family of her late grandmother, Princess Diana. 