Prince Harry, 37, and Prince William, 40, were only 15 and 12 when they lost their mother in August 1997. Speaking on GB News, the BBC's former royal correspondent Jennie Bond, Princess Diana would be "absolutely distraught" that her two sons have been feuding and claimed that, if she were still alive, she would have "just sorted them out". GB News host Anne Diamond said: "If she were still around, hopefully she would have avoided that whole problem." Speaking to Anne and her co-host Stephen Dixon, Ms Bond said: "I think she would have sorted them out somehow. "I don't think this feud would have happened. "Or [at least] got so bad." READ MORE: ‘Complex like Diana’ Prince Harry is ‘very much the Spencer’ compared to William Ms Bond added that Diana would be "absolutely distraught" that Prince William and Prince Harry are "still feuding". Speaking earlier this year, royal commentator Natalie Oliveri spoke on 9Honey about author Andrew Morton's comments regarding Diana's friends stating that the late princess would be "deeply saddened" about Harry and William's tensions. She added: "He was asked recently about what he thinks about the fued between Prince William and Prince Harry, now he says Diana would be incredibly saddened by how things have been playing out, as of late. "She'd be mortified that William and Harry have got themselves into, what he calls, an emotional tangle." READ MORE: Princess Diana eavesdropped on Prince Charles telling Camilla he would 'always' love her The royal expert added that Andrew claimed "Diana believed Harry was William's wingman" and was "there to support William from day one." Despite their fued, in July 2021, William and Harry came together for the first time since the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral for the unveiling of their mother's statue. The unveiling happened on the day which marked what would been Diana's 60th birthday. DON'T MISS Earlier this month, rooyal author Phil Dampier said, writing on Twitter, that he "can't see any chance of a reconciliation between the Sussexes and the Cambridges until Harry's book is out of the way." He added that the book is "likely to make things worse!". READ NEXT: