Soham killer Ian Huntley's ex-fiancee Maxine Carr broke into a fit of laughter when speaking about the girls in the past tense. The ex-classroom assistant was found guilty of conspiring to pervert the course of justice with Huntley who killed the two schoolgirls on August 4, 2002. She gave him a false alibi when she insisted he was with him the weekend the two 10 years olds were killed. In the unearthed clip, Carr said the girls "always used to come up to me and confide in me and show me their boyfriends". She added that Jessica was "very funny" while Holly "was just like a little angel". During the interview with journalist Rachael Dane, Carr was stopped by cameraman Shaun Whitemore who pointed out the assistant was speaking in the past tense. Carr laughed off the comment before continuing the interview in the present tense. READ MORE: Britons fume at 'sinister' EU plans to halt UK passport stamps  But she was caught speaking about the children again in the past tense. She said Jessica "never looked feminine, she always looked more tomboyish". The footage was then shown to the jury in the Carr and Huntley trials. Carr explained to the court she gave Huntley an alibi because she did not believe he would have killed the girls. She said: "I just knew Ian, I knew he wouldn't have done anything like that. "I would have been out of that house like a shot. "Straight to the police or straight to the nearest person to tell them." Her QC Michael Hubbard had insisted: "She shared the same bed as Huntley. DON'T MISS Soham murderer Ian Huntley revealed horrific details [INSIGHT]Ian Huntley 'tried to convince police he was mad' in chilling footage [ANALYSIS]Ian Huntley’s visit to Peter Sutcliffe’s cell in prison [VIDEO] "Would she have allowed the hand that had drowned Holly and killed Jessica, on his account, to wander over her body on the succeeding days? It's against every female instinct, isn't it? "Did she know or believe he had killed those children? On the evidence, no." Carr went on to serve 21 months of her three-and-a-half year sentence for perverting the course of justice. Carr, who is protected by a lifelong anonymity order, lives under an alias.