After Nick Kyrgios won the Citi Open in Washington - his first ATP Tour tournament triumph since 2019 - Novak Djokovic took to social media to give the Australian a tip on how to claim a Grand Slam title. Djokovic defeated Kyrgios 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6 (7-3) in the Wimbledon final last month to claim the 21st major crown of his career. Kyrgios captivated fans around the world during his run to the Wimbledon final, enthralling fans with spectacularly entertaining wins over Stefanos Tsitsipas and Cristian Garin. The Australian is renowned for his on-court antics and outbursts as well as his press conferences as much as he is known for his sensational shot-making ability. At Wimbledon, Kyrgios enjoyed his best-ever performance at a Grand Slam as he reached his first ever major final and he followed that up with a stirring performance in Washington. He defeated Japanese star Yoshihito Nishioka 6-4 6-3 in the final and did not drop a service game in the entire tournament. The win - his seventh career title - means he climbs from 63rd to 37th in the ATP rankings. It was also Kyrgios’ first win since he won the same tournament in 2019, and he followed it up with doubles success alongside Jack Sock as the duo defeated Ivan Dodig and Austin Krajicek 7-5 6-4. READ MORE: Federer comeback latest as tennis legend turns 41 and retirement nears After securing the win over Nishioka, Kyrgios put up a post of photos with the caption: “WASHINGTON WHAT A WEEK” - which featured a number of emojis, including a pair of trophies to represent his wins. Djokovic commented on the post, congratulating Kyrgios before suggesting how he can become a Grand Slam champion. “Congrats man! What a week,” Djokovic wrote. “Just add Capoeira training to your regiment and you will get a Grand Slam.” Djokovic recommended Kyrgios tries capoeira - a Brazilian martial art that combines elements of dance, acrobatics, and music - if he is to claim a major title. However, it was the Australian’s serve that was staggeringly dominant throughout the tournament, getting through 64 matches in the tournament without being broken once. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios in 'incredible transformation' and left 'very emotional'Kyrgios copies Federer and Nadal feat Djokovic has never matchedDjokovic defended by tennis star in comment about Nadal and Federer The sensational week in the American capital continues a career-best year for Kyrgios after reaching his first career Grand Slam final at Wimbledon. His performance means Kyrgios is improving his seeding for the US Open, with big tournaments in Montreal and Cincinnati to come. “To see where I was at last year to now, it’s just an incredible transformation,” Kyrgios said in a post-match interview. “I just came out with great energy. I knew that I had experience on my side today. I love this court, I’ve played so many good matches here, so I’m just really happy with myself. “I’ve been in some really dark places. Just to be able to turn it around ... there are so many people who have helped me get there, but myself, I’ve shown some serious strength to just continue and persevere and get through all those times and be able to still perform and win tournaments like this one.” The US Open begins on 29 August in New York.