Tottenham manager Antonio Conte has provided fans with three reasons why he could stick around beyond this season. The Italian, who has a reputation for success in short bursts with various sides, has one more year remaining on his Spurs contract amid a frivolous summer spending spree that has landed him with a competitive squad. Conte reportedly demanded a host of new signings this summer after dragging his team to fourth spot last campaign. The Tottenham hierarchy will have been well aware of his past which, among other things, saw him walk away from Inter Milan straight after winning the league title due to a lack of transfer ambition. Spurs delivered quickly and effectively with six new signings already getting comfortable in north London. While the boss has acknowledged that more arrivals would be welcomed if the opportunity comes about, fans will soon switch focus to keeping hold of the Italian who, as it stands, is due to leave at the end of the season. "I have to be honest, in my career the contract was never important," said Conte. "I didn't need to sign contracts for one, two or three years. For the club it could also be a weight. I'm happy, I'm happy. We're working really well together. It's not that one year on the contract more or less can change the situation. JUST IN: Tottenham 'plotting move' for Adama Traore if Antonio Conte 'dream' signing falls through "For sure we want to continue to improve, to build something important for this club. If the idea continues to be in this way, there will be zero problems to continue my life in Tottenham because I stay well and I like this group of players and I have a good relationship with Paratici and with Daniel Levy. "I repeat that I'm not a coach who needs to sign a contract for money. I don't need that. In this moment I don't need this. I need to have enthusiasm and the passion for this role." With contract negotiations set to take place this campaign, it seems as though healthy dynamics between Conte, Levy, Paratici and the players will be used to the Lilywhites' advantage. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel to be denied his 'dream' target in setback Harry Kane is a player thought to be relishing his time under Conte, and Spurs fans will invariably be desperate to see their talisman put pen to paper on a new deal as soon as possible. The England captain has been linked with Bayern Munich in recent weeks, with club chief Oliver Kahn admitting that putting together a deal for Kane is 'a dream for the future'. The 29-year-old only has two years remaining on his lucrative contract, while his future could depend on whether Conte decides to stay for the long haul. The boss addressed Kane's situation shortly after discussing his own, as well as an update on Ben Davies who recently committed his future to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium for another three years. "Ben Davies deserved to sign a new contract because last season he played in an outstanding way and he's a really good guy," he added. "He's always positive and to have a player like him in your starting XI or on the bench at this level I think is important. "Then for sure the club will want to try to renew the contract of their best players. You know very well that Harry is for us is an important player, but I see him very happy. I see him happy. His feelings are positive but at the same time we have to understand that if we want to reach something important we have to fight in every game."