As Elvis Week 2022 marks 45 years since Elvis Presley’s death, Graceland have been hosting conversations with the likes of Priscilla Presley and Memphis Mafia member Jerry Schilling. And as usual Joel Weinshanker, managing partner of Elvis Presley Enterprises, teased what’s coming up in the Elvis world in the future. Joel began by joking about how he couldn't share any news without getting in trouble, before unveiling that the four hour cut of Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis movie starring Austin Butler and Tom Hanks could well get a release. He said: “I don’t want you to ask me about the four hour version of the Elvis movie. We cannot talk about that ok? Now, by the way, there is a rule about that, of something that doesn’t exist because we’re not talking about it.” The Graceland boss said that the director’s cut would only be released on one condition. Joel added: “If and when that were to happen, and I have no idea if it’s going to, the requirement’s going to be you’re going to have seen the movie in the theatre at least twice. And the second time, brought someone who’s not an Elvis fan yet okay? So not to say that any of this is going to happen, but these are the things we really can’t talk about.” Earlier this summer, Baz teased his four hour director's cut, which is 1 hour and 21 minutes longer than the version in cinemas. READ MORE: Elvis death 45th: Lisa Marie's touching final moment with The King Speaking with Radio Times, Baz shared moments from Elvis’ 42 year life that he’d have liked to have included in the theatrical cut. The director said: “I would have liked to lean into some of the other things more – there's so much more. I mean, there's lots of stuff that I shot like the relationship with the band, I had to pare [that] down – and it's so interesting how the Colonel [Tom Parker, played by Tom Hanks] gets rid of them. The relationship with his first girlfriend, Dixie, you know. And later on how... once he's caught in a trap, and he's discombobulated and doesn't understand... someone who's got such a hole in his heart like Elvis constantly looking and searching for love and finding it on stage but nowhere else.” DON'T MISSElvis final day and heartbreaking plans: 'He was so excited' [FINAL DAY]Elvis new doc ‘will tell the truth’ says 68 Comeback special director [ELVIS NEW DOC]Elvis Presley's never-before-heard tracks get release date [ELVIS ON TOUR] Baz’s longer version also looks at Elvis’ barbiturates addiction and the “wackadoo” things he did as a result. Additionally, The King’s meeting with President Richard Nixon in the White House’s Oval Office was filmed. Here’s hoping the four hour director’s cut does indeed see the light of day. SOURCE