Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola insists there will be no more spending in the transfer window with Sergio Gomez the final addition to his squad to defend the Premier League title. City have performed a U-turn on the Spain under-21 international, signed this week for £11million from Anderlecht. They originally felt that he was ‘a development player’ who could go straight out on loan. But he will now stay within Guardiola's squad in an effort to have an immediate impact. Earlier this week the club suggested after missing out on Brighton’s Marc Cucurella that they were still in the market for a first-team left-back. But after a glowing recommendation from City legend Vincent Kompany who coached Gomez in Belgium, Guardiola believes he has his man. “I spoke to Vinny about him and he has to improve in some departments, that’s why he’s 21 and he’s going to improve. But he’s perfect for what he need,” he said. “We don’t have a big squad but we have some players who play in different positions quite well. That’s why the moment we decide for Sergio, the debate for another left-back was over. “He was No 10 but had the quality to do it in the small pockets in the middle and now he can adapt in that position. Cruyff told me all the time that when a winger can play at left-back they will be the best left-back. Sergio is so young and so open to learn.” Guardiola added of Gomez: “In the under-17 World Cup years ago the best player was [Phil] Foden and he [Gomez] was the second best player. He played for Spain Under-21s. “A young talented player from the Barcelona academy, went to [Borussia] Dortmund but didn't have many minutes and in the last year played in good hands under Kompany [at Anderlecht]. “He played well, we targeted him to bring him here. He's for now, he will stay with us, the squad, alongside Joao [Cancelo], Josh [Wilson-Esbrand] and him for the left-backs, he'll stay with us.” Guardiola is happy to call time on the transfer window as long as no one else leaves with Barcelona still circling Bernardo Silva. The City boss reiterated his desire to keep the midfielder. “110 per cent I want him to stay. I love him. I go weak when I talk about him and he knows how much we want him,” he said.