Investigating Diana: Death in Paris will be broadcast on Channel 4 later this month to coincide with the anniversary of Diana's death in a Paris car crash in 1997. The four-part documentary will look at the conspiracy theories which producers say they want to “put to rest”. Sources confirmed to the Telegraph that neither the Duke of Cambridge nor the Duke of Sussex were consulted about the series or shown a preview. The documentary will "tell for the first time the full story" of investigations by the French Brigade Criminelle and the Met Police into Diana's death. It will feature interviews with detectives from both forces with some speaking out for the first time. The series will "explore how both investigations grappled to separate fact from speculation". It will "examine the public’s insatiable demand for answers, which fuelled unprecedented press interest and the proliferation of online chatrooms, where speculation on the 'real cause' of Diana’s death became one of the first viral sensations of the early internet". It will also look at "how powerful individuals, the press and the internet created and fuelled conspiracy theories that overwhelmed facts and called into question the very nature of truth". The documentary, a co-production between Channel 4 and Sandpaper Films, will be "told as a gripping and forensic police procedural". Henry Singer, executive producer for Sandpaper Films, said: “This was a really important series to make - not only because we hope it will lay to rest the conspiracy theories that continue to obscure the truth of what happened in the Alma tunnel that night - but because the story is a window into the world today, where conspiracy theories are no longer reside in the dark corners of the internet but have gone mainstream and are actually pushed by people in positions of real power."  Shaminder Nahal, head of specialist factual and commissioning editor at Channel 4 added: “This utterly compelling series explores in forensic detail what happened in the investigations following the death of Princess Diana - what it was like for the detectives working on a huge global news story that was not just a tragedy for the families involved, but a massive internet phenomenon too. "In the end the series asks profound questions about ourselves as a society, and the nature of truth.” A number of conspiracy theories circulated in the wake of Diana's tragic death but they were all discredited. A six-month inquest in 2007 concluded that the deaths of Diana, her partner Dodi Al Fayed and their chauffeur Henri Paul had been caused by “grossly negligent driving”. The jury found they had been unlawfully killed by a combination of the driving of their Mercedes by Mr Paul, his impairment through alcohol, the manner of the paparazzi driving behind and the fact that they were not wearing seatbelts. William and Harry, who are aged 15 and 12 when their mother died in the accident, said they agreed with the decision in a statement at the time. The brothers, who have been embroiled in an ongoing rift, came together for the unveiling of a statue of Diana at Kensington Palace last August. 