Bread is a grocery staple for many British households, yet if not stored correctly it can turn mouldy in a matter of days. WikiHow suggests bread stored in a "warm, dark place" will grow mould in "seven to 10 days".  Supermarket-bought bread sometimes has preservatives included to extend the product's shelf life. Fresh bread bought from a supermarket, bakery or made at home might go mouldy at a more rapid pace. However, how and where you store your bread could help to keep it fresh for longer, which can, in turn, save you money. Posting to a Reddit forum dedicated to food storage hacks, a user recommended freezing your bread, especially if it is fresh. READ MORE: Use vinegar and kitchen roll to prevent food from going stale  They explained: "Just a tip: freeze your bakery bread, it still tastes pretty much the same once thawed. "The earlier you freeze it after buying the fresher it tastes once thawed." If your bread is not pre-sliced, the user recommends slicing your bread before popping it in the freezer. This way you won't need to defrost the entire loaf, but can simply defrost slices as you need them.  They added: "Obviously the longer it stays in the freezer the more the quality will deteriorate. "It will dry out, especially if sliced, but it's terrific for extending the life of your bread for a few days without much of a noticeable drop in quality." To thaw your bread, simply remove it from the freezer and let it thaw for between one and three hours. You can also store your frozen bread in the refrigerator overnight to thaw it slowly. If you are wanting to make toast, you can do so straight from the freezer. Simply pop your frozen slice of bread into the toaster slot and wait. A TikTok user named @becksavesmoney has shared a savvy food hack to defrost bread in just 30 seconds. The TikTok user said: "So, the other week I bought these breadcakes from Asda. It was a 24-pack and I got them for 30p and decided to freeze them. DON'T MISSFour-month warning for pub-goers who drink pints of beer [REPORT]Starbucks secrets: Real reason why they spell your name wrong on cups [INSIGHT]Joe Wicks shares 'tastiest' salmon recipe he's ever made  [INTERVIEW] "I've woken up this morning and all my bread is mouldy so I've resorted to the stuff in the freezer." She continued: "You need to wet a paper towel until it's damp. "Put [the bread roll] in the microwave with the damp towel over the top." In the video, she can be seen turning on the microwave on for half a minute. The expert added: "Thirty seconds and voila, defrosted bread."