Prince William is reportedly “keen” for his work to have “an impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble”, according to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s biographer Omid Scobie. Writing for Yahoo, Mr Scobie said: “A steady stream of orchestrated appearances from George, Charlotte and Louis – and William and Kate’s efforts during the pandemic – has helped the Cambridges’ popularity rise. “And it seems Kensington Palace is now hoping they can do the same in the US. READ MORE: William 'set to follow' in Harry's footsteps 'out of royal bubble' “It’s why William sat down with People magazine, still one of the country’s most read magazines, last summer for a rare interview. “’William is keen for his work to be seen and have impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble’ a source tells me. “The charitable landscape in America is huge and he wants to have a presence.” In response, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 1pm on Thursday, July 28, to midday on Tuesday, August 2, asking readers: “Should Prince William try to raise his profile in the US?” In total, 4,651 people cast their votes and readers were divided with 50 percent (2,306 people) answering “no”, William should not try and raise his profile in the US. Meanwhile, 47 percent (2,183 people) said he should and just three percent (162 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on William’s presence in the US. Many commented that William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, already had a good reputation in the US and did not need to do anything more. One reader, username 3211741 said: “As they will be the heads of the British Royal Family, I don't believe they need to do anything more than they are currently doing.” Username Milton keynes mum said: “He is going to give out the Earthshot Prize, that is all he needs to do, do not try to make him more important than that for the Americans. “Everyone knows who William and Catherine are, they do not need to ‘up their profile’ they are who they are.” Another, username byliner1 wrote: “William's profile is already fine here in the US. William and Catherine will be warmly welcomed here.” And username MrsMitchell wrote: “No need – normal Americans know who Prince William and his wife are and have great respect for the couple.” While username Tgs5995 said: “No! Prince William and Catherine are highly respected in America but should not get too involved with the US.” Meanwhile, some readers argued that William should make an effort to raise his profile in the US. Username squashdown said: “I feel they need to see how real monarchs work and behave and I can think of none better than Catherine and William.” DON'T MISS: Royal fan meltdown over new photos of Charlotte [PICTURES]Kate and William told to 'channel more Princess Anne' in work [INSIGHT]Charlotte cheeky as she is spotted with tongue out on rare outing [LATEST] Another, username Beehive said: “Absolutely. The USA seems to like our royal history, so we need to send over a proper royal.” William and Kate are due to travel to Boston, Massachusetts in December for the Earthshot Prize awards. William, who is on the prize council, is expected to present the “most prestigious global prize for the environment in history” to award winners. The couple last visited the US in 2014 on a trip to New York City for diplomatic and personal events. Mr Scobie suggested their visit could involve other royal engagements in Boston and claimed a trip to Washington DC could happen.