Charles Leclerc believes his performances during the first half of the 2022 season have been his ‘strongest in F1’ after the Ferrari star won three races. Leclerc got his season off to a flying start with wins in Bahrain and Australia, but he has been hampered by errors and mechanical failures. Ferrari have built the fastest car on average for the new era of regulations in F1, but the first half of the season saw the team make a number of strategy mistakes and operational errors. Leclerc has retired from two races with engine failures while in the lead, and the Monegasque star even crashed out from the French Grand Prix while at the front. Leclerc has demonstrated impressive pace this season, taking seven pole positions while outperforming Carlos Sainz on a regular basis. As a result, the 24-year-old is pleased with his performances in 2022 despite his waning title bid. “I really feel like this first part of the season has been my strongest in F1 and I think the way I have worked,” Leclerc told BBC Sport. “The way we have worked as a team – in terms of finding the right set-up, in terms of building up to the qualifying lap in Q3, or just preparing the race – has been the best I have ever done in F1.” READ MORE: Ricciardo says F1 star's career 'seemed over' amid McLaren uncertainty Both Ferrari and Leclerc’s respective title challenges have been somewhat derailed by various factors. The team have suffered technical issues while grid penalties and tactical errors have also led to their drivers missing out on points. Leclerc has made errors himself, spinning out of a potential podium finish at Imola as well as his Le Castellet disaster. However, the Ferrari ace is confident his pace showcases his overall approach and mentality does not need to change heading into the second half of the season. “There is no need for me to change that approach,” Leclerc added. “Again, try and grow from the mistakes of the first half, but try and perform as well as the first half, because the performance I've given, I'm extremely happy about. And this I want to keep. DON'T MISSHamilton savaged in sarcastic comment as Mansell bigs up RussellFerrari told Binotto is 'not the one' to blame after recent disastersLewis Hamilton shows off ripped body and sculpted abs in gym clip “So there won't be any significant change. We just need to try and work as a team to put a weekend together for the nine remaining races and see where we end up.” Red Bull star and reigning world champion Verstappen holds a 80-point lead over Leclerc in the Drivers’ Championship, while Ferrari trail the Milton Keynes-based team by 97 points in the Constructors’ Championship. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 28 after the four-week summer break.