Ridley is the latest ITV drama following in the footsteps of Vera and it stars Adrian Dunbar as the title character. The retired detective is called back to work as a consultant on a missing person case, which turns very dark.The cast and crew spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the filming experience. Detective Inspector Alex Ridley retired from the police after years of dedicated service. His replacement is DI Carol Farman (Bronagh Waugh), his former protégée, and she enlists him on a complex murder case. Turning to her old mentor for guidance, the pair revive their formidable and successful partnership. The series was filmed in Lancashire in the UK, and actress Bronagh said it gave the series a "kind of gritty feel". She said: "It's not your urban cop drama, it's small, it's about people, and you get to kind of know those people because Ridley is able to do that, because of his consultancy role." READ MORE: Ridley's Bronagh Waugh was 'mortified' meeting Martin Compston Jonathan Fisher, who co-created the series, said Lancashire was not the only location they looked into. He said: "We were really quite lucky in that this wasn't based on a series of books, it's an original idea. "So ultimately we can choose where to film it I think we liked the idea of the windswept look, that northern noir. "That could in some way reflect the isolation of the character of Ridley when we first meet him and we felt Lancashire really gave us that. "It was one of probably three places we looked at really seriously for this, another major element was that it was well-served by Manchester which is where we were based." Jonathan said the team was very open-minded and did consider a lot of places but they were all delighted they landed on Lancashire. "The people were very welcoming and we had a really fun time there, we had a great team so I think it worked out really well," he said. Although filming did not come without its challenges as production took place during the winter months. He explained: "It was pretty cold I would say, as the cast will attest, and it was a challenge. DON'T MISS...  Vera star addresses new job away from series 'A tough act to follow' [INTERVIEW] Ridley release date, cast, plot: When will Ridley come out on ITV? [INSIGHT] The Suspect ITV: Everything we know so far [EXPLAINER] "But it was a challenge that we all really enjoyed, as I say we had a fantastic team. "We worked really hard to crew up quite early on this so there was a great sense of team spirit. "We were probably helped by the fact we were shooting across winter as it was getting dark at half past three every day. "Therefore you get that autumnal, slightly darker feel to the drama that really elevates it." In the series Ridley lives in the rundown but picturesque town of Todmorden, which is on the Lancashire-Yorkshire border. The location provided the perfect sense of isolation as it was very beautiful but stark and bleak. The show was inspired by real-life retired detectives re-joining police forces in a consultancy role. They have taken on the job given increasingly over-stretched resources.  Ridley airs on ITV on Sunday at 8pm.