What makes the looming tempest all the more dangerous is that our ruling class seems clueless about how to respond. The politicians mouth their slogans and launch their action plans but they offer no convincing solutions that match the scale of the impending calamity. That is because they bear much of the responsibility for the mess. Fuelled by fashionable metropolitan ideology, the crisis is in large part of their own making. On so many fronts, the British public is paying a brutal price for their progressive folly. Our country has been used as a testbed for liberal theories and now the reckless experiment is dragging us to the brink of ruin. The Conservatives may have been in office for the last 12 years but on key policies like energy, immigration, public expenditure and crime they have been in thrall to the Leftwing agenda. Too often the values of the smug metropolitan elite are those which govern Britain, regardless of the electorate’s wishes. The pernicious dominance of woke dogma can be seen at perhaps its most destructive in the energy sector. Britain is fortunate in having abundant supplies of oil and gas, yet thanks to the institutional obsession with a target of net zero carbon emissions in fewer than 30 years, the public faces misery. The long-term goal of a switch from fossil fuels is laudable but it has never been planned properly by ministers, who have been more interested in winning applause from the green lobby than in upholding our national interests. So wishful thinking and virtue signalling about the impact of renewables – which last Monday only met 16 per cent of our national needs - have meant that North Sea reserves have been untapped, shale gas unfracked, nuclear plants unbuilt and storage facilities unused. The result is the prospect this winter of blackouts and £7,000 household bills, putting an impossible strain on business and household finances. The Government’s own finances are in chaos, due again to liberal folly. An attachment to sound money used to be an essential principle of Conservatism, based on the belief that the state should live within its means. But in recent years this has been comprehensively abandoned in an orgy of fiscal extravagance that has seen indebtedness reach record levels.  Even the highest levels of taxation for 70 years are not enough to sustain this prodigality, so the balance is made up by massive borrowing and money-printing. The predictable consequences have been the debasement of our currency, rising interest rates and the biggest prices surge since the 1970s. Only yesterday, Goldman Sachs bank warned that next spring inflation could reach 22 per cent. Equally out of control is immigration. Without any mandate from the public, the political class has been engaged in a social revolution by the abandonment of effective border controls. Understandably, recent attention on this issue has focused on the dramatic rise in illegal crossings of the Channel, which have already passed 24,000 this year and are on course for a record. But even more important is the phenomenal increase in the number of legal migrants arriving here. Only last week, it was revealed that over the previous 12 months the Government granted 1.12 million settlement visas to foreign nationals. Less than a third of these visas were for work, contradicting the cherished myth of the metropolitan elite that mass immigration is the route to prosperity. All this demographic upheaval puts our civic infrastructure, from the NHS to housing, under intolerable pressure.  The wreckage caused by the triumph of progressivism can be seen all around us: in the breakdown of the traditional family and the replacement of fathers by the welfare state; in the destruction of free speech at the behest of social justice warriors; in officialdom’s contempt for our cultural heritage in the name of promoting diversity. It is also clear in the police’s loss of confidence and purpose. Crimefighting used to be straightforward and our officers were the best in the world at it. But their authority has been broken by the woke creed, which treats criminals as victims of society and puts identity politics above public safety. So crime is at a record high and clear-up rates at a record low. That is just one of the ways in which we have been betrayed by the politicians. Rarely in modern times has the very fabric of our society appeared to be under such threat. 