Property experts and sibling duo, Scarlette & Stuart Douglas are back on screens each week with their brand-new show, ‘Worst House on the Street’ on Channel 4. The six-part series follows the sibling duo property developers who use their creative expertise to help families transform run down houses into dream homes without breaking the bank. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the pair shared their thoughts on what to look out for during property viewings and essential questions to ask estate agents before securing a deal. Buying a new home is a huge decision and it’s important to know what to look for when viewing a house. This includes looking beyond the interiors and judging the structure of the property. Property viewings are crucial for potential buyers as it allows them the chance to take a closer look at the property in detail and ask the important questions. So what should buyers concentrate on house viewings to help avoid huge costs once it is too late? Stuart pointed out that one of the main things to check when viewing a property is the water pressure as it could cause a big issue further down the line. Checking the water pressure may seem trivial but imagine waking up on the first morning in your new home to discover that the shower is a trickle. The expert said: “It’s little things really that people don’t really think about. When you go in [a property] turn the taps on and it gives you a good idea of the water pressure. People don’t often do that and they buy a house and then there’s absolutely zero water pressure in the house. “Then they would need to get a pump or new plumbing done and it could be added money. So little things like turning on a shower, turning on a tap, having a look for the water pressure, that’s always a good start.” READ MORE: Scarlette Douglas exposes way to raise house value by thousands These things may not make or break a potential buyer’s decision but they’re recurring expenses that will add to the monthly cost of owning a home and are important to think about. To determine the pressure, buyers can either request a plumber to look at it, or they can get a rough guide by turning your main feed tap on and off a couple of times. Scarlette also noted that it is the “little things” that buyers need to focus on, such as the condition of the boiler. She said: “Check the boiler to see if it is quite a new boiler or if it one that you might have to end up forking out more for at a later date to change over. It’s little things like that which are super important.” When looking to buy a property, it is important not to overlook utilities like boilers. Faulty boilers could lead to issues which could cost a lot of money down the line. As Scarlette mentioned, the age of a boiler can have a real bearing over how efficient it is, and how likely it is that it’ll need replacing in the near future. Modern boilers are designed to be highly efficient, while older versions can be less so. In extreme cases older boilers that are due to be replaced can even be dangerous. Talk to your seller about the age of the boiler in the property, and find out if there are any known problems such as leaks or damage to the unit. DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [INSIGHT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [TIPS] A problem with the boiler or central heating system of a property could prove incredibly expensive to fix and if buyers find a problem in advance may be able to re-negotiate the price they pay for the property. However, the property pro noted that the importance of certain features are dependent on who is looking to buy the house. For example those with a family will have different needs than those who are buying alone or without children. Scarlette said: “It also depends on who’s buying the house and what exactly they’re buying for. If it’s a family you’d want to look at what schools are close, are they good schools? Do they have good ratings? Or it might be that it is a young professional who wants to be closer to the nearest bar. It all depends on who it is that’s buying the property.” Stuart highlighted the importance of the time of day buyers decide to view a house. He explained that a property should be looked at during different times of the day in order to get the full picture. He said: “Also I think one thing that people don’t do is generally people view properties in the day and an area can be drastically different in the day in comparison to the evening. “So I would always say if you’ve found somewhere that you like and you like the look of the house and the area, drive around there at peak times. READ MORE: Estate agent advice: ‘Red flags’ to lookout for on property viewings “Drive around there at school times, when people finish work and also drive around there in the dark after hours and you’ll get to understand the neighbourhood better. You might even see things that put you off.” As well as looking round a property, it is also crucial to be asking certain questions to fully grasp the kind of house you are buying. Stuart said: “I always ask the question ‘how long has the property been on the market for’ and ‘has it been on with multiple agents’. “So normally I would ask those questions because houses that are in demand generally will have one estate agent and they won’t be on there very long when they’ve got viewing and maybe offers. “But if you’ve got a house that has been there for a while it can become stagnant and there is normally a reason for that, so I often ask, has it been sold and did it fall through? If it fell through, what were the reasons? Has it been on with multiple agents over different times? Is it priced too high?” The property expert also explained that buyers can get information about properties just by asking simple questions. Buyers are basically researching the house, the area and why it possibly hasn’t sold. Stuart added: “If it’s just gone on the market and there’s a lot of interest and people want it then you know that it is likely to be a very good house.” Scarlette suggested finding out what the neighbours are like by knocking on their door to get an opinion from them to ask “what the area is like and how long they’ve lived there for”. She said: “If people have lived in an area for a long time it’s normally a good sign that you’ve got good neighbours, it’s a good area and it’s somewhere that people would like to live.” Something that Stuart said that he likes to do before buying a property is to “check online sites to find out how many houses on that road have sold”. He said: “If there are not many, if its a desirable road, you won’t have many houses sold in that area and that is genuinely a good thing. If you’ve got lots of houses being sold, bought, sold, bought and sold there’s not really going to be that neighbourly environment. “Also if it’s an area where properties come and go all the time, it may not be as desirable as one where there’s not many that have been sold. Once people buy the property they stay there - for me that’s often a good sign. There’s so much research that you can do before you take that step and decide to buy somewhere.”