The comment came as the Duchess of Sussex said in an interview with The Cut magazine that "just by existing" she and Harry were "upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy" before they stepped down as senior working royals. Journalist Allison P. Davis asked Meghan if there was room for forgiveness between her, the royals and her own family, to which the Duchess replied: "I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. I've really made an active effort." Dr Shola told her 156,000 Twitter followers: "The best thing to happen to the Royal Family in 100 years was Princess Diana followed by Duchess Meghan Markle. "They rejected both women - real assets in a modern progressive world. "For a monarchy whose singular purpose is to 'survive' they're walking themselves into extinction." The interview with Meghan has sparked a frenzied debate over the meaning of some of her remarks.  Meghan said in the article: "Harry said to me 'I lost my dad in this process'. It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision." Some royal commentators have suggested Meghan’s comments have revealed a rift between Prince Harry and Prince Charles, with the Duke of Sussex feeling as though the relationship is "lost". Harry's relationship with his father is said to have been tense since the couple left the UK. He said during the couple's televised interview with Ms Winfrey last year that Charles had stopped taking his calls. The BBC's royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell suggested an atmosphere of weary resignation is emerging within the Royal Family as Harry and Meghan continue to make revelations in the media.  READ MORE ABOUT RUSSIA ATTACKING MI6 Penguin Random House is due to publish Harry's memoir this autumn, fuelling speculation of further revelations to come. Since stepping down as senior royals, Meghan and Harry agreed to interviews, including their sensational talk with Oprah Winfrey in which an unnamed royal was accused of racism. The institution was also accused of not helping Meghan when she had suicidal thoughts. Mr Witchell said: "It is the role of the Royal Family to be a unifying force. "Although they are not working members of the Royal Family, they are very closely identified with the Royal Family and it may be felt these views are just stirring the pot again and not terribly helpful.  DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Desperate Putin 'locks conscripts in hot room' [LATEST] Brexit LIVE: Lords prepare for 'battle' to scupper Truss master plan [REVEALED] Liz Truss to ask top Brexiteer minister end Britain's energy crisis [REPORT] "Because they are not working members of the Royal Family, there is no reaction from any of the Palaces but I suspect there would be a sense of rather weary resignation as they read these comments and try to understand them. "In some instances, they are somewhat ambiguous." He continued: "Opinion will be divided as to whether you’re a supporter and sympathetic to Meghan or not. "Those who are her supporters and there are many of them, mostly younger people, will feel that these are entirely legitimate views and that it is interesting to hear from her... Those who are less sympathetic to her may feel that a period of prolonged dignified silence would be more helpful."  Dr Shola's comments were made ahead of the 25th anniversary of Princess Diana's death in Paris. The princess was 36 when the limousine carrying her and her lover Dodi al-Fayed crashed in a tunnel below a bridge as it sped away from photographers chasing it on motorbikes. Her death plunged the monarchy into crisis, coming after the disintegration of her marriage to Prince Charles with its revelations of feuding, adultery and the misery she felt in her role as a royal.  The flag at the Princess of Wales's family home has been lowered to half mast to mark the anniversary of her death. Diana's brother Earl Spencer shared a poignant photograph of the tribute at Althorp in Northamptonshire. The princess is buried on an island in the middle of an ornamental lake, known as The Oval, on the Althorp estate. 