If this wasn’t worrying enough, we are now being told that our energy bills could rise to £3,500 a year over the winter. When we do our weekly shop, prices are going up - whether that be a loaf of bread costing over £1, or a box of 160 tea bags costing almost £3. Everything is up, up, up. The fact is that we are in very difficult times, requiring a Prime Minister who will deal with the triple whammy of threats facing our economy - cutting inflation, helping with the cost of living, and cutting our national debt. Rishi Sunak is that person. During the pandemic, thousands of my constituents and businesses across the country faced potential destitution but the furlough scheme set up in record time by Rishi saved the livelihoods of millions. We know that when times are tough, he acts. Only a few months ago, he set up a £37 billion cost of living package. This will mean eight million of the most vulnerable families will receive £1,200; 70% of households will receive a National Insurance cut; everyone will receive £400 off their energy bills, and most families will have also received an additional £150 council tax rebate. We must not forget the 5p fuel duty cut, which, along with a 12-year fuel duty freeze, means that the average driver is saving £15 every time they fill up. Rishi is right when he says that dealing with inflation must be the priority. That’s why he is honest with the public and not acting like the Father Christmas of politics, handing out presents to all, but rather being responsible with our economy and cutting taxes when the problems of inflation and the national debt are resolved. It isn’t just because of the economy why I believe that Rishi Sunak will be the right Prime Minister. It is because he sees the importance of education and skills as one of the three pillars to driving our economic growth. As Chancellor, he set up the Lifetime Skills Guarantee, established the Kickstart Scheme, and committed over £2.5 billion for skills. He understands that getting young people on the ladder of opportunity, aspiring to job security and prosperity at the top, will mean that even if times are tough, Britain and its future generations will be well placed to get through it. Trusted when times are tough, trusted to deal with the economy, trusted to help with the cost of living, and trusted to build an apprenticeship and skills nation. This is why I believe Rishi is the right man for the job.