The Duke of Sussex's much-awaited book is reportedly now complete with publication due in time for the lucrative Christmas market. However, details of the contents of the work co-authored by journalist and author J.R. Mohinger have yet to emerge. Mr Mohinger's own memoir, The Tender Bar, is a coming-of-age story which led to a film version directed by George Clooney. There has been much speculation ahead of the book's publication about what details might emerge of the royals' private lives. The memoir comes after publication of the biography Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of a Modern Royal Family penned by Carolyn Durand and Omid Scobie. Biographer Tom Bower released his book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war with the Windsors in July. It led to claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would probably be going apoplectic over bombshell claims in the work.  Guy Martin, a senior contributor at Forbes, warned the involvement of Mr Mohinger in Harry's own literary endeavour means parts of the book critical of the royals will be "razor sharp". Mr Martin, writing in the same publication, said: "J.R. Mohringer is a vastly more gifted and nuanced literary craftsman than the publicist/reporters who ginned up the previous pro-Harry-pro-Meghan hagiography, Finding Freedom. "This point is not about them, rather, the point is that Mohringer’s memoir, The Tender Bar, is a grand, sophisticated literary work on finding family. Ergo: If there are passages in this book about events in Harry’s life that may be read as reflecting negatively on Charles, William, their wives or the Queen now, in Mohringer’s hands those passages will be razor sharp." Mr Martin added: "Harry will, definitely, include the death of his mother in this book. As we note from his UN speech, and practically every other speech he has ever given, he carries her death with him. Which is to say, woven within this book’s narrative will be an account of the death of Diana like no other that any of us have ever read."  READ MORE ABOUT A TEENAGER GETTING STABBED IN A TOWN IN SOMERSET  Harry announced plans for the "intimate and heartfelt" memoir last summer, saying he was writing it not as the prince he was born, but as the man he has become. He is rumoured to have netted £16.4million ($20million) for the book deal with the proceeds going to charity. However, the issue facing the Prince is the fallout he will face when the memoir is finally released. A source told Heat magazine last month: "Meghan is urging him to tell his truth and not hide what really happened, but he’s worried sick it will lead to a new war with the royals – one he’ll never be able to come back from.  DON'T MISS: Charlotte leaves mum Kate open-mouthed in adorable new pictures [LATEST] Royal fan meltdown over new photos of Charlotte [REPORT]  Ukraine LIVE: Russia edges towards all-out NATO war with claim [REVEALED]  "He feels caught between a rock and a hard place, which is why he keeps stalling on edits." They claimed publisher Penguin Random House did not "fork out" a fortune for a "boring, vanilla read" which fails to cover any tension or address the feuds within the royal family. The source said: "Ultimately, Harry’s put too much work into this book to pull it. "It’s something he’s wanted to do for a long time and there’s so much about his life he needs to clarify.  "He knows he’ll upset certain members of the monarchy, but it’s too important to throw in the bin." An official press release issued in 2021 said Harry's book promises to share for the first time his experience of living life in the public eye from his childhood to the present day. It could cover everything from his military service in Afghanistan to the joy he has found in being a husband and father.  While the Duke is expected to avoid criticising the Queen, The Telegraph said Harry is "expected to follow his numerous excoriating television and podcast interview accounts of his upbringing with an equally frank version in writing". Harry might also use the book to address issues which have surfaced previously, including alleged racism in the royal family, his relationship with Prince William and a complaint of bullying levelled against his wife Meghan Markle. 