With energy bills on the rise, many Britons are looking for ways to save pennies where they can. One energy-zapping appliance that could be costing Britons more money to run are tumble dryers. While tumble dryers are the fastest way to dry wet laundry, they can be costly to run. Instead, Britons are looking for alternative ways to dry their clothes without adding hundreds to their energy bills. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their “effective” and “cheap” hack for drying clothes without a tumble dryer. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Phil Joy asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hi, looking for a clothes airer recommendations. “Due to electric bill going up, the dryer will be out of use. I do have a humidifier so can also use that. Thanks.” READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals' Phil’s post was inundated with more than 50 comments from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular response was to buy an electric airer that heats up. Charlotte Richardson replied: “Highly recommend Lakeland heated airers. They seem pricey to start but we’ve had ours for eight years now. “Very cheap to run, most effective with the cover, but can use a double duvet cover and works just as well. I’ve never used a tumble drier with a household of four.” Bryony Edwards wrote: “Definitely the Lakeland dryer, it's expensive to buy but worth it.” Anne Stewart commented: “I have a heated clothes airer from Lakeland. I put it on before going to bed and clothes are dry in the morning.” DON'T MISS'Worst thing you can do': How to avoid ruining garden in hosepipe ban [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer student buyers increase house value by £44k [ANALYSIS] Hollie Wilson replied: “I second this, get the deluxe with a timer!” Leena Drummond said: “I use this and the cover with my dehumidifier inside it, two hours and everything is bone dry.” Imogen Barnard commented on the Facebook post: “Love my Lakeland. Would so recommend!” Treza Pugh agreed and wrote: “Plug in electric airer, I love mine.” Dry:Soon 3-Tier Heated Airer costs £119.99 from Lakeland. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The Dry:Soon Deluxe 3-Tier Heated Airer and Cover Offer Bundle is £179.98 from Lakeland. Dry:Soon Mini 3-Tier Heated Airer costs £95.99 from Lakeland. John Lewis 3-Tier Heated Indoor Clothes Airer is £100. Argos Home 3 Tier Heated Airer costs £105 while Dunelm’s three-tier airer is £95. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bath airers, using clothes rails, hangers and an airer on wheels. Kirsty Cummins said: “We put clothes on hangers then on a three-arm ironing tidy. “Washed first thing in the morning, left in a sunny spot or by a radiator, they are dry by bed time. “Nightclothes, undies towels bedding go in the tumble dryer. Everything goes outside if the weather is nice!”  Kay Douglas wrote: “My mother has the Amazon one on wheels and I just have two normal tall airers. “Replaced my washer dryer with just a washer earlier this year and doing fine without a dryer. With bills going up so much it's highly likely to stay that way too.” Bernice Birt suggested: “Amazon have great one on wheels, has arms out each side for hanging stuff on coat hangers as well.” Nicola Shaun Way replied: “I use over bath airers over the banister the husband put hooks on the opposite side to hold them. They dry great and don't take up any floor space.” Ann Pope said: “Clothes rail put on hangers hardly any ironing.” Coral Jane Lynne Bickley wrote: “I dry mine by hanging in hangers and using an airer. “I always have a window or two open. Never ever any issues.”