A Cornish musician has demanded tougher measures on holiday homes such as a higher council tax on second properties to prevent long-established communities from dying out as wages fall behind rushing house prices. The songwriter, Sam believes the expansion of second home ownership in Cornwall has had a devasting social impact and is "destroying a lot of the living history." Sam told GB News: "When the winter comes, so many of these places have got to close because they just can't pay the bills through the winter because there's not enough people here. "It's the fact as well for me that they've had to leave to make way for second homes, for people that are living out of county. It almost destroys a lot of the living history that was still happening Steve Double, Conservative MP for St Austell and Newquay told GB News: "One of the ways is having some sort of licencing scheme so that the local authority can manage the number in any given area or potentially looking at requiring change of use on planning." "I see government blaming local councils and councils blaming local government we don't want blame. We want action, we want actual real news to make a difference because the reality is that people are struggling and they're struggling more than they've ever struggled," added Sam. JUST IN: 'Are you having a laugh!? Richard Tice on future of Starmer ' British people had enough!' The second-homes row in Cornwall comes as a new report shows most Britons noticed their living costs rise in July and many reduced spending and energy usage to save money Close to half (44 percent) of UK adults who pay energy bills found it very or somewhat difficult to afford them in the last two weeks of July, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) found. This was slightly down from the first half of July, when 46 percent said they were struggling. Seasonal energy usage patterns have impacted the findings, the ONS said. Overall, 89 percent of people reported their cost of living had risen over the past month. This is unchanged from the previous period, but up more than a quarter from November 2021. READ MORE: 'We have Booths!' Northerner hits out at claim Waitrose map shows North-South divide   Many people have made changes to their lifestyle in order to save money during a worsening cost-of-living crisis. Energy prices have risen dramatically in recent months with the price cap set to hit £3,729 per year from April next year for the average household, consultancy Cornwall Insight warned this week. And it has already taken its toll on households with 51 percent of the population, which amounts to around 24 million people, using less gas and electricity in their homes from March 30 to June 19, according to a separate ONS survey unveiled on Friday. Charities have cautioned that many lower-income households could have to choose between eating and heating their homes in the colder months of the year. DON'T MISSBritons furious as energy price cap will change every three months [INSIGHT]Money saving tips: Britons could save thousands with summer budget [UPDATE]Woman, 43, fears rising mortgage rate and ‘crippling' exit fees [LATEST] The report found that more than a third of those who reported their living costs had gone up cut back spending on food and essentials, amounting to around 16 million people. Meanwhile, 57 percent of the population reduced their spending on non-essential items, including expenditure on clothing, subscriptions or meals out, as incomes are increasingly being squeezed. The rising cost of living is disproportionately impacting some groups more than others, research has shown. More disabled people have been forced to buy less food and essential items, such as utilities or medication, than non-disabled people, the ONS said. 