But doggy “no-nos” for the pooch playlist include Led Zeppelin's “Black Dog”, AC/DC's “Back In Black”, and “Paranoid”, by Black Sabbath. Other songs to feature on the top 10 calming list of songs include Pink Floyd’s “Dark Side Of The Moon”, “One In Ten” by UB40, and “Hounds Of Love”, by Kate Bush. It comes after a study of 2,000 dog owners found two-thirds (67 percent) notice their canine companion getting stressed when in the car. But three-quarters are still planning to take their pooch on a staycation this year, with 72 percent travelling by car. Sam Sutton, who has worked with hotel booking platform justhooit to create the playlist, said: “A recent research study from the University of Glasgow suggests music can indeed affect dogs' behaviour. “Dogs were exposed to a variety of sounds and styles to assess physiological and behavioural changes. “The interesting thing they witnessed was that dogs displayed positive behavioural changes when exposed to certain music types. “Reggae and soft rock appear to have been the canine tunes of choice. “Perhaps the combination of pristine studio production and pleasing sound aesthetics contribute to what makes the dog’s playlist of choice. “Reggae is often associated with sunshine and chilling out, so perhaps this type of soothing emotional response is shared with our canine companions.” The study also found that while a well-tuned 68 percent of dog owners are aware certain types of music cause their dog distress, more than a quarter (28 percent) had no idea it could upset them at all. Sam Sutton also named the 10 tracks to avoid playing around dogs – including AC/DC’s “Back In Black”, Metallica’s “Enter Sandman”, and Motörhead’s “Ace Of Spades”. He added: “Since a dog's hearing range is wider than the human’s, you may want to avoid any music with whistling, as this could trigger their natural sense of response and curiosity.” Adrian Murdock, from justhooit, said: “It is heart-warming to see 81 percent of dog owners would change their in-car listening habits to ensure their furry friends don't go barking mad on the motorways if caught in traffic jams.” But the research, carried out via OnePoll, found over a third (36 percent) of dog owners could not identify the signs of stress and anxiety while their dog was travelling. And one in four (26 percent) were unaware that stress and anxiety could cause harmful illness for their dogs, by lowering their immune system. Blue Cross behaviourist Becky Skyrme explained her top tips for introducing dogs to car journeys. She said: “Becoming familiar with car travel from the earliest possible age will really help them to learn that car travel is a normal, everyday event. “For slightly older dogs, or for dogs that are worried about travel, there are lots of other things you can do. “Some dogs experience motion sickness, and this can be greatly helped by speaking to your vet. “Otherwise, its all about helping your dog to feel safe, secure and comfortable in the part of the car they will be traveling in. “To begin with, start with a stationary car. Use their favourite things to reward them for jumping in and out, and then start to build up the time they spend inside the car. “Then progress to going on short journeys that end in something really positive happening – like a favourite game, fun walk, or receiving a tasty food treat. “This will help your dog to build a positive association between car travel and their favourite things. If the problem persists, always seek help from your vet or a qualified behaviourist.” TOP 10 CALMING SONGS TO PLAY TO YOUR DOG WHILST TRAVELLING: TOP 10 WORST SONGS TO PLAY TO CALM YOUR DOG WHILST TRAVELLING: