Car enthusiast Jeremy Clarkson, 62, is concerned that one of his jobs is running the risk of being axed due to the economic situation. The star, who rose to fame driving fast vehicles on BBC’s Top Gear, before moving over to Amazon Prime Video’s The Grand Tour, is now also writing a motoring column. However, Jeremy is now worrying that people will be unable to afford to buy any of the new vehicles he is busy reviewing.  In the presenter’s review of the Volkswagen T-Roc, which was published today, he explained that fuel bills are now getting so high, consumers will lose interest in investing in the latest cars.  While empathising with his colleagues writing in the Travel section of The Sunday Times amid chaos over cancelled flights, Jeremy realised something startling about his own career.  He penned: “I’m in an even more preposterous situation. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson plans last resort to save farm amid sad loss  “I don’t want to talk myself out of a job, but it’s difficult to see why I’m writing a motoring column this morning.    “Because even if you could buy a new car, and you can’t due to the semiconductor shortage, you wouldn’t be able to afford to go anywhere in it.”    Jeremy went on to predict the situation is going to get even more difficult to handle this autumn, due to the expense of heating people’s homes.    The star moaned: “I’m not normally pessimistic, but come the autumn, when people have to switch on their central heating systems and the inevitable food shortage arrives, I fear that cars are going to be filed in your ‘list of important things’ below the wellbeing of your town crier and the fortunes of Plymouth Argyle.  “I may be forced to fill the time reviewing steam locomotives and VHS players instead.” It comes as the cost of living in the UK is set to skyrocket in the coming weeks. The Bank of England has announced its largest interest rate rise in almost 30 years, while the public are facing higher rates of inflation. They have also warned of a 15-month recession taking place. DON'T MISS:Ulrika Jonsson blasts ‘arrogant' Rebekah Vardy’s ‘plea for sympathy' [OPINION]Victoria Beckham ‘fears losing Brooklyn amid rift with Nicola Peltz’ [INSIGHT]James Jordan says he prefers wife Ola 'when she's smaller'  [COMMENT] The Office for National Statistics’ (ONS) cost of living survey recently found that people are cutting back on food, gas and electric, and non-essential journeys to save money.  The current rate of inflation is 9.4 per cent and the Bank of England has predicted it will soar to 13.3 per cent in October.  If this occurs, it will mark the highest rate for more than 42 years.  In terms of car owners, UK petrol prices have reached a record high due to Russian oil import bans amid the country’s ongoing war with Ukraine.  The cost of used cars has also soared, and is contributing to inflation, the ONS confirms. It’s not just the inflation surrounding cars that is worrying Jeremy, as he also owns and runs a farm in Oxfordshire.  Jeremy’s Diddly Squat Farm rose to fame on his Amazon Prime Video series Clarkson’s Farm.  Viewers are very familiar with Jeremy’s highs and lows while making sure the farm makes a profit.  Now, due to the recent heatwave in the UK, Jeremy has lost one of his pigs due to heat exhaustion.  He penned in his column for The Sun: “One of my pigs died from heat exhaustion, my potatoes look like sultanas, and my springs are drying up, which means that to stay alive I have to suck the moisture out of moss, or drink beer.”  “Meanwhile, my cows are so hungry they are prepared to walk through an electric fence every day to look for food,” Jeremy added in despair.  “Come the winter, there won’t be enough to go round. I may have to start eating them,” he concluded.