Motorists could be fined £5,000 and handed nine penalty points for a simple indicator error that could break section three of the Road Traffic Act 1988. The act says it is an offence to drive "without due care and attention, or without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road or place". Indicating correctly is important for the safety of the driver and those around them, so doing this incorrectly or not at all can land people on the wrong side of the law. The maximum penalty is nine points on the licence and a £5,000 fine. A fixed-penalty notice (FPN) usually means motorists are given a £100 fine and three penalty points. Following the guidance set out by the Highway Code is vital for drivers hoping to avoid the fines. READ MORE: Cars cause parking chaos after taking up spaces belonging to coaches Mark Royal, operations manager at Goodbye Car, said: “Knowing when (and when not) to indicate is a skill of its own, given there are no black and white rules. “But it’s incredibly important to learn when they should be used for the safety of yourself and other motorists.” The Highway Code gives clear guidance on when and how indicators should be used. The news comes after drivers were warned about huge £5,000 fines they risk receiving for not using air con during the summer. DON'T MISS UK drivers warned of fines for not having correct stickers in Europe [WARNING] EVs ‘cheaper’ than petrol and diesel cars as drivers may save £1,900 [INSIGHT]Drivers can save £300 a month on Tesla Model 3 through car tax scheme [REVEAL] Not using the air con in hot weather could see drivers break rule 237 of the Highway Code. The rule states that motorists must keep their cars “well ventilated”. The rule came into force to make sure that drivers avoid drowsiness when they’re in control of a car. If motorists fail to adhere to the guidance and subsequently lose control of their vehicle they risk a fine of up to £5,000 in the most serious cases. READ MORE: 'At least' another 15p expected to be knocked off fuel prices in week As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures remain extremely high. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery. As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures remain extremely high. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery.