Though Ukrainian guerrillas may now be active in Russian-occupied Ukraine, the outskirts of Moscow nearly a thousand miles away are well beyond them. It seems father Dugin is a thoroughly poisonous piece of work who advised Putin upon invasion to "Kill, kill, kill", and it seems more likely a nasty war may be breaking out inside the Russian Establishment. The car bomb was clearly meant for him and assassinations by pistol, rifle, high-rise fall and bomb are well precedented in that unpleasant world. Usually it is critics of the Kremlin who are wiped out. Meanwhile in Russian-occupied Ukraine and notably Crimea the attacks on Russian bases go on. Phoney explanations of industrial accidents have become ludicrous; these are special forces at work as Ukrainian resistance becomes more and more skilled and thus increasingly dangerous to any Russian personnel or facility in the occupied territories. In anything remotely resembling a democracy with an independent Press the Russians would be learning of all this but the Kremlin throttle-hold on the media is so complete that the radio-listening and TV-watching masses still think their forces are justified and winning, and keep cheering. Better reportage, which we are getting via foreign correspondents and high-altitude surveillance show Russia has taken hideous casualties in men and material and is scraping the barrel to replace both.  Surely sooner or later the bottom of that barrel will be reached. Maybe it already has, as prisons are emptied for inmates to be sent to the front and mothballed old equipment is being given a re-spray and deployed. In any non-dictatorship the tyrant would have fallen by now but that does not mean a coup is impossible to be generated within the fortress of the Kremlin itself. Historically it is usually the miseries of the Russian winter that provoke these coups as the popular contentments of summer vanish into memory. As a popular TV programme reminds us: winter is coming. What will Russia's isolated and lonely garrisons in occupied Ukraine do then? Will their commanding officers stand idly by? An untold number have died visiting the front; others have been fired and disgraced for failing to win a war they were never trained or equipped for. The temperature is dropping and in several senses.  Permit me to relate a modern folk tale that actually happened. The M40 is a major three-lane motorway running north-west out of London to Oxford and on to the Midlands. A few days ago I was on it with many others, returning home about 6pm. The traffic in all three lanes began to slow, then stopped dead from kerb to kerb. For a full half-hour it remained stationary. Clearly a major blockage. I knew there was no roundabout, intersection or junction ahead - so a serious crash? It had to be. After half an hour we began to inch forward. It took another half-hour to crawl a mile and reach the cause, with all the traffic ducted into the right-hand lane. So, smashed cars, ambulances, tragic wreckage? No; on the extreme left, on the hard shoulder, a single car with a crumpled front bumper. Nothing more. Clearly a minor "shunt".Whatever it had whacked from behind had driven on. It was alone - its miserable driver sitting smoking on the shoulder. Six police officers were round it still examining the crumpled bumper.  For this, thousands of commuters had been waved to a stop for an hour. Meanwhile in west London, an 87-year-old busker, collecting for Ukraine, had been stabbed to death. I suspect there were more policemen round the bent bumper than round the body on the pavement. Then up popped Andy Cooke - Her Majesty's new Chief Inspector of Constabulary - penning an article in a broadsheet newspaper. In it he told us he intends to take burglary and theft seriously. Or maybe a lethal knife in the ribs. But after the contrast I saw he will understand if most of us give a weary sigh as people who have heard it all before. Columns of commuters trying to get home? A dead busker? All in good time. Let us examine this bumper.  As an ex-RAF man I was mystified to read that enlistment and training for the pale blue uniform are being strongly influenced by the rules of wokery. And that includes pilot training. Of all the skills in the world, the one that has absolutely nothing to do with political correctness is driving a jet fighter at Mach Two to 60,000ft and back. It helps to have the guts and skill to power-dive back through 35,000ft of cumulonimbus cloud, being shaken half to bits by turbulence that feels like being gripped in the fist of an insane and malign giant. It really does not matter what you have got between your legs. Quiet enquiry reveals the RAF no longer trains its own aircrew. Impelled by the spectacularly useless blob controlling the bureaucrats of the MoD, this has now been out-sourced to a private company that takes its orders from the aforementioned blob.  That is another urgent task Liz Truss can add to her menu when she enters Downing Street. Root-andbranch reform of the staffing of three useless offices of state - Foreign Office, Home Office and Defence. It is going quite a list. Those surveying our country and becoming despondent - and who would not? - might glance across the Channel. Greece has long had a paraplegic currency, sustained by Germany within the euro-cradle. That may not last as Germany weakens on a monthly basis. Beyond the Rhine, Chancellor Olaf Scholz has fallen to an all-time low in the popularity polls - not just all-time for him but for many decades. As Moscow gets increasingly nasty and with Germany depending on it for oil and gas, Berlin is over a barrel and Putin is selecting his next cane. Scholz's promises to help Ukraine with weaponry are, after all, loo paper and a bitter winter looms. Shivering Germans may turn very unforgiving indeed. In Italy, the unelected premier is off and heading the polls as next coalition leader and PM is Giorgia Meloni, leading the Brothers of Italy, a tad to the right of Genghis Khan. So cheer up; down to the pub for a sharpener - if they have not all gone belly-up due to skyrocketing prices. A week from now we may even have a PM and government. Now that would be a novelty!  They have an offence of jaywalking in the States. We do not. Perhaps we should. The other day I spotted a youth happily dancing on foot through moving traffic with a "bud" in each ear, lost in his private soundscape of presumably pop or rap. Both eyes were on the screen on the mini-pad held out in one hand. Should he ever wake up in the orthopaedic ward there will doubtless be ample funds in the public purse to enable him to sue someone for compensation. 