Ex-Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage was at the O2 Arena in London on Saturday as British YouTuber KSI returned to the ring in a double-header bout against rapper Swarmz and professional boxer Luis Pineda. KSI, who previously defeated fellow YouTubers Logan Paul and Joe Weller, saw off both of his opponents on fight night. However, during his appearance at the event, Mr Farage suggested Boris Johnson could tempt him into the ring. When asked by Fred Talks Fighting if he would spar with Mr Johnson, the former UKIP leader jokingly said: "I can deal with him. "Boris, if you're listening now, let's do it." In a clip shared to social media platform TikTok, one user even billed the potential bout as the "Battle of Brexit". Farage, who described himself as a "big boxing fan", also praised the event as an "anti-establishment" spectacle and revealed he "admires" KSI. JUST IN: GB News: Nigel Farage blasts border force over immigrant ‘taxi service’ amid violence Speaking about the event on his GB News show, Mr Farage added: "I'm guessing that virtually nobody in the Westminster media or politics will have spotted it, but, these influencers like KSI, followed by millions and millions of people are actually providing pretty good role models to our young people. "They are a counter to the left-wing propaganda that is being fed to our youngsters through our schools and our universities. "It was for me a really fascinating, transformative moment. "I've seen out there that there is a big upwelling of millions of young people that are quite patriotic, quite decent. "Something really, really interesting is going on here. READ MORE: Major Tory donor threatens to pull funding over Boris resignation as party ‘imploding’ "Politically, there are millions of young people that will be voting in the next general election, and the one after, and these influencers could have a major impact on millions and millions of votes." During his time as Brexit Party leader, Mr Farage established a friendship with Zimbabwean-born heavyweight Dereck Chisora. Chisora, also known as Del Boy, has won 33 out of his 45 fights and even joined Mr Farage at a rally ahead of the 2019 EU Parliamentary Elections. In recent years, politicians of all stripes have put the gloves on while on the campaign trail. DON'T MISS: Jacob Rees-Mogg puts 'deserted' offices in central London up for sale [REVEAL]'Shouldn't have left the EU!' Hospital worker slams Brexit over NHS [INSIGHT]'Choosing between heating and eating! Radio host clashed with caller [ANALYSIS]