Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sharon Stone worked closely together in the 1990 film Total Recall - which hits TV screens tonight at 10:45pm on ITV. But their experiences together were not always friendly. Sharon looked back on being told that Arnie was "not a fan" of her. Sharon, who was extremely famous at that point, after appearing in such Hollywood hits as Action Jackson, Beyond the Stars and Blood and Sand. Just two years later she would become the centre of a controversy after appearing in Basic Instinct for that infamous leg-opening scene. But on the set of Total Recall Sharon had different problems. "Someone said one day: ‘You know, Arnold doesn’t like you,'" she recalled. After sitting on the information for a while, she decided to retaliate. Sharon said: "After thinking about that, I called this person and said: ‘Did anybody bother to wonder if I liked Arnold? Or does only his opinion count because he’s a big star?'" He certainly was a big star. In fact, Arnie was at the height of his career. In the past ten years he had released Predator, The Terminator, Kindergarten Cop, Conan the Barbarian, Commando, and many more. He was Hollywood's big action hero. Sharon wasn't bothered, though. And she wasn't particularly interested in being "nice". "I could do nice," she said. "But it’s just not as much fun. Being nice isn’t my biggest goal in life. I’m trying to be honest about who I am and that’s not always nice. I’m not always the world’s cheerleader." READ MORE: Frank Sinatra and Arnold Schwarzenegger turned down same iconic role Sharon later hit out at other actors on movie sets, saying: "When an actress b****es about wardrobe, food, the director, the hours, the anything, it’s because we are insecure about our work. The more trained I get, the more secure I get in my work, the easier I am to get along with on the set." She also revealed that, whether this feud on the set was real or not, Sharon physically fought Arnie to make their scenes together look realistic. This, unfortunately, left Arnie in the firing line when things got physical in the movie. "If you’re not a dancer, it’s tough kicking someone in the face with your heel straight ahead," Sharon remembered. DON'T MISS...Arnold Schwarzenegger health: Actor born with heart defect [INFO]Frank Sinatra and Arnold Schwarzenegger turned down same iconic role [INSIGHT]Arnold Schwarzenegger dodged attack from Sylvester Stallone in feud [NEWS] She continued: "Even if I’m pretty limber, still. Also, it was Schwarzenegger. It’s daunting because you’re looking at this giant, muscular guy. You don’t want [it] to look like this fight is ridiculous. That she is actually pounding him." She added: "So I black-and-blued him, pretty much head to toe that day. It was hilarious." It seems their relationship recovered, however. Years later, she spoke very fondly of Arnie, calling him a "movie star". Sharon opined: "He’s just a big, big baby. But he wants you to do the best you can do because he wants his team to win. It’s not an individual sport for Arnold." She went on: "Arnold is a movie star. I made fun of him right off the bat ... Arnold is unbelievably focused and available. He tries harder than most people I’ve worked with." Total Recall is available to rent on Amazon Prime Video now. SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE