Robbie Williams is a doting dad of four and husband to his stunning actress wife Ayda Field. The pop singer, who rose to fame with the band Take That, has seen his life transform over the last decade, as he now juggles both his music career and family life. Robbie, 48, married his wife Ayda, who is best known for her roles in shows such as Fresh Meat and Days of Our Lives, back in 2010. The couple then had their first child together, a daughter named Theodora Rose Williams, who was born in September 2012. Their second child, Charlie, was born in October 2014. The couple then welcomed Colette Josephine, known as Coco, via surrogate in September 2018 and praised the “incredible” woman at the time. READ MORE: Gregg Wallace’s quiet life with wife at their £1million Kent mansion The singer and his wife then welcomed their fourth child on Valentine’s Day 2020 via the same surrogate who carried Coco. The pop singer and his family mostly live in their £17.5 million mansion in Kensington, West London. The luxurious mansion is situated in the Holland Park area and is called Woodland House. The property has a blue plaque on it commemorating that the artist Luke Fildes once lived there. DON'T MISS: House issues that can devalue your property by 20% - ‘major turn-off’ [EXPERT]How to remove toilet limescale using 'cheap and effective' method [TIPS]Lawn specialist shares ‘best’ time to ‘always’ water your grass [INSIGHT] With an estimated 47 rooms, Robbie bought the house for £17.5 million in 2013 but soon came into conflict with his neighbour Jimmy Page when he tried to get planning permission for an underground swimming pool. The Led Zeppelin musician was worried that Robbie’s plans for the building works would damage the structural integrity of his own house – a castle-like mansion next door. However, after a five year battle, Robbie was finally granted permission to build his dream pool extension in 2018. The average house price in Kensington currently sits at £2.76million, according to Rightmove. The majority of sales in Kensington during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £1.97million. READ MORE: Ceiling mistakes that make rooms look ‘very dated and unappealing’ Terraced properties sold for an average of £4.88million with semi-detached properties fetching £11.97million. Robbie also owns a second lavish property in Switzerland worth a whopping £24million. Robbie purchased his home in Zurich with wife Ayda in 2021 to have a place to relocate during the Covid pandemic. The former Take That singer previously owned a home in Los Angeles. However, he sold his Beverly Hills home to rapper DJ Khaled. Robbie admitted that although he enjoys spending time with his kids, occasionally he needs to find a quiet space to focus on his music career. He said: "I'm loving my time with my family, I'm loving my time with my wife, I've got 4 kids – it's joyous – but I'm chomping at the bit now to leave the house and do what I do for a living and what I love." The singer also went on to say that his kids are a massive factor in deciding where to live because they need to be placed in suitable schools. He explained: "The four kids are constantly a Rubix Cube puzzle that we’re trying to sort out because if they are schooled then they don’t see me because I’m all over the place and if they are home-schooled then they have another set of things that are a problem."