Dave Coldwell has told Jake Paul that ‘he’s not a real boxer’ until he fights a professional pugilist as the renowned trainer ripped into YouTube boxing’s ‘gimmicky nature’. Coldwell explained to Express Sport that he doesn’t mind when YouTubers fight each other and stay in their lanes but is not happy about the way many are elevated above “real professional boxers.” Paul, for example, was promised a WBC world ranking if he beat Hasim Rahman Jr on August 6 before their contest was cancelled last week. Coldwell was baffled by this decision and feels for the fighters that come up the “right way” and are struggling to secure a world ranking. Talking to Express Sport, he said: “You’ve got Jake Paul and KSI, they’ve got their big, massive followings and if they want fight each other, that’s their level and fair enough, it’s like a white-collar fight with massive publicity and people are going to watch it. I understand why it happens but when they have two or three of these fights, boxing American football players and basketballers and what have you, and then they try and start telling you that they’re going to be world champions and stuff, I’m like ‘mate, shut up’ It just doesn’t do anything for me. “Jake Paul was supposed to fight Hasim Rahman Jr but didn’t he already get beat by Tommy Morrison’s son [James McKenzie Morrison]? No disrespect, but what’s he done? Fair enough it’s a fighter, he’s going to fight a fighter, a real professional boxer. Now, he’s on the ladder it’s like when a prospect and they’re fighting journeyman and stuff like that. “You’re doing it for them to learn and for them to develop –Jake Paul can actually fight a little bit but you can’t judge him because he’s boxing basketball players and YouTubers. To me, until you fight a fighter you’ve not had a fight yet, you’re not a real boxer yet so that would have been good for him to fight a proper boxer. “But then the WBC turn around and say they’re going to rank him on the back of that? I’m like ‘what?’ You’ve got real professional boxers building records and fighting for domestic titles and their struggling to get hold of a ranking but yet you’ve got this guy who is fighting one professional boxer who was knocked out by a famous Dad’s son, and that is going to get him a ranking? That just s***s all over everything.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua warned he 'won't hear the final bell' as video of Usyk emerges Hearn explains what he'd tell Joshua and Fury in dressing-room row Joshua savaged as Garcia decision questioned before Usyk fight He added: “To me, I’ve got no problem with YouTubers being built up properly but it’s just like gimmick after gimmick in order to sell bulls***.” Paul recently had two bouts fall through against professional boxers Tommy Fury and Rahman Jr and will now seek a new date for his next fight. So far, Paul is 5-0 as a professional boxer with wins over fellow YouTuber AnEsonGib, NBA player Nate Robinson, UFC veteran Ben Askren and former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley (twice).