The royals have been lucky enough to sample some of the finest food the world has to offer, but there is nothing more Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall love more than growing - and then eating - their own crops. The Prince of Wales is said to be extremely green-fingered, and as a result, both he and his wife have provided key ingredients to make two delicious alcoholic drinks that the public can purchase. Highgrove Gardens is where the couple spends most of their time, and part of it is open to the public. The visitor’s shop is filled with luxury homeware to traditionally crafted artisan pieces, and all profits are donated to charity. It is where royal fans can buy Highgrove Organic Ginger Liqueur - a drink said to be “specially selected and bottled for HRH The Prince of Wales”. The product description reads: “A unique recipe suffused with organic ginger, sweetened and fortified with pure spirit. READ MORE: Queen’s favourite chocolate she likes to ‘indulge’ on late at night “The organic ginger liqueur is a delicious warming drink best served neat, or for an extraordinary cocktail, add a dash to a glass of Champagne.” The liqueur is “selected and bottled exclusively for Highgrove” and is priced at £29.96 for a 50cl bottle. Prince Charles is not the only one with an alcoholic beverage for sale, Camilla also has one in her name; Highgrove Organic Cider. The product description reads: “Beautifully balanced, our Highgrove Organic medium taste Cider is made from carefully selected organic apples, including varieties from The Duchess of Cornwall’s Raymill Estate in Wiltshire. DON'T MISS...How to clean pillows without washing - ‘Kills germs & bacteria!’ [EXPERT]British Airway cancels 10,000 flights up to March 2023 [NEWS]Reverse signs of ageing in 2 weeks with award-winning facial oil [EXCLUSIVE] “These apples are hand-picked, farm-pressed and slowly matured to make this tasty cider - best enjoyed chilled on a warm summer’s evening!” It is exclusive to Highgrove, made using sustainable practices and contains only raw cider, spring water and organic raw cane sugar. It is also suitable for vegetarians, and is both lactose and nut-free. Cider lovers can buy a 27cl bottle for £2.95 directly from the website. READ MORE: Mouldy foods you can eat according to an expert Camilla’s drink is sure to be a hit with Prince William who is a confessed “cider man”. During a visit to The Rose and Crown pub in the Norfolk village of Snettisham in 2020, the Prince asked the landlords: "Can I have a pint of cider please? I'm a cider man." In addition to contributing to the making of cider, the Duchess is known for her love of wine, being president of the UK’s Vineyard Association. Speaking at a reception celebrating the association’s 50th anniversary, Camilla revealed: "People always ask me how I became involved in it all, well, first of all, I love wine. “But secondly, my father was in the wine business, so I was brought up as a child drinking wine and water rather like the French." It comes after Express.co.uk revealed how Prince Charles likes to take his favourite tipples away with him when he travels. Telegraph reporter Gordon Rayner explained how the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall “sometimes take their own alcohol” when they are travelling “so there’s no danger of their drinks being spiked”. Charles opts for gin and tonic while Camilla is said to have a glass of red wine.