Appearing on Monday's GB News segment with Darren Grimes, the writer made several claims about the couple, including the suggestion that Meghan Markle represents a "Princess Diana" replacement for Prince Harry. The journalist went on to argue Harry is "scared" of Meghan, who has "rejected the UK" and "brought out the worst" in the royal. Levin claimed the Duchess of Sussex "emulated" Harry's mother, Diana. Speaking to GB News audiences, she stated: "I think the problem is that we all loved her when she arrived, we were all thrilled that Harry had found someone to love and who loved him. "I was one of the presenters of the wedding for CNN and so I watched her with the hawk eyes for about 10 hours, 12 hours, and I was thrilled to bits that she joined the Royal Family. "However, since then, as we all know, she's rejected us very firmly. She's rejected the country. It's too small. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold "She wants to talk globally and do things globally. She's rejected our Royal Family whom most of us love very much and respect. "And I think she's made a very difficult place for herself." Alluding to Meghan's appeal to Harry, she went on: "One of the problems that I think is one of the causes is that Harry sees her as an alternative to his mother and that she's more like Diana than he could possibly have wished for. "Now, this is a rather strange thing to want to marry somebody who's very much like your mother. "The point is that he still believes that she's looking down on him and telling him everything that he should do. "And in the engagement, if you remember the TV announcement, he said that she would be jumping up and down for joy, his mother not Meghan, and that they would be best friends and Meghan’s encouraged that - she wears the same perfume as Princess Diana did. "And I think it's all gone to her head that she is super special. I think she's got fantastic qualities, but she doesn't use them very nicely." Ms Levin added: "The thing that I'm mostly sorry about is that she's completely changed Harry, or Harry has completely changed since he got married. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Kyle savages 'gobby' Piers as he takes over TalkTV show [VIDEO]Escape to the Chateau project 'causing problems' for Angel Adoree [LATEST]'Hate it!' A Place in the Sun guest leaves Laura Hamilton gobsmacked [VIDEO] "I think the importance if you have a relationship, that you want somebody who brings out the best in you, and I think she's brought out the worst in Harry. "Harry wears his heart on his sleeve, and you can look at him and see he's very unhappy. "He's very resentful, he is very difficult and he's scared of his wife." When asked if she thought racism played a role in some of Meghan's criticism, Ms Levin said: “Not too much of it, but they'd always be something that the public would hang on to that she's a mixed race. "They would hang on to that if she was tall, if she was small, if she had red hair, blue hair, unfortunately for anybody who joins the Royal Family, they're in for an awful lot of criticism. "They have to bear it. Look at Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. She had the most hideous comments made about her. “I feel sorry for that but what I don't feel sorry for is that Meghan told falsehoods when she was being interviewed by Oprah Winfrey. "She organised this talk when Prince Philip was extremely ill and dying and she and Harry knew that. "I think she said the other day that it doesn't matter if it's not true, it matters what she's feeling. Well, I think that's total nonsense." Real Britain with Darren Grimes airs weekdays from 2pm on GB News.