Charlene White, 42, who has championed representation within the realms of broadcasting and journalism, has said she comes from an era where it was previously avoided. The Loose Women presenter recently made history in October 2020, when the ITV daytime show featured an all-black panel – comprised of Charlene, alongside Brenda Edwards, Judi Love and Kéllé Bryan. It was the first time it had taken place in the show's two decades of being on air. Charlene explained that while it was a hugely significant moment in television history, there was a time when it may not have happened. Speaking in a new interview, the newsreader said: “I’ve come from an era of telly where the mere thought of having four black women on TV was just like: ‘Oh my god, they’ll never watch, people will turn off!’ "And what’s wonderful is people are now realising that if you have a good product, and good people, then viewers will watch it. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson fainted at sight of Olivia Newton-John clip “The reason I scream and shout about [having an all-black panel on Loose Women] is people realise what’s been missing." The broadcaster also raised eyebrows after she accepted her hosting role on Loose Women amid claims she was "dumbing down" from being a "proper newsreader". But Charlene, who is a newsreader on ITV News, has dismissed the suggestion adding the daytime show is an "extension" of current affairs. “They thought it was devaluing and diluting what I do on the news. My response is: people can consume news in lots of different ways," she continued to Fabulous magazine.  "For me, Loose Women is an extension of what I do on the news and giving people information in a slightly different way. “All networks have realised that we have to be representative. We have to represent the audience.” Charlene was announced as the new host of the ITV daytime chat show Loose Women, following the departure of Andrea McLean and Saira Khan, who also left the show. Speaking about joining the panel, Charlene said at the time: "I'm absolutely stoked, I've been buzzing all this time to reveal that I'm the new anchor on Loose Woman." DON'T MISS... Louise Redknapp breaks silence on ex-husband Jamie getting married[LATEST]Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe welcomes baby with husband James[UPDATES]Kate Garraway on break from GMB amid Derek's 'life-threatening' sepsis[TV] Charlene has been the lead newsreader on ITV News London since 2019. She started off as a reporter on Radio 1's Newsbeat and its sister digital station, BBC Radio 1Xtra, back in 2002. The journalist then went on to become co-presenter on 1Xtra's two-hour news programme TX in 2005. Since 2014, Charlene has appeared on ITV Lunchtime, Evening, and Weekend News, and has been been a contributor to the Guardian. Meanwhile, the broadcaster took to Twitter and gushed over her latest appearance as a cover girl. In view of her 65,000 followers, she tweeted: I’ve woken up a cover girl… thanks @Fabulousmag." Social media users reacted to the post, as they congratulated the presenter. Hannah Waddingham penned: "Absolutely beautiful….and even more so in the flesh!" Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu wrote: "Absolutely fabulous!" Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.  