The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return for the first time since the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in early June to attend a number of charity events. The Sussexes, who stepped down as senior royals in January 2020, live in California and the trip comes amid an ongoing legal dispute over their UK security arrangements. Harry, who in court documents has claimed it is not safe for him and his family in the UK, is currently suing the Home Office over its refusal to provide him with automatic police protection every time he visits. He has also begun a separate legal action over the refusal of the Home Office and Met Police to allow him to pay out of his own pocket for the hire of specialist police protection teams. Harry lost his taxpayer-funded police security after stepping back from royal duties and he and Meghan now employ a team of private bodyguards. The couple will be in Manchester for the One Young World Summit on September 5, which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries. The Queen will be at Balmoral for her annual summer break. However, during their stay she also intends to fly back to London for two or three days around September 5 to meet the new Prime Minister.  It is almost certain that Harry, 37, and Meghan, 41, will want to see the 96-year-old monarch, but it is not clear yet if the Queen will have time. One source said yesterday: “There are a lot of moving parts to deal with in those days.” The Sussexes will head to Germany for a 2023 Invictus Games event in Dusseldorf on September 6, before returning to two days later for the WellChild Awards in London, where Harry will deliver a speech. The Daily Express understands there are currently no plans for the Sussexes to meet the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The rift between Prince Charles’s two sons shows no sign of healing. Hopes of a reconciliation have been damaged by the revelation that Harry has written a memoir, due to be published before the end of the year. The book is expected to reopen wounds over the Sussexes’ claim of racism inside the Royal Family and allegations that Meghan bullied palace staff. 