Environmentalist Ali Tabrizi and hunting advocate Diggory Hadoke were embroiled in a debate over Freya the walrus being put down when they appeared on Tuesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. ITV hosts Charlotte Hawkins and Rob Rinder challenged Diggory after he defended the controversial decision to put the 600kg animal down when she had not harmed anyone. Freya was euthanised on Sunday following the refusal of crowds to stay away from her after she was seen basking in the sun on boats in waters near Oslo. "People were there trying to swim and get in the water with Freya," said Charlotte, who was "saddened" by the euthanisation said.Diggory replied: "It's an animal in a situation where it could hurt people and in that situation, the animal always loses."Robert fumed: "Should you do everything possible to make that animal safe before killing it? READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers   Other viewers told their followers how saddened they were by the decision to put down the walrus. Kez raged: "Disgusting that an animal had to be killed because people couldn't use their common sense and stay away. #GMB." Sarah Jane Palmer added: "It’s abhorrent that anyone would put down Freya. She was happy and healthy. "Absolute shame on humanity too that so many tried to get photos with her, interrupting her sleep and throwing things to get her attention. Humanity needs putting to sleep tbh #FreyaTheWalrus @GMB." (sic) DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers [LATEST]Keir Starmer 'cut off' after Rob Rinder clash over strike [MUST SEE]Keir Starmer clashes with GMB hosts on cost of living grilling [UPDATE] As the Good Morning Britain row continued, Diggory added: "Animals like this are inconsequential, it's a shame." Rob raged in response to his comments: "What did you just say? Inconsequential?" Diggory interjected: "Sometimes when human-animal conflict happens, as I say, unfortunately, people will always take the view to protect humans. "They were told not to go [near her] and they did and unfortunately, the authorities have to protect stupid people."   "My jaw is open, sorry I am so shocked", Rob replied before the hunting advocate said: "The Government knows when they do something like this there will be a massive backlash. "We give these animals names, people want to get close to them and swim with them and treat them like there are things on television, [but] they are wild, dangerous animals." Ali, on the other hand, thought more efforts should have been made to make the public keep their distance from Freya. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV. 