Commentator James Woodhuysen said that "action is needed right now", as energy prices across the UK soar. Calling on the Government to start fracking for shale gas and drilling for more North Sea Gas, the commentator said: "None of these options will come online fast enough to make a difference this winter – but we should be doing everything we can to avoid prolonging this crisis." Writing in Spiked magazine, he added: "Whenever politicians do touch on the issue of supply, they tend to put going green above questions of speed and reliability. "Building more wind turbines would take far longer than extracting gas we can then use in existing power plants and boilers. "Besides, the energy wind turbines provide can only ever be intermittent, which means we will still need more gas at our disposal to use as a back-up source of power. "Renewable energy cannot solve this crisis." This comes as the UK and Europe are gearing up for a winter energy crisis. Energy prices are expected to rise as high as £3,582 per year in October, according to energy industry analysts Cornwall Insight. Meanwhile, the UK Government is reportedly preparing for blackouts to impact the country over the winter. According to PoliticsHome, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) told figures in the food and drink industry it considers blackouts to be theoretically possible. The outlet reported that the Government asked industry figures for their views on how major power outages could affect food supplies in the UK. It was claimed the UK could be faced with up to four days of power cuts and blackouts in January, as part of a winter contingency plan. READ MORE: Brits told to reduce temperature of boilers The Government's "reasonable worst-case scenario" plan reportedly shows that Britain could face an electricity capacity shortfall totalling about a sixth of peak demand. The shortage would occur even after emergency coal plants have been fired up, according to people familiar with the government’s planning who spoke to Bloomberg. This would mean the UK could be forced to endure organised blackouts for industry and even households. Under the plans, below-average temperatures and reduced electricity imports from Norway could result in Britain needing to trigger emergency measures to conserve gas for four days. DON'T MISS:'Starmer's energy windfall tax would be a costly mistake' [OPINION]Putin's plot to FREEZE Germany backfires spectacularly [REPORT] Households underestimate energy bill rises despite predictions [INSIGHT] The issue is expected to be exacerbated by Norway's recent announcement that the country plans to limit its energy exports to the UK and Europe this winter. This could mean that fuel rationing in the UK becomes necessary. The UK is expected to be more dependent than ever on the Continent for power this winter. The National Grid expects the UK to be able to draw on 5.7 gigawatts of power from Europe – equal to around 10 percent of demand at peak times. But around a quarter of this figure, 1.4gigawatts, is expected to come from Norway.