There have been ongoing tensions between the Royal Family and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle for a number of years, particularly since the Sussexes decided to step down as senior royals in 2020. There has been speculation for some time as to whether the wounds will be healed, but according to royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell, there will be "no coming together" between the Royal Family and the Sussexes. Speaking on BBC News, Mr Witchell said: "I know how hard they tried to make it work. "But it didn't, for whatever reason, generally in these situations, there is an element of fault. "If you like, on both sides. "There was just no coming together between the Palace and the Sussexes, and perhaps Meghan in particular." READ MORE: 'Exasperated': Harry complains about having to 'fix' £12m mansion in chat with Meghan He added this could be because she was "coming in from an American actress from the West Coast of America." Mr Witchell continued: "Try as undoubtably as she did to fit in. "But it just didn't work out." He added that that Meghan potentially "perceives to be the case" that she "upset the dynamic of the hierarchy." READ MORE: Meghan Markle puts Royal Family on alert AGAIN as Duchess' new podcast released - DETAILS "As I say that is how she perceives it", Mr Witchell added. He noted as the Queen once said, "recollections may vary". Meghan and Harry made the announcement that they were to step down as senior working royals in January 2020. DON'T MISS Queen issues 'deeply saddening' news as she carries on working [REVEAL]Give poor Harry and Meghan a break and let them live their lives WHALE [COMMENT]Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well' [INSIGHT] The couple's final royal engagement took place in March 2020, shortly before the first lockdown began. The couple have returned to the UK a handful of times, including for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. They are set to return to the UK next month to, according to their spokesperson, attend a few events from charities "close to their hearts". READ NEXT: