The court has refused to delay the withdrawal of life-sustaining treatment from 12-year-old Archie beyond 12pm on Tuesday. The child, from Southend-on-Sea, Essex, was found unconscious at home in Southend, Essex, on April 7. He has since relied on a mechanical ventilator. The youngster was due to have his life-support at the Royal London Hospital in east London ended at 2pm today (Monday), but his parents Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee made a last-ditch application to the United Nations (UN) Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities last week, prompting a hearing that began at 11am this morning. Barts Health NHS Trust, which is treating Archie, had said in a letter to his parents "no supplemental oxygen will be given" after the endotracheal tube of his ventilator is removed today. This, the letter added, was to "preserve Archie's dignity". However, the UN committee issued a request to the UK Government on Friday, asking that it "refrain from withdrawing life-preserving medical treatment, including mechanical ventilation and artificial nutrition and hydration" from Archie while his case is under consideration. READ MORE: London horror – Firefighters battling ferocious grass blaze as thick black smoke billows The Government's legal department then wrote an urgent letter yesterday (Sunday) on behalf of Health Secretary Steve Barclay, asking the courts to urgently consider the committee's request. The Court of Appeal began considering the issues at a hearing earlier today and is due to give a ruling. Doctors at the Royal London hospital believe Archie is "brain-stem dead" and said continued life-support treatment is not in his best interests. He has never recovered consciousness since his mother discovered him with a ligature over his head after she believes he took part in an online challenge. A judge backed the doctors in June and said they could lawfully stop treating him. But the family says Archie should be given a chance to recover, with his mother refusing to leave his bedside on Sunday after doctors said his treatment would be stopped, according to reports. Ms Dance had pleaded with Stephen Barclay, the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, to "act immediately" to stop the treatment ending. She said: "Archie is entitled to have the decisions about his life and death, taken by the NHS and UK courts, to be scrutinised by an international human rights body." Alistair Chesser, Chief Medical Officer for Barts Health NHS Trust, said prior to the hearing: "Our deepest sympathies are with Archie's family at this difficult time." DON'T MISSPutin health fears: Puffy-faced despot spotted in new pictures [IMAGES]Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles ahead of new memoir [INSIGHT]Scorching 42C Spanish heatwave sparks panic as NINE alerts issued [FORECAST] What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He continued: "We understand a Court hearing will take place on Monday morning and we await the outcome. "The plan to withdraw treatment will proceed unless the court directs otherwise." In written submissions to the court, Edward Devereux QC, acting for Ms Dance and Mr Battersbee, said the committee’s request was "binding" under international law. He argued any failure to abide by the committee’s request, made in accordance with the UN Convention on the Rights of People with Disabilities which was signed and ratified by the UK in 2008 and 2009, would amount to a "flagrant, egregious and unacceptable breach of international law". Mr Devereux asked the court to grant a stay to prevent the withdrawal of life-sustaining treatment until after the committee has had time to consider Archie's case, but said he didn't know how long that would take. As an alternative, he asked the court to grant a stay within the next week to give time to seek more information from the committee as to the likely timescale for its decision. He told the court: "What this court is considering now is whether it is going to be complicit in a flagrant breach of international law." Mr Devereux also argued that it would be "wholly inappropriate" for the court to reach a decision without the Government being required to provide its views on the committee's request. However, Lady Justice King, one of the judges hearing the urgent application, said the Government has chosen not to intervene in the case.