Kate Winslet, 46, is one of the most successful actresses, starring in several films and TV shows. Kate is currently estimated to be worth around £50million having been in the film industry for over 25 years. She shot to fame in Titanic, which was the highest-grossing film of all time with worldwide takings of £1.2billion. Other films have since taken the top spot. Titanic earned Kate a best actress Oscar nomination and sparked her career in Hollywood films. Born in Reading, Berkshire, Kate now lives in West Wittering. She has been thought to live there since 2015 with her husband Edward Abel Smith, nephew of Sir Richard Branson and her three children. In an interview last year, Kate spoke about having a very happy home life. READ MORE: House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ She praised her “superheat, superhuman, stay-at-home” husband Edward Abel Smith in the New York Times. Edward, 44, is the father of Bear, eight, while Mia, 21, and Joe, 18, are from her previous two marriages with Jim Threapleton and Sam Mendes. Kate’s Grade-II listed home is now thought to be worth more than £4million. She also put forward plants to build a long seawall to protect her property back in 2015, which was overturned following opposition from environmental groups. DON'T MISS:How to stop ants nesting in your plant pots - ‘deters’ pests [COMMENT]Peace lily: ‘Vital’ care tips for ‘difficult’ plant [EXPLAINER]Three ‘simple steps’ to protect the lawn through a drought [INSIGHT] In 2018, Kate gave permission for her beachside home to be a location for her movie Blackbird. West Wittering is a village and civil parish situated near Chichester, West Sussex. The beach in West Wittering has previously been named one of the most desirable beaches in Britain, attracting thousands of visitors each year. The extensive acres of grass close to the beach are also perfect for parking and picnic. READ MORE: Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea West Wittering is often recognised for its wildlife, birds and unique beauty. The village isn’t far from Chichester which has great transport links, eateries and shops. Average house prices in the area are £713,198, according to Rightmove. The majority of sales in West Wittering during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average of £895,925. Semi-detached homes sold for an average of £558,154, with flats fetching £277,333. Overall, sold prices in the area over the last year were two percent down on the previous year and 16 percent up on the 2017 peak of £613,462. Kate owns one of the most searched for celebrity homes in the UK, according to Pure Property Finance. With direct access to a stunning sandy beach, properties in the area rarely come onto the market. At the time of writing there are just 17 properties for sale in West Wittering on Rightmove. It has had notable residents over the years, including Michael Ball, Sir Henry Royce, Keith Richards and Sarah Ayton.