The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said he had been charged with “being near to the person of the Queen, wilfully producing a loaded crossbow with intent to use the same to injure the person of Her Majesty.” Chail has also been charged with threats to kill under section 16 of the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 and possession of an offensive weapon under section 1 of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953. He is currently in custody and will appear at Westminster Magistrates Court in London on August 17. In the aftermath of the incident on Christmas Day, Chail was sectioned under the Mental Health Act as a video emerged of a masked and hooded man aiming a black crossbow at the camera and threatening to kill the Queen to avenge the Amristrar massacre of 1919 when British troops opened fire on Indian protesters, killing several hundred and wounding many more. Nick Price, head of the CPS Special Crime and Counter-Terrorism Division, said his service has authorised the Metropolitan Police to charge Chail “after he was arrested in the grounds of Windsor Castle on December 25 2021 carrying a crossbow”. “Mr Chail, 20, has been charged with making threats to kill, possession of an offensive weapon and an offence under the 1842 Treason Act,” he added. “The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Mr Chail are active and that he has the right to a fair trial.” Under the 1842 Treason Act, it is an offence to assault the Queen, or have a firearm or offensive weapon in her presence with intent to injure or alarm her or to cause a breach of peace. The Act was introduced as a lesser offence to high treason after Prince Albert asked Parliament to find an alternative to the death penalty for people intending to alarm or wound the monarch following attacks on Queen Victoria in 1842. In 1981, Marcus Sarjeant was jailed for five years under section 2 of the Act after firing six blank shots at the Queen while she was riding down The Mall in central London during Trooping the Colour. The last person to be convicted under the separate and more serious 1351 Treason Act was William Joyce, also known as Lord Haw-Haw, who was hanged in Wandsworth Prison in 1946 for collaborating with Germany during the Second World War.