Members of the SSO, a branch of the Ukrainian military formed exclusively from their most highly-trained soldiers (Spetsnaz), uncovered a plot to launch a surprise attack and intercepted them before they could cross over. In the footage, released by the SSO, soldiers can be seen firing rocket-propelled grenades (RPGs) down a plane of grass towards the enemy. With a camera mounted on a soldier's helmet, it then shows him reloading his gun and returning to the firing point, where he took aim at the Russians. The SSO released the following statement after the attack: " When the Russian occupiers formed a strike-reconnaissance group, the soldiers of the Special Operations Forces advanced to intercept the enemy. “The main goal was to prevent the Russians from deploying into combat formations and further manoeuvring towards the positions of the Defense Forces.” The SSO specialises in roles including various special forces-related duties such as direct action, special reconnaissance, intelligence gathering, sabotage and psychological warfare. It is only one of several teams that make up the entirety of the special operations units in Ukraine, all of which have been vital to the fight against Russia.   Meanwhile, Ukraine called for new sanctions on Russia and highlighted the risks and consequences of a catastrophe at Europe's biggest nuclear plant, where fresh shelling nearby has reignited a blame game between both sides. Ukrainian and Russian-installed officials have traded accusations over who is responsible for attacks close to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant in southern Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned Russian soldiers that if they attack the site in the now Russian-controlled city of Enerhodar, or use it as a base to shoot from, then they will become a “special target”. In a late night address on Monday, Mr Zelensky said: “If through Russia's actions a catastrophe occurs the consequences could hit those who for the moment are silent. “If now the world does not show strength and decisiveness to defend one nuclear power station, it will mean that the world has lost.” READ MORE: Russia forces British aircraft out of airspace [REVEAL]   Vladimir Rogov, a Russia-installed official in Enerhodar, said on Monday about 25 heavy artillery strikes from US-made M777 howitzers had hit near the nuclear plant and residential areas during a two-hour period. Russia's Interfax news agency, quoting the press service of Enerhodar's Russian-appointed administration, said Ukrainian forces had opened fire, with blasts near the power plant. But according to the head of the administration of the Nikopol district, which lies across the river from Enerhodar and remains under Ukrainian control, it was Russian forces that had shelled the city to try to make it appear that Ukraine was attacking it. “The Russians think they can force the world to comply with their conditions by shelling the Zaporizhzhia NPP (nuclear power plant),” Andriy Yermak, chief of the Ukrainian presidential staff, wrote on Twitter. DON'T MISS: Putin left red-faced over ‘terrible’ Ukraine battlefield plan [REVEAL] Ukraine: Horror as Putin tipped for SECOND European invasion [REPORT] Putin chilling warning as he offers weapons to allies [REVEAL]   The United Nations has said it has the logistics and security capacity to support a visit by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) if both Russia and Ukraine agree. Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu held a phone call with UN secretary general Antonio Guterres to discuss conditions for the safe functioning of the plant, the ministry said on Monday. “In close cooperation with the agency and its leadership, we will do everything necessary for the IAEA specialists to be at the station and give a truthful assessment of the destructive actions of the Ukrainian side,” Russia's foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said. But Igor Vishnevetsky, deputy head of the foreign ministry's nuclear proliferation and arms control department, was later quoted as saying it would be too dangerous for any IAEA mission to travel through the capital Kyiv to inspect the plant. “Imagine what it means to pass through Kyiv - it means they get to the nuclear plant through the front line,” RIA news agency quoted Mr Vishnevetsky as saying. READ NEXT: Putin humiliated as Russian full mobilisation to backfire on economyWest MUST stop Kremlin 'big bullies' in Ukraine 'doing whatever'Two more down as Zelensky's heroes BATTER Putin warehousesRussia uprising as anti-Putin protesters deface giant 'Z'Russian misery laid bare as soldier’s mum worries about his iPhone 