A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle has revealed that the couple will return to the UK next month. They said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September.” The trip is expected to involve a visit to Manchester on September 5, where the couple will attend the One Young World summit. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'will want to visit the Queen' as schedules overlap Meghan is a counsellor for the organisation whose event will bring together young leaders from more than 190 countries. They will then travel to Europe, heading to Dusseldorf, Germany, on September 6. Here they will attend the One Year to Go event for the 2023 Invictus Games, taking place in the city next year, and will shortly after return to the UK for the WellChild Awards on September 8. The couple previously attended the awards in 2019 before stepping down from their roles as senior working royals the following year. They now reside in Montecito, California, and have visited the UK on only a handful of occasions. Harry and Meghan last travelled the UK in June for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. It is not known if the couple will be travelling with their two children – three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet – who accompanied them on their last trip. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan RETURN: Duke & Duchess set date to ‘visit charities' [LATEST]Harry memoir to be ‘most devastating royal release’ since Diana book [INSIGHT]Prince William and Kate 'will show Harry and Meghan how it is done' [ANALYSIS] The couple’s spokesperson did not offer any details on whether Harry and Meghan would be meeting any members of the Royal Family or where they would be staying during their trip. In April, on their way to the Invictus Games in The Hague, The Netherlands, the couple stopped over in Windsor to meet the Queen, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Last year, Harry returned to the UK on two occasions: the first to attend his grandfather Prince Philip's funeral, and later to unveil a statue of his late mother Princess Diana alongside his brother Prince William. The couple did not return for Prince Philip’s memorial service in March and no reason was given for their planned absence. So what do YOU think? Do you support Meghan and Harry’s return to the UK next month? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.