Alpine boss Otmar Szafnauer has spoken out on Fernando Alonso's planned move to Aston Martin, claiming that the first time he became aware of the switch was when he read the press release. The Spaniard caught many by surprise when the end-of-season move was announced on Monday, with Alonso poised to replace the retiring Sebastian Vettel. Alonso put in a solid performance at the Hungarian Grand Prix, finishing P8 ahead of Alpine team-mate Esteban Ocon. The team as a whole have improved steadily during 2022, and are in an entertaining battle with McLaren for fourth spot in the Constructors' Championship. Nevertheless, news broke of Alonso's planned switch to Aston on Monday. The double world champion will replace retiring four-time champ Vettel, who will walk away from the sport at the end of the season after a glittering career. According to F1 journalist Adam Cooper, Alpine boss Szafnauer claims to have had no idea about Alonso's departure until he read the Aston press release. Furthermore, he had a chat with the veteran driver the night before and he was still under the impression that he would be staying on with the French team. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell sweating over FIA rule change ahead of possible 'vote'  As part of Monday's announcement, Alonso said: "This Aston Martin team is clearly applying the energy and commitment to win, and it is therefore one of the most exciting teams in Formula One today. "I have known Lawrence and Lance [Stroll] for many years and it is very obvious that they have the ambition and passion to succeed in Formula One. I have watched as the team has systematically attracted great people with winning pedigrees, and I have become aware of the huge commitment to new facilities and resources at Silverstone. "No one in Formula One today is demonstrating a greater vision and absolute commitment to winning, and that makes it a really exciting opportunity for me." This season Aston are trailing far behind Alpine with only 20 points on the board between their current duo of Vettel and Lance Stroll. The latter's father, Lawrence, is part-owner of the F1 team and claims to have 'admired Alonso for many years'. While both Alpine stars finished in the points on Sunday, Vettel and Stroll were on the fringes with a respectable P10 and P11 finish. As a lack of pace stands in the way of consistent points this season, Alonso's former Ferrari team-mate, Felipe Massa, has branded the switch 'strange'. "It was a bit strange to hear the news he had signed for Aston Martin," the Brazilian told Sky Sports. "I think Aston Martin has a lot to gain with Fernando there. I don’t know if Fernando has a lot to gain with Aston Martin. "The most important thing for Fernando is to have a competitive car, to show what he’s able to do. But if things stay the same as it is now, Fernando fighting for 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th position I don’t think will be really interesting for him."