The savvy Scot runs Chloe's Deal Club and shares tips and advice with her followers on TikTok. She says anyone can sign up to market research companies and earn £30 an hour as a side hustle. Earning money through market research is nothing new but it could be something Britons haven’t yet tried to make saivings to pay for their energy bills. Chloe, a deal hunting expert, has tried it herself and gets paid at least £30 per hour when she takes part, according to the Scottish Sun. The TikTok star said: "A really easy way to increase your income where you literally have to have no experience at all is by doing market research. "And so many people don't realise how easy this is - and the hourly rate works out really good.” READ MORE: 10 groups of Britons who are due council tax rebate - could you be? She’s not the first money expert to recommend that people try market research as a way to earn money from home. Al Baker, who runs The Penny Pincher, told Express.co.uk how people can earn £50 an hour for taking part in market research. “I’ve also made extra money by working for food delivery companies which currently aren’t as profitable, due to the cost of fuel, but are still profit makers.” DON'T MISSState pension increase - what rates might you expect in April 2023? [UPDATE]British Gas offering people 'in debt' up to £1,500 for energy bills [ALERT]Building Society offering account with 5% rate [UPDATE]You could save almost £1,000 a year on energy bills with two hacks [INSIGHT] Al Baker’s 10 money making tips: READ MORE: DWP confirms new date PIP and other benefit payments will be paid Al added: “You could take on a lodger, rent out your garden to campers, rent your house out to photographers or film-makers or earn extra cash by picking fruit when in season. “Or if you have a skill such as graphic design you could offer your services through online platforms such as Fiverr.” He also recommends hiring out one’s parking space as this works out at money for nothing. It could be worth over £100 a month depending on whether people live near a city, train station or tourist spot. Meanwhile, Express.co.uk has also come up with some money making ideas: