The group, named Labour for a Republic, is a "pressure group of members and supporters of the Labour Party who campaign for the party to adopt a policy which would achieve the abolition of the British Monarchy." The anti-royalists campaign to replace the monarchy with a democratic republic.  Following news that the Duke of York still receives police protection, a spokesperson took to their Twitter account. They fumed: "The Royal Family shame this country every day. "They embody inequality and privilege. They are out of touch with the nation, which they exploit." Following a review of his security arrangements, Prince Andrew will keep his state-funded police bodyguards, it has been reported.  The Prince's Metropolitan Police and Home Office security detail was assessed after the Queen stripped her second-eldest son of his military affiliations and royal patronages and removed his HRH title. In February 2022, Virginia Giuffre, who accused the Prince of sexual assault, reached an out-of-court settlement, with no admission of wrongdoing on Andrew's part. A statement released at the time said the Prince "intends to make a substantial donation to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights". Prince Andrew vehemently denies any wrongdoing in relation to Ms Giuffre.  READ MORE: Kate tipped to become 'a fantastic Princess of Wales' by fans The Daily Telegraph reported that the Royal and VIP Executive Committee concluded that Andrew was still entitled to the round-the-clock police protection. He will still be accompanied by a personal protection officer whenever he leaves his home. Permanent security arrangements are in place for the 30-room Royal Lodge on the Queen’s Windsor estate. Andrew's daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie lost their taxpayer-funded protection after a row in 2011.  DON'T MISS:Henry VIII breakthrough, document reveals monarch's 'grief' for Boleyn [INSIGHT]Huge blow for Sturgeon as SNP loses one of the biggest councils [COMMENT]Clapham evacuated: Police with dogs investigate 'suspicious package' [PICTURES] A report published suggested Eugenie spent more than £100,000 of taxpayers' money as she travelled the world on her gap year. Prince Charles was said to have stepped in at the time. Despite paying for her own hotels and travel, the security bill was funded by the taxpayer. Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex also do not have round-the-clock security. They are only guarded by police protection officers while carrying out official duties and engagements. 