A disgruntled passenger who faced severe delays to her easyJet flight blamed Brexit for the issues. While queuing at Athens airport, passenger Candida Jones spotted Mr Gove in a similar predicament and confronted the politician about the issues. Ms Jones, who is a former Labour councillor, described Mr Gove as being "polite but very passive-aggressive". She said he insisted the delays were not caused by Brexit. Ms Jones challenged the politician - who was one of the leading advocates for Brexit - to name "opportunities" which have arisen from leaving the EU, to which he responded by citing agricultural reforms and the vaccine rollout. Speaking to the Mirror about the encounter, Ms Jones claimed: "I said 'come on, this is just ridiculous. "There’s nothing about being an EU member that in any way impeded us from doing the vaccine rollout sooner’. "I said ‘you are a smart guy, and know what you are telling me is not true, and you have got to stop treating the British people as if we’re stupid." She described Mr Gove as being "polite but very passive-aggressive". Ms Jones continued: "He said, I’m on my holiday and this is not the appropriate place for this conversation - that was the gist. "I said yes, and I’m on my holiday and I’ve spent 30 hours trying to get home!" LIVE UPDATES: Brexit LIVE: 'Relations will get worse' European Union fears erupt She said Mr Gove's words implied: "I thank you for the opportunity of hearing your views but I don’t think you and I are going to persuade each other." While the 50-year-old blamed Brexit for the delays, she admitted it is "impossible for anyone to quantify" how much airport delays are due to Brexit, compared to post-Covid staff shortages. However, she noted that several public figures have been "pointing the finger squarely at Brexit and saying the issues in the UK are compounded by Brexit." DON'T MISS: Brexit: Truss told to scrap Sunak’s ‘global tax stitch-up’ [INSIGHT] Liz Truss urged to stand up to Brexit-bashing Joe Biden [REACTION] EU to use IndyRef2 plot to make relations 'more difficult' with UK [REVEAL] An ally of Mr Gove told the Mirror: "He was polite as always". Writing about the situation on Twitter, Ms Jones said: "Almost 30hr delay to our @easyjet flight now. "I'm told the problem's a lack of staff due to the pandemic compounded, in the case of the UK, by #Brexit. "So it's at least some consolation to find arch Brexiteer @michaelgove caught up in the same s***show #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles". When asked by another Twitter user, Phil Simmons (@biffboff75) if she had "discussed" the issue with Mr Gove, Ms Jones responded: "Oh yes". Another user, Ming Ho (@Minghowriter) asked: "What did he say to justify it?", the passenger responded: "He thanked me for the opportunity of hearing that my daughter's opportunities have been diminished by Brexit."