 Across England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, public transport is can often take up a large chunk of a person's income if that is the only mode of transport they can access. However, some people can access free travel – by bus or even, in a few rare cases, rail – depending on where they live, their age, and whether or not they have a disability. Pensioners in England receive the free older person's bus pass when they reach the state pension age - which is currently 66 years old.     This pass can be an essential lifeline for older people as it can provide them with a feeling of independence if they are unable to drive. State pensioners can apply for this pass with their local authority. Those in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are able to claim the freebie a little younger at 60 years. People in England may be able to travel on local buses for free from 60, however, this is dependent on where they live.  READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues scam warning on ‘today only’ supermarket voucher     For example, if a person lives in London, they can travel free on buses, tubes and other public transport with a Freedom Pass when they reach 60. However, this can only be within the city. In England, children under a certain age can usually travel free of charge on public buses and is usually only allowed if the child is accompanied by a fee-paying adult. This also can vary between the different bus operators and people are urged to double-check with their journey operators. In Scotland, all children under five go free on buses. In Wales, children under 11 years are able to travel for free on buses and trains, when accompanied by an adult ticket holder and those under 16 can also benefit from free off-peak travel.    Other groups of Britons can also be eligible for a free bus pass depending on where they live in the UK, yet, not everyone is making the most of this benefit. Those who have certain disabilities can also apply for free travel passes. This includes those who are deaf or unable to speak, someone who cannot walk very far because of disability, illness or injury, and those who don’t have arms or can’t use their arms. It also includes people who have severe learning disabilities. READ MORE: Britons can save up to £12,000 in energy bills within five years      Those who have been refused a driving licence because of their health provided it is not because of problems with drugs or alcohol, are able to get one. Those who are claiming Universal Credit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) may also be able to get 50 percent off their travel whilst they are looking for work. If people think they may be able to apply for a free bus pass, they should get in touch with their local council, this is because the eligibility can differ depending on the local council. In Scotland, anyone under the age of 22 is able to claim a free bus pass. Previously, this was offered to those who were under 18 years.      This was introduced by the Scottish Government in January of this year and is available to those aged between five and 21 years. Older Britons can also receive cheaper train journeys by purchasing a Senior Railcard which gives someone a third off the cost of their train. People can either buy them to last for one year or three years and it costs £30 or £70 respectively. Those who have a disability and meet certain criteria may also be allowed to get a Disabled Person’s Railcard. This is priced at £20 for one year or £54 for three. Those who claim disability support benefits such as Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance, or Severe Disablement Allowance are able to claim one. It is also available to those who are deaf, use a hearing aid, are registered as having a visual impairment or have epilepsy. Earlier this month, Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham announced that it was to cap the price of a single bus journey at £2 for adults and £1 for children from September 4. Multi-operator day tickets have also been announced to be capped at a maximum of £5. When announced, Mr Burnham stated that the move had been brought forward a year in order to support people and allow them to travel in the city during the cost of living crisis. Mr Burnham announced earlier this year his plan to bring buses in Manchester into public ownership by 2023.     