Married At First Sight UK is on E4 now and series seven marks the longest season yet, with 30 episodes. This means there are plenty of new activities for the couple to take part in, including Love and Hate week. The experts spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about some make-or-break moments. MAFS fans are ready for more drama as the couples start to tie the knot, having never met before. They have all come with certain expectations and for some, their partners are beyond what they ever imagined. Yet others may have set the bar too high when it comes to finding their one true love. In previous seasons, this has resulted in some couple-swapping, with participants 'cheating' on their partners. Paul Brunson teased the same can be expected in the new series. READ MORE: Married At First Sight star teases mid-season twist with 'intruders' He said: "What's really interesting is that every cast member becomes a little bit more astute than the previous series. "I think part of that is being aware that you know what, even though I'm matched with someone, there is a possibility of someone else in this group being a potential for me. "I think that is even more evident this series than any series I have worked on previously." Paul said this season includes the most diverse cast he has ever witnessed, with two same-sex couples joining. He added: "It's not just having two same sexes, it's ethnicity, it's geography, it's political persuasion. "You are going to have a Boris Johnson lover on this season, it's a true cross-section of the UK. "I think that's very important for reality TV in this day and age because we often at times get a typecast. "Unfortunately the viewers can't see themselves in the cast and therefore they are connecting purely on an entertainment level. "But when you can see yourself in a cast member you can then connect on another level." The show is also known and loved for its explosive dinner parties and commitment ceremonies as the couples come together to discuss their feelings. DON'T MISS... Thomas and Adrian MAFS: What happened to Thomas and Adrian? [INSIGHT] Duka height: How tall is MAFS UK star Duka? [EXPLAINER] April and George MAFS UK: What happened to April and George? [INSIGHT] Expert Charlene Douglas warned there will be plenty more dinner party drama to come. "It's fair to say when you bring lots of people around the dinner table, we know this within our own families, you are going to get a certain element of drama, confrontation and conflict," she said. "So I'd say this year is no different so viewers have definitely got a lot to look forward to this year without a doubt." Fellow expert Mel Schilling detailed a new element of the experiment, known as the MAFS Retreat. This holiday will see all of the couples go away together as a group. She said: "You know what it's like in real life when you go away with other couples, all sorts of issues can come to the surface. "You don't really know someone until you travel with them so quite often it can become a little hotbed of excitement. "Sometimes conflict does bubble to the surface as well and it tends to intensify a lot of what has been going on for the couples once they are outside, it's a lot of fun." Another new element, Love and Hate week, will see the couples forced to open up about what they like and dislike about each other.  Married At First Sight UK airs from Monday to Thursday on E4.