With a net worth of $30million (£24.75million), it’s hardly surprising that Dame Julie Andrews has lived in some stunning homes. The Surrey-born actress is best known for her incredible film roles and iconic voice. Dame Julie has garnered numerous accolades throughout her career including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards, three Grammy Awards and six Golden Globe Awards. She has also received three Tony Award nominations. The English actress is best known for her role in Walt Disney's Mary Poppins (1964) and The Sound of Music (1965). Dame Julie’s career resurged in the 2000s when she starred in The Princess Diaries (2001) and The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement (2004). So where has Dame Julie lived over the years? Express.co.uk finds out. READ MORE: ‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step Dame Julie’s former Victorian mansion in Wimbledon came up for sale earlier this year. The property, which has 12 bedrooms, was reportedly on the market for an eye-watering £16.5million. The home was designed by well-known Victorian architect Edward J May. Known as West Lodge, the home is a Grade-II listed mansion that used to be split into three separate wings. DON'T MISSWhy has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden [INSIGHT]Britons warned against vinegar cleaning chore in summer [UPDATE]Wisteria pruning: The five bud rule you should always follow [ANALYSIS] Dame Julie is thought to have lived there briefly throughout the 1960s. The home was renovated in the early 2000s to become one single dwelling. The property was put on the market with planning approval to create a unique family home. The building has four floors, two kitchens, multiple reception rooms, a large cellar, eight bathrooms, two studies and a roof terrace on the second floor. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The home’s gardens are spacious with lots of trees and privacy. The home is located in one of the most sought-after addresses in Wimbledon. Back in 2018, another former home of Dame Julie was put on the market for £24million. The property, located in Chester Square, Belgravia, one of central London’s most sought-after addresses, had everything a person could need. The home was kitted out with a full gym, wine cellar, spa and jacuzzi, a seven-person lift and three terraces. The area has been home to other well-known individuals over the years including Andrew Lloyd Webber, Mick Jagger, Nigella Lawson and Margaret Thatcher.  It’s thought Dame Julie lived in the property during the 1970s. Dame Julie’s former Brentwood home reportedly sold for $2.64million (£2.18million). The actor reportedly bought the home in 1989 for just $1.2million (£990,000). She bought the home with her late husband Blake Edwards. The home has three bathrooms, four bedrooms, a pool and spa. The formal dining room had a cathedral ceiling and glass walls.