  Piers Morgan has described himself as “heartbroken” upon hearing the news of Archie Battersbee’s death after his life support was switched off today. The 12-year-old had been in hospital since April after he suffered a catastrophic brain injury, with his parents doing everything they could to try and continue his treatment.     Piers, 57, shared the sad announcement of Archie’s death with his 7.9 million Twitter followers today. It read: “Archie Battersbee died at 12.15pm on Saturday, his mother Hollie Dance has said outside the Royal London Hospital.” (sic) Piers retweeted the story, adding: “Such an incredibly sad story. “My heart breaks for Hollie and her family. RIP Archie.” READ MORE: Anne Heche 'rushed to hospital with burns as car crashes into house'     Archie’s mum Hollie described how Archie "fought right until the very end" as she stood outside the hospital in Whitechapel, east London this afternoon. She said: "In sadness, Archie passed at 12.15pm today. I would just like to say I am the proudest mum in the world. "He was such a beautiful little boy. He fought right until the very end, and I am so proud to be his mum." Archie’s parents had tried to fight for more time for their son after doctors treating him said he was brain-stem dead.      However, it was determined that continued life-support treatment was not in his best interests. The decision came after Archie’s devoted parents fought a highly publicised, long-running legal battle over the withdrawal of treatment. In recent days, they made bids to the High Court, Court of Appeal and European Court of Human Rights to have him transferred to a hospice to die. The little boy had been in a coma since April after he was found unconscious by his devastated mum, Hollie and was being kept alive only by a combination of medical interventions. READ MORE... Demi Rose bares all as she reclines topless narrowly covering modesty [PIC] Kate Humble's frustration over invasive question with husband [LATEST] Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [UPDATE]     Tributes have been pouring in for Archie, with Piers being one of the first celebrities to pay their respects. BAFTA nominee Kelly Hoppen shared a heartfelt message after hearing the terrible news. She tweeted: "My heart goes out to #ArchieBattersbee family - a mothers instinct is something that can’t be shown via a legal process and I can’t imagine what Archie’s family have been through." (sic) Author and palliative care doctor Rachel Clarke also paid tribute, writing: "A desperate day for Archie Battersbee's parents.      “Even when the relationship between family and hospital is strong, these situations are heartbreaking. When trust breaks down, even more so." Piers’ Talk TV colleague Richard Tice added: "So sad. RIP Archie Battersbee and deepest sympathies to his family and friends." Candles and cards have been left outside the hospital, on the pedestal of the Queen Alexandria statue in memory of Archie. Archie leaves behind mum Hollie and dad Paul Battersbee, who are now grieving their son’s death.  