With abroad holidays costing more and more each year, many are turning to staycations here in the UK. Whether staying for a night or a week, Mollie’s Motel & Diner in Oxfordshire, situated just off the A420 road, is perfect for all types of stays. As I drove to the site, the bright red Mollie’s Motel & Diner sign stood out with signs showing us where to park for the hotel, diner or drive-thru. Having never stayed in anything like Mollie’s before, I was pleasantly surprised when I stepped into reception. With a person on the reception desk 24/7, the lovely lady who checked us in told us everything we needed to know for our stay. There was a bar downstairs offering a variety of different drinks, including complimentary tea and coffee. The reception was also packed with toiletries and snacks, perfect for anyone who may have forgotten any essentials. Mollie’s provides five room options to welcome every type of traveller. With prices starting from £60, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the room came with luxury Cowshed toiletries, a Dyson hairdryer and GHD hair straighteners. There was also air conditioning which was a welcome sight due to the hot weather outside. READ MORE: University Arms Cambridge is a nod to the city's Britishness The room came with a desk, flat-screen TV and free WiFi; and I could even connect my phone to the Mollie’s app to control the TV as well as using it as a key pass to enter the room. Users can also access the hotel’s on-site electric vehicle high-speed charging bays from the app. I had a double room which had an extra large double bed with an inner courtyard view. The courtyard had seating where you could enjoy a quiet drink overlooking gorgeous shrubs and plants. The bedrooms feature Conran furniture and lighting, oak lined walls, terrazzo tiles and chrome finishes. No part of my stay at Mollie’s screamed “motel” to me other than it was situated off a busy main road. DON'T MISS:The 'safest' seaside town in the UK has 'beautiful' beach - full list [EXPLAINER]Cheap holidays: Expert tips to find the best deal 'savings jump 50%' [EXPERT]Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade [INSIGHT] Despite being so close to a main road, the hotel rooms were so quiet. The diner, which was situated next to the motel, had an extensive menu which I was so looking forward to trying out. From diner classics to healthier options, highlights include burgers and sandwiches with house made sauces, to salads and ribs. I decided to go for the half rack of ribs which came with charred corn, coleslaw and fries. The meat fell off the ribs instantly and were so tender and juicy. I had also never seen a bigger portion of chips in my life which was so nice to see due to portions in restaurants becoming smaller and smaller these days. READ MORE: How hand luggage could cause this terrifying problem My boyfriend opted for the chicken and waffles which came with buttermilk children, bacon and maple syrup. Despite not being something I would choose, the chicken was so tender and the waffles were light and fluffy, and my boyfriend said it was the best chicken he had ever tried. My boyfriend said it was the best chicken he had ever tried. The service was slightly slower than I have received in other restaurants but it was a busy Friday night and I could appreciate the staff were doing everything they could to make sure customers were getting their food. Plus, I’d rather wait longer and receive a delicious meal than be rushed. Heading back to the hotel room, we stopped off for a drink in the courtyard. I went for a hot chocolate which again, was reasonably priced and delicious. After a comfortable stay in our room, we headed back to the diner to see what the breakfast menu had to offer. Unlike dinner, I had real trouble deciding what I fancied, with so much on the menu to choose from. From pancakes to waffles to a full English breakfast, it was so hard to decide. I settled on the pancake stack with berries and cream and there was a lot of cream. It was nice to see the pancakes coming with fresh raspberries, strawberries and blueberries instead of a compote, and I thoroughly enjoyed them. My boyfriend opted for the eggs benedict and he said the eggs were cooked to perfection. We are both so eager to revisit Mollie’s to try more of the food menu and overall had a very nice and comfortable stay at the Oxfordshire location. Mollie’s also has a motel and diner in Bristol which opened last summer and I will definitely be adding to my list of places to stay.