On Wednesday night, as part of TalkTV's News Desk Special, Jamie Vardy's wife sat down with host Kate McCann in her first TV interview since the widely publicised Wagatha Christie trial. Last week, a judge ruled that Rebekah provided evidence that was "manifestly inconsistent" during the trial against Coleen Rooney. Rebekah sued Coleen for defamation. In the court's ruling, Mrs Justice Steyn said it was "likely" that Mrs Vardy's agent at the time, Caroline Watt, "undertook the direct act" of passing the information to The Sun, which led to the infamous social media sting which saw Coleen calling out Rebekah for leaking false stories about her. The judge told the court she believed the evidence showed that Rebekah "knew of and condoned" the behaviour "actively engaging in it by directing Ms Watt to the private Instagram account, sending her screenshots of Mrs Rooney's posts". She continued: "Drawing attention to items of potential interest to the press, and answering additional queries raised by the press via Ms Watt." READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history 'So nervous' Death in Paradise's Ralf Little refused to watch himself in BBC series The judge concluded: "In my judgment, the conclusions that I have reached as to the extent to which the claimant engaged in disclosing to The Sun information to which she only had access as a permitted follower of an Instagram account which she knew, and Mrs Rooney repeatedly asserted, was private, suffice to show the single meaning is substantially true." Despite losing the trial against Coleen, Rebekah insisted to Kate that she never leaked any stories about Wayne Rooney's wife. She went on to recall how the past two years have affected her mental health and her family. Rebekah admitted she has stopped her children from going to football matches due to the amount of abuse she receives. However, the interview angered viewers, with many taking to social media to question why TalkTV was giving Rebekah air time. As the interview began, Harry Kryshna posted: "Car crash incoming!" "Watched 20 minutes and bored…," user @may_gilchrist fumed. Kelly asked: "Why is #RebekahVardy STILL dragging this out Embarrassing!" (sic)  DON'T MISS...What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton savages Gary Lineker over tweet backlash [VIDEO]Rebekah Vardy breaks down in interview since Wagatha Christie trial [REACTION] "This interview is excruciating to watch, does she really think the viewers are that stupid?" Stacy Mac said. While Simon added: "Why are they trying to get us to care about this Rebekah Vardy s**t? I have no idea what it's about and I really would like it to remain that way ." Jane tweeted: "No one cares I can't believe that this is even news. A couple of z listers." Despite the backlash, some viewers praised Kate for her interview technique. Maria Dodds penned: "A great interview Kate. Apologies for sounding superficial but you look amazing." Phil Jones quizzed: "I'm not the target audience for this. "It's a well-constructed interview and your questioning is compassionate and incisive but no idea why this interview is instead of The News Desk." "@RebekahVardy I'm team Vardy xx believed you from the beginning xxxx," Karen tweeted. (sic) User @@allaboutadd went on to praise: "Good interview and a lot better than anything the BBC would put out!! Thought RV came across very well and was clearly speaking from the heart, good for her in fighting for what she believes is right!!" The News Desk airs weekdays at 7pm on TalkTV.