The poster appeared on a noticeboard outside Halling Baptist Church in Vicarage Road, Halling, Kent, on Saturday (August 27), leading outraged locals to criticise the message as bigoted. It read: "We don't celebrate Pride, we preach Christ crucified." Elizabeth Kitchener, who lives in the same street, created her own "Be Kind" poster, which was decorated in rainbow colours by her son Alfred before she pasted it over the one stuck to the noticeboard. She told KentOnline: "I was shocked and disgusted to have a bigoted message being publicly shown. "I decided to have a chat with my kids about it and my eldest Alfred said he wanted to colour a rainbow with 'Be Kind' on it. "I think it's clear a lot of people in the village were not happy with the message shown. I had neighbours smiling with big thumbs up as I was walking back home."  She added that a Facebook Post gained a lot of attention with most of it being outrage at such an outdated and bigoted message. The mum continued: "One person made a very good point: it's one thing not to celebrate Pride, but another thing altogether to be publicly annoyed about it and infer you are opposed to it." However, others disagreed. Paul Kerkham said people were wrong to be angry and they should just ignore the poster if they did notlike it. He added it was not really news worthy. Halling Baptist Church has been approached for comment.  READ MORE ABOUT A HOUSING MARKET CRASH This weekend saw Pride events held in Cardiff and Manchester, with the streets of both cities turning rainbow coloured. Thousands joined a parade through the Welsh capital on Saturday (August 27) which formed part of a two-day festival. Nikki Alger, 37, who lives in Cardiff, told the BBC: "Its my first queer pride, and it has been fantastic, it's just been wonderful. "It shows we are heading in the right direction of acceptance."  DON'T MISS: Popular type of fish increases the risk of cancer warns report [REVEALED] Russian uprising: Protesters go on violent spree as revolt looms [LATEST] Expert reveals 'only way' Britons can reduce energy bills [REPORT] Both Manchester and Cardiff's Pride parades made a comeback after two years due to the Covid pandemic. Meanwhile, thousands of religious and right-wing opponents of a European gay Pride event to be hosted by Belgrade protested through the Serbian capital today in spite of the Government saying it would scrap or delay the event. Belgrade is due to host the EuroPride march on September 17. The event is staged in a different European city each year.  But President Aleksandar Vucic said on Saturday (August 27) it would be cancelled or postponed, citing reasons such as threats from right-wing activists. Today's protest against the EuroPride event, held during a procession to mark a religious holiday, was led by clergy from the Serbian Orthodox Church, some of whose bishops say the Pride event threatens traditional family values and should be banned. Others who joined the march chanted slogans in support of far-right or nationalist causes. Some waved Russian flags in a show of support for Moscow, Serbia's traditional ally, as Government in Belgrade tries to balance its ambition to join the European Union with its longstanding ties to Russia and China.  Former Serbian governments have banned Pride parades in the past, drawing fire from human rights groups. Some Pride marches in the early 2000s met with fierce opposition and were marred by violence. Recent Pride marches in Serbia have passed off peacefully, a change cited by EuroPride organisers as one reason why Belgrade was chosen as the 2022 host. Copenhagen was the host last year. 