Apple cider has become a widely used weight loss supplement over the years, with many believing it has an impact when it comes to shedding those unwanted pounds. In the past, the supplement has been highlighted as a "go-to" weight loss aid, with the phrase “apple cider vinegar for weight loss” reaching almost 100,000 searches a month. Various studies have suggested that it promotes a fuller feeling after eating. According to a UK study published in the National Library of Medicine, by suppressing appetite it limits the amount of calories a person consumes a day. About 100g of apple cider vinegar has about 22 calories, which means it makes for a low-calorie drink. So, adding a tablespoon of it into a glassful of water and drinking first thing in the morning could help burn belly fat. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake A recent 12-week study randomly assigned 39 subjects with a restricted calorie diet with apple cider vinegar or a restricted calorie diet without it. Researchers found that while both groups lost weight, the apple cider vinegar group lost more. Another 12-week study saw 144 obese Japanese adults consume either one tablespoon (15 ml) of vinegar, two tablespoons (30 ml) of vinegar or a placebo drink every day, with findings suggesting it could also reduce a person's body fat percentage. Those who consumed one tablespoon of vinegar per day lost around 2.6lb (1.2kg) and had a 0.5 percent decrease in body fat. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] In comparison, those who consumed two tablespoons lost 3.7lb (1.7kg) and had a 0.9 percent decrease in body fat. Vic Coppin, a nutrition expert at MuscleFood, said: "Apple cider vinegar can be a great addition to your diet. "Although it contains very little vitamins and minerals, the substance is high in amino acids and antioxidants. "These work to protect against any cell damage that free radicals cause - known as oxidative stress." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim It's also very diverse, and can be used in many other ways than just drinking it. "A great way to get it into your diet is by using it as a salad dressing, or some prefer to add it to their daily juices," Vic advised. "You can also consume it by drinking it on its own if preferred, but it needs to be diluted properly as it’s highly acidic and can cause damage to your stomach and teeth if ingested without. "It’s recommended that anywhere between a teaspoon to a tablespoon is mixed with around 250ml of water." Apple cider vinegar is created by chopping up apples, soaking them with water and leaving them until the natural sugars ferment and form ethanol. Known as fermentation, the bacteria then convert this alcohol into acetic acid, which is where the apple cider vinegar gets its famous strong smell and sour taste from.