Chelsea are reportedly waiting for Frenkie de Jong to confirm that he would like to join the club before launching a formal bid for the Barcelona star. Manchester United have spent months negotiating for the Dutchman but may fall at the final hurdle, with De Jong thought to favour a move to London over Manchester. It would be an agonising blow for United to miss out after committing so much of their summer to the 25-year-old. A £72million fee is already thought to be in place between Barca and the Red Devils, but the player himself has been hesitant about the move and is currently embroiled in a standoff with the Spanish side over deferred wages. As time passes, it seems increasingly unlikely that Erik ten Hag will land his top target as various reports indicate that De Jong has informed others of his preferaece for Chelsea due to Champions League football and the prospect of living in London. CBS Sports' transfer expert Ben Jacobs claims that the Blues are 'optimistic' that a deal can be done, but they will wait for an indication that De Jong would be keen to sign before launching a formal bid. JUST IN: Marko Arnautovic's brother drops major Man Utd hint after Red Devils see bid rejected Barca president Joan Laporta has publicly insisted that De Jong would be welcome to stay, although La Blaugrana are supposedly pushing for the midfielder to accept a hefty pay cut. The Athletic claim that Barcelona believe the terms of his contract involve criminality and provide grounds for legal action. Chelsea are reportedly prepared to match Man Utd's agreed fee and even settle the wage debt that has halted the Red Devils' negotiations. United, meanwhile, have moved onto other targets as belief wanes in their ability to haul the deal over the line. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with Barcelona after £72m Man Utd agreementChelsea prepared to test Leicester resolve with second Wesley Fofana transfer bid Reports suggest that a fee has already been agreed between United and Juventus for French midfielder Adrien Rabiot, who only has one year remaining on his contract in Turin. It remains to be seen whether that will stop Ten Hag pursuing De Jong with deadline day less than a month away. Chelsea managed to put three points on the board by beating Everton in their Premier League opener on Saturday as Jorginho grabbed the winner from the spot. With closing the gap to Manchester City and Liverpool part of Thomas Tuchel's brief this season, he was wary about heaping too much praise on his current crop of players after the final whistle. "It's always about the win when you play Premier League," he said. "A win is a win and it's most important because it's what we play for. It's important to build confidence, belief, the atmosphere, and also to be open for improvement and criticism because there are a lot of things to improve. "Everton defended deep in the first half and we struggled with switching the play, we struggled to feel the moments to change speed. It seemed like we did not want to do a decisive mistake so we did not take the risk that is needed in the final 25 metres to open a space up."