Kate Middleton and Prince William, both 40, are known to be uprooting their family from London and moving to Windsor. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly moving to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate. Princess Eugenie was known to have had her eyes on this property for a while.  However, the Princess and her husband Jack Brooksbank are now splitting their time between Portugal and Nottingham Cottage in London. Suzanne Roynon, an expert Interior Therapist, spoke to Express.co.uk about “why Adelaide Cottage is a much better option for the Cambridges than Princess Eugenie”. She said: “As an Interiors Therapy expert and Feng Shui consultant, I’ve been paying close attention to the media reports of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s anticipated move from their Norfolk Home at Anmer Hall to be closer to the Queen at Windsor. “William and Kate clearly value their privacy and want their children, George, Charlotte and Louis to have a wonderful, safe and happy childhood. READ MORE: Prince William is 'besotted' by 'dominant' Princess Charlotte - expert “For this, they are looking for a home which nurtures and supports the royal couple and their children whilst providing the security and normality of family life,” the expert noted. Suzanne added: “In Feng Shui, we recognise there are four house types: good for people and money, bad for people and money, good for people but bad for money, and finally bad for people but good for money. “To identify the house type we look at the year a property was built, the compass direction it faces, any renovations carried out and the history of the people who have lived there. “With this information, we can identify which category the house sits in and how to balance any negative or unhelpful energy.”  What category does Adelaide Cottage fit into? The expert claimed: “Adelaide Cottage, nestled in Windsor Great Park and just 10 minutes from Windsor Castle, is receiving a lot of attention as the most likely of the available Royal Grace and Favour homes for the Cambridges. “Built in 1831, the exterior of the property appears largely unchanged since that time. This and the available history suggest it falls into the category of ‘Good for People but Bad for Money’. “As their place in the Royal Family means money won’t ever be an issue for William and Kate, and in any case, any negative energy in the property can be remedied with good Feng Shui, Adelaide Cottage promises to be a happy family home for the Duke and Duchess where their marriage and children can thrive.” READ MORE: Pippa Middleton’s training plan which burns thousands of calories “There’s just one piece of history which made me question this finding,” the expert noted. What was this? Suzanne claimed: “Adelaide Cottage was the home of Group Captain Peter Townsend along with his wife and sons from 1944 to 1952 when the couple divorced. “Divorce, infidelity, poor health, family challenges and feeling trapped or overwhelmed are unusual in a ‘Good for People’ home, so I wanted to delve a little deeper and found the answer.  “In 1951, when the friendship between Peter Townsend and Princess Margaret is said to have developed into intimacy and his marriage ended, Adelaide Cottage was in what’s known in Feng Shui as a ‘one-year people lock’. “Although Peter Townsend was seldom there due to his responsibility to the King, this would have put immense pressure on his wife and marriage. “A people lock can trigger one crisis after another in an un-remedied home, and would explain how the energy in the property changed in February 1951 resulting in the end of Peter Townsend’s marriage and, according to his biography, taking his affair with Princess Margaret to the next level which ultimately caused a constitutional crisis for the monarchy. “Fortunately there’s no reason this situation need ever be repeated. “With good Feng Shui and by implementing remedies to balance any negative energy, despite the history of divorce, Adelaide Cottage has the potential to be a wonderful family home filled with love, laughter and an abundance of happiness.” 