With more homeowners choosing open-plan living and adding extensions to their houses, the kitchen has increasingly become central to the look and feel of homes. No longer a space to shut the door and forget about, your kitchen is a showpiece as well as a practical space to prepare meals and dine. So how can you play to your kitchen’s strengths and boost its designer appeal? Ruth Lavender, design expert at Benchmarx Kitchens and Joinery, spoke to Express.co.uk on how you can create a kitchen with the “wow” factor, even on a budget. She explained: “Working to a budget doesn’t mean you have to forgo a beautifully designed kitchen. Simply choosing clever combinations of cabinetry, worktops, lighting and appliances can make it possible to create a standout kitchen without overstepping on costs. “Many of the finishes and styles currently featuring in high-end kitchen designs are readily available from more accessible kitchen suppliers, meaning that a dream kitchen is absolutely attainable. “In addition to picking high-quality, beautiful cabinetry and accessories, there are certain features you should consider including in your design to take it to the next level. “These features will add a real ‘wow’ factor, whilst having a huge impact on the functionality and enjoyment of your space.” One of the first features to opt for are open shelving as this can create a beautiful visual and add personality to your space, according to the designer. She said: “There is so much flexibility in the design of this type of shelving, and they can be used as little or as much as you like, depending on the look you want to go for. “You can create an airy, open feel in a smaller kitchen, showcasing a minimalist and rustic style, or you can go all out by packing the shelves with your favourite accessories. READ MORE: How to upgrade a kitchen on a budget - ‘you won’t miss out on quality’ “Clean lines and simplistic crockery can communicate modern sophistication, creating a relaxed, scandi scheme.” Ruth also explained that a benefit to open shelving is that it allows easy access to your everyday kitchen essentials like dishes, glasses, and cookware. Homeowners can use them to store cookbooks, display houseplants and showcase decorative vases; making them hugely versatile and easy to re-style. The impact lighting has on a kitchen design is often overlooked by many, but it can have a dramatic effect on the overall feel and functionality of the room, especially when wanting to add the “wow factor”. To decide on the style of light, the expert advised: “Start by thinking about the main lighting source in the room and how it can be best maximised. “If you’re opting for spotlights, consider the placement of each light to ensure they aren’t blocked by cabinets or walls. “Pendant lighting is also a great touch to add more focused illumination whilst introducing a point of interest.” DON'T MISS: How to stop house flies invading your home using 70p common spice [EXPERT]‘Best way’ to prune for ‘healthy’ plants - ‘prevents diseases’ [TIPS]Noel Gallagher's quiet life in £8million mansion near Petersfield [INSIGHT] There is also the option of customisable smart lighting, which gives the homeowner more control than ever before, allowing them to create a personalised lighting scheme at the touch of a button. Users can turn off their lights, adapt their brightness, or change the mood of the room from their phone. Ruth explained that by designing your lighting in this way, it can also help to zone kitchens, establishing different areas depending on functionality. She said: “This is particularly important for open-plan areas, where you may want to establish a subtle divide between surrounding space, whilst still carrying the lighting design through for a sleek look. The kitchen designer also suggested seating nooks as “ingenious way to maximise space and provide additional seating” in kitchens. As they can be installed in bay windows or awkward corners, as well as built into cupboard storage, they don’t take up much space and can also double up as additional storage. Ruth explained: “They provide a great space for children to sit and play whilst you prepare food, as well as an additional entertaining space for when friends and family come over. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Optimal temperature’ to avoid peace lilies ‘yellowing’ “Designers sometimes include seating nooks if the kitchen is a multi-functional space, as it creates a more informal area for dining and relaxing, while doubling up as an area to work from home or complete homework.” The expert noted that by picking fabrics and soft furnishings that complement a specific kitchen design, homeowners can tie the seating area and the rest of the space together seamlessly. Kitchen larders and pantries have been a kitchen staple for centuries but are becoming less common in modern kitchens due to the common misconception that they require a lot of space. Yet, Ruth argues: “They can provide both style and substance to your kitchen, and with the right design, the features can flow as a chic extension to your space. “For a streamlined and tidy aesthetic, carry through the same cabinets and work surfaces from the surrounding space, as this will blend the kitchen and pantry/larder together seamlessly. “If you’re stretched for space, you can opt for pull-out storage solutions that offer a great compromise.” The last feature essential to create the wow factor in kitchens are kitchen islands as they have “unsurprisingly become a must-have for many homeowners embarking on a kitchen renovation”, thanks to their functionality and often enviable design. The interior pro said: “There was once the perception that an island unit must be of an impressive size, and you would need a kitchen of endless proportions to match. “However, with clever planning and thought, a kitchen island can be installed in most kitchen spaces. “An island really can be the focal point of a kitchen and it allows you to play with a mixture of worktop and cabinet textures and heights, helping to give your kitchen an individual edge.” Island units also offer the opportunity to add a two-tone colour scheme to your kitchen. Ruth said: “Consider pairing a different shade to the surrounding cabinets, such as dove grey and carbon, or even a completely contrasting colour to really give your kitchen that ‘wow’ factor. “If you want to create an outstanding kitchen that wows, but don’t know where to start, I’d always recommend speaking to a kitchen designer, such as the experts at your local Benchmarx branch.” To order a brochure, book a free design consultation, or use Benchmarx’s handy kitchen visualiser tool, visit: www.benchmarxkitchens.co.uk