The agent and mother of Adrien Rabiot is preventing Manchester United from agreeing personal terms with the midfielder, who could even end up moving elsewhere before the summer transfer window slams shut, according to reports. The Red Devils are said to have switched their focus to a move for Rabiot in recent weeks after conceding defeat in their pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, who is adamant on staying at Barcelona for the foreseeable future. Talks are believed to be at an advanced stage between United and Juventus, with a transfer fee in the region of £15million having reportedly been settled on in recent days. However, personal terms are yet to be agreed and it seems as though the involvement of Rabiot's mother, Veronique, could spell trouble for Erik ten Hag by putting his efforts to land the player in serious jeopardy.She is waiting on the outcome of this evening's Champions League qualifier between Monaco and PSV Eindhoven before engaging in further talks with United's hierarchy, according to talkSPORT. Monaco have also been credited with a desire to land Rabiot in recent weeks and could serve as a more exciting destination for the 27-year-old if they can offer him Champions League football, which could ultimately see United knocked back in their attempts to snap him up.Rabiot is thought to be keen on the idea of joining United but has reportedly demanded a hefty contract bonus as a result of their failure to qualify for Europe's premier club competition towards the end of last season. It remains to be seen whether the result of tonight's crucial Champions League qualifier will have a catastrophic effect on United's hopes of landing the midfielder, who remains contracted to Juventus for another year but is widely expected to move on in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Man Utd 'offered Morata' in latest transfer twist to engulf Red Devils Rabiot's mother has represented him throughout his professional career and has often made headlines as a result of her fierce reputation and high-profile outbursts. She previously insisted that Rabiot was being 'held hostage' by PSG in an attempt to force a move away from the French capital back in 2019, just a year after reportedly agreeing with her son to withdraw him from France's standby list for the World Cup in Russia.She was also said to have been involved in a dispute with the mother of Kylian Mbappe at Euro 2022, after which she insisted that her formidable reputation is not entirely representative of her personality when quizzed on the incident by Ouest-France, via Marca. "The image of the child with his mother does not reflect reality at all," explained Veronique. "I am an authoritarian person, it is true, but not what is described in the media."I think it has to do with the fact that we don't talk to journalists enough, so they lament us. But I have a thick skin, I have nothing to prove, we have nothing to prove." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.