The investigation by the FBI revealed that the former President took classified documents, including some marked top secret, out of the White House and to his Florida residence. A 32-page FBI affidavit was released last week with many parts blacked out but it revealed further details about the raid which saw Trump supporters turn up at Mar-a-Lago to show their support for the 45th President. The document was released by the US Justice Department and an FBI agent wrote on the first page: “The Government is conducting a criminal investigation concerning the improper removal and storage of classified information in unauthorised spaces, as well as the unlawful concealment or removal of Government records.” The discovery of the classified documents, which reportedly included material connected to US spies and “clandestine human sources”, means Trump is facing a criminal investigation by the Department of Justice for the obstruction of justice and potential espionage. During the raid, Trump said that his “beautiful home” was “under siege, raided, and occupied by a large group of FBI agents”. He added: “It is prosecutorial misconduct, the weaponization of the Justice System, and an attack by Radical Left Democrats who desperately don’t want me to run for President in 2024, especially based on recent polls, and who will likewise do anything to stop Republicans and Conservatives in the upcoming Midterm Elections.” Mr Trump's comments about the state of the opinion polls appear to reflect the result of recent surveys. A new poll conducted by USA Today/Ipsos revealed that 59 percent of Republicans believe Trump should be the Republican nominee for the White House in 2024 and “deserves re-election”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust Meanwhile, 41 percent said it was time for the GOP to move on with a new nominee. Despite the FBI revelations, the latest polling proves that the businessman continues to have a strong grasp on the Republican Party. The poll showed that the 45th President of the United States had a ten-point increase compared to polls from the previous month, which hinted that the disorder surrounding Trump was grating on Republicans. A poll from July in New York Times/Siena College concluded that half of Republican voters wanted a new nomination for 2024, with 49 percent supporting Trump for the election. DON'T MISS:Woke warrior torn apart after calling for GARDENING to be renamed (REVEAL)One of the largest ever cargo ships makes anchor off UK coast (INSIGHT)Sturgeon humiliated after SNP let slip big issue with independence (REACTION) Trump’s claims that the raid was part of a conspiracy by the opposition to prevent him from running in 2024 has roused Republican voters to fight for their former President. Though members of the GOP are showing some restraint in publicly defending Trump following the raid, party leaders jumped to his defence. Some called to “defund” the FBI and even impeach the attorney-general Merrick Garland if Republicans take back Congress in November.