Nick Kyrgios left a touching tribute to his sick mother after beating Daniil Medvedev at the Canadian Open. The in-form Australian came from behind to beat the world No 1 in three sets and dedicated the achievement to his mother, who is in hospital. Medvedev won the first set following a tiebreak but Kyrgios stormed back. The Wimbledon finalist 6-7 (2-7) 6-4 6-2 in a sapping second-round clash played in monstrous heat. Kyrgios has been in excellent form recently. He won both the singles and doubles titles at the Citi Open last weekend after reaching the Wimbledon final and has now beaten the top-ranked player ahead of the US Open. Now one of the favourites for Flushing Meadows, Kyrgios left a touching tribute to his mother before candidly explaining how difficult this season has been while away from his family. After beating Medvedev, he took a pen to a TV camera and wrote: “Be strong Ma.” JUST IN: Kyrgios sees red and blasts ball out of stadium during Medvedev clash Kyrgios’ mum, Norlaila, has been ill in hospital. The 27-year-old’s dad has also been unwell. “It's hard because even travelling now, my mum is in hospital at the moment, my dad hasn't been very well, my brother just had a baby and I don't get to be there with my family when normal people would like to be with them,' Kyrgios said afterwards. “It's hard being from Australia because we can't travel back and forth. There's a lot of things people don't see. They only see me winning, losing, throwing a racquet, doing those things. They don't really understand the challenges that I face or what people on tour face, what's going on in their personal lives.” DON'T MISS...Nick Kyrgios still splits tennis fans despite Wimbledon successNick Kyrgios antics defended as Aussie 'leading tennis into new era'Nick Kyrgios' reaction as he got a 'taste of his own medicine' After winning the Citi Open, Kyrgios said that he felt he had been among the best players in the world in 2022. The likes of Medvedev and Rafael Nadal might be fearing Kyrgios ahead of the US Open, which starts later this month. “I've had some success against him in the past and he's beaten me before so I feel like we know each others' games well. I'm not the type of player who goes into these matches looking at rankings or anything like that,” Kyrgios said of his performance against Medvedev. “It's just who I'm playing and what kind of ball they're giving me and today I had a very clean objective of how I was going to play - a lot of serve and volley, a lot of aggressive play from the back - and I executed better than he did on the day. “That's all it came down to. He won the first set and I feel like I had opportunities there as well so hopefully I can keep this rolling.”