The UK saw another peak in cases caused by Omicron; this time by its subvariants BA.4 and BA.5. Now the number of summer cases seems to be decreasing but Covid isn’t entirely gone. Being able to identify symptoms could still be helpful. According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), Covid cases are continuing to decline, decreasing by more than half a million in a week. Around 2.6 million people were hit by the virus in the week leading up to 26 July. For comparison, there were around 3.2 million people with coronavirus during the previous week. The Government data is also reporting a 34.3 percent drop in infections. READ MORE: Covid: The sign in the morning that's becoming common as cases surge - may be 'permanent' What’s more, the amount of people in hospitals suffering from Covid is also on the decline. However, experts still warn that Covid hasn’t disappeared. The data estimates that one in 25 people in England currently have the virus. Many of the recent cases have been put down to the subvariants Omicron BA.4 and BA.5. Furthermore, people are still able to become infected with these culprits, even if they have had Covid recently.  Fortunately, these fast-spreading variants don’t seem to be more fatal than other strains. Vaccines are helping to protect Covid patients from becoming severely ill but they can’t guarantee you won’t catch the virus at all. When it comes to symptoms, Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 seem to be causing signs similar to its predecessor. From headache to sore throat, Omicron redefined the list of Covid symptoms, adding new signs into the mix. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Two signs on your face that increase risk of death at a 'younger age' See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest The NHS shares the full list of Covid signs includes: Although you are not required to self-isolate by law anymore, the health service still recommends staying at home and avoiding contact with others. Zoe Covid Study App reports that fully-jabbed patients might be experiencing slightly different symptoms. Zoe said: “Fewer symptoms were reported over a shorter period of time by those who had already had a jab, suggesting that they were falling less seriously ill and getting better more quickly.” Collecting data from their Covid-positive users, the research app found that five symptoms were especially prevalent in those with the vaccine. The potential signs in fully jabbed patient can be: