BBC Weather's Stav Danaos warned two systems are moving in a "pincher movement" across the UK this weekend bringing with them rain and gales. He said: "It's been so settled, dry and largely sunny for such a long time now that by the end of the week we'll see something a lot more unsettled. "It could be quite a shock to the system and it really will be quite a shock for some with gales and heavy rain, particularly across southern and western areas. "As we move out of Thursday we start to see some changes, two areas of low pressure begin to move in like a pincher movement across the UK which will start to turn things more unsettled as they merge. "Friday will be a windier day in the north, could see some heavy showers and maybe thunderstorms on western areas perhaps the southeast of England escaping that. "Into the weekend it looks like we will see a band of heavy, thundery rain spreading northwards followed by another area of heavy rain pushing into more western areas. READ MORE: UK hot weather: TWO-DAY 26C blast to come crashing down "It will be quite wet for Northern Ireland, Wales and parts of the southwest." It comes as July's heatwave set a new record for overnight temperatures, with the thermometer going through the night without falling below 26.8C in one location, the Met Office said. The new highest daily minimum temperature was recorded at Shirburn Model Farm in Oxfordshire on July 19 at 4:32am. That means the temperature never went below that level over a 24-hour period, setting a new record for the UK, the Met Office said. The Met Office has already verified the UK's new hottest temperature record of 40.3C in Coningsby, Lincolnshire, set later in the day on July 19 - the first time the mercury smashed through the 40C threshold in the country. The data from some weather stations is reported more slowly than others, which is why the new record for the daily minimum has only just been verified, replacing the previous record of 25.8C set at Kenley Airfield on the same day. Heatwaves are being made more intense, frequent and likely by climate change, with the UK exceeding previous temperature records by significant amounts in July's unprecedented searing heat. DON'T MISS Keep car seats cool on 'hot and stuffy' days with mum's 'clever' hack [INSIGHT]UK drought forecast: Hosepipe bans could last until WINTER [ANALYSIS]Furious driver slams Tesla car for losing five percent of charge [VIDEO] Met Office data quality manager, John Penman, said: "This new record is another reminder of just how severe the heat was in July. "What is remarkable is just how much this has surpassed the previous record, exceeding the August 1990 record of 23.9C by nearly three degrees. "Much like the daytime highs, the overnight temperatures have smashed the previous records during a period of unprecedented heat in the UK." The record 40.3C high exceeded the previous record, set just three years ago of 38.7C in Cambridge in 2019, by more than two and half degrees Celsius.