Call the Midwife season 12 will air on BBC One later this year with the Christmas special marking the first episode. Thankfully the historical drama has a bright future ahead as the series has been renewed until at least 2024. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the upcoming series, including the cast and plot. The Christmas special is already in the bag with filming having wrapped on the festive episode. As is tradition, the Christmas episode marks the first instalment of the new season. With this in mind, the 12th season is likely to start on December 25, 2022. The series will then continue in early January 2023, although no official release date has been announced. Filming started in late April and the cast is over halfway through the process, meaning wrap day is approaching fast. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family Fans will be pleased to hear Trixie Franklin star Helen George will be returning for the new season. The star left part way through the last season to go on maternity leave, and she gave birth to her daughter Lark in November 2021. The show's Twitter account shared a photo of the actress with the message: "NEWS! Trixie's back! @helen_george makes her return to #CallTheMidwife series 12 filming." At this moment in time, it is presumed all of the main cast will be making a comeback including Stephen McGann as Dr Turner and Jenny Agutter as Sister Julienne. Linda Bassett is likely to return as Nurse Crane, with Laura Main as Shelagh Turner. Writer Heidi Thomas has already revealed season 12 is set in 1968 after abortion had been legalised. Domestic violence was also a topic that was being talked about more openly in society. The contraceptive pill had also come onto the scene as a means of birth control, changing the way women saw the world. She told Radio Times: "We’re looking at some very strong stories about the way society was changing at that time." Besides this, the show will also be revisiting anti-immigration sentiment in the UK at the time. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5 theory: Double exit for Laramie and Walker [THEORY] Call the Midwife’s Dr Turner star exposes 'small part' in series [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife in touching tribute to star after 'thrilling' news [DISCUSSION] Some of the main characters will also see some issues from seasons past come back to the surface. Rhoda Mullucks (Liz White) was prescribed thalidomide during her pregnancy in season four and went on to give birth to her daughter, Susan, who suffered birth defects as a result. In the upcoming season, Rhoda is expecting another baby and they are worried history will repeat itself. On what else fans can expect, the writer said: "Something rather wonderful happens to Trixie, Lucile has to contend with a reasonable amount of sadness, and what else can I say?" "We have a new nun coming to join the line-up, Sister Veronica." Sister Veronica will be the very first health visitor helping the midwives get their heads around the policies that were new at the time. She will be heavily involved in preventative health, for example, nutrition and supporting families. Viewers will also see a method called vacuum extraction used for the first time when the team are sent on a training course.  Call The Midwife will return to BBC One with the Christmas special.