While there are so many different diets that promote weight loss for menopausal women, there's one that one doctor swears by. And not only because it helps her manage to keep her weight under control, but it also helped ease other symptoms, too. Dr Mary Claire Haver, an OBGYN physician, believes her diet - the Galveston Diet - can help people with menopause lose weight. According to the official website, it is an "evidence-based programme that actually works". It is an anti-inflammatory approach to nutrition and intermittent fasting, and Dr Haver claims that not only do women lose weight and gain muscle mass on the Galveston Diet, they also sleep better, have fewer hot flashes and avoid brain fog. Before the diet, the physician found herself unable to shift the stubborn pounds around her waist. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She set a goal of wanting to drop an extra 20lb and found she hit her target quickly by changing her eating habits. But it's not a diet as such: "It’s a lifetime eating plan," Dr Haver insisted. "I was not counting calories, and the pounds started coming off. "I was also sleeping better, and my hot flashes were better." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The programme focuses on three main areas to help balance women's hormones in order to aid weight loss during the menopause. Intermittent fasting People following the diet must eat within a time window of eight hours per day, and then fast for the remaining 16 hours. Anti-inflammatory nutrition The Galveston diet encourages people to eat food with ingredients that won't trigger more inflammation in their bodies. It relies on foods loaded with natural antioxidants and anti-inflammatory abilities, which can support the gut and help the body work "more effectively". Fuel refocus The menopause can cause cravings for foods high in sugar, but the diet aims to shift people's want for unhealthy foods to nutrient-dense sources of carbohydrates instead of sugar and processed carbs. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Foods people can eat on the diet: Proteins Salmon Eggs Quinoa Greek yogurt Lean chicken Lean turkey Lean grass-fed beef Nitrate-free deli meats Fruits and vegetables Blueberries Raspberries Strawberries Spinach Zucchini squash Tomatoes Cucumbers Celery Broccoli Cauliflower Fats Avocado Extra-virgin olive oil Walnuts Pecans Almonds Sesame seeds Sunflower seeds Pine nuts Foods people should avoid: Processed or refined-carbohydrate foods, such as pizza, chips, and white pasta Refined flours and grains Foods high in added sugar, such as cookies, pastries, candy, and desserts Sugary drinks and sodas Sugar or artificial sweeteners added to hot drinks Oils that may be considered inflammatory, such as canola and vegetable Foods with artificial flavours, colours, preservatives, and high fructose corn syrup Processed meats with nitrates, such as sausages, burgers, and salami Fried foods Alcohol