Monty Don has opened up about the tragic loss of a family member who drowned when he was out fishing. In an unearthed interview, the Gardeners' World presenter, 67, spoke about the devastating loss. Speaking in 2016, the horticulturalist candidly spoke about the tragedy. The star opened up about the last time he had "cried", revealing it was after he learned of the death of a family member. Monty said: "I cried on Saturday because my brother-in-law was killed. "He drowned when he was out fishing. It was tragic," he added to Mail Online. READ MORE: Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell The TV star had previously spoken about the death of his dad. Monty recalled the devastating moment he realised his mum didn't know his dad had died, after she had seen him in hospital that same day. The gardening expert welled up as he addressed the moment he had to tell his sister their mother was unaware their father was dead, having just made plans with him for the following day. Monty addressed the tragic moment while speaking to Cariad Lloyd on her podcast Grief Cast and said: "I got a phone call from my brother-in-law saying, 'Your father has just died'. He just said, 'There's nothing much more I can say'." After his brother-in-law, a priest, told him the horrible news, he said his mother rang him five minutes later. "I was on my own in the house. I was upset, but I was slowly getting used to the idea, really." He continued: "It wasn't a terrible shock but it was a big thing. Then the phone went and it was my mother and I said 'Hello?' Sort of wondering what she was going to say. She said, 'Hello!' Her voice was quite chirpy. "I said, 'Are you alright?' She said, 'Yes, I've just come back from seeing daddy and he's fine.' Immediately I thought there's something very odd going on here. DON'T MISS... How Sean Connery went from milkman to millionaire [INSIGHT]Kiss star Gene Simmons’ heartbreaking reason for lifelong sobriety [ANALYSIS]Kevin Bacon issues sad family update after suffering tragic loss [UPDATE] "She had been to hospital which was 40 minutes away from home. "She had seen him, she said she talked to him, she said he was feeling a bit cold but I covered him over," he said, as listeners heard him choke on his words. Fans heard him try to hold back the tears before he went on to reveal his dad had died in the moments after his mum had left for home. "She described how she talked to him, that she pulled the blanket up around him, and he was clearly going downhill but he seemed okay. They made plans for what they'd do tomorrow," he shared. "And I was listening on the other end of the phone, thinking, what do I do? What do I say? She's on her own at home." Monty went on: "I didn't have the courage to tell her. I was processing it myself, but I talked to her for about half an hour. Trying to find the right moment." In the end, Monty decided he would let someone elsetell her after being unable to break the news himself and he eventually rang his sister who contacted his mother with the tragic news. "So, that was a very, very distressing experience. That was really disturbing," Monty added. Gardeners' World is on this evening at 9pm on BBC2.