NCIS will be returning to CBS later this year and the crime drama has said goodbye to some fan-favourite characters. Mark Harmon played Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs for 19 seasons before his final episode aired last year. The star has finally opened up about why he chose to opt out of the show. The last time fans saw Leroy Gibbs, he was working alongside Agent Timothy McGee (Sean Murray), hunting down a contract killer in Alaska. In an emotional moment, Gibbs decided to stay in Alaska and live a more relaxed lifestyle, rather than returning to a world of crime. While the pair were fishing, he told McGee he would not be going home, and the 70-year-old actor has now explained why. He said his character's story arc had come to a natural end and it was a good time to put the role to bed. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist The star said: "What has always drawn me here is the character I play and to keep it fresh and to keep it challenging." "Plot-wise, this character has taken the path that it did. I thought it was honest and OK," he said in an upcoming season 19 DVD, seen by ET Canada. However, the actor did suggest it may not be the last fans see of Gibbs, as his character was not killed off. He added: "I’m not retired… The character is living in Alaska as far as I know." This is not the first time Gibbs' return has been teased, as at the time of his departure, the show's bosses said there would always be scope for him to return. CBS president Kelly Kahl added: "Mark’s always been part of the show, Mark’s always going to be part of the show. "In terms of his on-air appearances, we’re just going to have to see how it plays out going forward." Season 20 is due to air on September 19 and fans will be interested to see if Mark still features in the opening credits. DON'T MISS... Tony DiNozzo wife: Is NCIS’ DiNozzo married? [EXPLAINER] Leroy Gibbs children: How many children does the NCIS star have? [INSIGHT] Leroy Gibbs ex-wives: How many ex-wives has the NCIS star had? [EXPLAINER] Even after his departure, the star was still included in the show's titles in order to give the show some familiarity. Kelly said of the season 20 credits: "That's something we might look at going forward." Mark not only worked as an actor in the franchise, but he was also an executive producer for some of the episodes. The star worked behind the camera on both NCIS and its spin-off, NCIS: New Orleans. Some of the cast shared a promotional photo for season 20 when the series was officially renewed. The number 20 was written out with photos of all of the main cast, but Gibbs was nowhere to be seen. At this moment in time, the star is not expected to make an appearance in the upcoming episodes. However, viewers should not lose hope just yet as the star has shown how he is open to coming back in the future.  NCIS is back on CBS on September 19 and is on Disney Plus in the UK.