Manchester United are reportedly in contact with Moussa Dembele's agent as they look to bolster their attacking options before the end of the transfer window. Lyon transfer chief, Bruno Cheyrou, has supposedly issued an ultimatum to players with one year remaining on their contracts which could give the Red Devils hope of pulling off the deal. Links between United and Dembele cropped up again earlier this year and it seems as though the club have continued to keep tabs on the 26-year-old's situation. He scored a whopping 21 goals in Ligue 1 last term and could be attainable on the cheap due to his contract situation. According to Manchester Evening News, Cheyrou has told Lyon players with one year remaining on their deals that they should either sign up for renewed terms or find a new club. United have supposedly maintained contact with his agent as they mull over whether to pull the trigger in the next two weeks. The Red Devils' pursuit of a new striker has been a hugely frustrating one as they missed out on RB Salzburg youngster Benjamin Sesko and withdrew interest in Marko Arnautovic due to fan complaints. JUST IN: Crystal Palace star Joachim Andersen receives death threats after Darwin Nunez headbutt https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/manchester-united-moussa-dembele-transfer-24767421 Reports indicate that two other targets, Matheus Cunha and Sasa Kalajdzic, are unlikely to leave Atletico Madrid and Stuttgart respectively which limits the number of realistic options on Erik ten Hag's wish list. United are already short on firepower and with Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford both linked to other clubs, they could be left even thinner on the ground. The Red Devils' situation is turning into a desperate one after dismal defeats against Brighton and Brentford kicked off the new season. Fans held out hope that Ten Hag would be able to instigate a speedy turnaround in fortunes after a hugely successful five-year spell with Ajax. But an opening-weekend loss to Brighton was followed up by a 4-0 hammering at Brentford, with the hosts rattling in their quartet of goals inside 35 minutes. Ten Hag is thought to be dismayed by how his first summer in the job has unfolded with a number of top transfer targets falling by the wayside. The club have spent months trying to sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong without success and former Premier League striker Alan Smith has questioned whether that was the correct approach.  "It’s difficult to get your head around it," he told Express Sport. "The player said he wants to stop at Barcelona and now there’s talk of, even if he were to leave, he’d like to go somewhere like Chelsea. "It’s a bit humiliating for Man United - one of the biggest clubs in the world is not being treated in that fashion. It’s not normally difficult for United to convince a player that Old Trafford is the place to be, but things change. At the moment, compared to other clubs it’s not the place to be."