The Met Office has currently issued an amber weather warning for extreme heat across much of England and Wales. The warning is in place until Sunday August 14, and temperatures are predicted to soar to 32C.  However, by next week the hot and dry weather will start to break down and the rain will begin to set in. The Met Office’s forecast for Thursday reads: “Much of England and Wales, plus eastern parts of Northern Ireland and Scotland, sunny and hot or very hot. “The far north and northwest of Scotland, cloudier with occasional rain.” Friday also looks similar: “Another sunny and hot or very hot day for most away from northern Scotland.  “The weekend is also likely to stay dry and hot, although less so in Scotland. “Here staying cloudier and cooler with a little light rain and drizzle.” Yet going into next week they predict: “This period will see the breakdown of the hot, sunny and dry weather of recent days, with conditions becoming more unsettled across the UK.  READ MORE: When will it rain: The EXACT dates UK can expect rainfall “Showers will spread from the west and south next week, sometimes heavy and thundery, though drier periods with sunny spells are still likely between them. “At the same time, temperatures will gradually decrease to closer to normal for August. “Later in the period, the more changeable weather will prevail with a risk of heavy showers or thunderstorms continuing, but clear and dry spells in between too.”  DON'T MISS:Queen’s stealthy handbag communication unveiled [REVEAL]Late legend Olivia Newton-John met with Queen Elizabeth [INSIGHT]Meghan’s wedding left Serena Williams up all night [ROYALS] The high temperatures this week have led to warnings of health risks for elderly and vulnerable people and risk of dehydration and heat exhaustion for many others. Air, rail and road travel may also be impacted by the hot weather. The mercury is not expected to hit quite as high as it did last month, when record breaking temperatures of 40C were recorded in some regions of the UK. 