Paul O’Grady is stepping down from his BBC Radio 2 show after hosting the Sunday afternoon slot for 14 years. The announcement comes after a shake-up which saw him share the slot with comedian Rob Beckett. Fans of Paul are furious with the news and took to social media to blast the broadcaster. @richie_brewer tweeted: “What is going on at @BBCRadio2? You appear to be on a mission to rid the station of its loyal listeners. “I’ve always defended the @BBC and the license fee but you are making it harder to defend by the day!!! Don’t forget, there’s a difference between broadcaster and celebrity!” @Richard26Todd66 added: “This is terrible news for Paul, @malprin and all Radio 2 listeners. You can’t help but think his hand was forced after having the number of shows halved. First Steve now Paul. Sorry Radio 2 this will do nothing to gain listeners, in fact quite the opposite.” “I am totally appalled by all the people leaving. I hate to say it but I think they have all been pushed. Talk about ageism. Shame on the bbc,” @DomSilva2 added. Read more: Why is Paul O'Grady leaving BBC Radio 2? @charlie_strange remarked: “So sad to read this #TeamPOGradio What is the management doing to Radio 2? First Simon Mayo, then Graham Norton, Steve Wright, Paul O'Grady. Who next Ken Bruce? Liza Tarbuck? Tony Blackburn? We're losing the best. I don't want a 90s obsessed Radio 2 full of ex R1 DJs.” (sic) “That’s that, then. You’ve driven another one out. Absolutely nothing worth listening to on Radio 2 anymore. Ken Bruce will be next on the hit list, no doubt,” @Sue_Pook quipped. On Monday, the BBC announced Paul’s decision to leave the network. Paul said: “I’ve loved doing my Sunday afternoon show for the last 14 years and I’m going to miss my listeners as well as the fun I’ve had with my producer Malcolm Prince, but I feel that now is the right time to go.” Helen Thomas, Head of Radio 2 added: “I’d like to thank Paul for so many years of his brilliant Sunday afternoon show. "I’m sorry to see him go, but I wish Paul the very best of luck for the future and hope to work with him again as the door is always open to him here at Radio 2.” Paul’s last show will be on Sunday, August 14 as he comes to the end of his current run of shows. His final show will all of Paul’s listeners’ favourite features including a Lost TV Theme, the Thank You Letter of the Week and a surprise playlist. Producer Malcolm will also pick another unsuitable song for a wedding anniversary. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow expert unveils staggering value of silverware [INSIGHT]'Became frail’ Only Fools and Horses' Grandad star’s health issues [VIDEO]Tony Blackburn: Star recalls uncontrollable addiction [INSIGHT] The broadcasting stalwart hosted the Sunday afternoon for almost 13 years before a shake-up to the schedule saw him regularly swapping with Rob Beckett. Paul and Rob share the Sunday slot, each hosting their shows alternately for 13 weeks at a time. In February, BBC Radio 2 listeners were not pleased when the broadcaster announced the shake-up. At the time, a statement from the broadcaster said: “Paul is very much-loved by many of our listeners, and whilst we’re making this change to Sunday afternoons, he very much remains a firm favourite here in Wogan House.” After the schedule change was announced, Paul told his Instagram followers the shake-up was “nothing to do with me”. From Sunday, August 21 Rob returns for his next 13-week run of shows. An announcement regarding future plans for the slot will be made at a later date. Paul O’Grady’s final show will air on BBC Radio 2 on Sunday at 5pm.