 Earlier this summer, it was revealed that the finishing touches were being put on Prince Harry’s highly-anticipated memoir. The Duke of Sussex has promised an “accurate and wholly truthful” account of his own life. Initially, the book was set to be released in October, but it has since been speculated that it may hit shelves during the festive season.  The apparent delay comes amid reports that a series of books may be out at around the same time and could tell different versions of the latter stages of the Prince’s time in the Royal Family and the circumstances surrounding ‘Megxit’. With the tone already set by Tom Bower’s ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors’, Harry is likely to face competition with other royal publications such as bestselling author Catherine Mayer’s updated version of her Prince Charles biography – ‘Charles: The Heart of a King’ – which is expected to be published in a fortnight and has promised readers “previously unpublished details' around 'Harry and Meghan’s exit”. In September, Valentine Low – who broke the story about Meghan Markle being accused of bullying staff while at Kensington Palace in 2018 (the Duchess of Sussex’s team have vehemently denied the accusations) – will provide new insight into Harry’s final period of royal life in ‘Courtiers: The Hidden Power Behind the Crown’. And, in November, two well-known royal authors will release their newest works. Katie Nicholl will publish a forensic examination of the firm in ‘The New Royals’, while Angela Levin will publish a biography of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. READ MORE: ‘Incapable of keeping quiet!' Meghan's half-siblings continue with 'cruel criticism'  Unlike these royal books, Harry’s memoir still doesn't feature on the website of online retail giant Amazon, yet every other royal book does. The Daily Beast’s royal correspondent Tom Sykes pointed this out during a recent conversation with the Royally Us podcast’s hosts. Mr Sykes also said that there is a lot riding on the book’s success, stressing the importance of the “financial element”. He said: “As far as I can tell, they [Harry and Meghan] have been spending money like water on houses, security and lawsuits and god knows what else. “So I think the financial element is going to be important.” Harry and Meghan moved to North America following their exit from the Firm in 2020, they later moved to California, where they now reside with their two children – three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. The couple purchased a multi-million dollar mansion in the affluent neighbourhood of Montecito in June 2020 – five months after they left the Royal Family. Just a stone’s throw away from the beach, Montecito is packed with A-listers, including Oprah Winfrey, Ellen DeGeneres, Kevin Costner and royal fan Tom Cruise. It is also just a two-hour drive from downtown Los Angeles and Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland. The estate offers a grand total of nine bedrooms and 16 bathrooms, and boasts a wide range of luxurious amenities including a library, gym, a sauna, home cinema, arcade, games room and an elevator. Since formally leaving their royal duties behind, California has been a safe haven for the young family, with the Sussexes rarely being spotted in public. Last year, a spokesperson for the couple told The Independent: “They have settled into the quiet privacy of their community since their arrival and hope that this will be respected for their neighbours, as well as for them as a family.” While the affluent Santa Barbara enclave is known for its exclusivity, Harry and Meghan have reportedly but extensive security measures in place. Experts claimed that Meghan and Harry’s annual security bill could easily reach £1.6 to £2.5 million for around-the-clock protection, according to a report in Forbes last year. The Duke and Duchess have been responsible for the significant cost of providing their own security since leaving the Firm. It has been the subject of public discourse since it emerged that Harry had filed a lawsuit against the Home Office about police protection for his family while in the UK. The case centres on the decision not to allow the Sussexes to privately pay for the security that was previously afforded to them via the Home Office and the Met, through taxpayer money. Harry won the most recent round of his court fight, meaning he is now entitled to take the case forward for a full judicial review. Should the prince's bid fail, he will likely need to cover all legal costs involved in his case against the Home Office.