Doctor William Li stated some foods and drinks help to "starve cancer" from taking root. From years of research, Doctor Li is assured that food is "a very powerful" component in preventing and helping to beat cancer. Three dietary additions to consider include green tea, extra virgin olive oil, spices and herbs. Green tea Doctor Li explained: "One of the most studied bioactives in green tea is the polyphenol called EGCG [Epigallocatechin gallate]. "This bioactive reduces harmful angiogenesis and cancer growth, lowers blood pressure, and has anti-inflammatory properties." Extra virgin olive oil Citing a study from Italian researchers, Doctor Li pointed out the benefits of extra virgin olive oil. "Consuming three to four tablespoons of olive oil per day was associated with a reduced risk of oesophageal cancer by 70 percent," said Doctor Li. A few tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil was also associated with a reduced risk of ovarian cancer (by 32 percent) and breast cancer (by 11 percent). READ MORE: Frankie Boyle jokes 'about raping and f*****g Holly Willoughby'  Spices and herbs "Rosemary, oregano, turmeric, liquorice root, and cinnamon all have anti-angiogenic effects," said Doctor Li. He explained that anti-angiogenic properties "can suppress the blood vessel growth of tumours". Cancer Research UK confirmed: "Eating a healthy and balanced diet can reduce the risk of cancer." A healthy and balanced diet consists of beneficial ingredients and appropriate portion sizes. DON'T MISSPopular UK drink is a 'known' cause of cancer [ADVICE]Heart attack: Sign on the ear that could predict event [TIPS]'It's a horrible death' disease that killed Randy Newman [INSIGHT]  To illustrate, on a plate, the charity recommends half of the plate should be full of salad or vegetables. One quarter should contain "fresh chicken, fish, beans or eggs", while the other quarter needs "potatoes, brown rice, bread, noodles or pasta". "Fruit and vegetables should make up a big part of what you eat every day," the charity emphasised. "When planning a meal, start with what veggies or salad you want to have and aim for this to fill at least half of your plate or bowl." When it comes to pasta or rice, the official advice is to opt for wholegrain varieties. If you are a meat eater, then the preferred protein is chicken; this is because processed and red meat can increase the risk of cancer. Most specifically, red meat can increase the risk of bowel cancer, which can be a deadly disease. It is also advisable to cut down on sugar drinks and high-calorie food, such as fast food. Consuming lots of sugary and fast food is linked to obesity, which is linked to numerous types of cancer. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) noted that obesity could lead to 13 different types of cancer. Examples include pancreas, thyroid, and liver cancer, in addition to breast cancer and gallbladder cancer. Doctor William Li is the author of Eat to Beat Disease, available in all good bookstores and online.