New footage shows Anthony Joshua shouting at his father and telling him to "get off" after attempting to calm his son down following his defeat to Oleksandr Usyk on Saturday night. With scorecards of 115-113, 113-115, and 116-12, Joshua was denied the chance to reclaim his belts and at the end of his contest in Saudi Arabia the Briton stormed out of the ring and threw down the Ring Magazine and WBA (super) belts. After cooling off, Joshua turned around and headed back to the ring to snatch the mic and deliver an impassioned speech. "Oh my, that's just emotion. Wait, wait I'm talking!" snapped Joshua as Usyk approached. "If you knew my story then you'd understand the passion. I ain't no f***ing amateur boxer from five years old that was an elite prospect from a youth bro. I was going to jail in Reading jail. "I got bail and I started training my a*** off cause if I got sentenced I wanted to be able to fight. I bust my case. G14 where's your hand? I'm stealing this Usyk I'm sorry but it's the f***ing passion we put into this.   "I'm telling you for this guy to beat me tonight, maybe I could have done better but it shows the levels of hard work he must have put in. So, please give him a round of applause as our heavyweight champion of the world." But before this, Joshua was videoed from ringside telling his father "get off" as he reached out to grab 'AJ's' hand. Many have jumped on the Watford powerhouse's back following his antics after the fight but the former unified heavyweight champion, overcome with emotion and likely concussed appeared to have little control over his actions. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury makes heartbreaking plea over knife crime after cousin is killed Joshua storms out the ring in fury, shouts at Usyk Usyk sent emotional message from Ukraine president after AJ win  Joshua recently explained his out-of-character behaviour during an Instagram post: "I wish @usykaa continued success in your quest for greatness. You are a class act champ. Yesterday I had to mentally take myself into a dark place to compete for the championship belts! I had two fights, one with Usyk and one with my emotions and both got the better of me. "I’ll be the first to admit, I let myself down. I acted out of pure passion and emotion and when not controlled it ain’t great. I love this sport so so much and I’ll be better from this point on. Respect." The Brit is now looking at returning to the ring in November-December time against a currently undisclosed opponent. Deontay Wilder and Dillian Whyte are among the names rumoured to be next. 