Want to see whether Emma Raducanu can defend her crown at the US Open 2022? We've got details on how you can watch every match from Flushing Meadows in New York. Once again, Amazon's Prime Video service has secured the rights to broadcast the US Open exclusively in the UK. If you're a fan of Amazon's coverage, unfortunately this will be the final year that the US Open is shown on Prime Video before it moves to Sky Sports from next year. This big shake-up next year means the 2022 is the final chance to watch the US Open entirely for free. Prime Video costs £5.99 a month while an Amazon Prime subscription is £7.99 a month at the moment. But you can sign-up to a 30 day free Amazon Prime trial which will let you watch the entire US Open tournament without paying a single penny. Prime Video shows daily highlights as well as letting you watch replays of individual matches if you miss them live. The Prime Video app can be accessed on a wide range of platforms such as Android and iOS smartphones and tablets, through the Fire TV Stick or Fire tablets, on Smart TVs as well as on PlayStation and Xbox consoles and through your web browser too. The US Open 2022 begins on Monday August 29 with play on Arthur Ashe starting from 12pm eastern time / 5pm UK time. While Amazon has the rights to show the US Open live in the UK, depending on where you are in the world you may need to turn to other services such as Hulu + Live TV or Sling TV in the US. If you're an Amazon Prime subscriber whose on holiday it might be possible to use a VPN to change your location so you can tune in. For those that aren't aware, a virtual private network (VPN) lets you change your IP address so web services think you're based in a different location. An IP address is the unique identifier which lets websites, apps and more know what region you're in. This can lead to you being blocked from accessing content available in specific regions. This process is known as geo blocking, and it's something that VPNs can help you get around. If you want to give a VPN service a go then we've got some good news for you. Our favourite VPN for streaming – ExpressVPN – is currently giving away 3-months free for all new sign-ups. And that's not all as you'll also get a 49% discount. The US Open - the final tennis Grand Slam of the year - is taking place over the next two weeks, and there's plenty of reasons to tune in. For British fans, the big story will be Emma Raducanu's defence of her US Open title. The Bromley-teenager stunned the tennis world last year when she rewrote the history books to become the first qualifier ever to win a Grand Slam. Not only that, but Raducanu became the first female British player to win a Grand Slam since Virginia Wade in 1977. It was a stunning victory that came shortly after Raducanu burst onto the scene with a brilliant debut run at Wimbledon 2021. The 19-year-old will begin her US Open crown with a difficult opponent though, facing off against Alize Cornet - who ended Iga Swiatek's 37 match winning streak at Wimbledon 2022 - in the first round. Another pick from the first round clashes will be four-time major champion Naomi Osaka facing off against Australian Open 2022 finalist Danielle Collins. Besides Raducanu, one of the biggest stories of the US Open 2022 will be Serena Williams' swansong. One of the greatest players in tennis history, Williams will be looking to win that elusive record-equalling 24th Grand Slam title before hanging up her racquet. On the men's side Rafael Nadal will be looking to win his 23rd Grand Slam and fifth US Open title. His big rival Novak Djokovic won't be travelling to Flushing Meadows, but the Spaniard will face plenty of stiff competition with big name players such as Daniil Medvedev, rising superstar Carlos Alcaraz and Nick Kyrgios (fresh from his Wimbledon final appearance) in the draw. Dominic Thiem will also be making his first appearance at the US Open since winning the title in 2020 against Alexander Zverev who is still out of action following a horrific injury at the French Open. MORE LIKE THIS