  Motown icon Lamont Dozier has died at the age of 83, as tributes pour in from fans across the world. The late songwriter was responsible for such hits as Baby Love and Two Hearts, and has worked with some of the biggest names in the music industry.      Heartbroken fans and friends have been paying tribute to the music legend on social media following the news of Lamont’s death. However, a cause of death has not been revealed at this time. Producer Brandon Williams wrote: "Another man that sat down and taught me a lot about music is gone. "The great Lamont Dozier. I'll never forget meeting and working with him along with the Holland Brothers in 2006. “Thank you for all you did for me and for the world at large. You definitely made this place better." READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John dead: Grease actress dies aged 73   Lamont was behind hits for artists such as The Supremes, the Four Tops and the Isley Brothers. The tragic news of his death was confirmed by his son Lamont Dozier Jr on Instagram, who bid his father an emotional farewell. “Rest in Heavenly Peace, Dad!” he wrote beside a picture of them both. Lamont was one third of production team Holland–Dozier–Holland and was responsible for 10 of the Supremes’ 12 US No 1 singles, including Baby Love and You Keep Me Hanging On.      The trio Holland–Dozier–Holland also included brothers Brian and Eddie Holland. The famous three were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990. The Detroit-born star went on to live in California and is survived by his wife and three children. Lamont's passion for music began when he was young, as the star grew up singing in the Baptist gospel choir and listening to his father's jazz music. READ MORE... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [ARCHIVE] Ian Hislop on time apart from wife Victoria 'Lives in Greece!' [INSIGHT] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [NEWS]      Tributes to Lamont from devastated fans have come pouring in on social media. Danny Kelly wrote: “RIP Lamont Dozier, writer of the Motown songs that defined Soul and Pop. Interviewed him at his home in the LA canyons. “After our chat, he took me to a back room and, on a battered old upright piano, played me THOSE songs. I teared up; he smiled. A great man.” Ian Wade tweeted: “Lamont Dozier RIP. I did PR on his Reflections album in 2004 (basically him performing the classics he wrote) and spent the day with him and his wife at his hotel and various radio stations, and saw everyone go giddy in front of him. An absolute gentleman and legend.”     Steve Levine penned: “So terribly sad to hear the news of Lamont Dozier - a true legend a lovely man and one of greatest record producers and writers ever  - much love RIP.” “Rest In Peace, Lamont Dozier. One of the greatest songwriters of all time,” added Mel Smith. Chris William wrote: “I just found out that the legendary songwriter, producer, and artist, Lamont Dozier has passed away. “My prayers go out to his family and friends. There would be no Motown sound without his pen and musical genius. Rest in Power.”    