Roger Johnson and Nina Warhurst were back on Sunday to give BBC Breakfast viewers the latest news headlines. The story that seemed to dominate the programme was the weather and how some areas of the UK are suffering from a drought as a result of the heatwave. However, following the weather report, like most people, Roger admitted to struggling to sleep at night because of the heat. Roger's co-host Nina aired her concern for Roger, before joking she had no trouble sleeping at all. "It's a bit of relief for many people," Roger began following the news that temperatures were going to drop in the coming week. "Thank you very much indeed, Sarah," the host continued before speaking about his suffering: "It was tricky sleeping, wasn't it? "It was so sticky last night. I really struggled I have to say." READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation Despite her concern for her co-star, Nina went on to admit: "I am one of those people who gets on everyone's nerves and sleeps really well in the heat. "I don't know what it is, it puts me into a deep sleep. I am sorry about that, you probably don't want to hear it." Nina and Roger often share snaps from behind the scenes at the BBC studio. Ahead of the show, Nina shared a sweet photo of the pair sitting on the Breakfast sofa.  The duo were all smiles, as the host explained what was coming up on the show. "From Salford @BBCBreakfast crew with you as #SalmanRushdie reportedly recovering well," she wrote. "Avanti reduces its timetable @SarahKLweather rain dance worked - there’s some next week "@SebastianEPayne @Martha_Gill on policy as bills, bills, bills, dominate the papers." (sic)  DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little speaks out on Neville Parker exit [INSIGHT]Big Breakfast viewers 'switch off' after 10 minutes [REACTION] Viewers were also thrilled to see the pair back on the show, with many taking to social media to share their thoughts. John wrote: "Sunday's Breakfast is always great to watch when Roger and Nina are presenting it. What more can I say." (sic) He later added: "Such a joy to watch Breakfast with Roger and Nina presenting. Nina, you're looking so beautiful in a flowery dress this morning. Thank you for bringing us Breakfast this Sunday morning Roger & Nina, it's appreciated." (sic) Ghillie praised: "Nina Warhurst looks lovely this morning in that dress."   "Morning Nina, Roger top Sunday morning presenting since 6am," Barrie replied. Roger and Nina often take the reigns to present BBC Breakfast at the weekend. During Sunday's instalment, they were also joined by Sarah Keith-Lucas, who gave the latest weather report. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.