The festival is the UK’s “largest family fundraising” event, according to Chris Hughes, the managing director of CarFest. To date, CarFest has managed to raise a whopping £20million for children’s charities across the country. Speaking about this year’s event, Mr Hughes exclusively told Express.co.uk: “People can expect an enormous amount of fun to be had! “Now in its eleventh year, CarFest has pulled out all the stops to make this year bigger and better than ever before, with seven festivals in one. “Families can expect to be swept up in the festival’s positive energy with a whole lot of excitement, jaw-dropping action, delicious food and, of course, a music line-up that’s guaranteed to get people dancing. “It’s the ideal Bank Holiday weekend for any family.” READ MORE: Elderly driver fined £50 after making a typo – ‘I won’t be paying it!’ On top of that, drivers have been encouraged to attend if they want to forget about the high fuel prices. While the prices of both diesel and petrol are slowly dropping, they still remain high. According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, drivers can expect to pay 170.40p per litre of unleaded on average. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who will have to fork out 182.70p per litre on average. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to use little-known air con button [ADVICE]Mum with two babies fined after being trapped in car park [SHOCKING] Drivers warned of huge fines for swearing behind the wheel [WARNING] The RAC’s forecast predicts both prices to drop further in the next few ways. With that in mind, Mr Hughes has encouraged drivers from across the UK to visit CarFest as a form of distraction. Many people might have fallen out of love with motoring as fuel prices soared. However, according to Mr Hughes, it’s now time to bring that passion back. READ MORE: Caravan owners warned of huge 30 percent fuel economy drop when towing He said: “The sky-high fuel prices have been a hindrance for those with a passion for cars and all things motoring, but we’re not letting that dampen our excitement for the outstanding displays at CarFest. “The festival is a great chance for ‘petrolheads’ to get up close and personal with all sorts of motors, from old school classics to modern drift masters, the weird and wonderful, track stars and racing rally legends. “I do think it’s going to be a nice escape and reminder of why us motoring enthusiasts love what we love.” CarFest South is being held in Laverstoke Park Farm near Winchester in Hampshire. The festival started on August 26 and will run until Sunday, August 28. The postcode for Laverstoke Park Farm is RG25 3DR. As well as music from some huge acts like James Blunt and Paloma Faith, motoring enthusiasts will also be treated to the fastest cars, incredible food and demonstrations.