A dozen or so powerful explosions were heard this evening in Melitopol, which is located in the Zaporizhzhia region. Ivan Fedorov, the city's mayor, wrote on his Telegram channel: "Another evening is getting restless for the Russian military." He added: "About 10 powerful explosions are already heard in the western part of Melitopol.  "We believe in the Armed forces and are waiting for good news for Ukrainian and devastating news for the Russians." Melitopol is a strategic rail hub and crucial segment of Putin's land bridge to Crimea. It fell early in the war, on the third day of the invasion. Since then it has been subjected to sabotage attacks by partisans. Video footage of the attack shows flames and thick smoke billowing upwards into the night's sky. Air sirens can be heard wailing their warnings, along with further explosions. Detonating munitions soar into the blackness of the night, looking for all the world like fireworks.  Ukrainian commanders have targeted in recent weeks Russian ammunition dumps behind the front lines. The acquisition of US supplied HIMARS has allowed Ukraine's army to inflict devastating damage to Russia's stock of artillery ammunition. It comes as the Russian-installed head of the Zaporizhzhia region told a rally in Melitopol that he would be holding a referendum to determine whether the southern region would join Russia. Yevgeny Balitsky told a small crowd of onlookers: "I am signing the order for the central election committee to start the preparations for holding a referendum on the reunification of the Zaporizhzhia region with the Russian Federation." The proposal elicited a furious response from Mr Fedorov, the Ukrainian city's elected mayor. READ MORE:Putin's staff forced to take old aircraft parts as war sanctions bite  He said: "The occupiers realised their plans to hold a pseudo-referendum are on the verge of collapse. "Even under the muzzles of machine guns, no more than 10 percent of Melitopol residents support Russia." He added: "The collaborators decided to make another propaganda picture for the Russian mass media in order to at least somehow serve themselves in front of the Kremlin's 'elder brother'. "They brought a crowd from other temporarily occupied territories of the Zaporizhzhia region to Melitopol. "Seven hundred people because even that many cannot be recruited among the local population and held a 'forum' in the city's Palace of Culture." DON'T MISS'No-one's left' Russian officer tells of mass troop desertions [NEWS]'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood [REVEAL]Russian tank explodes as Ukraine launches Javelin missile attack - VID [INSIGHT]  Roughly two-thirds of Zaporizhzhia is under Russian occupation, part of a swathe of southern Ukraine that Moscow captured early in the war. This includes most of the neighbouring Kherson region, where Russian officials have also discussed plans for a referendum. On Sunday, President Volodymyr Zelensky said peace talks with Russia would be impossible if the country proceeded with such votes in the occupied areas. He said in his nightly address to the nation: "“Our country’s position remains what it always has been. We will give up nothing of what is ours. “If the occupiers proceed along the path of pseudo-referendums they will close for themselves any chance of talks with Ukraine and the free world, which the Russian side will clearly need at some point."