Chelsea will hold a ‘summit’ over a transfer for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang with a move for the Barcelona striker now looking ‘very far away’, according to reports in the Spanish media. The Blues have been strongly linked with a deal for former Arsenal forward Aubameyang as they look to strengthen their attacking options. Barca need to reduce their wage bill to register all of their new signings with La Liga, and Aubameyang is a player linked with a departure. That is despite him only joining from Arsenal in January. The 33-year-old is of interest to Chelsea, who need a new striker after letting Romelu Lukaku rejoin Inter Milan on loan. Tuchel previously worked with Aubameyang at Borussia Dortmund, sharing an excellent relationship with the Gabon international. However, the Stamford Bridge outfit are ‘very far away’ from matching Barca’s valuation of the player. A ‘summit’ will now be held between both clubs and Aubameyang’s representatives, with Tuesday seen as a vital day if a deal is to be agreed. JUST IN: Man Utd discover mammoth Gakpo fee and hindrance in Pulisic deal That is according to the print edition of Spanish publication Sport (relayed in English via Sport Witness), who claim that there is quite a large distance between the two clubs in terms of a valuation. Neither team wants to enter the final week of the window with the situation still unknown. Chelsea have agreed personal terms with Aubameyang but are not close to making a bid in the region of Barca’s asking price. Wide-ranging reports suggest that the La Liga club want around £25m - a high fee for a player who has turned 33. Tuchel is keen to add a couple of players before the September 1 transfer deadline, with Aubameyang, Frenkie de Jong and Wesley Fofana all linked. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd back in for De Jong, Zaniolo updateChelsea put 'threat on the table' as talks with Barcelona hit a snagChelsea backed to sign perfect Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang alternative The German said he believed Chelsea could compete with the squad they already have, although those quotes came before the Blues’ 3-0 thrashing at Leeds on Sunday. He told journalists in his pre-match press conference: “I believe we can compete with this group. To be very honest it is one thing to compete once a week and another 60 times in a year and three times a week. For this, you need a strong group. It’s simply like this. You need players who challenge for their place, their minutes and push each other to their highest level. "It does not come down to only tactics, team spirit but also the challenge and quality of players within the team and depth within the squad. That has not changed. We are very happy about the performance still but we are still active in the market and know what can be possible. "If not, we will make the very best out of it. If we are looking, we are looking for high quality and personality that suits our group and club. Nothing has changed.”