The Spanish Government announced travel across certain parts of the country via rail network will be free from September 1. The scheme will last until December 31, 2022. British tourists visiting the country will be able to travel on certain routes free of charge from next month. The offer applies to multi-trip ticket journeys on Cercanías, which are the short-distance trains, and Media Distancia, or medium-distance routes. The Spanish Ministry of Transport said in a message last month: “This measure encourages using public transport to guarantee a safe, reliable, comfortable, economic and sustainable means of doing the daily commute amid the extraordinary increase of energy and fuel prices." The new scheme aims to help Spaniards who have to travel across the country amid the cost of living crisis but tourists can also benefit from this offer when they visit Spain. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade Holidaymakers should note the offer will not be valid for a single or return ticket. Tourists will need to select a monthly or multi-trip ticket for the Cercanías, Rodalies and Media Distancia services on the Renfe website. Single tickets, return tickets and AVE trains are all excluded. Medium-distance services cover regional routes between the provinces or autonomous communities in Spain. These could be routes connecting cities such as Madrid with Cantabria, Valencia or Andalusia.  Medium-distance services include the trains Avant, Regional, Regional Exprés, Media Distancia and Intercity. Holidaymakers can visit the Spanish train operator's website renfe.com for more information and to book tickets. Spain’s president, Pedro Sánchez, explained: "I’d like the people of Spain to know that I’m fully aware of the daily difficulties that most people have. “I know salaries cover less and less and that it’s difficult to get to the end of the month.” READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip This measure comes after the Spanish Government discounted all public transport - including metros, buses and trams - by 30 percent. Meanwhile, in the UK, it was announced earlier this year that rail fares would rise by 3.8 percent. Sevilla - Cádiz Alicante - Madrid Madrid - Córdoba Salamanca - Madrid Madrid - Segovia Barcelona - Tarragona Barcelona - Girona Granada - Málaga Granada – Córdoba – Sevilla Madrid – Toledo Ourense - Santiago - A Coruña