The sisters can be seen happily playing a hula hoop on the road moments before the devastating incident. The video also shows officers running towards her ten minutes after they say she was attacked. Paramedics can also be seen rushing to the scene in an effort to save her. Towards the end of the footage, police are show ushering concerned members of the public away from where the schoolgirl lay dying. Yesterday an inquest opening was told that Lilia Valutyte died from a single stab wound to her chest. The little girl was confirmed dead at Boston’s Pilgrim Hospital following an incident in the market town in Lincolnshire on Thursday July 28. Lithuanian fruit picker Deividas Skebas was remanded into custody at Lincoln Crown Court on Monday after being charged with Lilia’s murder. Lincolnshire Coroner’s Court heard how the schoolgirl was formally identified by her stepfather Aurelijus Savickas. Acting senior coroner Paul Smith was told a forensic post-mortem examination had been carried out by pathologist Stuart Hamilton and the “provisional cause of death has been given as… stab wound to the chest.” The coroner adjourned the inquest until the conclusion of criminal proceedings. Skebas, of Thorold Street, Boston, was arrested on Saturday after a CCTV appeal and is next due to appear at Lincoln Crown Court for a plea hearing on September 19. The 22-year-old is yet to enter a plea to the murder charge. Lilia was found with a stab wound in Fountain Lane, Boston, close to where her mother was working at about 6.20pm. Det Ch Insp Jennifer Lovatt, of Lincolnshire Police, told yesterday’s brief hearing that the welfare of the victim’s family “continues to be a priority”. Lina Savicke, 35, the girl's mother, lives in Boston with new partner, Aurelijus, 32, both originally from Lithuania. It is understood both work for an agricultural recruitment company. Lilia's father who lives abroad is understood to have arrived in Boston on Sunday afternoon. Lilia was a talented dancer who attended classes with other Lithuanian children in Boston. She also took part in national street dance competitions. The officer added that the “devastating incident” meant the force had to commit “a considerable number of resources to the investigation”. Skebas was detained after four CCTV images were released of a man detectives said they wished to trace. The CCTV showed a male in the Wormgate and Fountain Lane area of Boston at 6.15pm on Thursday, five minutes before Lilia was found dead.