The first episode of the Duchess of Sussex's podcast, which explores female stereotypes, was released today. Meghan is joined by tennis star and close friend Serena Williams. She also speaks of the 'negativity' she has faced as a result of her ambition.  Entitled The Misconception of Ambition with Serena Williams, the pair discuss the double standards women face when they are labelled "ambitious". The Duchess and the sports champion also share personal stories about the struggles they felt as new mothers. And Prince Harry makes an appearance, with Meghan saying: "You wanna come say hi? Look who just popped in." Meghan and Serena greet Harry with "Hello" in British accents. Harry tells the tennis superstar: "I like what you've done with your hair. That's a great vibe." She replies: "Thank you. Good to see you too as always, I miss you guys." The Duke responds "Well come and see us", with Meghan saying they will make a plan. As Harry leaves, Meghan says: "Thanks my love." During the episode, the Duchess speaks out about being branded "ambitious" when she started dating Harry. She says: "I don't even remember hearing the negative connotations for the word ambition until I started dating my now-husband. "And apparently ambition is a terrible, terrible thing, for a woman, that is according to some. "So, since I've felt the negativity behind it, it's really hard to un-feel it. "I can't un-see it either in the millions of women and girls who make themselves smaller, so much smaller on a regular basis." Meghan also recounts a story of how her son Archie narrowly escaped a fire in his bedroom where he was supposed to be sleeping during the Sussexes' tour of South Africa when they were working royals. Archie's then nanny had taken the four-and-a-half-month-old tot with her downstairs as she went to get a snack and while they were gone the heater in the nursery caught fire. Meghan says she was told after she and Harry finished a royal engagement. She adds: "We came back. And, of course, as a mother, you go, 'Oh, my God, what?' Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken. And what do we have to do? Go out and do another official engagement? I said, 'This doesn't make any sense'."  Serena reveals Harry helped her with the decision to retire from tennis as she spent an hour discussing the issue with the Queen's grandson. Meghan, who quit the monarchy with Harry, says: "I think, you know, I think both of us, or the three of us, really know that sometimes the right decision isn't the easiest decision. "It takes a lot of courage, I think, too, to stop something in many ways than to keep going sometimes." Dr Laura Kray, a leading expert on gender in the workplace, also features in the episode.  A new promotional clip for Archetypes was also released today, with the Duchess saying: "It's time to cut through the noise." The second episode, which is out next week, features singer Mariah Carey as a guest. The former Suits star's Archetypes podcast was announced back in March.  In the series, Meghan will investigate "the labels that try to hold women back". The Duchess will speak to historians and experts to "uncover the origin of these stereotypes and have uncensored conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives".  In a teaser when the series was announced, Meghan said: "This is how we talk about women, the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us. "But where do these stereotypes come from? "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?  "This is Archetypes - the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. "And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." Meghan and Harry signed their deal with Spotify after quitting as working royals in 2020 for a new life in America. In December that year they released a holiday special podcast episode which featured celebrity guests as well as their son Archie. However since then Sussex fans have been eagerly awaiting further content from Archewell Audio. 