National Highways are warning drivers of potential traffic concerns on Saturday, August 13, as the heatwave continues. Many are planning to go on holiday this day and opting to drive, with many also affected by the rail strikes, where nine train companies will not be running. Aside from the potential traffic chaos, drivers are being warned of motoring fines they face for trying to beat the heat at the wheel. Britons may face fines up to £5,000 for wearing the wrong shoes when driving this week. The DVSA urges drivers to wear shoes with a sturdy sole, which should be no thicker than 10mm, provide enough grip to stop from slipping off the pedals and not restrict ankle movement. This may also rule out flip flops, which could lead to fines, nine penalty points and even a driving ban for driving without due care and attention. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption Eating at the wheel could also see drivers slapped with an on-the-spot fine of £100 for careless driving. This can be done by the police if they believe the driver was not in proper control of the vehicle. A study conducted by the University of Leeds found that drivers who eat while at the wheel have slower reaction times, up to 44 percent slower than those who are driving normally. Paul Beecher, National Network Manager at National Highways, said: “It is always important to plan ahead for your journey. DON'T MISSDrivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [WARNING]DEAL OF THE DAY: Save £5 on fuel at ALL UK petrol stations with deal [DEALS]Woman savages 'pathetic' neighbours over car parking tactics [SHOCKING] “This advice is no different during periods of hot weather and during the summer holiday season. “We urge everyone travelling to be well prepared and check their vehicles before setting out. “These safety checks include checking your tyres, oil and coolant levels and importantly, ensuring you are carrying plenty of drinking water, fluids and provisions. “We want everyone to arrive at their destinations safely, so please plan ahead and check travel conditions before starting your journey.” The Met Office warned that travel delays would be possible with more people visiting coastal areas, lakes, rivers and other beauty spots. Simon Brown, Services Director for the Met Office, said this was the second significant period of extreme heat the UK has faced this year. While temperatures are not as high as in the extreme heat warning during mid-July, parts of the country may experience temperatures in the mid-30s. This is expected in southern England, the Midlands, south Yorkshire and Manchester. He added: “The difference is the time of the week which coincides with UK holiday turnaround and the duration is longer.” During particularly hot weather, drivers should make sure their engine stays within the normal operating temperature range. However, if it begins to overheat, they are advised to find somewhere safe to stop and allow it to cool down. England’s motorways and major A roads are highly resilient to extremes of weather, including hot weather. The design standards applied to National Highways’ roads are considered best practice and are adopted by other countries around the world.