BEING a viewer is entirely different to being a housemate. It's incredible how quickly you get used to living in the Big Brother house. I guess that's how people become institutionalized. After a while I could forget I was being filmed all the time and I very quickly got used to constantly having other folk around. A few of the housemates suffered panic attacks and claustrophobia, which was understandable, although luckily I felt fine. Strangely, it reminded me of when I was growing up. The bathrooms and toilets didn't have locks but we had a system of always knocking before we went in and everyone respected each other's space. When I was growing up, I had to fight five other girls to use the bathroom, our two poor brothers didn’t even stand a chance. They used to relieve themselves at the pub up the road! The thing I found hardest was never knowing exactly what time it was. Big Brother woke us every morning with the bright studio lights and an alarm but we didn't really know whether it was four in the morning or midday. Sometimes we'd be exhausted but Big Brother would still demand we get up. Then Big Brother would do something antagonistic, like turn the hot water off, or only have the hot water on and turn the cold off, blast the air-con or the heat, so everyone’s uncomfortable. Besides the tasks, there was actually very little to be doing in there apart from housework, which was incredibly ironic considering the place was always a pig sty, despite our best efforts. They make you do nothing all day, so you get bored and get argumentative with each other. Probably the worst aspect of life in the house was the food. It was grim, there was a lot of chickpea mash! If we wanted bread, we had to make it from scratch. At one point I lived on Weetabix for three days because I was sick of the sight of chickpeas. Most of the time we were all pretty much starving-hungry. On reflection, I should’ve taken my chances doing I’m A Celebrity! I quickly became close to Sam Faiers and Casey Batchelor but I felt like I got on with everyone. The youngsters called me Momma Lin because I suppose to them I was a protective, motherly figure in the house. I loved it. I wasn't nominated for three weeks and was having the time of my life. It was exactly what I needed after a tough few years. At the beginning of our third week in the house we were called to the diary room individually. Big Brother told me to take off my microphone and then I was taken through a door into another room. It was all very cloak and dagger and I was instantly terrified something must have happened to one of the family back home. Thankfully, it turned out the series had been receiving their highest ever ratings and wanted to extend it for an extra week. They were asking if I would be happy to stay in longer. Apart from the run-ins with Jim Davidson, which we did sort out, I was having the time of my life. I was delighted that the British public were enjoying it too. Unfortunately for me, I was on borrowed time. On the following eviction night, I received two nominations. My fate now lay in the hands of the public, I really wanted to stay (probably one of the few people who wanted to actually stay in!) And then it happened, “The next person to be evicted from the Celebrity Big Brother is… Linda”, the pause seemed to go on for a lifetime and when I heard my name, my heart just dropped. After that, it was such a rush and a hurry I didn't have a chance to think about it any further - or what the response would be in the outside world. As the doors slid open, I stepped out into the freezing air. But if that was cold, the reaction of the audience was Arctic. The crowd were booing and hissing at me. I reckon if they'd been allowed to stone housemates that's what they'd have done to me. I was horror-struck. 'What had I done that they hated me so much?' I was thinking. Everything that had happened over the last few weeks raced through my head as I tried to understand what the hell was going on. It was only later I realised that the show has warm-up guys before filming starts who whip up the crowd into a frenzy, so by the time the evictee comes out they're ready to kill. I was extremely scared about going out after. A few days before the final, I plucked up the courage to go out and went to the Westfield centre in Stratford to get a new phone charger. I'd been mooching around the shop for a while, when I became conscious there was a big crowd of people standing near me. I thought a new shop must be opening nearby or something. Then gradually I realized they were looking at me. At first it was scary, as I thought they were all about to start booing like the crowd outside the Big Brother house. But then this group of boys came up and asked if they could have their picture taken with me. After that it was one person after another, all wanting selfies and saying how much they'd loved me on the show.  Big Brother's Big Secrets Pt 1: The Shocking truth about my time in Big Brother house  Shop assistants were asking for all the gossip from inside and then the shop manager asked if I'd like to have a chat in his office while his staff served me. All I wanted was a phone charger! It was hilarious. It gave me an enormous boost to think that maybe not all the public were against me. A few days later it was the Live Final, but the thought of going back to the house again and seeing the crowds, as well as Jim, was horrific. I'd have rather licked the back of my fridge than spend one more evening with Jim. In the end it wasn’t so bad and it was great to have a final catch-up with the other housemates. I'd loved getting to know them. At the wrap party, Jim was like the cat who got the cream when it was announced he was the winner. He came over to me at the end of the final show. "Well done" I said. He just grinned and replied “I know. Fooled them all, right to the end.” I still loved my time in the house and if they asked me back, I’d be there in a heartbeat. Good luck to all the new victims, sorry, Housemates, have a ball!  Linda will be writing each and every week for Express.co.uk  