Aged 22, Halle Berry had just started out on her acting career when, during taping of the television series Living Dolls, she fell into a diabetic coma. Shortly afterwards, medics diagnosed the up-and-coming star with type 1 diabetes. Recalling her experience, Berry told Insider: "It was a moment I'll never forget. I had to re-spin the way I lived my life and have carried that with me ever since." Notably a "serious" health condition, the leading charity Diabetes UK explained how the autoimmune disorder develops. For reasons still being investigated, the body turns on itself and begins to attack the cells in the pancreas. The pancreas is an organ that is responsible for making the hormone insulin, which regulates glucose (i.e. sugar) levels in the blood. When the pancreas is damaged, insulin is not made, meaning glucose continuously builds up in the bloodstream. READ MORE: How to live longer – The golden drink 'significantly' lowering cholesterol and blood sugar  "We all need insulin to live," the charity pointed out. "It does an essential job. It allows the glucose in our blood to enter our cells and fuel our bodies." The charity elaborated: "When you have type 1 diabetes, your body still breaks down the carbohydrate from food and drink and turns it into glucose. "But when the glucose enters your bloodstream, there’s no insulin to allow it into your body’s cells. "More and more glucose then builds up in your bloodstream, leading to high blood sugar levels." DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Smell that? The smelly sign to spot [ADVICE]Cancer: The 'sudden' sign when waking up in the morning [TIPS]Linda Hamilton: Actress suffered 'seriously' for decades [INSIGHT] Over time, too much sugar in the blood can lead to dire consequences, causing damage to internal organs, as well as the eyes and feet. The mains symptoms of type 1 diabetes are needing to urinate more frequently, an unquenchable thirst, and losing weight without trying. "Everyone with type 1 diabetes needs to take insulin," Diabetes UK noted, but Berry also has her own way of managing the chronic condition. Berry, now 55, revealed: "Because I'm diabetic, nutrition has been a big part of my life. "For the past almost 30 years I have been following the ketogenic lifestyle." The ketogenic lifestyle involves adhering to a low-carb diet, where more calories are consumed from protein and fat. Experts at Harvard Medical School cautioned that the diet "has numerous risks", from nutritional deficiencies to liver issues. Diabetes UK, instead, promotes "eating a healthy, balanced diet" full of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and healthy fats. For recipe ideas, Diabetes UK have a range of nutritious recipes people can try. As for Berry, she believes the keto diet has "largely [been] responsible for slowing down [her] ageing process". If you would like support in your diabetes management, book an appointment with your diabetes care team, or you doctor. Halle Berry stars in John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum, which is showcasing on Wednesday, August 10 at 9pm on 4seven on Freeview.