On September 5, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will travel to the UK and Germany to attend charity events. The Queen is currently taking her traditional summer vacation at Balmoral Castle in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are unlikely to travel to Balmoral to see the Queen when they visit the UK, according to sources cited by the Telegraph. The broadsheet has also claimed the royal couple has not been informed of decisions relating to their security while they are in Britain. Express.co.uk has approached Harry and Meghan's spokesperson for comment. Since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down as working royals in 2020, a Home Office committee makes decisions on whether the couple should be given police protection. The committee has stated due to Prince Harry’s “particular and unusual position” that the UK would provide protection on a case-by-case basis. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ letter predicting Diana's death kept secret for 6 yrs The Duke of Sussex previously argued that a private security team would not have enough information in order to keep his family safe and has offered to pay the Metropolitan Police for its services. Robert Palmer QC, representing the Home Office, previously said in written submissions that “personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately financed basis”. Last month, Prince Harry won the right to challenge the Home Office’s decision to deny the Sussex family protection while they are staying in the UK. Prince Harry argued that he inherited a risk to his safety at birth due to his royal status. He asked for a judicial review and said that the Queen’s private secretary should not have been involved in the Home Office’s security decision due to “significant tensions” between them. Harry and Meghan were expected to leave Wednesday and Thursday of next week free in order to visit the Queen during her summer break. The 96-year-old monarch was reportedly due to take a short visit to Frogmore Cottage, which is the Sussexes home residence while in the UK. The Queen originally planned to leave Balmoral Castle on September 6 to hold meetings with Britain’s next Prime Minister, as the results from the Conservative Party leadership vote will be announced next Monday. Her Majesty will now likely meet with the new leader and outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson at Balmoral. She is also reportedly “carefully considering” if she feels able to attend the Beaemet Games, a Highland games event nine miles from Balmoral which the Queen is known to enjoy. DON'T MISS: BBC ‘furious’ over Royal Family’s links to Nazis through Edward VIII [REVEAL]'Stronger than she knows' Meghan Markle's close friend praises Duchess [REPORT]Couldn't have done it without dad! Meghan's sister sends warning [INSIGHT] The Duke and Duchess have confirmed they will be attending two charity events while in the UK. They will attend the Wellchild Awards ceremony in London, for which Prince Harry has been a long-time patron of the charity that supports children with long-term illnesses. They will also attend a youth summit in Manchester. A source claimed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle chose these events in order to give the charities some publicity after the pandemic. The royal couple will also travel to Germany in between both charity events in order to launch the 2023 Invictus Games.