Emma Willis, 46, has been married to Matt Willis, 39, since 2008 and the couple share three young children. As Emma graces our screens tonight on Sports Relief All Star Games, Express.co.uk looks back on the presenter's family life and her concerns as she and her children continue to grow older. Emma and Matt share Isabelle, 12, Ace, ten, and Trixie, six, and keep their children away from their busy public life. Speaking in an unearthed interview about her fears as a parent, The Voice UK presenter revealed how she worries about growing old as she does not want to leave her husband and children behind. She admitted: "I just want to live as long as possible because I have three children and a husband that I don’t want to leave. "I see my parents getting older and I think, ‘How can I prevent what is going to happen to me?' READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning “I may as well try and live well now rather than getting to 60 and thinking, 'Why didn’t go to those Pilates classes?’", she told the Daily Mail. Matt and Emma have been very open in the past about how they parent their children and the different steps they take to make sure their children stay happy and safe. The former Busted guitarist spoke on a recent podcast about why he has banned his children from social media. Matt was asked how he deals with the topic of social media with his eldest child. He said on the Sweat, Snot & Tears podcast: "Well we've kind of just had to say no for a while because we watch The Social Dilemma and docs about it. "I can't see much good from it for kids. I can't see why, I can see lots of why not. "The only reason is because your friends do and I did a lot of things my friends did and I now regret it. Not really a good enough argument for me." Matt himself has no social media now and admitted the only part he struggles with is "having no idea what anyone is talking about". DON'T MISS... Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [INSIGHT] Naga Munchetty hits back as she's branded 'most annoying person on TV' [COMMENT] Leandro Lo dead: Jiu Jitsu world champion shot in nightclub [DEATH] It was also revealed in 2020 that the couple have banned their children from eating McDonald's. Matt said on the When No One's Watching podcast: "My kids have never had McDonald's. It is the one thing they’ve never had and they’ll never have it. "It is the one thing we have been like, 'Do you know what, I don’t want you thinking that is food. Plus you are going to get to an age where you eat it all the time. "I know that at the moment when I can control what you eat I am not going to let you eat that stuff'." The couple have also been praised for "breaking gender stereotypes" with their children. Emma recently shared a picture for Children's Mental Health Week of the back of her three children, each showing their own style. She also shared a snap of her son Ace in the kitchen wearing a pink T-shirt, while showing off his long hair. Emma captioned the post: "My little style icon (Ace, not Matt)." You can watch Emma presenting Sport Relief All Star Games: Birmingham 2022 on BBC One at 7pm