Selling the OC is coming to Netflix this week and viewers are excited to meet the agents in the Selling Sunset spin-off. Polly Brindle is one of the new Oppenheim Group agents and she often leaves her colleagues confused with her accent. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the star is from originally. Polly may fit in well with her Orange County co-stars but she stands out for her British accent. The star, 36, was born and raised in Northern England and gained American citizenship in March 2022. Before she became a real estate agent, she worked as a model, having been scouted when she was 15 years old. She travelled the world during her modelling career and has worked in London, Barcelona, Paris and Milan. Polly moved to LA in 2011 and turned her attention to architecture and design. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist She started working for a luxury apparel band before becoming the manager of an architecture firm. In the series, fans will see how Polly's co-stars sometimes struggle to understand her. Even her bosses, Jason and Brett Oppenheim, forget where she is originally from. Polly does not take this to heart and is always ready to defend her nationality. She has already caught the attention of viewers as she is seen stripping off in the show's trailer. During a scene on the beach, she is seen taking off her bikini bottoms and top before diving into the sea completely naked. She shared the trailer on Instagram, saying: "Sooo I did a thing…SO excited to finally let the cat out of the bag. "Get ready! We’re taking ‘Selling’ to the beaches of Orange County. Selling The OC is coming soon!" [Sic] In a separate post, she said: "I’m taking a moment to enjoy the calm before the storm before #sellingtheoc airs to the globe next week. DON'T MISS... NCIS fans in meltdown as star confirms Ducky's season 20 return [DISCUSSION] Selling Sunset’s Chrishell Stause addresses plans to quit Netflix show [INSIGHT] Selling Sunset fans in meltdown as season 6 and 7 confirmed [DISCUSSION] "I’m so excited for this wild adventure I have ended up on and I’m still pinching myself that it’s actually happening. "I can’t wait to hear what you all think!" In March she shared a photo of herself being awarded her American citizenship and she looked thrilled. She wrote: "SO excited to finally be able to call the country I have lived in for over a decade, home. "The security of knowing that the place I have my house, my dog, my friends and my career is officially official means more to me than most of you will know. "I’m so grateful to be able to have this piece of paper to solidify my place in this amazing country and am acutely aware so many immigrants could only dream of this privilege. "The year of the Tiger is ‘my’ year…and boy, it sure is looking that way." The luxury realtor is loving life in America but she is proud of her British roots nonetheless.  Selling the OC airs on Netflix on August 24.