Daniel Ricciardo has reportedly demanded £12m to quit McLaren as the negotiations to end his contract have commenced. Team boss Zak Brown is said to be trying to move the eight-time race winner on in order to create space to sign reigning Formula Two champion Oscar Piastri.  Ricciardo is contracted at the team until the end of 2023 and will need to be paid off to depart early. It is understood he is the only party to have the right to cancel his current deal, and it is expected Ricciardo’s asking fee may be reduced as McLaren haggles over a price. There is also a possibility that should the 33-year-old secure a drive elsewhere next season, any salary component he receives would see the same value refunded to McLaren. Formula One expert Peter Windsor believes that the current situation leaves Brown in an uncomfortable position, with the American regretting the deal he initially gave the former Red Bull and Renault man. "What will take some time now is the deal that Zak Brown will make with Daniel,” he continued. “Daniel will be riding for him for the rest of this year, so it will not be a comfortable situation for Zak. JUST IN: What McLaren may pay to sack Daniel Ricciardo as Zak Brown faces 'uncomfortable' situation   “He's bound to regret the contract he drew up in the first place, which means Daniel now has so many options and he himself doesn't." Ricciardo has broken his social media silence after reportedly being told he will lose his McLaren seat for next season. Ricciardo was photographed beaming while swimming on holiday, suggesting the Australian is not worried about his F1 future. He posted the image alongside a caption which simply said “hello” with a sun emoji. Ricciardo has been consistently outperformed by his team-mate Lando Norris this season. The Brit currently has 76 points this campaign after finishing 7th in Hungary - 57 more than Ricciardo has managed so far. DON'T MISS The Australian has been defiant in recent weeks about his future and issued a public statement confirming his intention to see out his current deal, which many took as a stand to CEO Brown, who has remained tight-lipped about Ricciardo's chances of staying with the team for the long-term. It is believed Ricciardo has no interest in moving into Formula E, where McLaren recently launched a team. With four teams reportedly making an approach for his services ahead of next season, including Alpine, the battle is on to sign up Ricciardo for 2023. 