Manchester United have both Benjamin Sesko and Sasa Kalajdzic on their striker shortlist but the Red Bull Salzburg frontman is of greater interest to the Old Trafford hierarchy, according to reports. The Red Devils are now actively on the lookout for a new No 9 with Erik ten Hag expected to target a young centre-forward, capable of providing further competition for Anthony Martial and Cristiano Ronaldo. Sesko has emerged as an important target for United, who value him as a potential star of the future. The club have now held multiple meetings with his representative Elvis Basanovic, who has also met with the likes of AC Milan and Newcastle in recent months. According to Fabrizio Romano, Sesko is above Kalajdzic in the pecking order in terms of United's striker targets as a deal slowly begins to gather momentum. The Red Devils could yet make an offer for the 19-year-old, although at the moment, he is expected to remain at Salzburg. READ MORE: Red Bull Salzburg respond as Man Utd enter fray for teenage sensation Benjamin Sesko Express Sport understands the Austrian champions have no desire to sell their most-prized asset this summer. It would take an offer in the region of £55m to swing the balance - a price United are currently unlikely to pay. Sesko recently caught the eye in a pre-season friendly against Liverpool, in which he netted the winner. United scouts are believed to be enchanted by his quality and superstar potential as they ponder a swoop for the highly-rated teen. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferRed Bull Salzburg respond as Man Utd enter fray for teenage sensation Benjamin SeskoMan Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer Kalajdzic is another name that fits the bill though with Brighton, West Ham and Southampton also said to be monitoring the Austrian. The gigantic striker can leave Stuttgart for just £16m this summer but so far, there has been no formal offers. Bayern Munich were in talks for Kalajdzic, who they deemed as a potential successor to Robert Lewandowski but the move never materialised. It leaves the door open for United to pounce should they wish to sign the centre-forward. United have been operating slowly when it comes to signing another forward after allowing Darwin Nunez to join Liverpool. Ten Hag has been keen to resolve Ronaldo's future and he intends to keep the veteran at the club, although the Portuguese forward wants out. Martial is expected to lead the line this weekend when United host Brighton in their Premier League opener. Beyond that, a new No 9 could be signed before the transfer window closes on September 1.