They may be a food people don't think about when it comes to their five-a-day, but beetroots have long been considered a superfood for all their health-promoting properties. The highly nutritious veg as been found to support the health of the brain, heart and digestive system and Dr Mosley recommended eating a specific amount to improve daily performance. Speaking on his Just One Thing podcast, he explained how people don't actually have to eat them in order to reap the benefits. "I know it sounds unlikely, but consuming beetroot or drinking it in the form of beetroot shots a few hours before an activity has been shown to improve performance and endurance," he said. "Lots of athletes also swear by it." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Dr Mosley continued to list the benefits of beetroot, which include: Lower blood pressure Increase stamina Reduces inflammation More muscle power Help maintain a healthy weight High in fibre and potassium among other essential minerals Can slow down dementia DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He added: "Beetroot [and beet juice] has been proven to improve cognitive performance and there are suggestions consuming beet juice that it could be helpful to keep your brain healthy as you age." And it is a good way to boost performance. "It's a short, sharp treatment," Dr Mosley explained. He recommended consuming around two or three medium sized beetroots a day or taking shots of beetroot juice. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Knock it back two hours beforehand," he advised for people doing workouts. Dr Mosley said: "You can even make beetroot and chocolate brownies. "It's not all grim stuff!" And, he added: "There are also known side effects, apart form pink wee." But as with any food, over-eating on beetroot or drinking too much beet juice can lead to other health problems. Risks of overconsumption can include increased risk of kidney stones due to being high in compound oxalate.