There has been an ongoing feud between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the rest of the Royal Family for a few years, particularly since announcing their decision to step down in January 2020. Biographer Tom Bower branded the couple a "considerable threat" to royals within The Firm as he suggested that the family requires "astute management" in order to "minimise the threat" that Meghan and Harry pose. Upon being asked whether Meghan and Prince Harry pose a threat to the rest of the Royal Family, Tom Bower told 60 Minutes: "I think they pose a considerable threat. "[But] the question is how the Royal Family minimise the threat and dilutes the danger and that requires astute management." The couple have distanced themselves from the monarchy after stepping down as senior royals just over two years ago. Since their royal exit, the Sussexes have made various controversial comments towards the Royal Family. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Mortified' Kate left red-faced after Meghan's bombshell revelations In March 2021, the couple sat down for a two-hour interview with Oprah Winfrey. The bombshell interview caused controversy after the couple shared some unsettling revelations during the chat with the American television host. Meghan told Oprah that there were "concerns" over the colour of their then-unborn son Archie's skin. Following Meghan’s allegation, Harry said: "That conversation, I am never going to share", adding that he was "shocked.” READ MORE: ‘No way back’ Andrew's dream return to royal life in tatters as Charles loses patience The 40-year-old also shared that she had suffered with her mental health during her time in The Firm, revealing that she had experienced "suicidal thoughts". She alleged that she was denied help during her private struggle. The pair also claimed that a rift had arisen between Harry and his father, Prince Charles. The Duke claimed that at one point his father had "stopped taking my calls" and had cut him off financially. DON'T MISS Earlier this year, Prince Harry sat down for an interview for NBC Today with the show's anchor Hoda Kotb. In this interview, Harry opened up about a meeting with his grandmother, the Queen, earlier that week. The Duke of Sussex suggested that he wants to ensure that the Queen is “protected” and has the “right people around her”, From these comments, it is unclear who the Duke was directing referring to. READ NEXT: