Filming for series 12 Vera is currently well underway, as leading Brenda Blethyn and her sidekick Kenny Doughty have been spotted on set. The cast have also teased ITV fans with snippets of what goes on behind the scenes, as they eagerly wait for the show to wrap up filming. The director of the murder mystery drama has also shared some snaps of the cast and crew’s antics on set. In his latest social media post, director Khurrum posted a photograph of himself standing next to DCI Stanhope’s iconic Land Rover. “Got special permission from DCI Vera Stanhope to sit in her legendary Land Rover,” the director wrote. DCI Stanhope’s Land Rover is probably just as iconic as the leading lady herself, as she and Aiden Healy are often spotted filming in it. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Frank returns to kill Sean's love interest However, in a recent interview, the 76-year-old admitted show bosses had to make changes to her beloved vehicle. “Oh, isn’t it lovely that car, it’s a Land Rover Discovery. I absolutely love driving it, I really, really do,” Brenda told Graham Norton in his podcast. “They had to put an extra step on the side for me to get in and out because I fly out as if I’m coming out of a shoot, I get in and out so quickly but because of that, they added the step.” In another post, Khurrum paid a sweet tribute to Brenda as he confirmed filming for an episode had been wrapped up. The director shared a sweet snap of the cast as he sat on the iconic sofa in the police station. Khurrum was all smiles as he posed with Brenda, Kenny, Riley, Jon Morrison, who plays Kenny Lockhart and Ibinabo Jack, who plays the role of Jac Williams. “And that’s a wrap. What an incredible journey,” the director penned referencing the end of an episode. “Thank you to my entire cast and crew. “And of course, a huge thank you to the legendary @BrendaBlethyn and @kennydoughty.” DON'T MISS...The Sandman creators explain Constantine gender-swap [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn looks concerned on set as Vera discovers body [PICTURES]A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down over Craig Rowe property choice [VIDEO] He went on to add: “I can’t wait to share the episode.” (sic) Filming for series 12 for Vera is expected to wrap up in autumn, however, fans are still eagerly waiting for the final episodes of series 11 to play out. Last year, filming for the latest series was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic. However, when it was safe to resume filming, the cast and crew returned to the set. The delays also meant that show bosses had to spread out when the episodes would air. The first two instalments of the ITV series aired last year, with the second two following shortly after in the New Year. Fans expected the remaining episodes to follow, however, they have been kept waiting ever since. The final two instalments are expected to be shown later this year, although, bosses have yet to confirm when. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.