As temperatures continue to soar across the UK, many British gardeners may have noticed their lawns looking a little worse for wear. Surging temperatures and a lack of rain mean many lawns across the nation are looking dry and dusty. With another heatwave on the way, it’s likely our lawns’ conditions are not going to improve any time soon. Tristan Sissons, garden buying manager at Homebase has shared exactly what gardeners can be doing to their lawns in August. Gardeners may be pleased to know, they don’t have to do a great deal. Tristan said: “Thanks to record temperatures throughout July, your lawn may be looking a little dry. “But don’t worry, it’s just ‘switching off’ to preserve itself and will soon spring back to life when the rain returns. READ MORE: How to stop house flies invading your home using common herb - 'easy' “To give it a helping hand this summer, follow our lawn tips for August:” Gardeners can tackle weeds in garden lawns this month. Tristan said: “While your grass growth might slow, weeds aren’t bothered by the summer sun. In fact, it makes them thrive! “So, we recommend keeping an eye on your lawn and using a spot treatment in a handhold spray to tackle any weeds.  DON'T MISSHow to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat without watering [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [UPDATE]Hosepipe ban 2022 exemptions in full [ANALYSIS] “Our top tip: make sure to avoid soaking the rest of your grass as it’s already working against the heat.” August is the perfect month to relax and enjoy the garden many Britons have spent months working on. The gardening expert said lawns need to largely be left alone this month. Tristan explained: “The drier air and soil will reduce the growth of your grass and can even stop it growing completely in high heat. “So, providing you give it a good water once a week, there’s not much that needs doing right now. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Get outside and enjoy a delicious barbecue.” There are currently hosepipe bans in place across parts of southern England so gardeners need to be mindful of that when watering their lawns. The hosepipe bans also include sprinklers in some areas so be sure to check with your water company what you can and can’t use. It’s best to water plants, including lawns, when the sun isn’t shining down on them. Watering in the sun means a lot of the water will evaporate. Aim to water plants either early in the morning or late at night.  However, some experts have claimed lawns should not be watered during a period of drought. Grass is very resilient and is likely to bounce back once temperatures cool and it rains. Astrid Biddle, ecologist and botanist at Hertfordshire Wildlife Trust, said gardeners should not water grass during a heatwave because water is so scarce. She said the more water is used by people, the less there is in rivers and streams because water companies have to extract it.