The Duke and Duchess of Sussex plan to cross the pond and visit the country next month - for the first time since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in early June. But a meeting with the Queen doesn't appear to be on the agenda, so far. The trip in September will be in support of "several charities close to their hearts", a spokesperson for the couple revealed. But despite the trip edging closer, Harry and Meghan are yet to confirm whether they will meet with the Queen. The couple has also not revealed whether they will meet with other senior members of the Firm including Harry's dad, Prince Charles, or his older brother, Prince William. Ingrid Seward, Editor of Majesty magazine, told the Mirror the couple should reach out and make time to ease tensions with the Firm.  She said: "Harry and Meghan’s September trip to the UK and Europe will have been carefully planned. None of this is difficult and should if they are sensible, leave space for important family matters. "Finding time to see Harry’s grandmother the Queen whether it be at Balmoral or Windsor Castle is important. She might be 96 and be suffering from mobility problems, but she is still in charge. "There is no way the Sussexes would want to upset her and making the effort to travel to Scotland if the Queen is still in residence, would go down well." Speaking about Harry's explosive memoir, set to be released later this year, Ms Seward said: "With the prospect of his controversial autobiography appearing at the end of the year and causing all kinds of family discord, Harry needs to make peace with as many people as he can, while he can. READ MORE: ‘Nothing will be mended’: Harry and William rift amid Sussex return "Whether or not that includes his brother Prince William is the question we all want answered. We may have to wait some time." During their visit to the UK next month, Harry and Meghan are expected to travel to Manchester for the One Young World Summit - an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries. Harry is a counsellor for the organisation, alongside other famous faces including Justin Trudeau, Sir Richard Branson, and Jamie Oliver.  The couple will then head to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event. After the Games, they will make their way back to the UK for the WellChild Awards on September 8. It is not yet known if their children, Archie and Lilibet, will join them on their journey back to Harry's home country. But the royal youngsters did accompany their parents when returning to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. 