Newcastle United boss Eddie Howe is supposedly ready to rival Nottingham Forest manager Steve Cooper for the signing of forgotten Chelsea midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko. Reports in Italy suggest that a last-gasp transfer swoop could be on the cards as AC Milan, with whom Bakayoko is on loan, hope to cut their arrangement short. Bakayoko is now into his sixth season on Chelsea's books, although he hasn't featured for the Blues since 2017/18. Four successive loan spells have landed him at Milan where, midway through his temporary two-year stint, the Rossoneri are supposedly keen to cut ties. The 28-year-old made 14 Serie A appearances last season without registering a goal or assist. Interested sides would mostly be after his tough tackling, however, which was in its prime during a three-year spell with Monaco that ended in 2017. According to Calciomercato, Milan are exploring ways to end the loan deal early and Chelsea could give the green light if they smell the possibility of a permanent sale. JUST IN: Leeds 'weighing up' bid for Dan James replacement which could trigger two more transfers Monza, Newcastle and Forest are all rumoured to be in contention with just two years left to run on Bakayoko's contract. Although the situation is complex, negotiations for the midfielder would take place through Chelsea who could pounce on their opportunity to cash in. There is little-to-no hope of Bakayoko resurrecting his career at Stamford Bridge, with Thomas Tuchel already well-stocked for midfielders. N'Golo Kante, Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic and Conor Gallagher are each stating their case for regular minutes and Ross Barkley has been forced out of the exit door. DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit Newly-promoted Forest have taken virtually everyone by surprise by splashing out on no less than 18 new signings, and they may not be done there. Bakayoko would take them towards the dizzying 20 mark despite already landing fellow midfielders Lewis O'Brien, Remo Freuler, Orel Mangala, Morgan Gibbs-White and Cheikhou Kouyate. Newcastle, meanwhile, have been similarly free-spending, even if their funds have been invested into comparatively few new arrivals. Alexander Isak is the Magpies' marquee signing with deals for Sven Botman, Matt Targett and Nick Pope sewn up towards the beginning of the summer window. Manager Eddie Howe recently discussed Newcastle's club-record £63m move for Isak which, by his own admission, may not represent good value for money. "It's very difficult because of the way transfer fees are, it's an incredible market," he said. "I could never sit and say I think it's value for money, just with the price. But when you look at the market I think it's a good deal for us otherwise I wouldn't have pushed hard to try and do it. "Transfer prices are out of any type of realism from when I was playing but you just have to adapt to the times. If you don't adapt to the times and go with it then you don't improve. You can spend double that money and not guarantee success. It is not about money, it is about how we unite the club now."