With a net worth of $100million (£81.89million) according to Celebrity Net Worth.com, it’s hardly surprising that the English actress has lived in some phenomenal homes. Dame Helen has received a plethora of accolades during her illustrious career. The 77-year-old is currently the only performer to have achieved the Triple Crown of Acting in both the USA and the UK. She received an Academy Award and a British Academy Film Award for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth II in The Queen. She is also known for her role as DCI Jane Tennison in Prime Suspect. The actor has also appeared in Gosford Park (2001), The Last Station (2009), Red (2010) and Calendar Girls (2003). So what do Dame Helen’s homes look like? Express.co.uk finds out. READ MORE: Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ Dame Helen owns a 19th century four-storey townhouse near the River Thames in London. The property is reportedly located in Wapping, East London. Properties sell for an average price of £746,210 in Wapping, London, according to Rightmove. Dame Helen moved into the property with her husband American director Taylor Hackford when the COVID-19 pandemic hit.  DON'T MISSThe quiet town where Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes call home [INSIGHT]‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings flat ‘back to life’ for £7k [ANALYSIS] The actress said in February 2021 it was the first time in their 30 years together they they sat down at the table each night and had dinner together. She told The Independent: Normally we’re getting on planes, going here, there. So, it’s been fabulous just to be a normal person.” The property is based in the Sierra Nevada mountain range which means the actress is surrounded by nature and animals. In one video from her Instagram, Dame Helen filmed a black bear standing at the bottom of a ramp leading up to her home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Several photos from the actor show that the house has views of a lake. Dame Helen and her husband also have a holiday home near Tiggiano in Puglia, Italy. The property is a 16th-century farmhouse that’s surrounded by olive trees, gardens and a vineyard. The couple spent nearly $350,000 (£286,600) renovating the building. Last year, Dame Helen listed her Hollywood home for sale for $18.5million (£15.15million) or $45,000 (£36,850) per calendar month.  The property was built in 1911 and is located among six acres of land. The building is 10,200-square-foot and includes a guest house, nine bedrooms and 11 bathrooms. The home also has a huge pool, city views, large rooms, French doors, hardwood doors and large fireplaces. Some of the actor’s neighbours would have included Leonardo DiCaprio, Keanu Reeves and Halle Berry.