Last week, season seven of Shetland made its return, and BBC fans were thrilled to see the return of Jimmy Perez (played by Douglas Henshall) and his sidekick Alison "Tosh" McIntosh (Alison O'Donnell). The first instalment saw Jimmy being let off the hook after Donna Killick (Fiona Bell) accused the detective of being involved in her death. However, poor Duncan (Mark Bonnar) wasn't so lucky as he continues to serve his prison sentence. Jimmy is hellbent on clearing his pal's name, although, meanwhile he still has to carry out his police duties on the island. New mum Tosh and Jimmy are faced with a new case after missing teenager Connor (Nick Nunn) went missing. Connor's mum Rachel Cairns (Shauna Macdonald) and her husband Danny (Andrew Whipp) called the police when their son didn't return home from his book launch. However, as time goes on, they believe something sinister could have happened to Connor. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers The second instalment hit screens on Wednesday, and Rachel put the pressure on Jimmy after she made the grim discovery. However, the detective was quick to reassure the worried mother, insisting it might not have anything to do with her son's disappearance. Meanwhile, Danny had his own trouble to deal with when he discovered Pepper Waldron's family returned home to Ayrshire. Although, Jimmy was forced to chase him after discovering the ex-cop tried to flee Scotland. The episode wrapped up with Jimmy having dinner with his love interest, and while things seem to be looking up for the detective, fans think he could meet a sinister ending. As for Connor, Jimmy and Tosh, they were none the wiser, yet they are getting closer to getting an answer after his girlfriend's body was found in the boot of a car. Some fans took to social media to share their predictions about who could replace Jimmy, while others came up with the idea that the poor detective might die. Debbie Blackman tweeted: "I wonder if they will continue the @AnnCleeves story by Jimmy's replacement being a cousin called James Perez #Shetland." Beth replied: "Like in Midsomer Murders? I wondered that myself..." Debbie went on to add: "Do you think Jimmy will die? I'm very nervous." DON'T MISS...Marriage’s Nicola Walker and Sean Bean discover 20-year connection [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen exposes resident as real killer [SPOILERS]Bargain Hunt star to makes thousands on 'rare' royal whisky bottle [VIDEO] "I hadn’t really considered him dying," Jess responded. "I thought he’d decide to move closer to Cassie or move away with the new girlfriend, but now you’ve said it, that would be awful!" Al penned: "I said last week that I hoped series 8 would put Tosh and Sandy in the limelight rather than bring in anyone new. Loving their dynamic this week!" While Katie G added: "I think Billy must be in line for the lead next series. He has been really busy this episode #Shetland." However, user @DorsetGirl1 disagreed, as they believe BBC bosses will bring in a bigger name. "Would be nice, but I think they'll bring in a bigger name, to replace the audience that will leave with @djhenshall #Shetland," the fan commented. Jess was also hoping Tosh would step up, as she said: "I so wish Tosh would take over next series, she’s such a boss and she more than deserves it. "Sadly I suspect someone new will come in though." (sic) Shetland returns on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC One.