Arsenal defender Gabriel Magalhaes has hailed William Saliba as "the best". Gabriel formed a successful partnership at the back with Ben White last season but it appears he already loves playing alongside Saliba. Mikel Arteta handed a long-awaited debut to the Frenchman on the opening day of the season against Crystal Palace. He put in a player of the match display in a 2-0 win for the Gunners. After three loan spells away from the club, Saliba looks set to finally make his mark at the Emirates. But that could spell bad news for £50million man White. The England international played at right-back against Palace but Takehiro Tomiyasu is nearing a return to fitness. If Gabriel's comments are anything to go by, White may have a difficult task keeping a spot in the side. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest  Gabriel told the Evening Standard: “For me, he’s the best! He’s very young, very promising and a very good player. "I am so happy to play with him, together. He has now started in the Premier League and he was so good. “The team did very well. They showed intensity and everyone stayed together. It’s very difficult to play here, but our keeper was strong. I believe in this team and it was very good. We got a clean sheet and three very good points.” Arsenal boss Arteta was impressed with the maturity of Saliba's performance at Selhurst Park. He said: “You don’t really see that. At 21 years old, debut in the Premier League, against this opponent, against physical players - and resolve that situation the way he has done it. DON'T MISSArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' madeMan Utd 'agree Rabiot fee' but Juventus star's mum is a stumbling blockArsenal handed perfect Pedro Neto incentive after 'unsuccessful £13.2m bid'  “With that composure, with that calmness and with that presence. So big credit to the boy. I wanted to let him be and let him play, that’s the way we have tried to develop that player. “To sign him at 18 years old and bring him back two years later is something unusual and he has been so determined and willing to come here and now proved the point that he is ready. Now we are exposing the player in a really difficult environment where he can navigate and enjoy it and be comfortable.” Meanwhile, Manchester United legend Gary Neville compared Saliba to one of his former team-mates. He said on Sky Sports: "I think the most important thing for young players is just to play. He's got football inside him, I was massively impressed by him. "He reminded me of a young Rio Ferdinand. Crystal Palace away is a tough away game in the Premier League. They come at you. That's a big night for him." 