Rupert Murdoch, 91, and former supermodel Jerry Hall, 66, have finalised their divorce after they tied the knot in 2016. It came after the media mogul ended the relationship via text. The news of their split was made public in June, after Jerry filed for divorce that month, and it was claimed weeks later that Rupert sent a text message to her to express he no longer wanted to be in the marriage. He reportedly sent the text, according to the Daily Mail, while Jerry was waiting for him to arrive in the UK. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Rupert and Jerry for comment. Lawyers for both parties announced in a joint statement that divorce proceedings were complete. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Robert S. Cohen, as the lawyer representing Rupert, stood alongside Judy Poller, who was representing Jerry, and said: “Jerry Hall and Rupert Murdoch have finalised their divorce. “They remain good friends and wish each other the best for the future.” Jerry told the Superior Court of California that “irreconcilable differences" had led to the downfall of her marriage to Rupert. She had requested spousal support as well as for Rupert, who has a net worth of £14.4 billion, to pay her legal fees. It is not yet known if the couple have reached a private divorce settlement. The pair first went public with their romance in 2015, following the Rugby World Cup, with their engagement being announced a mere two months later through Rupert’s own newspaper, The Times. They eventually married in a civil ceremony in 2016, before doing a full service the following day in London. While Rupert had been married a total of four times, this is Jerry’s first marriage. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne clutches Ozzy’s hand after Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Zoe Ball breaks down in tears on air over Olivia Newton-John's death [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp 're-signs seven-figure deal' with Dior Sauvage [HOLLYWOOD] The model and actress was in a 22-year relationship with Mick, however, they never made their commitment official, despite saying vows in a wedding-like ceremony. Rupert was married to Wendy Deng, after Anna Murdoch Mann and Patricia Booker. Before Rupert, Jerry was previously in a relationship with Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger. After she filed for divorce, Jerry was allegedly told she should only speak to Rupert through lawyers.