Princess Charlotte sat inbetween her parents, Kate and William during a meeting at SportsAid House. They met with powerlifters Tom Smith and Lottie McGuinness, both 21, in a mentoring session led by Sarah Winckless and Danielle Brown MBE. But in a shared video on Twitter, it was Charlotte's mannerisms that caught the eye of royal fans. She held her hands together and took on the same pose as Prince William. Twitter user Judith Ince wrote: "Princess Charlotte holding her hands just like her Papa." While Mairetta added: "I noticed it." Michele Scott wrote: "How sweet, she is sitting like her Papa. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William urged to 'give up favourite perk'  Ellis also pointed out: "How attentive she seems. Most children that age would be looking around the room, looking at their hands in their lap, looking at anything else. "She'll be a superb Princess Royal!" It comes after Kate and William sat with a grinning Princess Charlotte as they began their day at the Commonwealth Games by watching the swimming. William and Kate arrived on Tuesday shortly after the Earl and Countess of Wessex and their children, Lady Louise and James. Before the duke and duchess's arrival, Edward, who is vice patron of the Commonwealth Games, shared a joke with former prime minister Theresa May as he entered Sandwell Aquatics Centre during the men's 1,500m freestyle heats. The duke and duchess arrived shortly after with Princess Charlotte and sat in front of the Wessex family. Kate, dressed in a white blazer and trousers, embraced Edward, Sophie and their children before taking her seat next to Charlotte. DON'T MISS GB News backlash as Levin claims Harry married Meg to be 'like Diana' [VIDEO]Prince Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles [INSIGHT]Meghan 'used wedding to build career' says Bower [ANALYSIS] The duchess was pointing and explaining things to her daughter, while William held one of the official programmes. The royals were cheering and applauding alongside the crowd for England 1,500m freestyle hopeful Luke Turley. After rolling her eyes following a comment from her father, Charlotte then cracked a smile as Turley's heat came to a close.