Chloe Kelly scored the game-winning goal against Germany yesterday, clinching a 2-1 victory for England in extra time. Her 110th-minute goal followed a stunning opener from Ella Toone and world-class performances from the rest of the team. The rest of the country will celebrate the landmark victory with them in a homecoming tour that begins today. The Lionesses will celebrate yesterday's win with a victory parade today. In a matter of hours, officials have arranged for Trafalgar Square to become a fan hub hosting up to 7,000 people. The Lionesses and their trophy will appear in the early afternoon as millions of others watch on. READ MORE: Pizza chain Domino's renames a store to honour ex-employee Lucy Bronze The event, hosted by the Greater London Authority, Westminster City Council and Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, has been scheduled from 11am. Fans can arrive for free on a "first-come-first-served" basis to live music from DJ Monki. TV screens positioned around the square will display England's final triumphant moments from the UEFA final before the team appears in person. People can expect Sarina Wiegman and the Lionesses to arrive from 12.40pm onwards with the trophy. The team will grace the stage with a trophy lift before hosting a Q&A session in front of thousands of fans. Those unable to make the event in person can watch live, with BBC One and BBC iPlayer hosting coverage from 12.40pm. Lioness legend turned BBC Sports presenter Alex Scott MBE will host the coverage, due to end by 2pm. If you can't make it to Trafalagr Square in time for the fan celebrations today, don't fear as you won't have to miss out on all the action. The full parade and celebration will be shown live on the BBC from 12.40pm to 2pm. Alex Scott will host the coverage for the BBC. Organisers expect fans to bring the energy they cultivated during the July 31 final to today's celebrations. Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, said the atmosphere shared across the country was a "fantastic advert for women's football". He added that people bought "nearly 600,000" tickets to watch the match, while more than 9 million people tuned in elsewhere. Mr Khan said: "The Women’s EURO 2022 will have inspired a new generation of women footballers and I hope this paves the way for better access to football for girls in school, more investment in grassroots girls and women’s football and much more support for girls and women in all sports. "I would like to thank Sarina Wiegman and the Lionesses for treating us to an amazing summer of football." "I can't wait to see them lift the trophy again as they celebrate with the fans on Trafalgar Square on Monday." While the capital city will host the football team today, their victory rippled across the country on Sunday. More than 2,000 people watched the victory from Manchester's fan zone, while streets emptied in town centres elsewhere as people flocked to watch the match end. With 87,192 people in attendance at Wembley, crowds set a new record for any Euro final as they exceeded the 79,115 present at Real Madrid's Bernabéu Stadium for the men's Spain v Soviet Union clash of 1964.