Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has backed Marcus Rashford to “shut everybody up” this season under new boss Erik ten Hag. The England forward struggled last season and made just 13 Premier League starts due to injury and form, but has been tipped by Ferdinand to bounce back and perform after a strong pre-season. Rashford has scored twice in friendlies last month and recorded an assist, as he impressed on the left-hand side of a forward trio alongside Jadon Sancho and Anthony Martial. Ferdinand, speaking on his Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE lie detector show, has backed Rashford to continue this good form into the new season. "Marcus, shut these people us please," Ferdinand said. "Shut everyone up, I don’t want to hear no chat from these people, I want you to come back, you’ve had a pre-season, you’ve got no injuries now, blast up the Premier League, please, I don’t want to hear no chat. "That lie detector just told you I’m telling the truth. Marcus, yeah, last season his body language was the thing that was affecting me, he didn’t look happy, I seen him last year, I spoke to him about it, even if you’re not happy sometimes you’ve got to go out there and act that’s what players do. JUST IN: Man City could get Chelsea revenge as 'transfer fee discussed' for Thomas Tuchel target "Sometimes I wasn’t happy with something behind the scenes maybe but you wouldn’t know that the way I played, forget performance, my body language would never be able for people to go ‘you know what, he looks like he ain’t happy or something’s going on behind the scenes there’. "Marcus, for whatever reason it crept into his performance and his demeanour last season. This season, he’s going to be happier, he’s had a pre-season, no injuries and there’s a manager here from what I’m seeing him talk about that he says you know what I’m believing him and what he’s saying. If them three things play out this season, Marcus Rashford will come good this season." DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Last season Rashford scored just four league goals, his lowest tally since breaking into the United first team in 2016. He has revealed that having a break over the summer has helped rejuvenate the 24-year-old ahead of what could be a big season for him. "For me personally, it's priceless to have the pre-season that I've had," Rashford told Sky Sports. "Sometimes I don't really take as much note of it because usually we're playing games in the summer and stuff like that, so the next season sort of just rolls onto the previous season. "But this year I've had time to break, rest, recover mentally and physically, and then I've had a proper pre-season. I feel really happy. I'm pleased that I managed to do that."