Daniel Ricciardo has been shown support by an unlikely source as music icon Harry Styles was pictured donning a t-shirt with the F1 star’s name on the back of it. The Australian is currently fighting to keep his seat with McLaren, with reports suggesting he could be replaced by his compatriot Oscar Piastri next year. Ricciardo is one of the most experienced drivers in F1, having raced for HRT, Toro Rosso and Red Bull before his move to McLaren last year. The 33-year-old replaced Carlos Sainz at the Woking-based team and has a contract that runs to the end of the 2023 season. But McLaren are said to be looking to end the deal early. And Styles appears to have thrown his weight behind the Ricciardo cause after a picture apparently showing him wearing the t-shirt was posted to Twitter. The t-shirt, which features bright orange writing above an F1 car, reportedly went on sale during last October’s United States Grand Prix in Austin. Ricciardo has been outshone by his team-mate Lando Norris since moving to McLaren and finished 45 points behind the Briton in eighth place last season. This time around, Ricciardo already trails Norris by 57 points and is five places behind him in 12th position. READ MORE: Toto Wolff offers intriguing Lewis Hamilton retirement update   Last month, Ricciardo took to Twitter to avow that he would not be turning his back on F1. “I'm committed to McLaren until the end of next year and am not walking away from the sport,” he wrote. “Appreciate it hasn't always been easy, but who wants easy?! “I'm working my a** off with the team to make improvements and get the car right and back to the front where it belongs. I still want this more than ever.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell face long-term back damage [INSIGHT]Hamilton backup blasted a 'f***ing idiot' as F1 teams told to snub him [ANALYSIS]Wolff called out as 'too powerful' as Hamilton's boss under fire [COMMENT]   Ricciardo has reportedly told McLaren that he wants a fee of more than £12million if his contract is terminated early. And at least four rival teams are believed to have already contacted the star to get an indication of his next move. The veteran, who has a staggering 223 F1 races under his belt, will return to the track at the end of this month at the Belgium Grand Prix. But former F1 star Ralf Schumacher doesn’t think he’ll get another drive if he does leave his current employers. “And then there is the question of Daniel Ricciardo,” Schumacher told the Sky Germany website. “Personally, I can’t imagine him getting another chance in Formula 1. But I wouldn’t know who Alpine should take at the moment.” 