Dominic Raab, who is backing Rishi Sunak to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister and Tory Party leader, claimed prioritising tax cuts would damage the living standards of millions of penny-pinching Brits and force the Conservative Party into the opposition at the next general election. The Esher & Walton MP instead pushed for a "pragmatic" plan to help alleviate the economic pressures. Writing in the Times, Mr Raab said: "If we go to the country in September with an emergency budget that fails to measure up to the task, voters will not forgive us. "Such a failure will read unmistakenly to the public like an electoral suicide note and see our great party cast into the impotent oblivion of opposition." He added: “All the evidence tells us that, with inflation running high and energy bills the highest for decades, the winter will be extremely difficult. "Those pressures are well beyond the living memory of millions of voters, and will directly affect millions more.” JUST IN: Newsnight: Ex-Thatcher ally slams Bank of England over interest hikes - 'Hit the poorest!' Ms Truss, who currently leads in the opinion polls among Tory Party members, previously claimed her priority is reducing the tax burden for Britons. She also claimed there would not be "handouts" if she beat Mr Sunak in the race to Number 10. The South West Norfolk MP has announced £30billion worth of tax cuts and has vowed to do so "from day one". Ms Truss is also poised to reverse Mr Sunak's National Insurance increase, which was introduced to tackle NHS backlogs and fund social care. READ MORE: GB News guests lock horns over Commons partygate probe into Boris Johnson - 'Witch hunt!' Mr Raab's intervention comes after Labour's last Prime Minister Gordon Brown called on the two Tory leadership hopefuls to meet with Boris Johnson to get a grip on the cost of living crisis or recall Parliament. Mr Brown, who resided in Number 10 from 2007 to 2010, told Sky News: "I want the two leadership candidates and Boris Johnson to get together. "If they won’t I think parliament should be recalled, and there should be emergency meetings with Cobra." However, Mr Johnson has no plans to introduce big tax cuts or amend spending measures before he leaves Number 10, Downing Street has said. DON'T MISS:Boris is on holiday while the economy crashes - but RISHI is to blame [ANALYSIS]Direct payments' as only solution to tackle current energy crisis  [REPORT]Tories has played us for mugs, we wanted Boris not these 2nd-raters [INSIGHT] Mr Sunak and Ms Truss will meet Tory activists at another leadership hustings later today at a hustings event in Darlington. The race to replace Mr Johnson as Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister is set to conclude on September 5 after around 160,000 Tory members decide who will have the keys to Number 10.