Celebrity MasterChef saw a new team of famous faces taking on the kitchen challenges for judges Gregg Wallace and John Torode. In Tuesday's episode of the BBC competition, drag queen Kitty was given some brutal feedback for her fish taco because it was undercooked, and Gregg refused to finish the dish. The contestants were tasked with working out what was in the tacos they had tasted for their second challenge, before going on to recreate it themselves. "Now what we'd like to do is we'd like to test your palate," John explained. "We call this the Street Food Challenge, and on the bench in front of you, there is a dish. "It's eaten on the streets but also in restaurants all around the world. READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry "But originally it came from Mexico - we would like you to taste that dish and tell us what you think went into making it." Later, the celebrities were provided with a handful of ingredients to pick from. "Everything you need to make the dish is on those trays, but beware there are some ingredients which did not go into the dish," Gregg warned the contestants. Later, the celebrities apprehensively had to bring their dishes up for the judges to sample. "Oh my God, I'm so nervous!" Kitty stated when it was her turn as the two chefs tasted her tacos. "Great flavours, you've got plenty of seasoning there and the chilli, but I'm sorry to say some of this fish isn't cooked," Gregg revealed. Kitty gasped as he continued: "You've got bits here that are still translucent - you can see through them!" Gregg left the fish to the side of the plate, not wanting to eat the remainder of the uncooked food. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Naomi tears family apart with pregnancy scandal [THEORY]Strictly newcomer issues challenge to rivals after overseas success [VIDEO]Tom Jones says Elvis 'would have loved' new biopic film [LATEST] "I was fortunate because I got a piece of fish which was cooked all the way through," John added. However, some of his dish was still undercooked. He went on: "But these tortillas aren't cooked enough and they're too thick. "But I really like the flavours you've got, I really do and I think it's done really nicely." "I really ballsed that fish up, didn't I? Like, it wasn't cooked in the middle!" Kitty reflected afterwards. She continued: "In a word... pretty rough!" However, by the end of the episode, she had redeemed herself. John and Gregg announced Kitty was among the celebrities to have made it through to the next round. "I'm thrilled!" she announced. "I can't believe it, oh my God, bring on week two!" Sadly, not everyone could continue to the next round, and actor and campaigner Adam Pearson had to leave. "Thank you for the opportunity guys, I love you all," he stated as he waved goodbye and left the kitchen. MasterChef continues on Thursday at 8pm on BBC One.