Armed police descended on a main road into Liverpool in the early hours of this morning (August 15). Officers have set up a cordon in Seymour Street from the bottom of London Road to Lord Nelson Street. The road is one of the main routes into Liverpool city centre and Liverpool Lime Street train station.    Liverpool Echo reports police have been at the scene since around 1am this morning. Merseyside Police said in a statement: "At around 12.35am it was reported that a 25-year-old man was found on Seymour Street with stab wounds to his body and a fractured jaw." A woman from the neighbourhood, who did not want to be named, told Liverpool Echo: "I’ve never seen so many police in my life." The resident reportedly saw a man lying on the ground injured before paramedics arrived in the early hours of this morning.   Forensics officers have been combing the streets and an area of trees inside the cordon, according to Liverpool Echo. Merseyside Police said the victim was taken to hospital where he is in a stable condition. His injuries are not life threatening, according to the force. In its statement, Merseyside Police said officers carried out a stop and search on a 35-year-old man at the junction of Seymour Street and London Road. He was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 assault.After enquiries, officers arrested a 48-year-old man on suspicion of attempted murder and possession with intent to supply a Class A drug. Both men are still in police custody for questioning.  READ MORE ABOUT A HUNT FOR BRITISH ARMY ATTACKERS  The cordon is in place in the area surrounding the incident while officers carry out forensic examinations, CCTV and witness enquiries, Merseyside Police said. The force has urged drivers to avoid the area and find an alternative route.Detective Inspector Neil Dillon said: "We are in the very early stages of an investigation after a man was found with stab wounds on Seymour Street in the early hours of this morning."Although two arrests have been made our enquiries continue and we’d still urge anyone who witnessed the incident [or] saw any suspicious behaviour to please contact us. Either tell us directly or anonymously through Crimestoppers."  DON'T MISS: Grant Shapps calls for £2 bus fare cap [REPORT] Armed police rush to South London as people warned 'stay inside' [LATEST] Election POLL: Should Liz Truss call an early snap general election? [POLL] Detective Inspector Dillon said: "The use of knives is reckless and will not be tolerated and can have devastating consequences."Anyone with information about the incident, should message Merseyside Police on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police Contact Centre quoting incident 22000597042.You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.