Officers at South Wales Police are investigating a report of malicious communications after a post appeared on Plaid Cymru councillor Jon Scriven's Facebook page. The now deleted post appeared to show Mr Scriven holding a gun on a beach with the message: "Ogmore-by-Sea tonight for a quick swim and make sure there wasn't (sic) any English people trying to cross the channel." Ogmore-by-Sea is a seaside village in the Vale of Glamorgan, lying on the Bristol Channel. The post on Mr Scriven's Facebook page was dated August 8 and was shared online on Monday (August 22). Mr Scriven, who represents Penyrheol at Caerphilly County Borough Council, has been approached for comment. He wrote on his Facebook page: "I would like to apologise for any offence caused by my now deleted Facebook post.  "It was ill-judged and I have apologised to the group leader Lindsay Whittle who has accepted my apology." The post was made public by Caerphilly's Labour Senedd Member, Hefin David, who commented that it was "not appropriate". Andrew RT Davies, Leader of the Welsh Conservative Group in the Senedd, tweeted the post, commenting: "Speechless. This is a [Plaid Cymru] councillor. "[Plaid Cymru leader] Adam Price cannot let another scandal rage on without decisive action.  READ MORE ABOUT A BRUTE WHO STARVED A DOG TO DEATH "This sort of xenophobic attitude is beneath us." A Plaid Cymru spokesperson said: "Councillor Scriven’s now deleted post was inappropriate and goes against Plaid Cymru’s views and values. "He was right to apologise for any offence caused. All Plaid Cymru elected representatives have a duty to uphold the highest standards." He added Mr Scriven has been suspended pending an investigation. A South Wales Police spokesperson said the force is aware of a post on social media featuring a man brandishing what looks like a rifle at Ogmore-by-Sea.  DON'T MISS: Girl, 9, killed in Liverpool shooting named by Merseyside Police [REPORT] UK sees record number of Channel migrant crossings in single day [REVEALED] Uber driver nearly died when car smashed onto railway track [LATEST] Superintendent Michelle Conquer said: "An allegation of malicious communications has been reported to us and we are investigating the matter." Wales Online reported that before Mr Scriven's suspension was announced, The Welsh Liberal Democrats urged Plaid Cymru to suspend the councillor. A spokesperson told the publication there was "a clear implication of violence and xenophobia in this post". They said: "Whether or not it was intended as a joke or not, it is entirely inappropriate for an elected official to make such comments, when they should know better.  "With so much hate in politics the last few years, we should be trying to build bridges, not stoke division further. "Plaid Cymru must now do the right thing and suspend the councillor in question." Shadow Minister for Transport and Technology, Natasha Asghar MS, described the post as repugnant. She told Wales Online: "Not only is this post xenophobic, but the implication of violence is completely repugnant and warrants a full and proper investigation.  "Understandably, many people have taken offence to the post and while I am pleased to hear it has been deleted, the fact it was posted in the first place is deeply troubling. "It is imperative both Caerphilly Council and Plaid Cymru look into this serious matter without dither and delay." 