Richard Kay, a columnist for the Daily Mail, said that while Prince William and Prince Harry were “thrust from a very early age into the centre stage” by Prince Charles and Diana, the Cambridge’s have taken a different approach with Prince George and their other two children. Mr Kay said that Kate and William were keen to give their children “some semblance of a normal childhood” before the inevitable spotlight focuses on them in their later lives.    Mr Kay said: “I think William has curated George’s appearance in a completely different way to the way his mother and father curated his. “I mean, William and Harry, and particularly William, were thrust from a very early age into the centre stage. “William has taken a different view. He wants to protect them from the spotlight for as long as possible and give them some semblance of a normal childhood. “But, inevitably, as he gets older, we are going to see more of him in a jacket and tie, at Wimbledon, as we did, and at Platinum Jubilee type celebrations.”    Prince George, 9, and his father are rumoured to share a close bond as the second and third in line to the throne. The young prince is said to refer to his father as ‘Pops’, something which he has elected to do from at least the age of five. And it has been reported that while Prince George has been protected from the limelight during his younger years, Prince William has already begun teaching his son about royal life and preparing him for his future as king. Prince George has also allegedly shown a keen interest in his father’s charity work, endeavouring to sell cakes during the pandemic in aid of the charity Tusk, which works to protect endangered species in Africa, a cause his father has long supported. READ MORE: Kate grappling with 'danger' to exposing George, Charlotte and Louis [REVEAL]   Prince George and his two siblings, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, made infrequent public visits prior to the Platinum Jubilee but were more present during the celebrations in June. They were all on the balcony for the opening Trooping the Colour ceremony on the first day of the four-day celebrations. And they were later seen waving to the thousands of people gathered at Buckingham Palace from a carriage as they drove away. Multiple videos and pictures emerged throughout the extended weekend of the three children, including Princess Charlotte directing an orchestra in Cardiff. DON'T MISS: 7 times George, Charlotte and Louis matched in adorable outfits [REVEAL] Princess Charlotte faces 'rotten fate' as royal's 'privilege' laid bar [REPORT] George, Charlotte and Louis were named after one important royal [INSIGHT]  The Cambridges’ have been in residence at Kensington Palace since 2017 having moved from the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk in 2017, but to ensure further isolation from the public for their children, William and Kate have reportedly decided to move to Windsor. It is believed the family will move during this summer break to Adelaide Cottage on the monarch’s expansive estate. All three children are expected to start school together in September, away from the attention and paparazzi of London. Reports have also suggested that proximity to the Queen was a key draw for the family, who wanted to spend as much time with the monarch during the twilight of her reign. READ NEXT: Prince George's 'comfortable' outings tailored by William and KatePrince George facing nightmare at ‘respectable’ new schoolKate and William spent holidays in 'car-free island owned by Charles'Princess Charlotte and Prince George face major change in routinePrince Louis may follow in George & Charlotte's footsteps at school  