Throughout the past two weeks, BBC bosses have slowly been confirming which celebrities will be taking part in this year's Strictly Come Dancing. So far, they have announced the likes of Matt Goss, Will Mellor and former Coronation Street star Kym Marsh. However, the 14th star to take part in the dance competition is EastEnders actor James Bye. Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Arnold made the announcement from Albert Square. Speaking to Adil Ray and Charlotte Hawkins via video link, the ITV host welcomed James to chat about his upcoming stint on Strictly. Despite admitting to not getting his head around it, the actor said he was excited to be taking part. "It was quite early days," the actor said when asked when Strictly booked him for the show. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe "I've known for a long time, which has obviously been really hard to keep that secret. "So, I'm so pleased that now it's finally out...I can talk about it, I can tell people that I've lied to... so apologies if you're one of those that I've lied to. "But yeah, it's been a while so I've had quite a lot of time to get my head around it." James went on to admit that he was feeling a bit "nervous" about taking part, as he added: "It's really happening now." Speaking about how supportive his partner is, the Martin Fowler star told the host: "She is supportive of everything I do. "We talked it all through and it's a decision we made together and I think she can be part of the team. "I think she can teach me more than the dancers, to be honest, she knows what she's doing." Richard pointed out that a lot of James' co-stars have already taken part in Strictly, as last year, Rose Ayling-Ellis took home the Glitterball trophy. DON'S MISS...Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  [VIDEO]Fleur East breaks down in tears as she addresses father's death [REACTION]Tony Blackburn speaks out as BBC blasted for ageism [INSIGHT] His pals Jake Wood and Scott Maslen have also taken part in the BBC series. When asked about what advice or warnings Scott has given him, James explained: "He's been really helpful. "He's giving me a few key pointers for when it gets hard and when it really kicks in. "He said a lot of eating and keeping relaxed when you can and enjoy it is the main thing." Countryfile presenter Hamza Yassin was also the latest celebrity to sign up for the show. He was revealed on BBC Radio Scotland’s The Afternoon Show on Thursday. “I am absolutely over the moon to be joining Strictly 2022," he beamed. "Never in a million years did I think I’d be on such a cool show. I’ve been watching it for years and I can’t believe I’ll actually be there dancing live in front of the British public." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 