Prince William, Kate Middleton and their three children are set to move to Windsor next month, ahead of the start of the new school term. It was announced this week that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will all attend nearby Lambrook School in Berkshire. Speaking on GB News, royal commentator Jennie Bond applauded the couple for being "more relatable" and for their choice of school, one which has an "ethos that they very much like". Ms Bond told GB News that they are "much more relatable, aren't they". She added: "[It's] the way that William has been bought up, and, I think, Catherine has made that clearer aswell. "They are quite popular with young people." She added that the Lambrook School is "expensive", and noted it is a "private school". READ MORE: Camilla's 'brag' about ancestor's royal affair as a child: 'Wanted to follow in footsteps' Ms Bond, who worked for 14 years as the BBC's royal correspondent, said: "It is one that has the ethos that they very much like. "It is very sporting, it's very outdoorsy, it has a croquet lawn, it has a cricket pitch obviously." She added: "But it also an an ethos which states that with great privilege comes great responsibility. "The children there are encouraged to give back to people who are not so privileged, for example on their annual trip, which has recently been to Sweden. READ MORE: 'They just want the best for their children' Kate and William's extra home defended "They had to raise £500 per pupil if they were to go on the trip, to give to someone who was less privileged and who could have the same holiday." She concluded that it is an "ethos" that "chimes very much" with how the couple want to raise their children. This is the first time that all three children will be attending the same school. DON’T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] The couple will be moving to Adelaide Cottage. The four-bedroom home is situated on the 4,800-acre Windsor Great Park, which is privately managed by the Crown Estate. READ NEXT: