A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their return this morning, stating the pair will be visiting charities and associations close to their hearts. But the announcement has been met with criticism by some, as royal author and commentator Angela Levin laid into the pair on Twitter.  She wrote: "Harry and Meghan coming to UK for 'charities close to their hearts.' Will the Queen be in Balmoral, and William in USA for Earthshot? Is this part of an attempt at an alternative royal family? Odd time otherwise before H's 'bombshell' memoir." The Sussexes spokesperson announced today: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." Meghan Markle and Harry are coming back to the UK for the first week of September, with the pair heading to Manchester for the One Young World summit taking place on September 5. On September 8, they will attend the WellChild Awards, the yearly event taking place to celebrate the extraordinary achievements of seriously ill children and young people.  The Duke has been the patron of this organisation since 2007 and remained in close contact with it even after moving to California in the spring of 2020. Shortly after Meghan and Harry's return to the continent was announced, One Young World - an organisation supporting young leaders across the world to which the Duchess has been linked for years - celebrated the news on Twitter. They said: "We’re delighted to announce Meghan and Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be attending the One Young World Summit in Manchester this September!" The organisation also added Meghan will play a key role during the summit's Opening Ceremony, saying: "The Duchess will be delivering a keynote address at the Opening Ceremony."  READ MORE: Kate and William downsize to modest four-bed It is not known whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be accompanied during their whirlwind trip to Europe by their two children - Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. Moreover, the spokesperson did not provide details on whether Meghan and Harry will have time to meet behind closed doors with the Queen or any other members of the Firm. The sovereign is currently staying at Balmoral, her Scottish retreat. The last time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were in the UK was for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June.  DON'T MISS:Lady Louise teaches Princess Charlotte skill during Balmoral holiday [INSIGHT]Victorian village under lake revealed for the first time since 1976 [PICTURES]Grant Shapps calls for £2 bus fare cap [COMMENT] They moved to California in March 2020 after stepping down from their roles as senior royals. While they had no interaction in public with Charles, Camilla, the Queen and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Meghan and Harry were reported to have privately met the future King, the Duchess of Cornwall and the sovereign behind closed doors. A source close to Clarence House said last month of the meeting between Harry, Meghan, their children and Prince Charles and Camilla: "It was fantastic to see them. It was wonderful to have them back in Britain. The Prince and the Duchess were absolutely thrilled to see them. "The Prince, of course, hasn’t seen his grandson Archie for a bit of time and so it was very, very, very special to have some time with him. He hadn’t met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing." 