Whoever wins the Conservative leadership contest will be asked by the Queen to form a government on September 6 - and for Ms Truss, the current favourite, we already have an idea of what this might look like. The three most senior ministerial roles - those of chancellor, home secretary and foreign secretary - appear to have been decided, with Kwasi Kwarteng, Suella Braverman and James Cleverly pipped for the top jobs. Ms Truss is reportedly seeking to have a smaller team in Downing Street in a style more reminiscent of Margaret Thatcher than the current PM, and will also give individual ministers more freedom to act on their own initiative. But in this process some will be left out in the cold. First on the chopping block will be her leadership rival Rishi Sunak, former chancellor. Mr Sunak was originally being considered for health secretary, but after a brutal leadership contest which has seen both candidates savage each other, the man who precipitated Boris Johnson’s fall will likely have to watch the consequences of his betrayal from outside the cabinet. Meanwhile Home Secretary Priti Patel’s strategy of staying neutral throughout the debate appears to have failed to garner her any favour with Ms Truss, leaving her without a cabinet job currently predicted for her. Tory heavyweight Michael Gove has already announced his retirement from frontline politics and blasted the Foreign Secretary in the process, accusing her of taking a “holiday from reality”, leaving him all but certainly unable to return. Several other high-profile ministers likely to be booted out are those which have publicly backed Mr Sunak. These include Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab, Health Secretary Steve Barclay and Transport Secretary Grant Shapps. Environment Secretary George Eustice and Leader of the House Mark Spencer also publicly backed the Chancellor and will struggle to find any footing within the new cabinet. Nigel Adams, the Minister of State without Portfolio, and Johnny Mercer, the veterans’ affairs minister, are also likely to find themselves out. Given Michael Gove announced his retirement from frontline politics himself, this makes a total of nine Cabinet ministers likely to be axed by Ms Truss. Alok Sharma is expected to leave when his role as president of Cop26 expires, and Greg Clark, interim Levelling Up Secretary, does not expect to continue. Last night, a Truss campaign source told the Telegraph: “Liz is fighting to the end, she is not complacent, taking nothing for granted, her focus is squarely on the campaign. But we are turning half an eye to government and there is a small group working on the transition. “While Liz will exercise a lot of grip at the top, she will give the Cabinet the freedom to run their own departments... She wants to challenge stale groupthink.” Rising star Kemi Badenoch also likely has her slot guaranteed, having impressed Ms Truss during the early stages of the contest to be leader and sharing her views on transgender people. More moderate Tom Tugendhat will also be in good stead for a Cabinet position, having thrown his support behind Ms Truss after he was knocked out of the race. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss will judge Macron on his deeds [REVEAL]'You've done b***** all!' Woman storms Steve Barclay interview [INSIGHT]Macron slaps Britons abroad in France with eye-watering new tax [ANALYSIS] His “One Nation” Tory ideology will also allow Ms Truss to promote the sense that she is avoiding a presidential-style leadership and allowing for alternate opinions in Cabinet. Suella Braverman, the current Attorney General, is tipped for Home Secretary, having also given her support to Ms Truss when she was eliminated in the second round of the leadership race. Highly popular among Conservative party members, Ben Wallace is expected to remain in his role as defence secretary if Ms Truss takes over. Mr Wallace has worked closely with Ms Truss over the course of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Another former competitor in the Conservative leadership race who is likely to nab a top spot is Penny Mordaunt, currently junior trade minister. She is reportedly being considered for a more senior position within the Ministry of Defence, having previously served as the first female defence secretary in Theresa May’s Government - a role she held for just three months before Mr Johnson demoted her. Other key roles within Ms Truss’ potential future cabinet include: Former Brexit negotiator Lord FrostEndorsed Ms Truss early in the race and is now being lined up for the role of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. Chancellor Nadhim ZahawiLikely to take a demotion in the transition process, and is being considered for health or education secretary. Former Conservative leader Sir Iain Duncan SmithTipped to take on a non-departmental role in Cabinet such as Leader of the House of Commons. Work and Pensions Secretary Therese CoffeyExpected to be offered the role of chief whip. Culture Secretary Nadine DorriesAppears set to remain in her current role, although reportedly has been eyeing up a peerage. If this were to happen and she moved to the House of Lords, Penny Mordaunt would seek to replace her. Former Northern Ireland secretary Brandon LewisAfter resigning last month Mr Lewis has been a vocal backer of Ms Truss, and could be seen in Mr Raab’s position of Justice Secretary. Former Health Secretary Sajid JavidAfter resigning in tandem with Mr Sunak last month, Mr Javid then threw his support behind rival Ms Truss, and there are rumours he may be rewarded with the job of Northern Ireland Secretary. 