Despite the RAC predicting the cost of fuel to fall down, it still remains high. The latest Fuel Watch indicates that motorists across the UK will have to pay 171.41p per litre of unleaded and 182.70p per litre of diesel. With that in mind, experts at A-Plan Insurance have urged drivers to avoid the most “common” fuel-draining mistakes that could cost hundreds of pounds. These are: The exact speed motorists drive at could help to boost fuel efficiency, with some speeds lending themselves to excess waste. A spokesperson for A-Plan Insurance explained: "The RAC says driving at 45 – 50mph is the most efficient speed for fuel consumption, not the ‘56mph myth’ many have been adhering to." READ MORE: Urgent warning issued to diesel car drivers in the UK amid law change A report by the Department for Transport found that driving at 70mph uses up to nine percent more fuel than at 60mph and up to 15 percent more than at 50mph. Driving at 80mph can use up to 25 percent more than at 70mph. The spokesperson added: "Use cruise control for motorway driving if you have it." Over-revving the engine can end up wasting valuable fuel. The experts said: "Change up and down multiple gears at a time and change to the highest suitable gear as soon as you can to avoid over-revving." The AA advises against coasting, where drivers engage neutral or drive with the clutch held down, deeming it unsafe and unlikely to save any fuel. DON'T MISS Sales of new petrol and diesel motorbikes could be banned by 2035 [REVEAL] Drivers urged to use simple button to boost fuel economy by 7% [ADVICE] Petrol and diesel drivers warned of new Clean Air Zones set to launch [WARNING] Developing a smooth driving technique is a great way to save on fuel. The experts said: "If you’re approaching traffic lights, for example, slow down early so that they may have changed by the time you reach them, meaning you might not need to stop at all." Focus is key to perfecting any driving technique. Motorists should try to anticipate what will happen in front of them and ease off the throttle and maintain momentum rather than braking hard and then accelerating again. READ MORE: Huge overhaul needed to reform 'chaotic and outdated' licensing syste Whether drivers are carrying a lot of passengers or have been on a hefty shopping trip, having the car full to the brim can reduce fuel efficiency. The heavier the car is, the more fuel it consumes. The experts recommend removing any unnecessary items from the boot and detaching the bike or roof rack when it’s not needed. In the midst of a heatwave, blasting the air conditioning may feel necessary, but according to the AA this can increase fuel consumption by up to 10 percent. Opening the windows is a much cheaper method of cooling down when travelling at lower speeds. Walking isn't just a great way to enjoy the outdoors and get some exercise, it can also save drivers money on petrol. If there's a journey that can be done on foot rather than by car, the experts urged Britons to seize the opportunity. They added: "If you are taking short trips, it’s even more important to switch off that aircon as it will use most of its energy for the initial cool-down." Idling consumes around 0.6 litres of fuel per hour, so if a route is susceptible to traffic jams, drivers might want to rethink their journey. The experts said: "A vehicle with a stop/start engine is recommended if you are frequently stuck in jams. "Google Maps can be a fuel saver by pointing out routes that are congested and offering alternatives that keep you moving."