New research from GoCompare Energy has found that 83 percent of energy customers have seen their fuel bills increase since Ofgem’s energy price cap came into force in April. With the price cap expecting to surpass £5,000 next year, households across the country will be struggling more than ever to pay their bills. However, there are some changes families can do to their homes now before things deteriorate in winter, according to experts. Energy experts at BOXT have shared their money-saving tips to help households who are facing further energy bill rises in October. One of the first money-saving tips suggested was to switch regular incandescent light bulbs to LEDs. The experts said: “A quick fix to help decrease electricity usage is to switch your bulbs out for LED ones. “The upfront cost of replacing your bulbs with more energy-efficient choices and turning non-essential lights off would help save on electric bills in the long term.” Homes using LED bulbs pay around £146 each year to run them, whereas those sticking with halogen bulbs spend £378- according to new research from comparethemarket.com. This means you could save a whopping £232 a year by making the switch to LEDs, says experts at Which? READ MORE: Savvy trick to slash energy bill: Change two settings on your boiler Although 53 percent of people realise that LEDs can save them money, almost a third of people say that they are too expensive to buy in the first place. While it's true that you are likely to pay more upfront for LED bulbs, they're getting cheaper each year as the market grows and matures. Many think that running washing machines without a full load will help to save on bills - but it actually has the opposite effect. BOXT experts said: “Instead of using your washing machine's ‘eco-friendly’ half-load settings, you could change to larger washes, providing your machine has the appropriate capacity. “This way you’ll end up doing fewer washes, and saving more money.” DON'T MISS: I cleaned my greasy air fryer with a 10p cleaning hack [INSIGHT]‘Worst times’ to pot new plants - leads to ‘soil losing moisture’ [EXPERT]‘Unappealing’ paint colours to ‘avoid’ that risk devaluing homes [COMMENT] Furthermore, even turning the temperature down will save money. The experts added: “There’s little need to wash your clothes above 30 degrees in most cases.” Another easy task to try to decrease energy bills is to invest in smart home technology, according to the experts. They said: “Investing in smart home technology can help you to exercise more control over the energy you use as you can do everything from adjusting your thermostat to switching off lights from your smartphone.” Even installing a smart meter can help and it doesn’t cost a fortune. Most are free and you can even request one from your energy provider. READ MORE: DIY jobs to ‘always avoid’ in heatwaves - makes ‘hard to fix’ issues Plus, it saves you from having to fumble around in a dark, dingey cupboard to check your energy usage. Leaving appliances on standby is a major no-no for those trying to save on energy bills. The energy experts said: “Everyone is responsible for doing this, but once you’ve finished watching your TV for the night and turned it off, simply switch off the socket. “All the time it’s left on standby with the socket on, it slowly drains energy adding more to your bills.” Switching them off properly at the switch and not leaving them on standby means that you could save £40 a year. Another appliance that can be draining your energy and money are kettles - especially when they are filled to the brim. Kettles - along with other kitchen appliances like cookers and blenders - account for 19 percent of the average home's energy use. The experts advised: “When you’re brewing up a cup of tea or coffee, resist the urge to fully fill your kettle. “Instead, add only the amount of water you need, this will make your kettle boil faster, meaning it’ll be consuming power for a shorter time and saving you money.”