Prince Harry has been described by author Douglas Murray says as an "errant" figure in the Royal Family who wants to be a prince without any responsibilities, a royal without any duties. Mr Murray went on to compare Megxit to the abdication of Edward VIII describing it as a "sadly familiar tale." Mr Murray told Sky News Australia: "Prince Harry has turned out to be one of those figures as I just said like the Duke of Windsor before him and others who ended up basically breaking away from the family and trying to pursue their own route. "And I'm afraid for Prince Harry as in previous occasions like the Duke of Windsor, it doesn't end very well. "They tried to step away from it, and yet they can't do without it. We see this in Prince Harry he wants to be a prince without any responsibilities. "He wants to be a royal without any duties, a very sadly familiar tale."  It comes as Princes Harry and William look to remember their late mother Diana, Princess of Wales on the anniversary of her death in the early hours of August 31, 1997. Prince Harry said he wished his children could have met his mother Princess Diana and hoped the 25th anniversary of her death next week would be a day filled with memories and love. Harry was just 12 years old when Diana was when the limousine carrying her and her lover Dodi al-Fayed crashed in the Pont de L'Alma tunnel in Paris as it sped away from chasing paparazzi photographers on motorbikes. The Duke was speaking at a dinner on Thursday evening after competing in a polo match in Carbondale, Colorado on behalf of the Sentebale charity that he founded in 2006 with Lesotho's Prince Seeiso to help children and young people. "Next week is the 25th anniversary of my mother's death, and she most certainly will never be forgotten. I want it to be a day filled with memories of her incredible work and love for the way she did it," Harry said, according to a text of the speech released by the charity. "I want it to be a day to share the spirit of my mum with my family, with my children, who I wish could have met her." Diana was involved with more than 100 charities, including many who worked on behalf of homeless people, children and people with HIV and AIDS. He and his brother Prince William, 40, have spoken of the trauma Diana's death caused, and how it affected their mental health for years afterwards. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle’s new ‘style modes’ - ‘obvious shift' in fashion choices [INSIGHT] Harry warned 'inevitable' detail in new book could prove 'incendiary' [REPORT] William 'unlikely' to see Harry when visiting US [REPORT] "Every day, I hope to do her proud. She was tireless in her work to support and destigmatise those experiencing HIV/AIDS ... I hope we can remember my mother's legacy by recommitting to those we serve, whoever and wherever that may be," he said. Harry has admitted he turned to drink and drugs as he dealt with the trauma of his mother's death. His openness about how he battled to cope and came close to a "complete breakdown" after not talking about his loss has won plaudits from mental health charities. READ NEXT:Meghan 'burns 600 calories' doing yoga - but must now change routinePrince Charles 'so touched' to edit black British newspaper The VoiceHarry has 'royal rubberneckers' on tenterhooks over memoirAnimal rights lawyer baffled for 30 mins into Meghan Markle callGB News sparks backlash as host slams Duke of SussexPrince Harry and Meghan gave ‘hope’ at event they almost cancelled