Napoli striker Victor Osimhen's agent has publicly dispelled links with a move to Manchester United as part of a deal for Cristiano Ronaldo this summer. Osimhen has been touted as the Portuguese icon's potential replacement at Old Trafford, but an arrival looks unlikely, at least before the September 1 deadline. Reports in Italy claim Napoli would be open to sending the 23-year-old to United, with Ronaldo coming the other way on loan, if they receive £85million or more. They would also expect the Red Devils to contribute toward most, if not all, of Ronaldo's salary in the final year of his contract. Jorge Mendes is understood to be working around the clock to secure the 37-year-old a transfer to a Champions League as he looks to continue his epic legacy in Europe's elite competition. And he is pushing for United to allow him to depart if a suitable offer arrives, whether Osimhen is involved in a deal or not. Ronaldo, who could start the third of United's four Premier League games this season on the bench at Southampton on Saturday, would jump at the chance of a Champions League switch. And Erik ten Hag is reportedly happy for him to walk out the exit door if he can make two attacking signings in the final five days of the summer transfer window. JUST IN: Chelsea fired Anthony Gordon warning by Frank Lampard after Fofana  Osimhen would be a logical option to replace Ronaldo quickly if he leaves for Napoli. However, the Nigeria international's agent, Roberto Calenda, has taken the rare move to come out online and dismiss rumours that he will be part of any deal for the five-time Ballon d'Or winner. On Friday, he took to Twitter to write: "No negotiations in progress, no swaps, Victor Osimhen is a Napoli player and wants to play the Champions League with his Napoli after winning it on the pitch with pride together with the coach and his teammates." READ MORE: Liverpool might find fix to midfield problems in 'next Luka Modric' Osimhen would be a logical option to replace Ronaldo quickly if he leaves for Napoli. However, the Nigeria international's agent, Roberto Calenda, has taken the rare move to come out online and dismiss rumours that he will be part of any deal for the five-time Ballon d'Or winner. On Friday, he took to Twitter to write: "No negotiations in progress, no swaps, Victor Osimhen is a Napoli player and wants to play the Champions League with his Napoli after winning it on the pitch with pride together with the coach and his teammates." With United chasing Ajax's Antony, most recently seeing a £76m bid rejected, an £85m plus move for Osimhen wouldn't be financially viable. Antony is Ten Hag's priority attacking target, and the Red Devils are expected to return with a third offer in the coming days. But if the chance of signing the 22-year-old winger leaves the frame amid Ajax's hesitance to cash in, a big-money swap proposal involving Osimhen could grab Ten Hag's attention. For now, though, it appears to be somewhat of a non-starter. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here