A Ukrainian drone targeted Russian soldiers who were vulnerable to the attack, carrying injured soldiers to an armoured tank. Footage shows the Russian soldiers taken by surprise as the Ukrainian drone drops artillery strikes. As they realise they are under attack, it is already too late for one of them - who has been hit by the strike. A Russian soldier is seen running and carrying the injured man on his back to an armoured tank. Despite the repeated strikes, the two Russian soldiers make it to the tank. However, as Russian soldiers load their wounded on the armoured personnel carrier (APC), the Ukrainian drone fires yet another strike on the tank. The tank finally escapes further attacks, rushing the injured to a safe place. The attack comes as Ukrainian forces are mounting a counteroffensive in the country’s south to retake Kherson.  Ukrainian officials claim their troops have broken through Russian lines near the southern city of Kherson. Oleksiy Arestovych, a presidential advisor to Volodymyr Zelensky, said Ukraine’s army had breached Russia’s defence within "a few hours" of launching their offensive. The Ukrainian army’s southern command claim it had inflicted heavy losses on Russian units, alleging that it has killed 82 soldiers and destroyed several ammunition depots. However, he warned in a Telegram post that the offensive would be a "slow operation to grind the enemy". READ MORE: EU dithers on Russia tourist ban as Ukraine urges bloc to 'shut door' "Of course, many would like a large-scale offensive with news about the capture by our military of a settlement in an hour," he wrote. "But we don’t fight like that … Funds are limited." Spokesperson for Ukraine’s southern command, Natalia Humeniuk, announced the counteroffensive on Monday, saying it was taking place in "various directions." The spokesperson insisted the operations needed "silence", as media coverage could affect the outcome of the operation. DON'T MISS:‘No doubt at all' that Putin willing to use nukes – 'Part of doctrine' [REPORT] Putin reeling as 'long-range precision strikes' devastate supply lines [REPORT] Russia headquarters wiped out as Ukraine ramps up southern offensives  [REPORT] In a show of support, The European Union member states have agreed on launching the "work necessary to define the parameters for a new military assistance mission for Ukraine," EU Foreign Policy Chief Josep Borrell said on Tuesday. "We need to ensure the coherence of this effort,” Mr Borrell said after chairing two-day talks in Prague with the EU’s defence and foreign ministers. "It’s clear that we need to be quick and ambitious, demonstrate added value, flexibility, once again based on the needs of Ukrainian armed forces." READ NEXT:Putin faces 'economic crisis like no other' as exports PLUMMETUkrainian tennis star breaks down in tears after shocking HalepRising inflation causes shop prices to hit highest levels in 17 yearsPutin humiliated as Russian forces waste missiles on decoy HIMARSUkraine TV host cries as boyfriend proposes from frontline