Yellowstone is coming back to The Paramount Network in November and fans are keen to see Monica Dutton (played by Kelsey Asbille) and her husband Kayce (Luke Grimes). Monica was last seen supporting her husband who had been experiencing disturbing visions as part of his post-traumatic stress disorder. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old Monica is in the series. Monica Dutton has been through a lot during her time on the series as she was in the middle of a family feud. Originally coming from the Broken Rock Indian Reservation, she was forced to start a new life on the Dutton ranch. Her family had been at war with the Duttons for many years and her marriage was supposed to ease tension between the two sides. However, Monica continued to feel torn between her own family and the one she had married into. Her grandfather Felix Long (Rudy Ramos) is one of the Indian elders on the Reservation and she is passionate about her heritage. READ MORE: Monica Dutton Yellowstone: Where was Monica born? Monica was born in 1993, making her around 28 or 29 years old depending on what month she was born. She is younger than her husband, who was born on April 24, 1990, and is 32 years old. Monica was quite young when she gave birth to her son Tate (Brecken Merrill), who is about six years old at the start of the series. With this in mind, Monica would have been about 22 when she had her child. The character's age is different to actress Kelsey Asbille's age in real life, as she is older than Monica. Kelsey is 30 years old and was born in September 1991, so she is due to celebrate her 31st birthday soon. Monica's age is addressed in the Western melodrama when she became a lecturer at a university. She was told she seemed very young to be so clued up about history and she defended her place at the school. The star has teased what fans can expect from her character in the upcoming season after fans found out Monica was pregnant. She said she was excited to have a baby on set but did not give too much away about how Monica will cope with another child. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5 release date, cast, plot: When is it out? [INSIGHT] 1923 Yellowstone release: When is the Yellowstone spin-off out? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone season 5: John Dutton star delivers major filming update [INSIGHT] The star did suggest things may not be looking good for her relationship with Kayce in the new season. She said at the 2022 ACM Awards: "I hope that they’ll be happy in the end, but it’s not likely, to be honest.” At the end of the latest season, Kayce said he had seen "the end of us" in one of his visions, but he did not elaborate. Fans were left to decide whether he was talking about his relationship with Monica, or life on the ranch as they knew it. Speaking to cheatsheet, Kelsey said their relationship will not necessarily end well even with another child. She said: "I think it doesn’t necessarily mean it leads to a happy ending." "And so I think that, you know, listen, I think they’ve got to take it day by day. But they’re committed.” She added she felt like Monica and Kayce have gone “from Romeo and Juliet” to “full-on survival.”  Yellowstone is coming back to The Paramount Network on November 13.