Comedian and talk show host Ellen DeGeneres has broken her silence after the sad death of Anne Heche, aged 53. Ellen, 64, dated Anne for three years in the late 1990s. Ellen wrote on Instagram: "This is a sad day. "I'm sending Anne's children, family and friends all of my love." Anne’s life support was switched off today, a week after the horror crash injured her critically. Her loved ones had already stated that she wasn’t expected to survive, but was being kept alive for the purpose of donating her organs. Ellen dated Anne from 1997 to 2000, and after their split, Anne claimed she reached out to her ex “every day of her life” in a bid to make peace. "I think that it was a very difficult thing for her to trust that I was a woman who could fall in love with a woman, without being gay,” she told Perez Hilton on his YouTube channel. "I think there was a lot to process, so I tried to make the process as simple as possible by quitting Hollywood, moving to Ohio, growing gardens, starting to write and direct with her - which I did in Sharon Stone's movie of all things, called Misconception. "But nothing would satisfy her soul," Anne added. The star was declared brain dead after her Mini Cooper smashed into a two-storey house and was engulfed in flames in the neighbourhood of Mar Vista. Her car smashed into the garage of an apartment complex and burst into flames. As a result, the I Know What You Did Last Summer actress suffered lung damage, burns and a severe anoxic brain injury, which is caused by a sustained lack of oxygen to the brain. "Anne had a huge heart and touched everyone she met with her generous spirit, ” her family said in a statement. DON'T MISS... “More than her extraordinary talent, she saw spreading kindness and joy as her life's work - especially moving the needle for acceptance of who you love. "She will be remembered for her courageous honesty and dearly missed for her light." Her family also sent thanks to the "dedicated staff and wonderful nurses" at the Grossman Burn Centre at West Hills Hospital who had taken care of her. Police are currently doing additional tests to rule out any drugs that were administered in hospital which could have been given as pain medication. LAPD spokesman Matthew Cruz said the crash was being investigated as a felony driving under the influence collision. He told PA: "This case is still an active and ongoing investigation. It is currently in the process of gathering additional evidence; to include final toxicology results, and medical records from both parties involved. "It is the intent of the investigating Detectives to present this case to the appropriate prosecuting office: the Los Angeles County District Attorney or the Los Angeles City Attorney’s office once all pertinent evidence has been gathered." The spokesman added that the preliminary blood tests showed clear “signs of narcotics.”