Molly Rainford became the youngest ever finalist on Britain’s Got Talent back in 2012 and this year she is swapping the stage for the dance floor. The CBBC star is hoping to lift the Glitterball Trophy in the 2022 series of Strictly Come Dancing. The 21-year-old is best known for her role as intergalactic pop superstar Nova Jones in the hit CBBC show of the same name. She’ll be returning to the role for series two in the Autumn and as it’s so popular, it’s already filmed a third season. Molly will no doubt be hoping to be popular in the ballroom as she attempts the Salsa, Argentine Tango and Waltz. Molly said of signing up: “I'm so excited to be part of Strictly Come Dancing. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe “I've watched it for years and can't wait to meet the pros and the others taking part! “I can't wait to learn the moves and get dancing!” Viewers may recognise Molly from Britain’s Got Talent and after making it to the final in 2012, she chose to continue her studies. Simon Cowell and Sony Music honoured Molly with their first ever drama school scholarship at internationally renowned Sylvia Young Theatre School. She has gone from strength to strength landing her leading role on CBBC. Molly has also been shortlisted for best newcomer at the 2022 Variety Club Showbusiness Awards and has released two EPs, including single Commitment, which has garnered over two million streams to date. Many Strictly fans were thrilled to see Molly had joined this year’s star-studded line-up. Courtney Leanne Sparks posted on Twitter: “Congratulations @mollyrainford.” Samantha added: “Good luck molly,” as TV Fan shared: “Another one I'm familiar with!! Loving the line up this year!” However there were some who questioned the signing. Ryan complained: “Hoped it would get better... No thanks. Where are the CELEBS?? “At this point you can just aswell ask the mailman to take part #Strictly.” Jon agreed: “A list of nobody’s this year, budget cuts clearly in progress.” Laura Hoole hit back: “Maybe you haven’t heard of them but plenty of people have? “Why don’t you list who you’d have on and budget a show? See who you come up with and we’ll judge.” Another user also defended the BBC series, writing: “For those too lazy to google she was on Britain's Got Talent many years ago and has since gone on to do lots of acting and presenting on CBBC.” Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One later this year.