Deividas Skebas, 22, was arrested by police on Saturday, two days after Lillia Valutyte was stabbed to death in Boston, Lincs. Lincolnshire Police said the Lithuanian national, who lives in the town, is due to appear at Lincoln magistrates' court today.  Officers have been searching drains and wheelie bins in the town centre in a possible hunt for a murder weapon. A large collection of floral tributes and cuddly toys have been left by devastated locals near to where Lillia's body was discovered. Two men arrested on Friday have been released without charge, police say. On Saturday afternoon, officers descended on a semi-detached house near the market town's Central Park to arrest a man on suspicion of murder. Around 200 residents gathered in the park to watch the arrest unfold as armed officers swarmed the street. According to eye witnesses, the suspect took around five minutes to come out of the property and did not resist arrest. Lina Savicke, 35, the girl's mother, and her stepfather, Aurelijus Savickas, 32, both originally from Lithuania, are being cared for by relatives and specially trained police officers. Lillia's father lives abroad but was due to arrive in Boston yesterday. Relatives say the family remain too devastated to speak. Donna Burton, 57, a hairdresser who works at a salon overlooking the murder scene, said she saw Lillia playing hide and seek with her little sister just 30 minutes before she was killed. She said: "I was leaving work. We would always see the two little girls out here. They were just really happy."  Lillia was a talented dancer who attended classes with other Lithuanian children in Boston. Her teacher, Mantas Grauzinis, 32, revealed she had been dancing for five years. He said: "She was one of the kids who was coming first to the lessons and going out last. She was really a beautiful person, very honest... She was dancing beautifully, winning trophies." There are fears that the murder could stoke community tensions in the town, whose population has one of the highest proportions of Eastern European immigrants in the country. Police confirmed they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the murder. Chief Supt Martyn Parker added: "Following our appeal and the release of CCTV [footage], I can confirm that we arrested a 22-year-old man on suspicion of murder. "He is now in police custody. The arrest follows a combination of intelligence and information supplied by several members of the public. "I would like to thank everyone for their assistance as we continue our investigation." Six years ago, Boston was named the murder capital of Britain with the most homicides per capita in the country. In 2019, a man was stabbed to death just yards from where little Lillia was killed. 