 Meghan Markle marks her 41st birthday on Thursday. And while the Duchess of Sussex is likely to spend the day in private, brand and reputation management expert Eric Schiffer has claimed that the former Hollywood actress may use the occasion to channel public attention on a cause close to her heart. The California-based commentator told Express.co.uk: "She wouldn't be the first to want to shed attention from her birthday onto the plight of others and that's right out of her textbook today, that's in her playbook.  "That's a tactic that goes back centuries for those in positions of power to bequeath their spotlight to raise up others." He added: "So yes, I can see Meghan executing in that way." Last year, to mark her 40th birthday, Meghan famously released a video announcing the 40x40 campaign — for which 40 of her friends would give up 40 minutes of their time to encourage women hoping to get back into the workplace. The Duchess was joined by actress Melissa McCarthy for the comedy video, which consisted of the pair discussing Meghan’s newest philanthropic endeavour. READ MORE: Meghan Markle warned US support at risk over abuse of 'royal card'  She pointed out that tens of millions of women around the world have lost their jobs due to COVID-19 and urged everyone to dedicate 40 minutes to “some kind of act of service” in order to create a “ripple effect.” As Meghan tried to get this message across to Melissa, the comedian interrupted frequently in the gag video, first by getting changed into a dress and hat befitting of a Royal Wedding guest, then asking whether the Duchess was planning a “Suits” reunion and, finally, grabbing a pair of sunglasses and asking if Meghan wanted to have a “yacht party,” to which the former actress shook her head. However, a year on from the launch, not much has been heard about the initiative, with some questioning its success. Kinsey Schofield, a royal commentator and creator of ToDiForDaily.com, has commended the Duchess’ intention but claimed that the campaign was “a bit of a bust”.  Speaking to the Daily Star on Wednesday, she said: "The intention was great but I think the execution was not. "They should have followed up with unique stories about the elite mentors participating, and what the women being mentored learned in the process. "Did they get any professional opportunities because they were mentored by someone Meghan knows? That is great press." She added: "To go radio silent makes it feel like they tried something, it didn't take off, let's pretend it didn't happen." DON'T MISSHarry on brink of memoir U-turn after Royal Family 'rapprochement' [INSIGHT]Kate and William to show Harry and Meghan who 'the real royals are' [ANALYSIS]'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims [VIDEO]  The Duke and Duchess’s Archewell production company website has not reported any update on the scheme. Ms Schofield concluded: “I think Meghan's 40x40 campaign was a bit of a bust. "But it's hard to evaluate it without hearing or seeing any of the results. “Perhaps she's playing the long game and we'll get updates this year." However, back in May, royal biographer Angela Levin claimed that the project had been “quietly dropped”.  Angela Levin told Sun Online: “I read some time back it had been quietly dropped. "I think it's very quietly gone into the dustbin.” Meghan is expected to release her new podcast this year, with the Duchess announcing in March that ‘Archetypes’ would launch this summer. It would mark the Sussexes’ first content with Spotify since their first and only released episode — a holiday special in 2020.  In a trailer for the podcast, the Duchess said: “​​I’m Meghan, and this is Archetypes: the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. “I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. “And, I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place.” No further information regarding the podcast has been released, but according to Closer Magazine, the Duchess is “throwing herself into” working on the project.