American tennis star Tennys Sandgren has pledged his support behind Novak Djokovic following the Serbian’s ban from competing at the US Open. Djokovic will miss his second Grand Slam of the 2022 season due to his refusal to get vaccinated against Covid. The Serbian has endured a stop-start campaign due to his vaccine status which has seen him lose his place at the top of the world rankings, and his omission from Flushing Meadows is yet another setback. The Serbian’s ban has no doubt split opinion, especially among his fellow players. And Sandgren revealed that despite many being pleased with Djokovic’s non-appearance, he himself is disappointed to not see the former world No. 1 compete. Djokovic said, as quoted by Serbian site Alo!: “Tennis is a selfish, individual sport by nature. Everyone has their own interests, so when this situation arises, no one will lift a finger. “Maybe some are happy that Novak Djokovic will not be in New York, but I am saddened by the way some have behaved. Everything is sad, especially that the organiser of the US Open did not do enough for Novak.” JUST IN: Andy Murray receives test results after US Open preparations blighted by mysterious issue  Believing that the tournament officials should have done more to aid Djokovic, Sandgren added: “They cannot make us think that their voice is not important in all this. Such an important and powerful event can influence a rule change or guarantee an exemption for Djokovic. “The US Open did not fight for Novak and that is sad and brutal at the same time.” One man who also had sympathy for the Wimbledon champion is his long-time rival Rafael Nadal, who revealed ahead of the tournament that Djokovic’s omission is ‘very sad news’. DON'T MISSMurray claims US Open retirement isn't 'part of Williams' storyline'Murray backing Emma Raducanu ahead of US Open title due to two reasonsFederer and co learn final Laver Cup opponents as Team World complete He commented: “In some way we know that Novak will not play for a while if nothing changes in terms of the rules, no? We knew this months ago. From my personal perspective, it is very sad news. “It's always a shame when the best players of the world are not able to play a tournament because of injuries or because of different reasons. In this case, not having one of the best players in history in the draw of a Grand Slam is always an important miss, no? As I said, tough for the fans, tough for the tournament.”