Prime Minister Boris Johnson was never a favourite among EU leaders. His prominence as part of the Leave campaign, the fact he took the country out of the EU and his push to change the Northern Ireland protocol has angered many in Brussels. When he announced his resignation in July, it was safe to say that the EU was delighted with the news. This was seen when Politico spoke to various figures in Brussels about his departure and how it could impact European-British relations. One diplomat responded to Mr Johnson's resignation speech, in which he appeared to resent those within his own party that had turned on him. They said: “Typical Boris. Full of s***." The diplomat continued: “I think everybody has … had the same sort of strange Schadenfreude feeling about it. It's been very entertaining. "We're happy to see him gone ... It is difficult to see how things could be worse than they were under Boris Johnson.” Even senior European leaders appeared to be celebrating Mr Johnson's exit. Irish Prime Minister Micheál Martin tweeted at the time: "We didn’t always agree, and the relationship between our Governments has been strained and challenged in recent times. "We have now an opportunity to return to the true spirit of partnership and mutual respect that is needed to underpin the gains of the Good Friday Agreement." Meanwhile, German MEP Bernd Lange took aim at the UK's "egomaniacal" leadership. He said: “I think it's really liberating. “Only what strengthened him domestically was important to him, and that of course had a negative impact on relations with the European Union. That was very egomaniacal." Mr Johnson may be headed out the door, but his likely successor seems intent on following in his footsteps when it comes to Brexit and the EU. READ MORE: Brexit: Truss handed blueprint to solve illegal migration Liz Truss is leading in the polls for the Tory leadership contest, and she has vowed to press on with the trying to change the Northern Ireland protocol. Speaking to Politico earlier this month, another EU diplomat based in London said: “We have a negative impression, not based on her intentions but her actions,” a London-based diplomat from a large EU country said. “A new leader is always a new opportunity for a reset, but we will have to see if she takes steps towards rebuilding trust, which is very needed.” A diplomat based in Brussels was more blunt: “Liz Truss would seem to us to be really, really poor from an EU point of view. "What she has shown, since she’s taken over as foreign secretary, and as she’s taken over the Brexit negotiations, has just been very negative.” DON'T MISSBrexit: Truss poised to press trigger in first action as PM [INSIGHT]‘They want to kill me' Farage reveals horror death threats he receives [ANALYSIS]Brexit Britain joins with Ukraine to rebuild war-torn infrastructure [INSIGHT] Ms Truss has only risked more ill-feeling in Europe in recent days after remarks she made about French President Emmanuel Macron. At an event on Thursday, Ms Truss said "the jury is out" on whether Mr Macron is a "friend or foe". She added that she would judge the French president on his “deeds not words.”