The Countryfile presenter is rumoured to be joining this year’s star line-up in the BBC dancing competition. However, Loose Women's Janet Street-Porter said her supposed appearance makes her “anxious” when the panellists discussed Helen potentially joining up to the show. Helen’s rumoured Strictly Come Dancing stint was one of the topics discussed on Wednesday’s instalment of Loose Women with panellists Christine Lampard, Coleen Nolan, Denise Welch and Janet. On the speculation, the 75-year-old referred to Helen supposedly saying she’s looking for love on a TV show, following her split from husband of nine years Richie Myler. Coleen commented: “She’s talking about the Strictly curse. “And good on her, if I ever get Strictly and that curse doesn’t hit me, I’m voting myself off.”   Coleen questioned why Janet had a negative outlook if Helen were to join the show with her admitting it makes her “anxious”. “It just makes me anxious for her that she’s revealed too much, she sounds too needy,” Janet quipped. The ITV panellist added: “The last place I would look for love would be on a TV show. “Most people are absolutely desperate to avoid the Strictly curse but Helen would love it to give her some confidence back.”   Janet’s comments come after Helen confirmed her split from Richie this April, four months after they welcomed their baby girl Elsie into the world. Taking to social media, Helen told her fans: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. “He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." Although it was recently revealed that Richie has since moved on and enjoyed a trip to Cornwall with his new beau Stephanie Thirkill.   Over the past week, the line-up for Strictly Come Dancing has been revealed with actor Will Mellor being the first official star announced. Other celebrities taking to the dance floor in the BBC show includes singer Matt Goss, Ellie Taylor, Tyler West and Jayde Adams. Loose Women’s Kaye Adams, Kym Marsh, Ellie Simmonds and BBC Radio 2’s Richie Anderson have also been announced. The two most recent stars added to the competition were pop sensation Molly Rainford and former footballer Tony Adams.   This year,  fan favourites Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec won’t be making a return to the series after they announced earlier in the year they had decided to leave. However, instead of having two professional dancing replacements, the show will welcome Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakka. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in the autumn. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 