 Strictly Come Dancing pro Giovanni Pernice, 31, has purportedly been the subject of rumours surrounding the upcoming series of the hit BBC One show. The Italian dancer was dragged into a favouritism row due to reports claiming he was likely to be in a same-sex couple.   However, whoever is going to be dancing with him is yet to be confirmed. Giovanni won last year's series with Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27, and reportedly already has fellow pros convinced he will “sail” through the rounds this year too. A source said: “Some of Gio's fellow pros have raised eyebrows about chat of him getting Richie. READ MORE: Lily James wows in lingerie as Pamela Anderson on Pam & Tommy set  “The last two same sex couples have done really well and the feeling is that whoever gets Richie could go all the way and win it.” The insider added to The Sun: “Winning two on the bounce would be great for Gio — but not all of his colleagues feel the same way.” Giovanni made history last year along with Rose as she became the first deaf contestant to appear on the show. Since then, the pair have gone on to win a BAFTA award for the publicly-voted Virgin Media's Must-See Moment.   They also supported the Take A Moment campaign for mental health awareness earlier this year. The night they lifted the Glitterball trophy, Giovanni could not contain his emotions as he thanked his dance partner. As they stood next to their trophy, Tess Daly said: “Rose, Giovanni, you are our winners, how does it feel?” Looking emotional, Giovanni said: "Incredible. I have to say thank you to this beautiful young lady who made all my dreams come true. DON'T MISS...'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise [INSIGHT]Heidi Klum, 49, says she still loves taking her clothes off [COMMENT]Carol Vorderman, 61, exposes killer abs in sultry bikini [PICS]  "It took me seven years to get that thing, and you became the best dancer, the best teammate I could have asked for. “You are a dream, so thank you for everything." Rose Ayling-Ellis turned to Giovanni and told him: "I just want to say you're so amazing, you pushed me to believe in myself more than I believed in myself. "You're an incredible teacher and a wonderful friend, and we have gone through a lot.  “And I just want you to know you've always got a piece of my heart." Fighting back the tears and hugging Rose, Giovanni told her: “I love you.” Rose and Giovanni battled it out against John Whaite and Johannes Radebe to win Strictly Come Dancing 2021. Both Rose and John performed three routines and impressed the judges with their performance.