In Outlander’s fifth season, Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) welcomed their first grandchild, Jeremiah ‘Jemmy’ Fraser. However, some fans of the hit adaptation on Starz weren’t happy with how his introduction was handled, and are demanding an additional scene in season seven to make up for it. Warning - this article contains major spoilers for Outlander season seven. Fans are demanding Claire and Jamie Fraser should be present at the birth of their next grandchild when Outlander’s next season begins. In season five, Claire’s daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton) and her husband Roger (Richard Rankin) are finally married and welcome their first child, Jemmy. Originally introduced in the fourth book in Diana’s saga, Dragonfly in Amber, Jemmy’s first appearance happened a little later in Starz’s version of events. Despite keeping fans waiting for another season to meet Jemmy, the birth proved controversial for some readers as Claire and Jamie weren’t present. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring Reddit user historyarmchair22 explained: “Jemmy’s birth was an important scene in [Dragonfly in Amber]. “Both Claire and Jamie [are] present and actively helping with it, while in the show they weren’t even there.” Not including the Frasers during one of the show’s most important family moments was seen as a major oversight for those who read Diana’s novels. Thankfully, the TV version of Outlander has a second chance to bring the Frasers together as season seven is set to adapt the rest of book six, A Breath of Snow and Ashes. “ABOSAA doesn’t make a big deal of Mandy’s birth,” the post continued. “So I’m hoping they do in the show to help showcase the family bond of everyone involved.” To make up for season six being truncated by the Covid pandemic, Outlander’s seventh season will comprise a massive 16 episodes. There’ll be plenty of room to adapt some key moments from ABOSAA’s last chapters, before moving on to book seven, An Echo in the Bone. DON'T MISS:Below Deck Med fans demand Raygan fired after Sandy error [REACTION]NCIS’ Pauley Perrette divides fans with furious rant 'SO mad!' [COMMENT]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly welcomes new addition for season 5 [UPDATE] Once Claire has proven her innocence of the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds), hopefully the Frasers will find time to recoup back at the Ridge and rest up before their next fight. This could very well include the birth of Mandy, Jemmy’s younger sister. In the novels, Mandy terrifies her parents when she’s born with a life-threatening heart defect. The family decides to return to the 20th Century for her surgery, which is more advanced than the operations Claire is able to perform in the 1700s. Thankfully, Mandy survives the ordeal and grows up to be a headstrong and precocious child with a strong connection to her brother. As the eighth season of Outlander has yet to be confirmed, viewers may just have the chance to meet Mandy as a baby for the time being. However, there are still three more books in Diana’s series left to adapt after the seventh outing, which could mean many more adventures through history for Claire and the Frasers. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and on StarzPlay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.