Married at First Sight UK  has returned for a seventh outing with a new bunch of romantics hoping to find 'the one' with guidance from relationship experts. Miss Great Britain 2020 April Banbury said 'I do' to 40-year-old George Roberts on Tuesday [August 30] night's show on E4. If you're a fan of dating shows in general then you may have realised that this isn't her first time appearing on TV to try and find love. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS UK. April Banbury tied the knot with financial advisor George Roberts in the second episode of MAFS UK season seven. But her first TV appearance was actually back in 2011 when she starred on Channel 5's The Bachelor. She was in the running to become the next girlfriend of former rugby player and singer Charlotte Church's ex-boyfriend Gavin Henson. April didn't end up winning over Gavin, coming in third place and losing out to Carianne Barrow. Gavin and Carianne broke up the following year, with her stating the relationship was "boring". READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed The dress designer didn't give up going down the reality TV route in order to find romance though. She featured in the 2021 ITV dating show The Cabins where singletons lived together in remote cabins in a bid to try and get to know one another without distractions. April had a romance with model Ryan Darvill but it wasn't meant to be as the coronavirus pandemic soon hit. The subsequent lockdown made a relationship difficult so they decided not to pursue their connection any further. April's friends have joked she is "always the bridal designer, never the bride" so the 33-year-old was eager to put this to bed. At first, she was delighted to be matched with George but following their nuptials, they came across their first bump in the road. Her new hubby revealed he is a dad-of-four shortly after April stated she wasn't sure if she wanted children. She told her friends she was panicking but they told April to give him a chance as he was "amazing". DON'T MISS...Denise Welch in furious row on Loose Women 'Meghan can do no right!' [EXPLAINER]MAFS UK's George furious with new wife April [VIDEO]Married At First Sight star ‘not in contact’ with partner after split  [CAST] Apart from this unexpected news, their wedding day went off without a hitch. But looking forward, will they be able to overcome this family hurdle as they try to integrate their lives as newlyweds? Fans are just going to have to follow their love story on MAFS UK to see if they will be able to make it work. However, going by the teaser for the upcoming episode, there is already trouble in paradise. In MAFS UK's latest instalment, the first four couples are seen going on their honeymoons. But in the preview, George and April are seen looking miserable at opposite ends of the hotel. He says: "April's been intimate with somebody else. I've been cheated on. F**k" before storming off. MAFS UK airs nightly at 9pm on E4.