According to a recent study by Europeanbestdestinations, Basel, in Switzerland, is the safest city in Europe for British tourists. Basel is a vibrant and beautiful city where tourists can feel completely safe as it has the lowest crime rate in Europe. Tripadvisor user Reggie D, who recently travelled to Basel, recommended visiting the old town which she described as a "beautiful area with a lot of shopping". She said: "I loved it. Beautiful streets with historical buildings as well as a lovely park." Another traveller, NaturGuyDECH, explained: "Basel is usually not on the typical tourist list to visit, but this charming city has many special things to offer. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade "First of all, it is a very international city with many foreigners living and working there. "Second, its people are very down to earth. Third, the charm old streets of the old town will take you back to the 13th or 14th century. Take the little boat to go across the Rhein. "Sit in a cafe along the Rhein watching the river flow... It is a great Swiss city to relax and enjoy life." Geneva, in Switzerland, is not only a stunning destination located south of Lac Léman (Lake Geneva) and surrounded by the Alps but is also the second safest and most welcoming city in Europe.  Geneva is followed by Ljubljana, in Slovenia, a friendly, clean and safe city in Eastern Europe. Tourists will find Ljubljana very easy to visit and will be able to walk anywhere around its small and charming city centre. Vienna, in Austria, is one of the most beautiful cities in the world, as well as one of the safest. In Switzerland, Zurich was also named one of the safest destinations in Europe to visit this summer with a very low crime rate. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Portugal is one of Britain's favourite holiday destinations and the city of Porto with its warm climate, beautiful architecture and gastronomy, is the perfect spot for those looking for a tranquil break in the country. Porto is also one of the safest and most romantic cities in Europe. The capital of Portugal, Lisbon, also ranked as one of the safest with a very low crime rate this year. In Croatia, another popular summer destination, Zagreb, Split and Rijeka, are some of the safest options. Basel, Switzerland Geneva, Switzerland Ljubljana, Slovenia Vienna, Austria Zurich, Switzerland Porto, Portugal Bern, Switzerland Zagreb, Croatia Reykjavik, Iceland Split, Croatia Lisbon, Portugal Rijeka, Croatia