Ellie plays long-term cobbles character Faye Windass, who is adjusting to the difficult news that she is undergoing the menopause at only 20 years old. Appearing on Friday's Loose Women, the Coronation Street actress talked about taking on the demanding plot and the importance of spreading more awareness about Faye's situation. She admitted it had been "challenging" and that she hadn't realised it could happen until being given the storyline in the popular ITV soap. Panellist Kaye Adams asked: "How did you react when this first got thrown at you? It's not the storyline you expect at 20, is it?" "Yeah, yeah definitely not," she replied. "But obviously it's always good to be able to tell a story, whatever you get. "So yeah, I was shocked because I didn't really realise that it happened to women so young. "But I think that's why it's good because not a lot of people know about it, so it's good to be able to show that this happens and make sure everyone knows about it." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star Lady Leshurr asked: "Were you quite shocked that you had to play that role?" "Yeah, definitely," the 21-year-old revealed before adding: "Obviously there are all types of stuff that happens - you can get so many symptoms. "I think the hardest one for me is kind of the mood swings because it's going from 0 to 100 so quickly. "And obviously I don't really go through that in my life. I know when I'm angry and when I'm not - but it is kind of... "It's like something takes over your body and you don't know." "You can't describe it," Lady Leshurr probed, to which the soap star agreed. "Yeah, you can't describe it! It's weird," she explained. DON'T MISS... This Morning uproar as Matthew Wright slammed for 'blaming' women [REACTION]Madonna slammed by Ranvir Singh over bizarre new look 'I'm bamboozled' [VIDEO]Clarkson's Farm season 2 has finished filming - 'Long process of edit [LATEST] "How do research this role?" Katie Piper asked. "Because there's not going to be many 20-year-olds going through this. "And like you say, it's slightly different to your mum's experience." "Yeah, definitely," Ellie confirmed. "I think even though it is different, I think it's just trying to speak to people who are going through it and get what their aspect is. "Obviously I don't really know anyone who has gone through it at this age." Talking about her close co-star Colson Smith, who plays her boyfriend Craig Tinker, she went on: "We work together so much, you create a bond and a relationship. "And because we've basically been there the same amount of time and we've done a few big stories together, it is really nice to have him - especially through big storylines that are challenging." It isn't the first tough storyline Ellie has had to tackle though, having taken on the role of Faye back in 2011 at just nine years old. During that time, unlucky Faye has had to deal with being adopted, school issues, teenage pregnancy and sexual harassment. The latter landed her character in prison after she tried to get revenge on her attacker and assaulted the wrong man. Thankfully, despite her latest setback, the support of her family and boyfriend Craig is helping her through. Loose Women airs on weekdays from 12.30pm, while Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm.