Gary Neville has delivered his own scathing verdict on Manchester United's plight following their opening-day defeat to Brighton. Roy Keane was far from impressed with a number of United players, particularly Fred and Scott McTominay who are still the club's two main central midfielders. And Neville even took a pop at his former club during his commentary duties for West Ham's clash with Manchester City. Cameras panned on Mark Noble in the stands and Martin Tyler remarked that the West Ham icon would probably love to be back down there playing. Neville then joked that Noble would in fact probably be thankful he's not playing against a side like City. And the eight-time Premier League champion admitted he wouldn't even fancy lacing back up for United due to their current plight. "No part of me wants to play for Manchester United at the moment," Neville joked.  United came into the campaign with a new manager and philosophy in place with some hope that things would change for the better. But a drawn-out transfer pursuit of Frenkie de Jong has still not resulted in any agreement with only Lisandro Martinez, Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen coming in as new signings. Cristiano Ronaldo's uncertain future has also been a cause of frustration for many on the periphery. Still, United's Premier League opener against Brighton was an opportunity for Ten Hag to put all that to one side and kickstart their campaign with a win.  However, the Red Devils came up against a determined and well-drilled Brighton side with Danny Welbeck causing issues for both Harry Maguire and Martinez throughout the match. And the visitors took the lead midway through the first half when Pascal Gross tapped in from close range and doubled his tally before the break. Ten Hag didn't wait long in the second half to change things with Ronaldo coming off the bench in place of Fred, leading to a change in formation. But, despite an own goal from Alexis Mac Allister, United never truly looked capable of pulling off a classic comeback with boos ringing out at Old Trafford at full time. United will now be hoping for a better showing next weekend when they travel to Brentford. It won't get any easier for United to find some run of form after that though as they host Liverpool in two weeks.