Manchester United are considering as many as four more signings after finally agreeing a fee with Ajax for Antony, according to reports. The Brazil international previously played under Erik ten Hag in Amsterdam but is now poised to move to Old Trafford for a huge £84.4million. However, John Murtough appears ready to work on more reinforcements as the Red Devils seek a significantly-improved campaign this term. It emerged on Sunday that Manchester United had, after weeks of intense negotiations, managed to agree a fee with Ajax for Antony. The Brazil international, who scored eight goals and registered four assists from 23 Eredivisie matches last term, is now poised to get his wish after refusing to train or play in the hope he’d be allowed to move to the Premier League. Some have suggested United’s spending will end with Antony, especially given how they’ve forked out on deals for the likes of Casemiro, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia as well - with Christian Eriksen arriving on a free. But the Telegraph say the Red Devils are looking for as many as four other signings ahead of the close of the transfer window. They’re ‘moving’ for Newcastle star Martin Dubravka, who is set to provide competition for David De Gea when it comes to the No 1 jersey. De Gea has endured a shaky start to the current campaign, shipping seven goals in three matches against Brentford, Brighton and Liverpool - though was able to keep a clean sheet at Southampton on Saturday. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Dubravka is eager to join the Red Devils and, should that deal happen, he’ll be a temporary replacement for Dean Henderson - who is spending the season on loan at Nottingham Forest. United are considering a right-back, too. Brandon Williams and Aaron Wan-Bissaka are both free to leave before Thursday’s transfer deadline, with the latter wanted back at Crystal Palace, who he previously left in 2019. Sergino Dest and Vanderson, of Barcelona and Monaco respectively, have previously been linked. Likewise Max Aarons, who is currently strutting his stuff for Norwich City in the Championship. United are open to recruiting another midfielder as well, though it’s unclear who that would be. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him They’d strike if Frenkie de Jong were to indicate any interest in moving to the Premier League but, at the current moment in time, the 25-year-old would prefer to stay at Barcelona. It’s thought United have dropped their interest in Adrien Rabiot altogether, especially in the wake of their decision to snap up Casemiro from Real Madrid. And United may also fork out for another forward, too. Memphis Depay has been linked with a blockbuster return, with Barcelona willing to let the forward go if they receive an offer in the region of £8.5m. The Netherlands international spent 18 months at Old Trafford earlier in his career but, after toiling under Louis van Gaal, was ruthlessly sold by Jose Mourinho. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Yet Depay would be a good option given his low price tag and experience, having rebuilt his career at both Lyon and Barcelona in recent years. Cody Gakpo, of PSV Eindhoven, has also emerged as a potential target for the Red Devils. And the forward confirmed interest from United on Sunday, shortly after scoring in PSV’s 6-1 win over Excelsior. "There are also other options, United are a serious option,” he told ESPN. “I can hear it all. I try to shut myself off from it, but it's difficult." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Whether United are able to add to their summer signings by the time the transfer window shuts on Thursday remains to be seen. But history suggests they’re open to late arrivals. United signed Radamel Falcao and Daley Blind on transfer deadline day in 2014, with Anthony Martial then following 12 months later. In 2020, the Red Devils brought in Facundo Pellistri and Edinson Cavani late in the transfer window - as well as agreeing a fee with Atalanta for Amad. And, on deadline day 12 months ago, Cristiano Ronaldo’s Hollywood homecoming to United was made official. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here