Tile grout can easily change colour from white to yellow or even brown if it isn’t regularly cleaned. Grout cleaning, whether it’s for floors or wall tiles, should be done at least once a month for the best results. Better still, homeowners can remove stains and clean grout when stains and dirt build-up first starts to show. One of the worst offenders for grubby floor tile grout is dirty mop water. Rather than cleaning the grout and the tile, the mop water spreads the dirt around. The grout is lower into the floor than the tile itself which is why the dirt settles into the crevice of the grout. In bathrooms, soap scum, limescale and mould are just some of the ways tile grout can become grimy and discoloured. With the right tools and techniques, it can be relatively easy to “brighten” dirty grout. READ MORE: House sales: Common paint colour to ‘avoid using’ when selling a home To give tile surfaces and flooring a “fresh, clean look”, experts at The Home Depot have shared their simple homemade solution for cleaning tile grout. To make a grout and tile cleaner, homeowners will need oxygenated bleach, bicarbonate of soda, rubbing alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, mild dish soap and gloves to protect hands. The tools needed to actually clean the grout are sponges, a grout brush or old toothbrush and microfibre cloths. A bucket and mop or steam cleaner may be needed for those cleaning floor tiles but this is optional. DON'T MISSRemove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [INSIGHT]'It's an open invitation to burglars': Avoid common mistake at home [UPDATE]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [ANALYSIS] If there is a heavy build-up of dirt and debris, the experts recommend using a commercial grout and tile cleaner, if suitable for the surfaces. The experts explained exactly how to make your own DIY tile cleaning paste. They said: “To make your own DIY cleaning paste mix three quarters of a cup of baking soda, a quarter cup of hydrogen peroxide and one tablespoon of mild dish soap. “You'll also want to use a firm, compact toothbrush or grout brush to scrub the grout lines. “Next, after pouring the cleaner over a small section of tile, give each grout line a good scrub. “Then, use a sponge or microfibre cloth to rinse and wipe the area removing any residue. “Now you're ready to address any stubborn stains using a mixture of two tablespoons of oxygenated bleach and two cups of warm water. “Work in small sections letting the cleaner sit for up to 15 minutes then scrub the lines using firm pressure and rinse.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  To keep grout and tiles looking their best, homeowners are advised to give them a “weekly wipe down” using rubbing alcohol to help prevent future grime and build up. Some experts suggest using more natural solutions to clean grout such as lemon juice and white vinegar. Either substance can be put onto the grout and left to sit for around 10 to 15 minutes to get rid of grout stains. The area then needs to be rinsed with water and wiped dry with a towel or rag.