Millions of households across Britain are due to face a further 30 percent increase in energy bills from October 1. This is the second cap hike of the year, and while Ofgem’s new rule change now enables the price cap to be reviewed every three months instead of six, this figure is only expected to increase further in January. But what does the energy price cap mean and how will it affect people? Amid rising concerns over fuel poverty, the energy price cap was introduced in 2019 by energy regulator Ofgem to prevent service providers from making excessive profits from customers. Essentially, the cap is there to stop energy suppliers from charging any prices they like per kWh of energy used, while also taking into account the real wholesale energy price. This prevents suppliers from purchasing energy at a higher price than they are selling and is meant to ensure a “fair” price for all.  READ MORE: Ofgem price cap: How much energy bills could rise by in January 2023  Following today’s announcement, the price for an average household’s annual energy bill has been increased to a staggering £3,549 as of October 1. This amounts to an 80 percent increase since the start of the year and equates to a direct debit amount of around £300 a month. The first energy price cap hike came in April, and this saw bills increase around 54 percent from the start of the year. October’s price cap will last until December 31, 2022, after which a new cap will come into force as of January 1. Although figures are yet to be determined, it’s currently forecast that the cap may rise to top £4,000 a year from January according to Cornwall Insight, but this will be determined on November 24.  To find out how the energy price cap may affect you, you can access a calculator here. Now set every three months by Ofgem, the price cap, as mentioned, limits the rate a supplier can charge for its default tariffs. These include the standing charge (the amount charged each day to supply a household),  and the price for each kilowatt hour (kWh) of electricity and gas (the units a person’s bill is calculated from). It doesn't cap the person’s total bill, which will change depending on how much energy is used. DON'T MISS:‘Quicker’ and ‘cheaper’ way to dry clothes without a tumble dryer [EXPLAINED]Common household appliances can hike energy bill by £140 a month [ANALYSIS]Energy bills ‘over a third’ of state pension after price cap rise [INSIGHT]     Currently, and up until September 30, a customer with “typical” energy usage paying by direct debit is being charged a maximum of 28p per kWh for electricity and 7p per kWh for gas. From October 1, these will rise to 52p and 15p respectively. Electricity and gas daily standing charges are currently capped at 45p and 27p respectively, but these will see a more modest increase to 46p and 28p. However, according to Ofgem, rates “are averages and will vary by region, payment method and meter type”. Ofgem said the increases reflect the continued rise in global wholesale gas prices, which began to surge as the world resurfaced from the Covid pandemic, and has been driven higher to record levels by Russia slowly switching off gas supplies to Europe. Jonathan Brearley, CEO of Ofgem, said: “The price of energy has reached record levels driven by an aggressive economic act by the Russian state.  “They have slowly and deliberately turned off the gas supplies to Europe causing harm to our households, businesses and wider economy. Ofgem has no choice but to reflect these cost increases in the price cap.” For people worried about the upcoming price cap and how they can pay their bills, the Government is offering a number of schemes to help those in need. From a non-repayable £400 energy rebate to Warm Home Discounts and Cost of Living Payments, there are certain initiatives that will take shape automatically or that people can apply for support over the coming months. For more information on the support available, including eligibility and how to apply, visit the Citizen’s Advice page here. 