Former Attorney General Dominic Grieve was heard giggling on LBC after Ann Widdecombe disagreed with his statement that Boris Johnson is a “serial liar” and defined him instead a “serial blunderer”. Referring to the outgoing prime minister, Ms Widdecombe said Mr Johnson “undoubtedly has got charisma” and although “in his own terms” he delivered Brexit. Following the subtle giggle from Mr Grieve, LBC host Tom Swarbrick asked whether he was right to have heard him laughing during Ms Widdecombe’s comments. The former Attorney General admitted he did “very slightly” and concluded by saying “it seems to me that [Ms Widdecombe] below to the ranks of those who’ve been seduced by Mr Johnson’s charm”. LBC host Tom Swarbrick asked: “Did I hear Dominic Grieve giggle?” Mr Grieve admitted: “I did very slightly. “It seems to me that she belongs to the ranks of those who’ve been seduced by Mr Johnson’s charm. “I think that Mr Johnson is not a blunder. “I find this forgiveness towards somebody who’ve behaved frankly so badly rather charming.” The comments from Mr Grieve came as Ms Widdecombe said: “He’s undeniably got charisma, he won that enormous majority. “In his own terms he delivered on that promise [Brexit], I would have liked to have seen something a bit stronger, but he delivered on that. “I don’t agree with Dominic that he’s deliberately a serial liar.” READ MORE: Biden's Brexit meddling as US tried to convince UK to back down to EU She stressed: “I think he is a serial blunderer. He opens his mouth and he speaks and then he reviews the facts afterwards. “What he didn’t have was somebody in Downing Street saying to him ‘keep quiet, don’t say anything until we’ve looked at the facts. “There was nobody taking control in Downing Street.” Mr Swarbrick then pointed out and asked her: “He’s the prime minister! Why didn’t he take control?” DON'T MISS: Brexit: Truss handed blueprint to solve illegal migration [WATCH]Campbell FUMES over possible return of LORD FROST and Redwood [LISTEN]Brexit: Truss poised to press trigger in first action as PM [INSIGHT] She concluded: “All prime ministers have had advisors at Downing Street, and indeed would be poor if they didn’t have it. “I mean, it is his job but the role of a good advisor, knowing what the weaknesses are trying to counter them, is crucial”. Ahead of Brexit, Mr Grieve had always warned the goverment of leaving the European Union. Speaking with the BBC, he explicitly said that the government was "fundamentally wrong" with Brexit, urging the UK to rejoin the union. The remarks from Ms Widdecombe and Mr Grieve came after Boris Johnson, in an article for Mail, said the next prime minister will announce “another huge package of financial support” amid UK facing soaring energy bills this winter. In an article for Mail, the outgoing prime minister warned the next few months will be “tough, perhaps very though” for the country, but forecasted that the UK will emerge “stronger and more prosperous the other side”. On Friday, energy regulator Ofgem announced an increase in the price cap, taking the average energy bill to over £3,549 a year. Despite not providing exact projecting for the price cap in January due to a “too volatile” market, Ofgem warned that the price cap “could get significantly worse through 2023”. The outgoing prime minister had earlier blamed the current energy crisis in the UK and Europe on Russia, stressing that households across the country have to endure the current crisis to counter Russia in its aggression of Ukraine. Speaking from Kyiv on Ukraine’s Independence Day, he said: “We know the coming winter will be tough and Putin will manipulate Russian energy supplies to try to torment households across Europe. “Our first test as friends of Ukraine will be to face down and endure that pressure”. READ NEXT: Putin forces rocked as another Ka-52 chopper destroyedBritain to send ‘microdrones’ to UkrainePutin facing new threat as tyrant concedes 'deteriorating' situationUkraine war: Putin 'cannot survive' mounting Russian anger at lossesUkraine: 22 dead and more than 50 injured on independence day