Anti-ageing skincare creams, supplements, diet, exercise and lifestyle changes - people are prepared to invest their time and money into looking younger. Evonne Swann, 70, appeared on the Oprah Winfrey show in 2007 and flabbergasted the audience with her youthful looks. Evonne stated that she "doesn't feel 70", or even 60 or 50, because "age is just a number". She added that passersby mistake her for her 55-year-old son's date when they are spotted together in the street. She shared her top tips for looking young even in her 70s, emphasising the importance of investing in one particular beauty product. She said: "The important thing that I'd like to tell everyone is moisturise, moisturise, moisturise. READ MORE: 57-year-old shares 'unreal' youthful transformation - pictures "Every morning before I go to the door to pick up my New York Times, I have moisturiser on." The benefits of moisturising the face and body are incredible, from reducing the appearance of blemishes, to allowing the skin to rejuvenate and repair, to fighting wrinkles. According to the British Journal of Dermatology, those with properly moisturised skin "accumulate wrinkles at just a fraction of the rate of those with dry skin", as reported by day spa Burke Williams. But moisturising isn't the only thing Yvonne credited to her ageless beauty, with exercising also playing a huge part. She added: "My transportation is my bicycle or walking, which I love to do." Evonne also practised a sport typically associated with the young, admitting that she likes to "rollerblade". On rainy days, she said she sticks to home workouts, relying on her trusted pilates bench and belly dancing tapes. Rather than restrictive eating, Evonne focuses on nourishing her body with the right stuff - and the occasional treat. READ MORE: How to look younger: Hand and neck edition - 'very beneficial' The age-defier revealed that she is sensible with her diet; if she has a dessert one day, she'll give it a miss the next. Others who hope to look younger will be delighted to hear that Yvonne has not had to cut out alcohol. Rather, she enjoys a martini or a glass of wine with her dinner. But perhaps the biggest secret Evonne shared is that her agelessness is down to a shift in outlook. She explained: "Compared to 10 years ago, I feel marvellous. I feel more confident and more beautiful. "I think it's because I've opened inwardly - I just feel like the world's my oyster." Reducing stress also helped Evonne maintain a youthful appearance, having divorced at age 21 in 1958, she decided to re-evaluate her life. She then found the transcendental meditation technique (a form of silent mantra meditation) which helped her find "inner bliss" - since then it's been "up, up, up".