As energy bills keep skyrocketing, small businesses are growing concerned about what the next Prime Minister will do. Ahead of what could be a catastrophic winter, business leaders from across the brewing and pub industry signed an open letter to the Government, warning small businesses will close and jobs will be lost if the next Prime Minister fails to take immediate action on energy bills for businesses. Pub owner Simon Clearly says this winter could be even "worse than the pandemic". When Nigel Farage noted the industry has already been through a pandemic, Mr Clearly said: "But I think this is worse, Nigel. "I think this is worse than the pandemic." Nigel Farage asked: "This is worse than being closed?" Mr Clearly said: "Well, when we were closed very quickly the government came out and offered some support in the form of grants and reduced VAT, which helped us to get us through that." "But at the moment, of course, the government are saying nothing. You could argue at the moment we don’t have a government," Mr Clearly mocked. A grinning Nigel Farage then slashed: "Some will argue this has been the case for some time." Between laughter, Mr Clearly said: "That could be a point but certainly, there’s nothing coming out of government at the moment. Referring to the next Prime Minister who will be elected next Monday, Mr Clearly said: "We need to see who gets in on Monday. And whoever that is, they need to do something for small businesses." READ MORE: Save energy with power meter plug that's 'vital in these times' "And this is not just about pubs!" Mr Clearly erupted, adding: "Fish and chips shops, local pottery people that make pots that use a lot of gas to run their furnaces. "Every small business in this country is going to suffer this winter. But I think pubs are going to have it particularly bad." When pressed on what would happen if small business do not get a cap on energy bills, Mr Cearly said: "Carnage. "And I’m not overstating that. I think it will be carnage this winter." DON'T MISS:Soaring energy bills 'more devastating than covid' for British pubs [REPORT]POLL: Should the UK invest more in nuclear power? [POLL]This chimney draught excluder reduces household energy bills by £177 [REPORT] Despite mounting pressure to come up with an energy plan and offer relief to struggling households, frontrunner Tory leadership candidate Liz Truss has so far ruled out handouts. Instead, she has pledged to cut National Insurance and green levies on bills. Besides cutting VAT on energy bills, her rival Rishi Sunak has pledged to find up to £10billion to help the most vulnerable households. Energy regulator Ofgem will hike the energy price cap on households bills by 80 percent from October 1, meaning the typical household will pay £3,549 a year in gas and electricity bills. READ NEXT:Woman rates energy efficient kitchen appliancesBritons with prepay meters could be hit with £700 a month energy bills‘Won’t have homes to heat!’ Britons share worries about rising billsScholz in major swipe at Putin as Germany dismantles gas threat Change the Tory leadership rules to get Boris back in No.10 - LETTERS