Manchester United have two more alternatives to Frenkie de Jong in addition to Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans, according to reports. The Barcelona star has been Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target throughout the summer window so far. However, with Chelsea now keen to hijack a deal, a move to Old Trafford looks unlikelier than ever. Manchester United have spent over three months trying to sign De Jong, with the Netherlands international previously playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. But Chelsea have started to register their interest in the midfielder, with Thomas Tuchel willing to welcome the 25-year-old to Stamford Bridge as he targets the Premier League title. With United’s deal for De Jong hanging in the balance, both Neves and Tielemans have been strongly linked. Neves has been on the Red Devils’ radar for some time, now, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer previously considering the Wolves star during his time in the Old Trafford dugout. And Tielemans has emerged as an option at a time where his Leicester contract is winding down, with the Belgium international having just 12 months left on his current deal over at the King Power Stadium. Now, according to The Athletic, United are also admirers of Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But there’s a sense deals for the West Ham and Borussia Dortmund players would have to wait a year. West Ham have made it clear they’d want £100million to let Rice go, with the England international considered as one of the best midfielders of his generation. That United don’t have Champions League football to offer the 23-year-old, too, represents another issue. And with the Hammers in Europe, having qualified for the UEFA Conference League last term, they’re under no incentive to sell. Borussia Dortmund had an underwhelming campaign last term, clocking up just 69 points from their 34 Bundesliga games. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join But they still qualified for the Champions League by finishing second, behind champions and dominant force Bayern Munich. That means they don’t need to let Bellingham go, especially after just two years at the Westfalenstadion. They’ve already lost Erling Haaland this summer, with the Norway international joining Manchester City after 36 months at the club. And Bellingham, just like Rice, looks set to stay at his current team for the upcoming season. With deals for the pair looking tricky, it’ll be fascinating to see what United do should they end up missing out on De Jong. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And, if they do, it will have similarities to what happened with Cesc Fabregas back in the summer transfer window of 2013. That year, Ed Woodward wanted to sign the midfielder from Barcelona as the perfect welcome gift for David Moyes - who had been named as Sir Alex Ferguson’s replacement. United believed a deal could be done for Fabregas, who had sometimes struggled to get into Barcelona’s XI ahead of Xavi, Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets at the time. Yet their pursuit ended up failing, with the Spain international turning down a move to Old Trafford in order to stay in Catalonia. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former Aston Villa star Gabriel Agbonlahor recently implored United to give the Barcelona star an ultimatum. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It’s going to come to the stage where Man United need to have some self-respect,” Agbonlahor said. “A club of Man United’s stature, how have they fallen where De Jong has said ‘Let me keep you on hold and make my mind up in a couple of months’. “That isn’t how Man United are used to being treated, usually it’s ‘I’ll sign for Man United, let’s get it done’. “It’s a bit embarrassing for them the longer it goes on, to be honest. “Maybe they’ve got to give him an ultimatum and say ‘There is this date. You either sign or we are moving on to other players’.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here