Charles Leclerc believes his rivalry with Max Verstappen is a "different battle" to the Dutchman's "tense" fight with Lewis Hamilton last season. Verstappen and Hamilton battled it out last year, with the Red Bull driver eventually winning his first F1 world championship in controversial fashion by just eight points. This year, however, Verstappen and Leclerc have been the two frontrunners for most of the season, although Leclerc has now fallen behind Sergio Perez in the driver standings and is 98 points behind the defending champion. When asked about his rivalry with Verstappen, Leclerc told Corriere della Sera: "I like to face Max, we have a similar level of aggression. We have fun with respect. "I'm not saying that last year there was no respect between Max and Lewis, but it seemed like a different battle than ours. But if we were to get to the end of the championship very close on points, the situation would be much more tense than now." JUST IN: Verstappen warned to expect same complaints as Hamilton and Schumacher The pair have a long history of competing against each other, having been rivals on the karting circuit before competing against each other in F1. Speaking at Imola, which hosted the fourth Grand Prix of the season, Leclerc admitted that he and Verstappen "hated each other at one point" while karting but they have now both "matured a lot". "It's always been very close, especially in the junior categories," Leclerc said. "In karting I remember it was either me or him, and that's why we hated each other at one point, because very often it didn't end in the best way possible. But it was good times. "I think we just have very, two very different styles of driving. Sometimes one will win, sometimes the other might, but it's fun. I like it. DON'T MISSJames Hunt warned by rival: ‘You will not survive!’Hamilton and Schumacher may be set to lose F1 records to VerstappenLewis Hamilton bites back at Alonso over Belgian GP radio rant "It's a very different situation [now]. We have matured a lot, we are much older. At this time there were episodes which make us hate each other, I'm pretty sure, in some occasions. But then you grow up. "Obviously, we've both achieved one of our dreams, which was to arrive in Formula 1. And at that time, it was just a dream. Everything looked impossible. So, it's great now to be fighting in Formula 1, and there's a lot of respect for each other. It has changed for sure."