When designing a room, homeowners would be forgiven for forgetting about their ceiling. This fixture is, naturally, a permanent feature of any room – and it can feel notoriously hard to refresh. However, while it may seem that this is less impactful than painted walls or flooring, they are, in fact, highly influential in your space. As the highest point of any room, ceilings radiate magnificence – no matter the size of your space. This powerful feature is more than architectural – it is a canvas to (consider) playing with another colour – and a base for lighting. Those working with kitchen, bedroom, or living room ceiling ideas, the process of perfecting this feature begins with knowing what to avoid. From the way you use your lighting to your ceiling's texture, these are the top mistakes experts steer away from when it comes to the highest point of your room. Removing popcorn ceilings may seem like a challenge; however, with the right preparation and tools, you can banish this retro classic for good. “Avoid or eliminate popcorn ceilings at all costs,” warns Jill Shavlin, the lead designer at Jill Shevlin Design. The designer adds that ceilings appear “very dated and unappealing” when covered in this design – meaning it is better left outside your scheme. READ MORE: ‘Great way’ to create the illusion of space in your home - how to guid Recessed lighting has its benefits – most primarily because it can illuminate a space without feeling intrusive. However, in all its benefits, experts warn that excess recessed lighting can have a negative impact on your space and, most significantly, your ceiling. Jill advised: “Try to manage the number of holes in the ceiling – it's easy to go overboard with recessed lighting and create 'Swiss cheese' on the ceiling.” So, while recessed lighting will always work in some spaces, it is better to avoid adding too many holes in your ceiling for a feature that will stand the test of time for longer. DON'T MISS: ‘Key thing’ to remember when watering plants during a heatwave [EXPERT]The ‘best way’ to tell when hydrangeas need pruning - how to guide [TIPS]Clean walls and remove odours with speedy baking soda hack [COMMENT] The range of ceiling paint combination stretches far beyond basic white and magnolia – though – the appeal behind this enduring shade is understandable, too. However, while white will never go out of style, Jill urges Britons not to forget other colours on your “fifth wall” as this space can dramatically change the impact of a room. She said: “The obvious ceiling colour is white, but there are times when another colour should be considered. “For instance, with pitched ceilings, the ceiling can be painted the same colour as the wall.” READ MORE: ‘Effective’ 99p method to naturally repel mice from homes It may seem inevitable that your ceiling will sit in proportion to the other elements in the room. However, interior designer Emily Che warned that this is not always the case. She said: “If you have tall windows, you'll want to ensure your ceiling is high enough to balance out their height. “Likewise, if you have low ceilings, you'll want to be careful not to select light fixtures or ceiling fans that are too large or bulky, as they will make the space feel even more cramped.” Another mistake people make is forgetting about acoustics when it comes to their ceilings. This is especially important in a media room, as you will need to ensure your ceiling is properly insulated to help reduce noise. Emily explained: “Likewise, if you have hardwood floors, you may want to add a rug to help absorb sound. “Or, if you have a home office, you may want to install acoustic panels on the ceiling to help reduce noise.”