A Vauxhall Corsa has been left with dozens of angry messages duct taped to it after the car blocked access to a house. It is believed to have been parked in Dovecot, Liverpool, and is claimed to have prevented one home's skip from being collected apparently costing the fuming neighbour money in extra charges. The car was plastered with angrily typed-out pieces of paper, describing it as “selfish idiotic parking”. The note added: “Parking right next to a bulging skip that's due to be collected today has cost me a lot of time and money.” It continued, saying that the Vauxhall had parked in front of the property shortly after 8am. The note claimed that the “bulging” skip was meant to have been collected on the day (yesterday), but had been blocked in. READ MORE: Drivers should use obscure button to keep car cool and save fuel The driver said he had “spent hours” knocking on every house and asking in the shop about the owner. It finished by saying it was now 2pm and the Corsa was still blocking the skip. As a result, the homeowner claimed they would have to pay extra charges because of the “selfish stupidity”. The note was ended with bold capital letters once again, saying: “Do not park in front of my property again.” DON'T MISSSimple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin [INSIGHT]Drivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to use car button properly or risk 'worse' fuel economy [WARNING] After the letter was posted on social media, drivers were conflicted as to who was in the wrong. One user said: “It’s not illegal to park in front of somebody’s property.” Another person added in response: "Unless it was blocking a dropped kerb. They never made that clear," Liverpool Echo reported. It is not illegal to park across a driveway if there is a dropped kerb. However, if the wheel is over the dropped kerb, they are committing a driving offence. There are two types of dropped kerbs: those for pedestrians, especially those with buggies or in wheelchairs, and those for drivers to access driveways. Vehicles parked across dropped kerbs can be ticketed, even if they're not fully blocking it. Parking very close to a dropped kerb or directly opposite it isn't illegal, even if it restricts access. If the car is causing an obstruction in the road, then the police can be involved. Rule 243 of the Highway Code states that drivers should not stop or park in front of an entrance or a property. Despite this, many said the homeowner was in the wrong, especially by using duct tape to stick the notes to the car. One person pointed out that the heat could have melted the duct tape onto the car. They said: "Won't be easy getting that duct tape off with the heat melting it." Another user said the frustrated homeowner might be getting a bill for car repairs too.