Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has dealt with many dramas since his decision to become a farmer, and in a column from last year, he detailed the frantic experience of having to deal with his cows trying to break out of Diddly Squat Farm. The Grand Tour star told the story of how some of his calves had tried to run away, forcing him to seek help from neighbouring farmers. He said, in November, that “all his veal” had escaped, and he had to hunt them down with his amateur tracking skills. The presenter wrote: “They’d tried, like Harrison Ford in The Fugitive and Tim Robbins in The Shawshank Redemption, to throw me off their scent. “They went walking down a stream, but at some point they’d had to get back on the bank and immediately I was on to them once more.” Jeremy said it was at that point he then received a call from a neighbouring farmer to say the cows had been found in his field. READ MORE: TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son  The farmer kindly herded them into his yard, where they awaited collection. He added in his column for The Sunday Times: “A cow is like a deer or a sniper: it’s able to blend in. “You could be right on top of it and simply not know.” It wasn’t the first time his cows had caused him trouble on the fields. The star previously admitted he was left with “smashed testicles” after one of his cows “kicked" him. In another column for the publication, he wrote that the animal had tried to “kill me”. The former Top Gear star had mistakenly tried to entice his cows with “a bag full of cow treats” before realising they were pasture fed. Jeremy wrote: “It's said a cow cannot kick backwards but I can testify to the fact that this isn't true. READ MORE... Amanda Holden 51 oozes sex appeal as she steps out of ocean in bikini [PIC] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [NEWS] 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT] “A cow can kick in any direction. "They are like Bruce Lee, only more deadly and determined. “Having failed to connect with her hoofs, she went for another tack - putting her head between my legs and then raising it smartly.” Before long, the star said he was on his knees in the mud with “cross eyes”. He joked that the task of retrieving his cows was impossible and compared it to “trying to push Westminster Abbey". Jeremy said it was the worst farming experience he has ever had at the time, leaving him “miserable.” Season one of Clarkson’s Farm aired in June 2021, and follows Jeremy’s attempts to run a farm in the country. The second season of the show is expected to be released either at the end of this year, or the start of 2023.