Black Sabbath were formed in Birmingham in 1968 and gave their final concert in their home city back in 2017. However, in the years since, both Ozzy Osbourne and Tony Iommi expressed enthusiasm about performing at the 2022 Commonwealth Games there. That wish became a reality last night for the pair, along with their old tour band members Tommy Clufetos and Adam Wakeman. Tony, who performed at the opening ceremony in Birmingham, took to the stage for the closing show with a melody of Iron Man before Ozzy’s surprise appearance. The 73-year-old singer hasn’t performed live for almost three years, following a Parkinson’s disease diagnosis and a major operation in June that his wife Sharon said would “determine the rest of his life”. Speaking with ET Online at Comic-Con last month, the Prince of Darkness said: “It's great, it's great. I like to see people, you know. That's been the hardest thing of the past three years, because I've been trying to recover from my surgery. I'm getting there. It's a slow climb back, you know?” Rising on a stage platform, Ozzy shouted: “I love you, Birmingham – it’s good to be back!” The Black Sabbath legend then sang Paranoid with Tony, 74, on guitar in what could be their final live performance together. The band’s bassist Geezer Butler, who performed at their 2017 last gig couldn’t make it, but the rendition was still an epic tribute to their home city. Queen guitarist Brian May was especially affected by seeing the duo back together in a touching post on Instagram. READ MORE: Brian May celebrates Roger Taylor birthday and Queen tour end in style Brian wrote: “That’s the way to do it !!! Must say I got a bit emotional seeing Ozzy and Iommi on stage together again. Epic !!! Bri.” The singer’s new solo album Patient Number 9 is set for release on September 9 with the title track and music video featuring Jeff Beck already out. Meanwhile, the Prince of Darkness’ No More Tours II, which had been postponed due to the pandemic and the star’s ill health is set to resume in May 2023. DON'T MISSBlack Sabbath REUNION? Geezer Butler 'sad Bill Ward not at last show' [BLACK SABBATH]Ozzy Osbourne: Black Sabbath bassist on what he was REALLY like [OZZY]Black Sabbath EXCLUSIVE: Children Of The Grave at FINAL gig – WATCH [FINAL GIG] Ozzy will be performing six shows in the UK in May and June, kicking off with Nottingham on May 31 and Newcastle on June 2. Then it’s Glasgow on June 4, Manchester on June 7 and London’s O2 Arena on June 12. His big finale and possible final concert ever will be June 14 back in Birmingham once again at Resorts World Arena. To book tickets click here. SOURCE