Frenkie de Jong's future remains up in the air as both Chelsea and Manchester United remain in the hunt to sign the Barcelona star. The 25-year-old continues to be linked with a transfer to the Premier League despite reports that the Dutchman is happy to stay in Catalonia. But issues concerning deferred wages and Barcelona's need to sell him has given the English duo hope. As the saga drags on in the final weeks of the transfer window, Express Sport looks at the latest news concerning De Jong's proposed switch. Chelsea are reportedly ‘pushing’ for De Jong but find some resistance from Barcelona, according to CBS Sport's Ben Jacobs. President Joan Laporta has once again publicly stated that Barcelona want to keep him and reiterated De Jong’s desire to remain in Catalonia, but that may be all for show. The Blues are confident of being able to strike a deal due to the Blaugrana’s precarious financial situation, with the La Liga giants apparently needing to sell to register their new signings. They are also thought to be De Jong’s favoured option in choosing between Chelsea and Manchester United. However, the west London outfit have been stung before when negotiating with the Spanish club after losing out on Raphinha and Jules Kounde. And that means they won’t make a concrete move for De Jong until he makes clear he is keen on joining, while Barca’s approach to receiving a bid could also encourage them to step up their efforts. READ MORE: Boehly's Chelsea promise is good news for Tuchel and hints at deals Barcelona’s attempts to raise funds to pay off their debt have majorly backfired to the extent that the Catalan giants could be forced to sell players just to pay for their mistake. Last month, Barcelona announced that global investment firm Sixth Street had purchased 25 per cent of the club’s TV rights for the next 25 years, giving them a healthy cash injection. But, according to Spanish radio station Cope, £126million of the £561m transaction price was funded by the club themselves. The club reportedly inflated the value of the sale of 25 per cent of their TV rights by jointly funding the purchase through a holding company they set up. As a result, La Liga are now refusing to accept the money Barcelona put into the sale as new income. To make matters worse, Barcelona’s payment has been deemed to be legal and will be viewed as legitimate income by Spain’s taxman. It means the club will have to pay a £31.5m tax bill on money invested by themselves that cannot be counted towards adhering to La Liga’s financial regulations, only exacerbating the financial chaos they find themselves in. DON'T MISSDe Jong ‘has told two people Chelsea info’ as Man Utd push for dealMan Utd 'do not expect' De Jong transfer as concern emergesMan Utd 'have made De Jong transfer promise' as Rabiot becomes target Manchester United are pressing ahead with a move for Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot in the event that they miss out on De Jong. The Red Devils have approached his club Juventus for talks over an £18m fee and according to The Manchester Evening News, the two clubs have struck an agreement. Rabiot’s contract expires in 10 months, meaning United were able to negotiate from a position of strength. However, one issue that could prevent the deal going through is the fact Rabiot is represented by his mother, Veronique. While reports in France suggest personal terms are yet to be discussed, Rabiot is keen on a move to Old Trafford. The presence of his mother in negotiations could cause some unrest. Veronique reportedly confronted Rabiot’s former PSG manager Laurent Blanc in a car park after her son was left out by the Frenchman.