Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has no plans to let club captain Harry Maguire leave before the September 1 transfer deadline. Maguire's uncertain squad status has prompted speculation over his future late in the summer window, but Ten Hag has a specific reason why he deems the 29-year-old important this season. The Dutchman made it clear that Maguire was to remain United skipper early on in his reign, despite his poor form last term and Cristiano Ronaldo's return garnering doubt over his credentials. And he started the first two Premier League games of the campaign alongside £57m signing Lisandro Martinez. However, Maguire failed to convince in the 2-1 and 4-0 defeats and, with Raphael Varane back to full fitness, was dropped for the Frenchman in Monday's victory against Liverpool at Old Trafford. He's expected to start on the bench again when United travel to Southampton on Saturday, which will only add fuel to the rumour mill. But, according to ESPN, Ten Hag is keen to keep Maguire within his ranks amid reported interest from Chelsea. The United boss wants four senior centre-backs available throughout what promises to be a hectic 2022/23 campaign, and he's just sanctioned Eric Bailly's departure to Marseille on loan with a potential £5million obligation to buy. JUST IN: Ajax respond to Man Utd's £76m bid for Antony as Erik ten Hag pushes  Bailly's exit leaves Ten Hag with Varane, Martinez, Maguire and Victor Lindelof as four options he will look to rotate this term. Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe are still at the club, but both are available for transfer, signalling their absence from the Dutchman's vision. Suppose Varane and Martinez continue as Ten Hag's first-choice centre-back partnership. In that case, Maguire could be pressured to consider his options ahead of the winter World Cup in Qatar. And while Chelsea struggle to prize £80m-rated Wesley Fofana away from Leicester, the former Foxes defender is reportedly in their sights as a cheaper alternative. READ MORE: Man Utd icon Van der Sar makes 'rare' move to rescue Antony talks  Ten Hag will aim to challenge on all fronts in his maiden season as United boss after being tasked with ending the club's torrid five-year trophy drought. The Red Devils last tasted silverware in 2017 when Jose Mourinho guided them to a League Cup and Europa League double in his first campaign at the helm. Back in the Europa League this term, European glory, alongside the League Cup and FA Cup, are Ten Hag's best chance of success at the start of his rebuild. And he will need to use all four corners of his squad if he is to do so, which bodes well for Maguire's game time despite his current situation. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here