Inflation in France is set to cause a 10 percent price increase on supermarket shelves on average. The product categories whose prices have risen the most so far are meat, poultry and charcuterie. A jump of 24.5 percent for meat and poultry, 18 percent for pasta.  Products sold in supermarkets are hit hard by inflation, which reached around 7 percent on the shelves in August over a year, and could climb to 10 percent by the end of 2022. The benchmark supermarket sales panellist NielsenIQ noted in a statement on Thursday that inflation "did not go on holidays in July/August", with the average price of so-called FMCG products - those households regularly buy in supermarkets - rising by 6.6 percent in August. NielsenIQ, according to which all product categories were sold at higher prices in August than a year earlier, noted: "A 10 percent inflation outlook by the end of 2022 is confirmed." NielsenIQ also notes that prices for first-price and "private label" products, i.e. those created by the chains that market them, have increased by three points more than national brand products. This is mainly due to the fact that production costs and agricultural raw materials, which have been highly inflationary since mid-2021, account for a larger share of their price than national brands, where marketing expenses are more important. In June, the Inflation Observatory estimated the impact of these 7 percent price increases at €30 of additional expenditure per household per month. To cope with this, consumers are moving downmarket, cutting out certain products that are considered less important, or turning to brands that are considered better value for money. Economy minister Bruno Le Maire said on Wednesday that "we should not expect any improvement on the inflation front before the beginning of 2023". He added: "We don't have a scenario on the table today that predicts double-digit inflation in France." READ MORE: Liz Truss will judge Macron on his deeds  In France, "in the coming weeks and months, until the end of 2022, we will continue to have very high prices. Then at the beginning of 2023, at least that's what we expect, in the first quarter of 2023, we should start to see prices and inflation fall. It will happen gradually," said Mr Le Maire. In an interview with the daily Sud-Ouest published on Sunday, the minister said that France was "at the peak of inflation". As a result, "it is now that we must help the French the most" before targeting aid "on those who need it the most" from 2023, he explained. Regarding the risk of recession in the eurozone, Mr Le Maire said on France 5 that "everything will depend on Vladimir Putin's decisions on gas". He continued: "If he decides to cut off gas to the EU and the eurozone, we estimate the impact on growth, for France alone, at half a point of GDP, and probably more for other economies more dependent on Russian gas than us. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Truss poised to press trigger in first action as PM [LIVE BLOG]'You've done b***** all!' Woman storms Steve Barclay interview [VIDEO]Putin to launch 'suicidal strikes' in 'drastic' last ditch effort [INSIGHT] "It is on the issue of Russian gas that part of the growth in Europe will be played out in the coming months," according to the minister. Growth in the eurozone was 0.6 percent in the second quarter compared to the previous quarter, and 0.5 percent in France. But private sector activity contracted in August in the eurozone, and also in France, although less strongly, according to PMI indices published on Tuesday by S&P Global. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega