Nick Kyrgios may have progressed in the Canadian Open with a straight-sets win over Sebastian Baez, but it was the Argentine who gave his opponent a 'taste of his own medicine' towards the end of the match with an incredible tweener lob. Kyrgios had little time to rest following his historic singles and doubles titles from the Citi Open last week heading into the Canadian Open. The Aussie was also handed a difficult draw with Daniil Medvedev waiting for the winner of his opening match in the second round. But Kyrgios still had to contend with Baez, who is ranked a career-high 32nd in the world following a breakout year. The 27-year-old showed no signs of stopping his impressive form of late though as he quickly got the double break in the opening set. Despite dropping his serve later in the first, Kyrgios still managed to hold on to take the first set. And Kyrgios practically had the match all wrapped up when he got the all-important break midway through the second set. At that point, both players appeared to play with a bit more freedom, particularly Baez.  The Argentine tennis star was still playing with a smile on his face despite his losing position. And he got the crowd out of their seats during Kyrgios' service game at 4-3 up. Kyrgios had approached the net with a deep volley and Baez stunned everyone watching with an audacious tweener lob attempt. The Aussie quickly realised that the lob was landing in and scampered back towards the baseline but couldn't prevent his opponent from taking the point.  Baez lapped up the applause from the crowd and even waved his arms in the air for more noise. Kyrgios clearly loved it too as he was seen smiling back towards Baez. The commentator said: "It could be one of the shots of the week. It could be one of the shots of the year. Giving Nick Kyrgios a taste of his own medicine." Kyrgios has made the tweener a feature of his play on the ATP Tour and regularly used the technique at Wimbledon. During his explosive clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas, Kyrgios made everyone take a second look when he pulled off an underarm tweener serve to hold serve.