Manchester United chief John Murtough has opened up on the club's decision to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid. The Brazil international has moved to Old Trafford in a huge £60million deal. And he's now been unveiled to fans ahead of their Premier League clash with Liverpool. Manchester United have moved for Casemiro after cooling interest in Frenkie de Jong of Barcelona, who was initially their top transfer target for the summer window. The Brazil international has been unveiled to fans on Monday night ahead of the Red Devils’ crunch Premier League showdown with Liverpool. And Murtough has now opened up on United’s deal for the veteran. “Casemiro is a serial winner and one of the best midfielders in world football; his exceptional record speaks for itself,” he said. “He compliments the skillsets of the squad and will be a great addition to the dressing room with his experience, knowledge and character. “I know that Casemiro remains as determined as ever to be successful on the pitch and we look forward seeing that happen in a Manchester United shirt.” Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Casemiro himself said: “The opportunity to start a new challenge at Manchester United and in the Premier League is extremely exciting. “I have worked with many great managers in my career and, having met with Erik and heard his ideas, I can’t wait to work closely with him, his staff and my new teammates in the coming years. “I’m ending one beautiful journey in Madrid whilst starting another in Manchester as determined as ever to win football matches, win trophies and make our fans proud by bringing success to this great club. “Everybody knows the history of Manchester United, the significance of the club around the world and what it means to its supporters. “To represent United is an honour and I am ready to give everything to help the team achieve our ambitions.” DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Earlier in the day, Casemiro bid an emotional farewell to Madrid. “I’d like to thank you with all my heart,” he said. “When my wife and I arrived here, we didn’t know anyone, it was a new country for us. We wanted to build our life here and our future, and our family. “I’ve won a lot of titles here but obviously without my mum, brothers, my wife and my beautiful children, it wouldn’t have been possible. Without the club as well, and everyone who is here today. “I want to make it clear one day that I will come back here to show how special everyone is here to me and to help this club with anything.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Real Madrid chief Florentino Perez also paid tribute to the Samba star. “You’re joining a legendary club in Manchester United to continue to make history,” he said. “Wherever you are in the future, you will always be an example. Here, you have achieved so much, and you will always have the respect of the Madridistas. “You are leaving the club as a Real Madrid legend.” Casemiro could make his debut when United face off against Southampton on Saturday (12.30pm). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here