Arsenal have been given some food for thought in their pursuit of a new central midfielder with Valencia's move for Arthur Melo reportedly at risk of collapse. The Brazilian was identified as a top target by Edu and Mikel Arteta back in January when the Gunners explored a swoop for the Juventus star. Yet Juve were reluctant to sanction a deal until they signed a replacement and the transfer would later collapse. Much like Houssem Aouar, Arsenal have not shown any desire to return to the table for the former Barcelona man, who has fallen out of favour in Turin. Arthur had looked set for a loan move to Valencia but according to Fabrizio Romano, the deal is at risk of collapse. The transfer expert tweeted: "Valencia will complete Nico deal on Thursday, documents signed with Barcelona and medical scheduled - no agreement for Arthur Melo with Juventus, deal could collapse." READ MORE: Arsenal working on 'complicated and slow' transfer agreement following agent meeting The development could potentially hand Arsenal the chance to reconsider a move for Arthur with Edu still keen to sign another central midfielder for Arteta's squad. Arsenal are currently prioritising outgoings as they look to generate some additional transfer funds. Once that has been achieved, the club are expected to explore the signings of another winger and midfielder, although the identity of their targets are unknown. Arteta has already confirmed that Arsenal are looking to add more recruits to their squad despite already making five signings. READ MOREMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Chelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham deal He said after the 2-0 win at Crystal Palace: "There are a few things we have planned [in the transfer market], and if we can do them it would be great." Youri Tielemans continues to be linked with a move to Arsenal but the Gunners are yet to make their move. The Belgian is now in the final 12 months of his Leicester contract, meaning he could be available at a cut price. Tielemans is keen to explore a new challenge but unless there is movement, he will stay at the King Power Stadium. Should a new midfield signing arrive, Albert Sambi Lokonga could potentially be in line for a loan move. Italian giants AC Milan have been linked with a swoop for the youngster, who is in need of regular game time following his 2021 move to north London from Belgian giants Anderlecht. Arsenal youngster Charlie Patino has sealed a season-long loan move to Blackpool.