HBO’s highly anticipated fantasy drama House of the Dragon landed on Sunday with its premiere. However, the episode left viewers disgruntled after a traumatic birthing scene, which many believed should’ve had a trigger warning.   Fans were thrilled when the Game of Thrones spin-off made its debut as they would finally get an insight into the Targaryen civil war. The drama was set 200 years before Game of Thrones and followed the story of King Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine). His story would eventually lead to Daenerys Targaryen's (Emilia Clarke) exile, which dominated the storyline for the original series. Despite the anticipation, many viewers criticised the show for its lack of a trigger warning. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected     The series is based on George RR Martin’s novel Fire and Blood, which details the bloodline and the feud which was sparked by King Viserys’ decision to choose his daughter as heir. The episode revealed that his decision came after immense hardship which led to the unexpected death of his loved ones. His wife Queen Aemma Arryn (Sian Brook) was in labour and unbeknownst to them, about to give birth to their first son and the next king of Westeros. However, things soon took a turn for the worse after the King was told the baby was breech and the only way to deliver the baby would be by cutting directly into the womb.   What followed after was an unprecedented amount of blood loss which led to Aemma’s shocking death. Then eventually, their son Baelon also died, leaving King Viserys and his daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Milly Alcock). Many viewers took to social media with anger at the graphic scene labelling it triggering. In agreement with the outrage, some charities believed the episode should have warned viewers at the beginning of the show. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon episode 2: What time is The Rogue Prince out? [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon star on prickly relationship with Daemon Targaryen [INSIGHT] The director of the bereavement support charity Sands, Jen Coates stated: “I think it’s fairly traumatic for anybody actually. “With 13 babies dying every day in the UK, the situation impacts an enormous community of people directly too.” Jen also highlighted the importance of shows such as House of the Dragon, letting viewers know what will be shown. Jen told the BBC: “That way, people can be better equipped with the knowledge and make an informed decision to watch or skip particular scenes or episodes.”  John Whipple, the creator of the trigger spoiler website Doesthedogdie.com also commented on the lack of warning during the premiere. "He shared that shows should “tailor the warnings to each user, possibly even recommending what to watch based on a user’s specific triggers.” However, showrunner Miguel Sapochnik hit back at the backlash and told Popsugar he had shown the scene to many women before deciding to include it. Despite the reaction from viewers, House of the Dragon proved to be a hit as it broke records and became the most-watched HBO premiere in history, with 10 million viewers tuning in. House of the Dragon continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.