Coronation Street newcomer Stu Carpenter (played by Bill Fellows) has been having a bad time of late, especially after his love Yasmeen Nazir (Shelley King) discovered his dark past. Yasmeen, who has been unlucky in love in the ITV soap, discovered Stu killed a woman 27 years ago and has been left totally heartbroken by his lies ever since. Stu explained 27 years ago he had an affair behind his wife Lucy Woodrow's (Lynda Rooke) back and when the woman was found dead, he became the prime suspect. He went on to tell Yasmeen the authorities didn't give him a fair trial and he was tortured while in custody. However, during Wednesday night's episode, everything came to a head when Stu was arrested by Craig Tinker (Colson Smith). Before the arrest happened, Stu tried to claim his innocence and pleaded with Yasmeen to believe him. READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit Stu said: "If you can't forgive me for an affair that I had a long time ago when I should have known better then, so be it." "You're doing it again," Yasmeen replied as Stu continued: "I thought we trusted each other. "If I abused that trust by not telling you about the greatest disaster in my life, then I am truly truly sorry." As Stu tried to continue, Zeedan (Qasim Akhtar) burst into the lounge with Craig.  "How did you get in?" Zeedan raged at Stu before he dug into his pocket and took out a key. However, in doing so, his watch fell onto the floor, which didn't go unnoticed by Yasmeen. "I am just telling the truth," Stu fumed as Craig warned him: "Stay right there. This is your last warning." "You lot tortured me," Stu shouted at Craig before the officer explained he was being arrested for breach of the peace. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe [REACTION] Scarlette Douglas’ brother shares concerns over new role [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'in tears' as 'hero' helps elderly with free handiwork  [VIDEO] As they watched the scenes unfold, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts and theories on why Yasmeen threw Stu's watch away. Many believe the watch could reveal who really killed Stu's former lover and prove his innocence. Krissy Boi tweeted: “DONT BIN THE WATCH!!! That's probably got the DNA evidence on it that clears Stu. Can't see any other reason to draw attention to it!” “Don’t chuck his watch away," Dion went on to plead. Melissa went on to add: "I feel like the watch is engraved or something." Lilith Winchester said: "Yasmeen has got the whole all men are to be feared syndrome so I can't hate a character after her past. "That said, Stu needs someone on his side & there was no need to bin the watch, could've past it to Craig to give back to Stu." (sic) While User Monkey added: "How b****y mean Yasmeen putting the watch in the bin." "Chucking Stu’s watch in the bin is so nasty…," Teena wrote. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.