Chelsea are closer than Liverpool to securing the late signing of Barcelona midfielder and Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Dutchman has been linked with a potential move away from the Nou Camp all summer long, with United having been locked in negotiations with Barcelona for a number of months but to no avail. Chelsea have also been credited with a desire to land De Jong, while Liverpool are believed to have joined the battle to snap him up as a result of their ongoing injury crisis in the middle of the park. However, the Reds are lagging behind their west London counterparts after failing to open talks with Barcelona as of yet, according to Fabrizio Romano.It is claimed that Liverpool are yet to firm up their interest in a move for De Jong, who remains tied down to Barcelona until the summer of 2026. Chelsea are said to be the most likely club to land the 25-year-old as a result, with the Blues still hopeful of thrashing out a deal before Thursday's all-important transfer deadline."From what I am told there are no negotiations between Barcelona and Liverpool for Frenkie," said Romano on his YouTube channel. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo agent makes 'assurance' to Napoli about Osimhen "Also, the salary of Frenkie de Jong is a huge one so it is not easy to sign with a different salary structure they have at Liverpool. Let me say that my feeling is that Chelsea are the club really pushing for Frenkie de Jong."It seems as though Liverpool will need to step up their pursuit of De Jong by kickstarting talks with Barcelona to stand any chance of beating Chelsea to his signature over the coming days. The Reds are said to be in the market for the addition of a new midfielder in order to provide some extra cover in the middle of the pitch, with the likes of Thiago Alcantara, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain all sidelined through injury as things stand.Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp revealed earlier this week that he would be looking to improve his creative ranks between now and the end of the window before insisting that panic-buying will not be an option for the Merseyside giants if they cannot find the right player to suit their needs. "I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder and you were all right and I was wrong, that’s the situation," Klopp told reporters when quizzed on the possibility of dipping back into the transfer market on short notice."But the specific point doesn’t change, we will do something but it has to be the right one. We are actually working constantly on these things, sometimes too expensive, sometimes not the right player, sometimes the situation changes."We are working and will see if something will happen or not, I don’t know. We are looking and if it is the right player we need him, if it is not the right player we don’t need him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here