BBC Weather's Matt Taylor warned temperatures are set to drop to 5C on Tuesday morning with sunny spells expected later in the day. Wednesday and Thursday will continue to be bright with spells of sunshine however there will be variable amounts of patchy cloud and a threat of some showers developing. He said: "Rural parts could get down to 5C or 6C as we start Tuesday morning. "It will be a bright start for many with one or two showers in Scotland and towards the Isle of Mann but some sunny spells breaking through. "Temperatures are still limited on those eastern coasts as 15C to 17C for some. "It's up to around 23C to 24C across the southwest and south Wales once again. "Into Wednesday, probably a bit more sunshine around. Still the chance of one or two showers developing in northern England but with winds lighter in the north. A chillier start for Scotland. READ MORE: UK weather: Atlantic blast to batter country with thunder and floods "First chance of some change on Friday with showers arriving in Northern Ireland later in the day and that's linked to this area of low pressure which will bring some bigger changes for the weekend. "Drifting its way southwards and joining forces with one in France, it's going to pick up the wind in Scotland, Northern Ireland and northern England. "Strong gusts of up to 40mph at times and we're likely to see outbreaks of heavy and thundery rain mainly across western areas. "We'll see more rain across the south as we head into Sunday." It comes as July's heatwave set a new record for overnight temperatures, with the thermometer going through the night without falling below 26.8C in one location, the Met Office said. The new highest daily minimum temperature was recorded at Shirburn Model Farm in Oxfordshire on July 19 at 4:32am. That means the temperature never went below that level over a 24-hour period, setting a new record for the UK, the Met Office said. The Met Office has already verified the UK's new hottest temperature record of 40.3C in Coningsby, Lincolnshire, set later in the day on July 19 - the first time the mercury smashed through the 40C threshold in the country. DON'T MISS UK rain radar: When will it rain this week? Stormy system on horizon [INSIGHT]Furious driver slams Tesla car for losing five percent of charge [VIDEO]UK storm forecast: Britain threatened by torrent of downpours [ANALYSIS] The data from some weather stations is reported more slowly than others, which is why the new record for the daily minimum has only just been verified, replacing the previous record of 25.8C set at Kenley Airfield on the same day. Heatwaves are being made more intense, frequent and likely by climate change, with the UK exceeding previous temperature records by significant amounts in July's unprecedented searing heat. Met Office data quality manager, John Penman, said: "This new record is another reminder of just how severe the heat was in July. "What is remarkable is just how much this has surpassed the previous record, exceeding the August 1990 record of 23.9C by nearly three degrees. "Much like the daytime highs, the overnight temperatures have smashed the previous records during a period of unprecedented heat in the UK."