AMC’s hit thriller Better Call Saul came to an end this week after first premiering in 2015. As the crime series was a spin-off of Netflix’s Breaking Bad, two of its iconic stars made a surprise comeback and Jesse Pinkman star Aaron Paul wrote an emotional goodbye to his character.  Breaking Bad followed the life of chemistry teacher Walter White (played by Bryan Cranston) who had been diagnosed with cancer. In order to take care of his medical bills, he teamed up with former student Jesse and made meth to create some financial freedom. However, as the series continued Walt’s motives soon turned dark as he became Alberquque’s biggest drug dealer, under the alias Heisenberg. After the show came to an end in 2013, the franchise expanded at introduced Better Call Saul two years later. READ MORE: Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' The spin-off told the story of Walt’s lawyer Jimmy McGill also known as Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) who appeared in season two. It followed Saul’s personal life and career as he went from an ex-con to an attorney and then became Saul Goodman, a corrupt lawyer. After months of speculation, Jesse and Walt made a surprise appearance during the season six episode titled Breaking Bad. As well as fans being overcome with tears, actor Aaron Paul opened up about his emotions as he reflected on the episode. READ MORE: Virgin River's Grayson Gurnsey pays tribute to star after exit  Following the finale, Aaron stated: “It’s kinda like reconnecting with a familiar friend. “You can be away from that friend for some time, but when you are back in each other’s company, it’s like no time has passed.” He continued: “We all know our characters so well having played them for years, so it felt good." “I love Pinkman, he will always have a special place inside of me, but I can confidently say that was the last time we’re going to see Pinkman. So it was a nice farewell,” he told The Hollywood Reporter DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul boss speaks out on axed Jimmy and Kim ending [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season finale: Marie actor Betsy Brandt returns [INSIGHT]  The episode opened up with Saul kidnapped in the back of Jesse and Walt’s meth RV pleading for his life. He was begging: “It wasn’t me! It was Ignacio! He’s the one!” However, as the episode continued the moments before this incident began to unravel. It showed Saul stumbling into the RV after he was convinced he would be left for dead in the desert. READ MORE: Better Call Saul: Deeper meaning behind finale flashback explained  At that moment, Walt had become Heisenberg as he gave instructions on how to cook meth, which lead Saul to press him for details about the famed blue drug. While Walt ignored his questions, Jesse showed interest in Saul's connections and asked: “So, who’s Lalo?” Jesse also had an encounter with Saul’s wife Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) outside the lawyer’s offices. The two had a cigarette together, as Kim had no idea she was standing next to the partner of Albuquerque’s dangerous new meth cook. Breaking Bad seasons 1-5 are available on Netflix 