Tiger Woods is flying to Wilmington ahead of the BMW Championship this week to hold sensational talks with PGA Tour players amid the LIV Golf controversy. The sport's civil war escalated further last week when it emerged that Open champion Cameron Smith was set to defect to the Saudi-backed tour, for a fee in the region of £118 million. The status quo has opted to sanction rebels by banning them from PGA Tour events, leading to Hudson Swafford, Talor Gooch and Matt Jones filing a lawsuit in an attempt to have the ban overturned to compete in the FedEx Cup Playoffs. However, their case was ruthlessly dismissed by a judge, who criticised the trio's hypocrisy. And the 2023 Ryder Cup already appears in jeopardy, with Henrik Stenson having been stripped of the European captaincy over his big money move, whilst a number of leading players on both sides are also ruled out. But Woods, who remains one of the most marketable stars in the sport, has resisted temptation - turning down an offer of around £600 million from Greg Norman. The 15-time major champion has publicly voiced his opposition to the Saudi-backed venture, also taking aim at compatriot Phil Mickleson for his high-profile move. And now Woods will address PGA stars this week in a bid to ramp up the fight against LIV, with boycotts of major tournaments thought to be under consideration. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy savagely trolls LIV Golf lawyer with snappy answer after PGA win ruling Golf journalist Alan Shipnuck tweeted: "I’m hearing tomorrow’s PGA Tour player meeting regarding LIV is going to be a banger. Supposedly everything is on the table, from major championship boycotts to Monahan’s future to a larger compromise." Woods won't be playing in the second FedEx playoff event, but Shipnuck added he would still be making his legendary presence felt: "And Tiger M.F. Woods is expected to fly in to provide counsel/bully/cajole." DON'T MISS:Open champion Cameron Smith facing PGA ban as he 'agrees £118m deal' to join LIV GolfLIV Golf rebels lose case to play in FedEx Cup as judge sides with PGA Tour on banBritish golfer Andrew 'Beef' Johnston admits he could join LIV 'for the money' One star likely to be on board is Rory McIlroy, who has been the most vociferous critic of the LIV tour so far. Following the recent court ruling over the first FedEX event in St Jude last week, he said: "I think where the resentment comes from, from the membership of this tour, is the fact that they want to try to get back in here with no consequences. "Anyone that’s read the PGA Tour handbook or abided by the rules and regulations, that would feel very unfair to them. It was a good day for the Tour and for the majority of the membership yesterday [the day of the ruling].”