The young Princess enjoyed the fifth day of the Games with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on her first engagement without her siblings. Charlotte, 7, revealed that her favourite sport is gymnastics and later managed to meet some of the gymnasts who competed. She also enjoyed watching a hockey match and swimming heats before the Cambridges attended another engagement with SportsAid. The Princess was seen with her hair in plaits with a sweet navy and white striped summer dress with a white peter pan collar and sandals. Charlotte caught the attention of royal fans during the sporting event as she pulled faces much like her younger brother Prince Louis, and also clapped and smiled while sitting in the stands. The royal trio attended the swimming heats at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre in Birmingham where the cheeky Princess was seen rolling her eyes at a remark from Prince William. The family supported and encouraged freestyle hopeful Luke Turley as he competed for England in the 1,500-metre freestyle. Following a busy day of engagements, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrote on their Instagram account: “Thank you Birmingham! “Athletes, mascots, and an amazing atmosphere…an unforgettable day for all of us at #B2022! “A real highlight was going behind the scenes with @teamsportsaid and the @officialteamengland Futures where the next generation of athletes and support staff are helped to perform at their best, handle pressure and make the most of their experience at major Games.” READ MORE: Is Liz Truss as popular as Boris Johnson? Hopeful leads Sunak Earlier on in the day, other members of the Royal Family attended the Games in Birmingham. Prince Edward and his wife, Sophie the Countess of Wessex attended with their children Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn. However, it was the young Cambridge who stole the show as her attendance surprised fans and gave them an additional treat. Under the Instagram post, user @princess.diana.of.wales said: “Lottie [is] a beautiful and well-mannered princess.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russia edges towards all-out NATO war with claim  (LIVE)‘Ask the people’ Remainers in new demand for second Brexit referendum (INSIGHT)Mum caught on camera glassing teacher from her child's school (REVEAL) Meanwhile @william_catherine82 added: “It was such a wonderful day! I loved every second and what a treat for Princess Charlotte. “Thank you for surprising us with her today.” Other fans added: “I love how Kate and William are slowly starting to introduce the children into public engagements, but noticeably just fun things at the moment, where they can be relaxed and enjoy themselves. “She is such a gracious young lady like her mother. It’s so nice to see them out as a family just enjoying things together. “Kate and William are very generous with how much they share their children with us.”