Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has reportedly told team-mates at the Nou Camp that he could end up moving to Manchester United. That will be welcome news for Erik ten Hag, especially given how the Red Devils’ season has started in such shambolic style. Not everybody at Old Trafford will be delighted with that, however… Sport claimed over the weekend that De Jong has admitted to his Barcelona pals that he could end up joining United. The Red Devils have been pushing for the 25-year-old all summer long, despite the complexities involved in any potential deal. United have agreed a fee with Barcelona for the Netherlands international, with the fallen Premier League giants prepared to pay an initial £63million to bring De Jong to Old Trafford. Chelsea are also keen, however, and the Blues would be able to offer the midfielder Champions League football - something their rivals can not. De Jong does now seem to be open to joining United, however. And while that will be huge news for the club, given how keen they are to land the Barcelona star, Express Sport will now take a look at four players who won’t be so happy… Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything For the match against Brentford on Saturday, Ten Hag decided to leave Scott McTominay on the bench. And that’s where the Scotland international is likely to stay if De Jong arrives. McTominay is a useful asset for United at times but has never kicked on and realised his true potential, often blowing hot and cold under the likes of Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. He was arguably the worst player on the pitch as United lost 2-1 to Brighton in their Premier League opener earlier in the month. And it’s hard to see McTominay getting back into the team on a regular basis should De Jong end up sealing a transfer before the deadline. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already  Fred has started both of United’s league matches so far. Yet the Brazil international has been awful against Brentford and Brighton and, therefore, doesn’t deserve his place in the side. Fred, like McTominay, is a squad player at best. And though he’s got a commendable attitude, and is a popular figure, the Samba star continues to blow hot and cold four years on from his arrival. Fred cost United a massive £52m back in the summer of 2018 but, overall, has failed to show why the club decided to go so big on him when Mourinho was manager. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United’s midfield is, simply put, dire. Especially when you compare it to rivals such as Manchester City, Tottenham, Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea. But, no matter how bad they are, James Garner can’t get into the side. The 21-year-old flourished for Nottingham Forest last term on loan but is yet to make an appearance for United since returning to Old Trafford. Should De Jong arrive, it will be another obstacle in his way. And it wouldn’t be too surprising to see United loan Garner out for a year if their pursuit of their leading target finally pays off. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Like Garner, Donny van de Beek doesn’t appear to be in Ten Hag’s plans right now. During pre-season, no other player got more minutes under their belt than the former Ajax star. But, still, Van de Beek continues to spend the majority of his time at United watching on from the sidelines. If De Jong does move, Bruno Fernandes and Christian Eriksen would likely play further ahead of the Barcelona star. So Van de Beek can then expect to get even less game time at United than ever before. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here