Mr Grieve took aim at Liz Truss's plans to cut taxes on Sunday, describing the Foreign Secretary's economic policy as not a "sound approach." The former Attorney General suggest that cutting taxes while failing to balance the UK's budget could end up undermining confidence in Britain's international credibility. Mr Grieve spoke out after former Prime Minister Gordon Brown called for Boris Johnson, former Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Ms Truss to agree on a strategy to fix the economy or recall Parliament to vote on an emergency budget. Mr Grieve told Sky News: "Listening to Liz Truss, she appears to be very enthusiastic for tax cuts. Well, that goes down very well with conservative members but the truth is that it's not a sound approach unless you can balance the budget, and she's not in a position to do that. "So she is talking of increasing borrowing in a way that may well undermine confidence in the United Kingdom's international credibility for economic sound management. "Rishi Sunak, on the other hand, is being much more moderate in his approach by suggesting that there should be targeted handouts to help people through this crisis. That is an alternative approach. "Of course, in itself, it doesn't solve the underlying economic issues, which are how are we going to revive our economy? How are we going to manage our way through this intense problem and take people out on the other side to a better future? JUST IN: Irexit calls surge: 'Friction rising' between EU and Dublin – 'Days of being catspaw over' I have to say on that, I don't really think either candidate is really focusing because it doesn't appear to be of great interest to the conservative membership, but it jolly well ought to be but they are rather fixated on short-term issues." It comes as former prime minister Gordon Brown demands the Government come up with an emergency budget before a "financial timebomb" in October "pushes millions over the edge". After a new report commissioned by Mr Brown suggested Government help has failed to address households' needs, he said the Prime Minister, Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss must agree to emergency measures "this week". Writing in The Observer, he said: "A financial timebomb will explode for families in October as a second round of fuel price rises in six months sends shockwaves through every household and pushes millions over the edge.  "A few months ago, Jonathan Bradshaw and Antonia Keung at York University estimated that April's 54 percent increase in fuel prices would trap 27 million people in 10m households in fuel poverty. "Now, 35 million people in 13m households - an unprecedented 49.6 percent of the population of the United Kingdom - are under threat of fuel poverty in October." Mr Brown said if an agreement was not drawn up by Mr Johnson, Mr Sunak and Ms Truss then "parliament should be recalled to force them to do so". Responding to Mr Brown's latest intervention, Mr Grieve told Sky News: "I'm not sure I wouldn't necessarily go quite points for saying Parliament should be recorded at once. But the extensive this crisis is very deep. "And it's been growing over the last six months and in fact, some of the elements of it will present even before the Ukraine war started. So it is going to need to be addressed and whoever addresses it, whether it's Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, they're going to have to build trust with the public to say there are going to have to be some painful decisions made." DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT] "That's I think what worries me the tone of this debate is not about painful decisions. It's about quick solutions, either through handouts or through massive tax cuts, and neither is going to solve the problem at the depths of a problem that we're currently facing," continued the Conservative MP. "So whoever gets becomes prime minister is going very quickly. If they succeed, to have to refocus away from the Conservative Party towards the wider electorate and tell some harsh truths and be trusted, so that people aren't prepared to accept some of the difficult decisions that are going to take place. "If that doesn't happen, then the conservative party's reputation will be undermined. "So it's very important that that wider debate takes place."