Tesco shoppers have the chance to get a free bottle of Budweiser in any UK store. The food giant decided to celebrate the Lionesses' win against Germany during the Euros Final on Sunday by giving away free beers to its customers. Tesco shoppers just need to fill out their details, including a phone number and their age, on the Budweiser site www.celebratewithbud.co.uk. After that, customers will receive a free coupon over text. To get this offer, people need to be over 18. Budweiser is running the offer this week only and it will end on Sunday, August 7. READ MORE: William 'fails badly' to hide 'intense' pride in Princess Charlotte  It should be noted that there are only 150,000 coupons available. Those who want to take advantage of this offer, must be quick and get the online coupon as soon as possible. Only one coupon can be used per person and has to be redeemed at a Tesco store. A bottle of Budweiser normally costs £1.69 at Tesco.  Tesco has a locator tool on its website which shoppers can use to find their nearest store. The Euros offer is only available to use in-store and people who shop online won't be able to redeem the coupon. The product is also subject to availability. This means if there are not enough bottles of Budweiser in stock, shoppers won't be able to claim the offer. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Tesco shoppers can always call their local store in advance to make sure they have stock available. Other UK supermarkets are also offering summer deals and discounts. Asda is offering a free kids' meal when shoppers buy a regular meal. People should note, however, that these offers are only available at certain times. Morrisons also offers a free kids' meal, but only after 3pm. Costa cafes sometimes have cold drinks for free. The coffee shop also gives a free slice of cake to its customers for their birthday. To get the deal, people have to download the free Costa Coffee app via Google Play or the App Store.