There is no doubt that rainy days are on the horizon and savers deserve the best possible returns. If banks choose to squeeze cash out of mortgage customers without allowing savers to benefit, this would be seen as a searing example of naked greed.  One high street bank's "Everyday Saver" account was yesterday paying just 0.01 percent.This is pathetic and unjustifiable when the Bank of England has just raised rates by 0.5 points to 1.75 percent. In these days of easy online banking, the bank or building society that treats those who use its services with the greatest decency can expect a surge in customers. When many families face a true cost-ofliving crisis, it is intolerable for institutions they trust to try to fleece them. This is no time for squalid profiteering. The whole country will feel the deepest sympathy for the parents of Archie Battersbee and also profound respect for how they pursued what they believe is best for their son. Their love for the 12-year-old, who has been in a coma since April, is humbling. They took their battle against the withdrawal of his treatment all the way to the European Court of Human Rights. Such passionate advocacy for a child at a time of grief and desperate pressures is a testament to their devotion. We must also salute the healthcare staff who daily help children in desperately difficult circumstances as well as supporting families in the greatest crises of their lives. The advancement of medical technology means that vexing ethical dilemmas will become more common.Yet we also see compassion, solidarity, love and courage, and it is indisputable that Archie has been cherished by people who are shining with these virtues. When Rod Stewart sang "I am sailing" in his 1975 chart-topper, few people would have pictured him aboard a £274,000-per-week luxury yacht. The 77-year-old is enjoying the high life on the 197ft vessel, which boasts accommodation for up to 12 guests. Some people might think that for £274,000 he could afford to buy his own boat, but only the most churlish of us would begrudge this master entertainer his nautical adventure. Few rockers can match his swagger and charisma, and Sir Rod has always known how to make a splash.