The news comes as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 168 days has seen two new members join NATO in recent weeks, with both Sweden and Finland growing ever nearer to becoming full partners. Russia has repeatedly called for NATO to descale its presence on its borders, and has hailed Ukraine’s ambitions to join the bloc as a “red line.”  The protest by Russian and Serbians in Dublin sparked a fiery reaction on Twitter with several users raising the matter. One commentator who goes by the name of Globalpatria1 said: “Russian and Serbian community in Ireland protest against Irish accession in NATO. “No, you didn't read it wrong. “Immigrants from Serbia and Russia do not want Ireland to become a NATO country.”  Another, taking to the same medium and going by the name KrystynaWoznia1 said: “This is mind-blowing. “Serbian and Russian immigrants in Ireland protesting against NATO membership of Ireland. “Both enjoy the freedom and lifestyle of the west, but they protest to destroy! “Why did the Serbia citizens protesting migrate to Ireland and not Russia?”  READ MORE:Brexit deal hurts Irish firms more than lockdowns, says report The resulting Twitter feed continued with a debate as to whether Ireland could in fact join the alliance in the first place. Twitter user Nodnic said: “Ireland will never join NATO, they don’t have a Navy or an air force just several thousand defence forces sometimes involved in UN peacekeeping. “Britain looks after their security arrangements in a de facto arrangement to cover coast and airspace from Russian incursions.” But this was quickly countered by Squirrel who said: “Iceland literally has no military (all they have is a smallish coast guard) and it is still a NATO member.” The protests happened on August 6 on Dublin’s O’Connell Street just opposite the iconic General Post Office, the site of the 1916 Easter Rising. Placards at the scene read: “Today Sweden and Finland, tomorrow Ireland?” Whilst another said: “Ukraine, stop shelling Donetsk”. According to one media outlet, the demonstration was met with general support by passers-by, with many keen on the idea Ireland remain non-aligned to the bloc.  DON'T MISS:New Russian army unit set to flop [REPORT]China to create doomsday nuclear ‘super torpedo’ [REVEAL]'US can fight Russia & China' says analyst [INSIGHT] Further similar demonstrations were witnessed in New York, with protesters voicing their concerns against the war in Ukraine, and backing the People’s Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk. The Irish military, known as Óglaigh na hÉireann, is a relatively small force that under Irish policy maintains a longstanding policy of non-belligerence in armed conflict. However, the force does participate in various peacekeeping operations in cooperation with the United Nations. According to GlobalFirePower.com, Ireland has the world’s 97th-ranked military. The military statistics site says Ireland has 8,700 active personnel with a further 4,000 in reserve. Ireland's air power consists of 23 aircraft, with the majority being training aircraft and helicopters. The Irish military also has 122 armoured personnel carriers on the land. In the waters, Dublin commands 9 vessels, the majority of which are patrol vehicles designed to monitor coastal waters.  Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story The total defence budget of the Republic is just under £1bn per year according to sources. Speaking in June of the idea Ireland could join NATO, Taoiseach Micheál Martin said: “We need to reflect on military non-alignment in Ireland and our military neutrality. “We are not politically neutral. “We don’t need a referendum to join NATO. “That’s a policy decision of the government.”  Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Security News