During Tuesday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, the panel discussed Meghan Markle speaking to The Cut where touched on tabloid culture tearing both her and Harry's family apart. Speaking about her interview, presenter Adil Ray defended the Duchess of Sussex as he agreed she was treated differently from Kate Middleton in the press. At the start of the topic, journalist Andrew Pierce stated that what Meghan Markle was saying wasn’t true. However, the Good Morning Britain host interjected as he disagreed with what Andrew had said. Speaking about the press treatment that Meghan received, Adil commented: “I think it’s absolutely true that she got an unfair treatment by the press compared to Kate. “I think Kate was never accused of causing drought and murder in Mexico because she liked avocados!”  Andrew pulled a face not seeming to believe what Adil had just said but the GMB host pointed out that was once a headline in a newspaper.  Slamming the Duchess, Andrew said that reading the whole interview from start to finish is a bit “weird”. He then commented on Meghan buying an £11m house having only looked around the garden. Interrupting, ITV host Charlotte Hawkins told the panel that they brought the house because they spotted two palm trees joined together. Reading an extract from the interview, the ITV host said: “Harry said, ‘My love, it’s us. When Archie goes past he says, ‘Hi mamma, hi papa.’”   Charlotte then questioned who couldn’t be moved by the sentiment, with Jacqui Smith swiping that Andrew clearly wasn’t. In Meghan’s interview with The Cut, the 41-year-old touched on a wide range of topics from her time as a royal, her new life in Montecito and her two children with Prince Harry. She also opened up on being happy to leave the UK because of backlash. Part of the interview reads: “Just by existing, we were upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy. So we go, ‘Okay, fine, let’s get out of here. Happy to.’    Elsewhere in the interview, The Duchess teased that she’ll be rejoining the social media platform Instagram after having to join a preexisting account with Harry, Kate, and William. Explaining she had no control over the account, Meghan stated that there is a certain structure if you want to release a photo. In The Cut, she commented that you have to first give the photo you want to release to the Royal Rota, which is the UK media pool. However, later in the article writer Allison P Davis adds: "Later, Meghan would relay she was no longer sure she would actually return to Instagram." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.   