England's senior women’s football team beat Germany at Wembley Stadium in front of a record Women’s Euro finals crowd of 87,000 on Sunday night, July 31, after extra time. Despite winning England’s first international championship trophy since 1966, research by RIFT Tax Refunds shows that the average annual income of players is £71,131 – equivalent to just one percent of Cristiano Ronaldo’s £6.19million salary.  Football finance expert and author of The Price of Football Kieran Maguire said the average annual salary in the Premier League is £2.7million per year, one hundred times more than the £27,000 average in the Women’s Super League. READ MORE: Lionesses' combined annual salary makes up JUST 26% of Ronaldo's despite historic win Mr Maguire told Express.co.uk: “Although we can expect this gap to decrease, in absolute terms it will increase. “This reflects the ability of the Premier League to bring in money. “The Premier League is a global product, which cannot yet be said for the Women’s Super League. “A team like Manchester United can bring in £100million from ticket sales alone. Attendance is lower and tickets are cheaper for women’s games.” He added: “Attendance currently averages 2,000 per game, and the FA is pushing to get that to 6,000. The best way to do that is good football.” The English FA Women’s Super League was introduced in 2011 and although some stars earn more than £200,000 a year, salaries start at around £20,000. This means that many are priced out of the sport or have to keep second jobs to supplement their income. Salaries are increased by national team appearance fees and prizes. Both male and female footballers receive the same appearance fee when representing England, yet at club level, men’s salaries are up to 100 times more than women’s. DON'T MISS: Wright blasts Beth Mead's sponsors following England Euro 2022 success [LATEST]Lionesses' glorious win offers valuable lesson - STEPHEN POLLARD [COMMENT]FIFA 23 REVEALED: World Cup, crossplay, Women's Leagues, FUT changes [UPDATE] England players are thought to earn around £2,000 each match with many donating their match fees to charity. For winning the Euros, the Lionesses will each receive a bonus of £55,000 from the FA. However, tournament organisers UEFA allocate different amounts to each outfit with around £1.3million set aside for the women’s winning team and £12million for the men. So what do YOU think? Should women's footballers be paid the same as men? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.