Richard Roat, an actor known for appearing in many US sitcoms has died at the age of 89, with no further details released. The Friends actor died on August 5 in Orange County, California, where he spent much of his time with his family. The actor's cause of death is unknown, however the LA Times have released an obituary for the well-loved actor. It read: "His greatest love was his family. Richard was fortunate to marry the love of his life, his true soulmate, Kathy." Richard had a lengthy career spanning nearly half a century, leaving him with an impressive 130 credits to his name. He boasted notable credits in Cheers, Murphy Brown, Hawaii Five-O and Happy Days. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life His career began in the 1960s when he landed his first recurring role as Dr. Jerry Chandler on the NBC soap drama The Doctors in 1962, where he went on to star in over 170 episodes. While the show continued for another two decades, Richard moved onto other ventures, including a guest role on The Fugitive. Richard continued to land breakout roles for years to come, leaving the 90s with several credits to his name including 3rd Rock From The Sun, Ellen, Mad About You and 7th Heaven. Most notably however, was Richard's guest appearance on Seinfeld in Season 8 in 1998. Most notably however, was Richard's guest appearance on Seinfeld in Season 8 in 1998. His character was one of the doctors who found Julia Louis-Dreyfus' character, Elaine Benes, to be a "difficult patient". In 2000, Richard also notably had a small role in the huge TV show, Friends as Ross Geller's professor who busted Ross for dating one of his students. Richard also had guest roles in The Golden Girls, Hill Street Blues from 1982 until 1985 and as Creighton on Dynasty in 1986. DON'T MISS... 'Young and immature' Michael Caine blamed himself for divorce [INSIGHT] Edith Bowman left 'speechless' after being 'edged out' of Radio 1 [BBC] Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role [COMMENT] The actor also secured a recurring role on Days of Our Lives where he played Professor Henry Moore for 12 episodes. His final acting credit was in 2009 when he featured on an episode of 24, which ran from 2001 to 2010. Richard's glittering career also saw him secure short stints on Broadway as well as onstage at The Public Theatre in Central Park. Many dedicated fans have taken to social media to pay respects to the popular sitcom actor. R.i.p.s wrote on Instagram: "RIP Richard Roat.He was an actor who appeared in some of the most famous tv shows of the 20th century, including Dallas, Seinfeld, Friends, Cheers and Happy Days. #richardroat #rip." WadeAllen7 added: "We lost actor Richard Roat… I was just reading that he passed away suddenly. "He was a talented man with 135 credits through the decades, from Broadway to sitcoms… making two appearances on The Golden Girls… Kendall Nesbit in the Murder mystery weekend episode 'case of the libertine belle' and Al Beatty of Boca Raton who died in Rose’s bed in an earlier season. Thankful that I wrote to him a couple years ago."