Jacob Wedderburn-Day, CEO at travel company Stasher, shared his tips to get a free flight upgrade. One might surprise some frequent flyers. Jacob told Express.co.uk: “Don’t pre-order a special meal. If you order a special inflight meal in advance, you may destroy your upgrade potential. “Flights rarely carry more food than they need, especially for higher-class seats whose food is more expensive. “Consider bringing your own food onboard if you’re serious about sitting in a better class.” Many passengers might need to order a special meal on the plane due to various dietary requirements. READ MORE: Hand luggage: Expert shares 'shopping bag hack' to beat restrictions However, airlines generally like to carry as little weight as possible and are unlikely to bring extra meals. If a passenger has a special economy meal, they’re unlikely to be upgraded as there might not be a suitable meal available in first class. It could also depend on the type of special meal required. Airlines are likely to be able to provide vegetarian or Halal meals at short notice in first class. However, some meals such as gluten free or vegan dishes might be less likely to be carried if they haven’t been ordered. Jacob added: “As the saying goes, if you don’t ask, you don’t get. It may seem obvious but simply asking is the best first step in getting an upgrade. “Often airlines overbook economy seats to make sure every flight is full and making money. “They gamble on not everyone showing up, but sometimes they are left with too many travellers for the available seats. “When you check in, tell the attendant that you’re interested in an upgrade. You can always ask again at the gate if they say there’s no chance. READ MORE: ‘Coastline being eaten up!’ Londoner who moved to Devon shocked “The worst they can say is no. The key is to be polite and humble. You don’t want to come across as demanding or entitled. “Be friendly and let them know that you would really appreciate an upgrade, especially if it’s a special occasion. “This won’t alwaysr esult in an upgrade, but you may possibly get a free glass of champagne and some special inflight treatment.” Cabin crew always go out of their way to look after their passengers and will try to celebrate someone’s special occasion. If passengers do want a free upgrade, they could also try bringing a small gift for the cabin crew. Some chocolates or a Starbucks gift card could help brighten up their day and raise a passenger’s chance of an upgrade. Many cabin crew will have worked long shifts and might not have had many breaks so they’re likely to appreciate a gift. Regardless of whether a passenger gets an upgrade, it’s important to always be polite to the crew.