Rob Rinder and Kate Garraway got visibly upset on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain as they discussed the past two years, and how the mum-of-two has struggled with her husband's illness. The ITV presenter has been caring for Derek ever since he came out of hospital, after facing severe complications from catching COVID-19. Kate was forced to take some time away from GMB recently after Derek's health took a turn. During Tuesday's instalment, Rob took a moment out of the show, to pay a sweet tribute to Kate. "You know what? First of all, you are sunshine in human form," Rob began. "And to be alongside of you, and we don't really talk about it. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on "I just want to say more than anything else, you model the possibility against the backdrop of darkness of being light in every sense. "I'm so proud of you today. You're amazing documentary, Caring for Derek [and] being shortlisted for a National TV Award. "And to use the platform you have for change [and] for authenticity, just makes me proud to know you." "Oh my, god, that's so lovely" an overwhelmed Kate replied as a tearful Rob continued: "I'm not going to cry, but I am very proud of you." "I am going to cry myself," Kate admitted following Rob's speech. Later on in the programme, Kate opened up about the struggles she has faced while caring for Derek at home, admitting it has been rather costly for her. After speaking with disability activist Shani Dhanda about how the rise in energy prices is going to affect her, Rob said: "What you might describe as a privilege, you've struggled in trying to make sure that you get access to the things that you're entitled to as well." DON'T MISS...Virgin River plot hole: Jack Sheridan family ties open up major error  [PLOT HOLE]GMB fans slam Kate Garraway's 'car crash' Labour MP interview [VIDEO]ITV fans fume as Steps 'mime' on This Morning [REACTION] "Absolutely," Kate replied. "I'm absolutely mired in the confusion of it all. "I think it's hugely challenging, and I can be quite sparky about speaking up, I think regular viewers might agree. "But sometimes it is just very confusing, and the costs are sort of set up that you don't even predict actually, and it comes and bites you. "But look, if you have been affected by any of the issues we've been discussing, you can find advice and support at itv.com/help." Last month, Kate took a break from GMB after Derek contracted sepsis. The former lobbyist was rushed to hospital last month as he suffered a kidney infection that developed into sepsis, with Derek fighting "for his life" in intensive care. Speaking about that moment, Kate said: "I got a phone call from the person who was looking after him saying, 'Right, we're really worried'. I whizzed home and it just sort of went boom from there. "We called an ambulance, and went to A and E, where they said he had very severe sepsis, life-threatening sepsis. So it was really dramatic." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.