The USA has issued a new travel advisory for certain areas in Mexico due to an increase in violent crime. A few Mexican states including Zacatera, Colima and Sinaloa have been moved up the travel advisory list. The new alert advised travellers to avoid certain areas due to a risk of crime and kidnapping. However, popular tourist areas including Cancun and Quintana Roo remain at the USA’s lower Level Two alert. While Mexico’s criminal gangs rarely target tourists, sometimes gang conflict can spread into tourist areas. Ken Bombace,a former US military intelligence officer, told The Independent that it seems as though violence between cartels has increasingly spread to tourist areas. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares check-in tip - ‘won’t need to queue Despite that, the majority of experts say that travel to Mexico remains safe as long as tourists avoid certain regions and take precautions. The UK Government advises tourists to take “extreme care” in the East of the country in Veracruz. Tourists should also take precautions in Baja California including Tiujana and Mexicali. Most British tourists travel to resort areas such as Cancun and Quintana Roo which are less likely to be impacted by violence. The UK Government states: “The Mexican Government makes efforts to protect major tourist destinations like Cancun, Playa del Carmen, Cozumel, Los Cabos, Tijuana, Puerto Vallarta and Nuevo Vallarta. “However, there have been several clashes between rival criminal gangs in popular tourist destinations in Cancun and surrounding areas. “Two foreign tourists were killed in Tulum, more tourists were injured during a shoot out in Puerto Morelos and most recently there was a shooting in the Centre of Playa del Carmen, injuring three. “There is currently an increased police presence in the Cancun area, including in the hotel zone. READ MORE: Cruise guests shares item to pack that ‘people love’  “While tourists have not been the target, anyone in the vicinity of an incident could be affected. “If you are visiting any of these areas, you should monitor local advice, remain vigilant and follow the advice of the local authorities and your tour operator.” The shootout in Playa del Carmen left three tourists injured and followed an incident in Tulum last year where two tourists were killed. However, the majority of visits to Mexico are trouble free and over 500,000 Britons travel there every year. The Government advises British tourists to be alert to the possibility of robbery, assault and vehicle hijacking. Tourists should not become involved with drugs of any kind and drug-related crime is on the rise. There is no recent history of terrorism in Mexico, according the Foreign Office, although attacks cannot be ruled out.