Arsenal technical director Edu Gaspar has reportedly been spotted boarding a flight to Spain, sparking excitement from the club's fans that another transfer could be in the works. The Gunners have already spent £120million this summer but the sight of Edu heading for Valencia on Sunday would suggest their business is far from being concluded. The Arsenal supremo’s apparent jaunt to Europe, which surfaced on Reddit, comes just hours after Arsenal swept aside Leicester 4-2 to make it two wins from two under Mikel Arteta, with summer signing Gabriel Jesus scoring twice and assisting the other two goals. While there is no confirmation that the man pictured is indeed Edu, or that he is travelling on official business, there is a theory that Edu could be travelling to Valencia to hold talks with Villarreal over a deal for Spanish starlet Yeremy Pino. The 19-year-old is reportedly a target for Arteta as he looks to bring in a winger to replace Nicolas Pepe and Reiss Nelson. The two locations are only 40 miles apart and the town that is home to Villarreal, similarly named Vila Real, is too small to have its own international airport. And it is feasible to suggest that Edu would travel to the nearest airport before heading to the Estadio de las Ceramicas for negotiations over Pino. READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Pino transfer by Emery Arsenal have reportedly tabled a £33m bid to add the teenager to their already exciting ranks after he impressed for Villarreal, having broken into the team under former Arsenal boss Unai Emery last season. Pino registered six goals and four assists in 21 starts in all competitions and helped Villarreal reach the Champions League semi-finals against the odds. The Spain international is allowed to leave the club providing any interested party pays his £67m (€80m) release clause in full. DON'T MISS Arsenal fans sing Tielemans transfer chant in message to KroenkeArsenal 4-2 Leicester: Five things learned as Gabriel Jesus shinesSaliba may have played key role in blocked Arsenal transfer  However, it is understood the Yellow Submarine are prepared to accept a lower offer providing it meets their asking price. Edu has enjoyed a successful summer after negotiating deals to sign Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City for a combined £77m. The Gunners have also captured Fabio Vieira from Porto for £34m, Sao Paulo starlet Marquinhos and USA international goalkeeper Matt Turner. And it would mark another coup for the Brazilian if he is able to pull off a deal for one of Europe's most exciting youngsters, although there is still some work ahead for the 44-year-old to get the deal done. Emery has admitted the club's financial problems means they will be forced to cash in on their star names this summer, and Pino's talent and age makes him one of their most valuable assets. Ahead of Villarreal's La Liga opener against Real Valladolid on Saturday, Emery conceded that Pino would likely head for the exit if the club received an official offer. "If an offer arrives for players like Yeremy Pino, then he will have to leave," Emery said. "We have a responsibility with the club. It is what it is."