During lockdown, husband and wife duo Angel and Dick Strawbridge put their efforts into revamping their Chateau and its impressive surrounding grounds. On their site, they decided to take fans on a tour of the outside space before touching on one area they’ve neglected.  Dick started the tour in a crane to give people a bird’s eye view of the gardens below them. Once they were on the ground, they saw their dog Petal waiting for them on the other side of a wooden gate secured with chicken wire. Touching on the gate, Angel told viewers it was going to be replaced before Dick revealed more on its back story. He mentioned it went up the first few months they arrived at the French Chateau in 2015    “It’s still perfectly serviceable, if you watch this the door opens and it looks ugly!” Dick exclaimed. The 62-year-old admitted the fixture has caused problems as his wife wants something “Chateau-esque” to replace it but isn’t entirely sure what. Correcting him, Angel said: “I’d like it to be secret garden-esque. “I think it’s going to be something cast iron and it’s going to feel magical.”   She told Dick the new gate will be ornate and wants it to be see-through. The Channel 4 star revealed the other gates outside are rustic but she wants something different for the entrance into the walled garden as it’s facing the Chateau. Angel added: “One day, but I need time to find it. “Like everything, we don’t always prioritise things outside!”   Dick told viewers they’ll wait to change it but it has been the same for six years and works alright. The husband and wife decided to move their family to the Chateau de la Motte Husson in Pays de la Loire back in 2015, and it’s since become open to guests and a wedding venue. Recently, the 44-year-old has opened up about juggling both work and family life. In an interview with House Beautiful, Angel admitted it’s been tough to find a balancing point.   She said: "It has been really challenging for me but I think we are getting there. "Especially with weddings, events and school, there are always things to do. It's about taking that time out.” Escape to the Chateau is available to stream on All 4. 