Agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) have executed a search warrant at Donald Trump's home in Palm Beach, the 45th President has claimed. In a statement issued on Monday night, the ex-POTUS alleged his Florida residence was "under siege" by agents from America's domestic intelligence and security service. Mr Trump's said: "These are dark times for our Nation, as my beautiful home, Mar-A-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida, is currently under siege, raided, and occupied by a large group of FBI agents." He added: "After working and cooperating with the relevant Government agencies, this unannounced raid on my home was not necessary or appropriate. "It is prosecutorial misconduct, the weaponisation of the Justice System, and an attack by Radical Left Democrats who desperately don't want me to run for President in 2024, especially based on recent polls, and who will likewise do anything to stop Republicans and Conservatives in the upcoming Midterm Election." Mr Trump even compared the alleged raid to Watergate and even a "witch hunt" after claiming agents "broke into" his safe. JUST IN: 'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood- US steps toward 'annihilation' Mr Trump did not say why the FBI raid took place. However, he did claim it was "political targeting at the highest level". Mr Trump even took a swipe at his 2016 US Presidential Election rival by alleging: "Hillary Clinton was allowed to delete and acid wash 33,000 emails after they were subpoenaed by Congress." The incident comes while a bipartisan select committee in the House of Representatives examines Mr Trump's involvement in the January 6 riots on Capitol Hill. READ MORE: Joe Biden's age concerning Democrats as some even fear he will 'trip on a wire' Federal prosecutors are separately calling for witnesses to come forward to talk about how the former President behaved during the riot and the US Justice Department has been investigating the discovery of boxes of records containing classified information which were taken to Mar-A-Lago following Mr Trump's election defeat in 2020. The ex-President was not at his Florida residence during the raid. Mr Trump was instead reportedly in Trump Tower in New York City at the time as he spends August at his New Jersey golf club in Bedminster. He returned to the Big Apple after addressing delegates at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Texas. DON'T MISSIndia hands Putin lifeline as Russian ships sidestep West's sanctions [INSIGHT]Pelosi slammed for Taiwan trip: ‘Reckless virtue-signalling!’ [ANALYSIS]Cheap electronics funded China’s terrifying military - Jonathan Saxty [INSIGHT]