Leeds United could be set to make yet another summer signing over the coming weeks in the form of Arnaud Kalimuendo, with Paris Saint-Germain reportedly trying to fast-track the 20-year-old's departure as a matter of priority. Kalimuendo recently emerged as a target in attack for Leeds, who are aiming to reinforce their ranks at the top of the pitch in order to improve their hopes of avoiding Premier League relegation at the end of the season. The Whites have already welcomed eight new faces since the end of the previous campaign, with former Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles having joined the club as their latest addition earlier this week. They are not prepared to take a step back from the market just yet, though, with a move for Kalimuendo said to be the next item on Jesse Marsch's summer agenda.It seems as though Kalimuendo could be on his way out of PSG sooner rather than later, with GFFN claiming that the club are actively looking to offload the striker as quickly as possible. This could offer Leeds a welcome boost in their pursuit of Kalimuendo, who is said to be valued at around £21million by his current employers as things stand.The Yorkshire outfit are not the player's only suitors, though, with Nice and Rennes also reportedly in the conversation with regards to a move for his signature in the near future. It remains to be seen whether Leeds will be able to jump the queue by accelerating their efforts to land Kalimuendo after missing out on the capture of Charles De Ketelaere earlier this month. JUST IN: Man Utd board’s conclusion as Murtough holds crunch transfer talks Kalimuendo scored 12 league goals while on loan at Lens over the course of last season and turned plenty of heads upon his return by impressing in a number of PSG's pre-season friendly matches. He could certainly serve as a shrewd addition for Leeds, who are believed to be eyeing another forward to provide the likes of Joe Gelhardt and Patrick Bamford with some extra support in their search for goals.Leeds have already spent close to £100m in the transfer market over the last few months but are seemingly in no mood to lie down as Marsch looks to prepare his squad for another tough battle to secure their Premier League status at the end of the season. The American coach recently admitted that he is aiming to engineer a strong end to the window after thanking the club's hierarchy for their co-operation with regards to making new signings over the last few weeks. "I’m very thankful to Andrea [Radrizzani] and Victor [Orta], for getting those done," Marsch told reporters when quizzed on the possibility of adding to the selection of players who have already joined Leeds since the end of last season."They did a really good job early to secure those players so that they can be integrated into our team. And that’s made us strong for where we are right now."Now we have just got to be really clever about how to make the next additions, if we [can] make two or three more that we are as confident as we were with those guys." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.