The cast of Virgin River has returned to filming as fans eagerly await the answers to some of season four’s tantalising cliffhangers. While the future of Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) and Jack Sheridan’s (Martin Henderson) family plans following a bombshell dropped by his ex Charmaine Roberts (Lauren Hammersley) remain a much-talked-about plot point, there are still plenty of questions to be answered regarding Hope McCrea’s (Annette O’Toole) future. Throughout season four of Virgin River, Hope struggled with her traumatic brain injury after sustaining horror injuries from a car crash in season three. Hope became susceptible to mood swings, a lack of confidence and a shorter temper when it came to help from her other half, Doc (Tim Matheson). But as season four came to a close, Hope put her pride aside and looked toward the future, offering youngster Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale) a full-time job to help care for her. Hope’s caring side also began to rear its head as she promised to be there for Lydie (Christina Jastrzembska) who’ll undoubtedly struggle with the exit of her grandson Ricky (Grayson Maxwell Gurnsey) who’s joined the Marines. READ MORE: Virgin River season 5 theory: Cameron Hayek for surprise new romance And with the future looking up for the star, actor O’Toole shared a heartwarming update from the set of Virgin River recently. Taking to Instagram, O’Toole paid tribute to her cast mates Dugdale, Muriel star Teryl Rothery, Jo Ellen’s Gwynyth Walsh, Connie actor Nicola Cavendish and Jastrzembska as they posed for a snap in between takes. O’Toole simply captioned the smiley photo, with the show’s jaw-dropping mountainous landscape behind them, with: “Such a wonderful day with these women.” And it didn’t take long for fans of the show and O’Toole to share their own sweet reactions - including a number of her cast mates. Dugdale reciprocated O’Toole’s kind words as she replied: “Such a dream working with you ladies!” Season three newcomer Kai Bradbury, who plays Doc’s grandson Denny, echoed: “Legends only,” followed by a love heart emoji. And Brie Sheridan star Zibby Allen also paid tribute to the stars, simply replying: “The best,” again followed by a love heart emoji. Fans had similar reactions, with @gunterquinn adding: “Love the 'sewing/knitting group' and their friendship.” DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Jack Sheridan was almost replaced by co-starVirgin River season 5: Star confirms Mel’s history to be explored Virgin River plot hole: How is Charmaine still pregnant? While @anglita.hila praised: “You are wonderful! Your positive energy is in the air..” And @laurieelliott9123 commented: “I love watching all of you,” followed by a love heart emoji. O’Toole did her best not to give away any spoilers in the snap but it does confirm the ladies will all be back for season five. And she isn’t the only star to spark excitement among the Virgin River fandom with updates on how season five is going. On July 28, Benjamin Hollingsworth gave fans their first preview of Brady from the fifth season as he marked the first day of filming. On board a motorbike, Hollingsworth donned Brady’s signature bad boy style, complete with leather jack and aviator sunglasses. Now a free man having been cleared for the attempted murder of Jack, things for Brady should be on the up. However, his dark past could come back to haunt him as he remains embroiled in the drug peddling business - but will he be able to turn a page for good in season five? Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.