Emma Raducanu’s chances against Serena Williams have been downplayed ahead of the pair’s blockbuster first-round meeting in Cincinnati. Former world No 1 Andy Roddick thought the American would benefit from playing the US Open champion, who he claimed didn’t have the power to disturb Williams’ game. Raducanu is set to be one of the final opponents of Williams’ career after the 23-time Grand Slam champion announced last week that she would soon be retiring. While no date for the end of her career has been set, many believe she will hang up her racket after the US Open, leaving just two tournaments before she retires. And the 40-year-old has drawn reigning US Open champion Raducanu in the opening round of the Cincinnati WTA 1000, her final warm-up tournament ahead of her home Grand Slam tournament. While the world No 10 should prove a good test for the two-time former champion, another US Open winner has claimed that it will instead be a “good matchup” for Williams while downplaying Raducanu’s game style. Speaking on Tennis Channel, 2003 US Open champion Andy Roddick said: “This is actually a good matchup for Serena, needing to kind of get those reps going into New York.” Williams’ compatriot explained that he thought Raducanu wouldn’t have enough power to blow the former world No 1 off the court, allowing Williams to dictate the match and play to her own rhythm. JUST IN: Raducanu and Osaka inspire new drama from Line Of Duty producers  “She’s gonna get a lot of balls to hit, she’s gonna get a look at her serve. It’s not gonna blow her off the court. It’s going to be kind of a pressure mechanism,” he continued. Williams recently recorded her first singles match win in 430 days at the Canadian Open in Toronto before losing in the second round to Belinda Bencic, and Roddick thought Raducanu wouldn’t be able to trouble Williams in the same way the Olympic champion did. “I actually thought Serena was hitting the ball pretty well against Belinda Bencic, I know she lost and the score-line was pretty straight forward,” he confessed. “I think the fact that she’ll have a little bit more time against Raducanu. DON'T MISS Nadal fans raise US Open injury fears after Cincinnati training regimeDaniil Medvedev caught in confrontation with fan after 'loser' chantsAndy Murray's US Open prep threatened by Wawrinka Cincinnati test  “Raducanu is not gonna come out and hit flat inside the court, switch directions like Bencic was and kind of bully Serena’s movement.” The pair will face off in a blockbuster night session on Monday, though the highly-anticipated clash will be tough to watch for British fans at home, starting not before 12am on Tuesday.  Raducanu will be making her debut at the Western and Southern Open when she faces Williams, while the American has two titles to her name in Cincinnati. The Brit has recorded mixed results so far in the pre-US Open swing, reaching the quarter-finals in Washington last week but falling to defending champion Camila Giorgi in the first round of the Canadian Open. 