Arsenal have identified Wolves winger Pedro Neto as a ‘priority’ target ahead of next week’s transfer deadline, according to reports. Mikel Arteta wants to strengthen his attacking options with the addition of the Portuguese starlet. The Gunners head coach has reiterated this week that he would be keen to make further signings. That is despite already acquiring Gabriel Jesus, Oleksandr Zinchenko and Fabio Vieira. A new winger seems to be high on Arteta’s list of priorities and Neto is apparently a target. The 22-year-old has started the new season in good form for Wolves. Discussions over a deal for Neto to join Arsenal are apparently taking place. Wolves, for their part, do not want to sell the Portugal international before the September 1 transfer deadline. JUST IN: Expected Arsenal XI vs Fulham with 117-year record on the line That is according to journalist David Ornstein, who told the Handbrake Off Podcast that Arsenal are ‘prioritising’ a move for Neto. Arteta is a big fan of the tricky forward, and talks with super-agent Jorge Mendes have taken place for over a month. Neto returned from a serious ACL injury in February. He has played in all three of Wolves’ Premier League fixtures so far this term. Arsenal could be pushed to make a move for Neto having allowed fellow left-footed wide man Nicolas Pepe to join Ligue 1 side Nice on loan. Arteta refused to rule out signing a replacement last week. DON'T MISS...Transfer news: Man Utd make £76m bid, Chelsea to Fofana 'agreed'Arsenal backed to win Premier League title because of two playersWolves boss' telling three-word comment as Arsenal plot Neto transfer The Spanard also said that he wanted to make further additions to his squad after Arsenal beat Bournemouth last Saturday. Arteta believes that his ranks can still be improved despite a perfect start to the top-flight campaign. "We don’t like reacting obviously, we want to get the players that we believe will make a big impact in the team,” Arteta said after the 3-0 triumph. “If we can do that, we will try to do that. If we cannot, we will stay with the players we have." Meanwhile, Wolves have insisted that Neto is not for sale and will remain their player beyond the transfer deadline. Head coach Bruno Lage said last week that the club have not received an offer for the former Benfica man. Lage said: “I have heard that but nothing has come to us. It’s normal now [to have interest], with the good players that we have. Teams are looking for good players in the same way we are looking for [Goncalo] Guedes, Matheus [Nunes], [Nathan] Collins. No one told me anything about any proposal.”