The audition stage of America’s Got Talent has finally concluded, with Simon Cowell, Heidi Klum, Sofia Vergara and Howie Mandel all landing on this year’s finalists. However, following the instalment on Tuesday, August 2, rating figures have revealed the number of viewers tuned in dwindled in a blow to the show’s popularity. While AGT did land the top spot as the most-viewed primetime show on Tuesday evening, it failed to replicate its success of the week previously. Instead, it drew an audience of approximately 6.2 million, slightly down week-on-week. It also bagged a 0.67 rating in the 18-49 demographic, the key target for most networks, according to The Wrap. These figures meant AGT did trump the rest of the competition but bosses will hope the trend of losing numbers week-on-week doesn’t continue. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history AGT also bested the rest of NBC’s programming afterwards, with Family Game Night failing to retain the same numbers. Instead, only two million total viewers stay tuned to the US network with a 0.32 demo rating. AGT fans who failed to tune in missed out on the final round of auditions. Simon and his fellow judges were tasked with then picking this year’s AGT finalists as well as four wildcard acts. The wildcard acts will now face a public vote to see who will make it to the live shows. The first wildcard is Auzzy Blood, a sword-swallower who left the judges grimacing and even brought Howie on stage to take part in his death-defying act. Also up for the vote is singer Ben Waites, a Nashville-based vocal coach. Debbii Dawson is another fellow singer who blew audiences away with an acoustic cover of ABBA’s Dancing Queen. DON'T MISS:NCIS' Abby Sciuto was almost replaced by Hollywood A-lister SEAL Team's David Boreanaz sparks meltdown with season 6 teaseNCIS’ Jessica Knight star sparks meltdown as she drops Parker spoiler And the final wildcard act is comedian Jordan Conley, who impressed and had Simon in stitches with his routine. The vote closes on Friday. August 5 at 4am PT and 7am ET. However, it’s safe to say some fans aren’t happy these four acts missed out on automatic spots in the live finals. Reacting to Jordan’s pleas for votes, Twitter user Benjamin Massie was one to voice their disdain: “Ngl, you shouldn’t even be in the wild card. “You were infinitely better than some of the other acts picked to go through. Your joke about Victoria’s Secret(s) was hilarious!” And Wesley Massey echoed this sentiment to AGT’s account: “Jordan Conley and it shouldn’t even be a question.” While Joanne showed her support for another act to miss out: “Unbelievable that Debbi may not make lives - she has the most beautiful haunting voice I have ever heard.  VOTE!!!! VOTE!!” America’s Got Talent airs Tuesdays on NBC in the USA.