The UK inflation rate soared to 10.1 percent as of July and while this figure is only forecast to increase in the coming months, households across Britain will be searching for ways to significantly lower expenses. From cancelling subscriptions to energy-saving tips, there are a few routes Britons have been exploring to cut costs. But another expense to look into could be the TV licence. A TV licence is, effectively, a hypothecated tax to fund public broadcasting. By law, any household in the UK that watches live TV must have a TV licence. It’s a criminal offence if people dodge paying for it, but there are certain scenarios when there’s no need to have one. Currently, the fee for a TV licence costs £159 a year, while for those with black and white TVs it costs £53.50 a year.  READ MORE: Iceland hands lifeline to millions with plan to SLASH bills by £604  Licence fees are set by the Government every year in line with inflation. However, it’s been announced there will be no further increases for the next two years in a bid to help households with spiralling living costs. The fee can be paid in one lump sum, but most people opt to spread the cost by Direct Debit. Individuals who are legally blind (severely sight impaired) can apply for a 50 percent discount, while those over 75 on pension credit, or have a partner on pension credit, can get a licence for free. Previously, any household with a TV was required to pay the licence fee. However, rules have changed over the years and now, the requirement criteria is much more detailed. Martyn James at consumer website Resolver told Good To Know: “In just a few years, the way we watch television has fundamentally changed. "Everything from phones to games controllers are now capable of being used as TV streaming devices and our choice of home entertainment is vast. That makes it immensely complicated to work out what the rules are when it comes to TV licences.”  Households need a TV licence if they want to watch or record TV programmes as they’re broadcast. This includes all programmes on any channel, from soaps and series, to documentaries and movies. The same rules apply even if said programmes are being broadcast live on a PC, laptop, tablet or phone, rather than a TV. A licence is needed if someone downloads or watches programmes broadcast on BBC iPlayer - live, catch up, or on demand.  The licence also covers online TV services such as ITV Hub, All 4, Amazon Prime Video, Now TV or Sky Go. However, unlike with BBC iPlayer, it’s not needed if a person only ever watches on-demand programmes on these sites. DON'T MISS:Energy bills to top £5,300 in 2023, experts warn [ANALYSIS]Pensioners face ‘brutal squeeze’ as inflation to hit 18% [INSIGHT]Expert shares 'cheap and effective method' to lower energy bills [EXPLAINED]    So, if a household finds themselves only watching catch-up TV (not including BBC iPlayer), they won’t need a TV licence - as long as they’re not using the TV services to watch anything live. Households also don’t need a TV licence to watch streaming services like Netflix or Disney+. But, for those thinking of cancelling their TV licence to cut costs, it’s vital to be sure everyone in the same household follows the rules. Otherwise, those who are found to have streamed a programme live without a licence could be hit with a £1,000 fine, while those in Guernsey could face fines of up to £2000, and in Jersey, £500. If a person is sure they’ll no longer need a TV licence, they can formally let TV Licensing know by filling out the refund and cancellation request form. Tv Licensing may then pay a visit to check the household is right to have cancelled - it says these inspections find one in five households do. If a licence is needed, the household will have to pay the full licence fee, and may risk prosecution plus the fine. For those needing to keep the licence, there are a number of ways to pay for it.  It can be paid in one lump sum by direct debit, credit card, cheque, postal order or by BACS. Or, it can be paid in monthly or quarterly instalments by direct debit. However, it’s actually cheaper to pay the fee annually or monthly as opposed to quarterly. The annual fee is £159, while those opting to pay monthly will see £13.25 leave accounts until it reaches £159. The quarterly fee, however, is £41 fee every three months, which amounts to £164 by the end of the year. 