The Gambia is a beautiful country offering sun, sand, sea and nature. However, the country has also reportedly gained a reputation for sex tourism, with many older women seeking relationships with young men. Gambian officials have now issued a warning to tourists saying they want to put a stop to sex tourism. Director of the Gambia Tourism Board, Abubacarr S.Camara said: “What we want is quality tourists. “Tourists that come to enjoy the country and the culture, but not tourists that come just for sex.” Camara said The Gambia wants to move away from its reputation for sex tourism and promote its many attractions. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares check-in tip - ‘won’t need to queue Known as “The Smiling Coast”, The Gambia gained independence in 1965 with sex tourism surging in the 1990s. Young male sex workers, sometimes known locally as “beach boys” have been spotted with older women on nights out. Some are then seen accompanying the older female tourists out of clubs after enjoying a night out. Many men working in this industry have been drawn into it due the lack of jobs and low wages in The Gambia. Some of the men can earn £200 for one day’s work which is equivalent to an average month’s salary in The Gambia. Many of the older clients are thought to be tourists from the UK, the Netherlands, Sweden and Germany. Occasionally transactions are arranged online before the tourist arrives and sex workers pick them up at the airport. Some of the men may be underage and they are also at an increased risk of exploitation. READ MORE: Tourist taxes: The countries Britons have to pay to visit The Gambia’s tourism board is now determined to move the country away from sex tourism and focus on other attractions. The Government is considering plans to make it easier for police to arrest clients and sex workers. The national coordinator at the Child Protection Alliance, Lamin Fatty, has said the British Government should step in to stop British tourists from exploiting young men. Fatty told The Daily Telegraph: “The High Commission has shown some engagement. There could be much better collaboration between both countries to put solutions in place.”  On its FCO advice website, The UK Government warns tourists to be cautious of young men who approach them on the beach. It said: “Be polite but firm in refusing unwanted help or attempts at conversation.” Sex work is illegal in The Gambia but is widespread in many tourist areas with many workers meeting clients at nightlife venues or the beach. The Government says: “Most visits to The Gambia are trouble-free, although independent travellers are at increased risk due to the lack of local support in an emergency.”