KSI has undergone a dramatic body transformation ahead of his return to the ring. The British YouTube star takes on two men in one at the O2 Arena on Saturday as he laces up the gloves for the first time in nearly three years. KSI – whose real name is JJ Olatunji – kicks off his card in a bout with rapper Swarmz before closing the show three hours later against 2-5 professional boxer Luis Pineda. In order to prepare for his comeback, he has completely reshaped his body over a seven-month period and has now revealed the brutal training regiment that has got him in such wicked shape. During a recent episode of the Men’s Health series, ‘How I Build My Body’, Olatunji took viewers through one of his average sessions with trainer Alexis Demetriades. KSI starts his routine with skipping and shadow boxing before carrying out various drills including grappling and live situational partner work. ‘Nightmare’ then utilises resistance bands for training his punching power, performs gruelling strength conditioning exercises and finishes off his sessions with neck training to increase punch resistance. Talking at the end of the video, KSI gave his thoughts on training and what motivates him to work so hard, saying: “Why do I do it? I love the drive it gives me. I love the purpose it gives me. I feel like I’m able to challenge my body every day, push my body to the limit and keep on pushing. “I compare it to Goku or Vegeta or those anime – where Goku it looks like he’s released all his power and then somehow against his villain who’s beaten him he manages to find some extra bit of juice from somewhere, some extra bit of energy from something to keep going and he’s able to defeat his opponent. So, for me I use that and bring it into my boxing. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua 'wasn't being lied to' as Oliver responds to viral clip KSI has Fury plan as private chat leaked before Swarmz and Pineda Joshua was living a 'prison lifestyle' before crushing Usyk defeat  “I’m always constantly pushing myself to the next level, trying to push myself to Super Saiyan and then Super Saiyan two, and three. For me, with my whole journey, in life, in this industry, in any industry that I’m in, I’m always just trying to see how far I can go, see how far I can push it.”