The impact streets linked to names of members of the Royal Family, their titles or residences can have on average on property value has been analysed by a comparison service. And it emerged Prince Harry has the royal name that increases house prices most. Comparison and switching provider Uswitch.com looked into property prices on royal-named streets, such as "king" and "William", and compared them to the value of other homes in the surrounding area. The data, collected in July 2022, showed streets including the Duke of Sussex's name can increase a home’s value by 7.26 percent on average. This, the analysis said, placed Harry seventh in the top 10 charts of royal-related street names adding the most value to properties. Harry's name triumphed over all the other names of members of the Royal Family when it comes to this analysis. The name of Princess Diana and Prince Charles's youngest son performed particularly well when compared to streets including "William" in their names. According to the property price data obtained from HM Land Registry, streets linked to the Duke of Sussex's name add on average 9.83 percent more value than streets including the Duke of Cambridge's name. The name William in streets was found to have an average 2.57 percent decrease in property value when compared to one of houses in the surrounding areas. Streets named after Prince Harry are most common in Cheshire East, where 42 out of the total 374 scattered across the country can be found. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice 'clashed' with Eugenie over Meghan and Harry snub The research, which considered the property price paid data for England and Wales between January 2017 and April 2022 and the property sale values in Scotland after January 2017, also found Prince George's name is the most successful in increasing property values when considering the Queen's 12 great-grandchildren's names. The eldest son of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, is the only royal child found to have a name positively affecting, by 0.86 percent on average, the value of homes. Streets named after Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte both cause a decrease in home value, at -2.88 percent and -4.51 percent on average respectively. The royal-related word found to give the strongest boost to property value when used in a street name is "palace", Uswitch wrote. The London borough of Bromley has most streets including the word palace in their names - 163 out of 1,160. Palace-themed street names, the research said, can raise the value of a home up to a fifth, 20.40 percent, when compared to residences' costs in the surrounding areas. The second-best performing word linked to royalty when it comes to properties is "royal", found to increase an average of 19.86 percent to property value. The word "duchess" comes in the third position with an average increase of 12.96 percent on property value, followed by the 9.22 percent boost provided by the word "duke". The local jurisdictions in which a royal street name appeared to have the biggest impact on home value is the London borough of Tower Hamlets, the study found. There, the research claimed, the average of property prices could increase by 29.85 percent when homes are on royal-themed streets. The borough counts more than 340 street names linked to royalty. The UK includes more than 140,000 royal-inspired street names on its territory. The impact of royal street names on property value can vary wildly from location to location, the study noted.