Dean Martin, who died aged 78 in 1995, is among a stellar cast as he plays the town drunk in Rio Bravo, which airs on BBC Two from 1.15pm today. His character in the 1959 western is tasked with helping John Wayne, the sheriff, as the pair attempt to keep a ruthless cattle baron in prison while he faces a murder charge. The film is often cited as one of the greatest westerns of all time, with the American Film Institute nominating it among the top 10 in a 2008 survey. It was a landmark film for Martin, who was beginning to find the critical acclaim his acting deserved, with turns in films such as Rio Bravo and Ocean's 11. In 1959, for his role in Who Was That Lady? he was nominated for a Best Actor award at the Golden Globes, though the award went to Jack Lemmon in Some Like It Hot. But it was his exploits alongside New Jersey legend Frank Sinatra that would be his enduring legacy, as the duo, with the help of Sammy Davis Jr, found universal fame in the Rat Pack. Such was the depth of their friendship that rings were made to show the strength of their relationship. Journalist Aubree Reynolds, writing in Closer magazine this year, explained: "Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin have been married on a number of instances, however their love for each other was steadfast. "The buddies and collaborators carried out songs, comedic sketches, and feature-length movies. "As an emblem of their lasting friendship, Sinatra had rings specifically made for them." She added: "On an extra intimate degree, Sinatra confirmed his appreciation for Martin by way of custom-made pinky rings with an emerald-cut diamond. JUST IN: Frank Sinatra used Mafia links to show kindness to Bond villain star "Martin reportedly by no means took his off." Reports show that Sinatra inherited the title of the Rat Pack's leader from Humphrey Bogart, and the gang was initially born out of a drunken weekend in Las Vegas. Actor Lauren Bacall saw the group looking tired after their exploits and said: "You look like a goddamn rat pack.” To begin, Bogart led the gang, which also had the likes of Bacall, Sinatra and Judy Garland in reported "management" positions. DON'T MISS:Frank Sinatra 'convinced' Marilyn Monroe was 'murdered' [ANALYSIS]Happy Birthday to the man Frank Sinatra called 'the greatest singer' [INSIGHT]Quentin Tarantino slams ‘terrible’ Bond song Frank Sinatra almost sang [LATEST] But after Bogart passed in 1957, Sinatra took on the role as Leader of the Pack, and then introduced the likes of Martin, Davis Jr and Peter Lawford to the squad. Martin's daughter Deanna told the Desert Sun that the chemistry between the stars, who would perform on stage to delighted audiences, was what made them timeless. She said: "To watch them on stage together was brilliant because you could see the love in their eyes, the respect for each other." She also reflected on the warmth between her father and Sinatra, recalling a joke they would make on stage. Martin would say to Sinatra, "If you were a girl, I would probably be for you," while the crooner replied, "Darn it, why aren't you a girl?" Their relationship also helped make Ocean's 11 — which also starred Sinatra — such a big hit, according to Deana. She said: "In Ocean's 11, they seemed like teenage boys on the loose, though they were all in their mid-forties. "That film was a great success and became a cult favourite, not least for the glimpse it offered of the inner workings of the Rat Pack." Martin's other daughter, Gail, told PEOPLE magazine that "it was so fun to be with Dad and Uncle Frank because they were so funny". She added: “And they had the best time – but they always had the best time together.” Rio Bravo airs on BBC Two from 1.15pm today.