After she returned to EastEnders, Letitia Dean made headlines due to her dramatic alteration in appearance. During her time away from the show, she dropped a whopping four dress sizes in just four months. But what did she do to achieve such a dramatic drop in weight? The soap star has admitted in the past that she has been mocked for her size, with people telling her she was “too fat”. Having wanted to slim down for a while, Letitia started to notice it was the food she was eating that was the major cause of her weight issues. Not only that, but it also began impacting her moods. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake And after ditching the junk food that zapped her energy, she felt alive. "It was incredible," she exclaimed of her amazing transformation. "I found I had so much more energy than when I used to eat junk food." Following her return, fans took to social media to share their opinions on her new look, stating her weight loss "took years" off of her. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] So what does Letitia eat now? She revealed she only focused on "healthy food" now that helped her to shed her unwanted pounds. She explained: "Pitta bread with a grilled skinless chicken breast, for instance, and lots of greens." She also put herself into a calorie deficit, dropping her daily intake to 1,300 in order to lose weight. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim A calorie deficit is the energy your body requires to maintain your current weight, minus your dietary calorie intake. According to WebMD, if a person wants to begin a calorie deficit, a good rule of thumb for healthy weight loss is a deficit of around 500 calories per day. If done correctly, this could promote the loss of about one pound per week. Letitia has been on our screens for years, since joining the show back in 1985. Over time, fans have watched as her weight has fluctuated with the actress previously stating she'd tried every fad diet on the market. "The cabbage soup diet, the Atkins and a really disgusting eggs-only diet," she said in the past. But now she's found something that really works, and it's safe to say fans are majorly impressed.