The heavyweight champion spurred concern amongst his fans after he was recently spotted using a wheelchair while passing through Miami International Airport. In a recent admission, Tyson said he was suffering from sciatica, a condition characterised by throbbing pain in the lower back, hips and legs. Tyson discussed his health woes during a recent interview with Newsmax TV, where he admitted sciatica was the only health condition he contends with. He said: “I have sciatica every now and then, it flares up. When it flares up, I can’t even talk! Thank God it’s the only health problem I have. I’m splendid now. “Everybody in my house is truly blessed and we’re all very grateful for whatever we have.” Tyson has been spotted using a wheelchair and holding a wooden stick on two separate occasions in the past two weeks, sparking concerns about his health. READ MORE: Arthritis: The alcoholic drink that could ease joint pain The heavyweight, who said back pain made him quit boxing, has previously suffered a painful flare-up that left him bedridden for two weeks in 2020. According to the NHS, sciatica is a condition where the sciatic nerve becomes irritated or compressed. The nerve stretches down the lower back, through the hips and down to the feet, causing debilitating pain when it is injured. Alongside pain, symptoms can include tingling, numbness, and weakness. These symptoms tend to be concentrated in the: Left untreated, the pain and discomfort may become debilitating and severely compromise a person’s quality of life. Symptoms may be particularly pronounced during the night or become aggravated by the slightest motion. The athlete’s admission comes days after he addressed his longevity predictions during a recent episode of his HotBoxin’ podcast. He said: “We’re all going to die one day of course. READ MORE: Chronic back pain: New ‘hope’ for effective treatment “When I look in the mirror, I see those little spots on my face. I say ‘wow. That means my expiration date is coming close, really soon.” Sciatica is relatively common, affecting between 10 and 40 percent of the population at some stage of their life. It is most often caused by inflammation, bone enlargement due to arthritis, or displaced herniated disk in the lower spine. Taming the pain of sciatica is no easy feat, but a combination of treatments, including home remedies and self-care can offer relief. Health bodies recommend that anyone with sciatica avoid high-impact sports, exercise or any movement that put a strain on the nerve. Postures that promote pain should also be avoided, and extra steps should be taken to improve flexibility, mobility and strength. In fact, many of the exercises recommended for managing pain are equally relevant for the prevention of the condition. The Mayo Clinic explains regular exercise is needed “to keep your back strong.” It continues: “Pay special attention to your muscles - the muscles in your abdomen and lower back that are essential for proper posture and alignment."