Britons are increasingly looking for better ways to protect their money and mental health amid the rise in the cost of living. Inflation is expected to soar past 13 percent in the coming months and energy bills are likely to exceed £3,600 by October. Mental health and money experts are offering advice to people looking to navigate the likely recession which is set to hit households later in the year. Cheryl Lythgoe, a matron at Benenden Health, discussed the symbiotic relationship between financial pressure and poor mental health. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ms Lythgoe said: “At a time where the cost of living continues to rise, many households are understandably feeling increased stress or concern over their finances. “It is well known that our finances have a significant impact on our mental health, with almost half of UK adults telling us that this is the biggest cause of stress in their day-to-day lives.” She also highlighted a recent survey carried out by Benenden Health which found that half of adults are already financially worse due to the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out This research also showed that a quarter of the UK population’s mental health has worsened over this period of time. My Lythgoe added: “Our research also identified that females are more likely to be experiencing worsening mental health due to the cost of living crisis compared to males, with 25 percent of women expressing this worry compared to 21 percent of men. “Almost a third of the nation have experienced increased stress during the cost of living crisis, with the same amount reporting poor sleep as a result, which has a significant knock-on effect on not just our mental wellbeing, but also our physical health.” The mental health expert also highlighted the signs people should be aware of which shows people are mentally struggling due to financial stress. “We may find that a coping mechanism can be to isolate ourselves – this could be secondary to not having the financial or mental resources to face the outside world,” she explained. “Think about those missed lunch dates, after work drinks or birthday parties. "Everyone has times when we just don’t feel like it, or can’t afford it, but if there is a pattern forming it might be worth having that conversation. “If you do feel there is financial pressure, but your friend/family member isn’t ready to talk, consider some free activities such as a self-made picnic, a walk, or some volunteering – all of these will enable support without further financial pressure.” READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments In light of this cost of living-induced mental health crisis, financial experts are sharing how people can better address their concerns over managing money and mental health. With inflation and energy bills on the rise, older Britons are among the groups likely to be most vulnerable in the coming months. Colin Dyer, a client director at abrdn, outlined why those approaching retirement should contact a financial adviser immediately to relieve any anxieties they have about their future. Mr Dyer explained: “It’s clear that this growth in retirement anxiety is being fuelled by the cost of living crisis and worries about the economic landscape. “We are seeing more and more of this every day with our clients. “Planning for retirement early can help alleviate worries and anxiety and people shouldn’t be embarrassed to raise issues they are not sure or concerned about – ‘it’s ok not to know’. “There are enormous benefits to seeking advice from a professional adviser, in order to get a clearer understanding of income and savings and how to best prepare for this important life stage.”