Some soaps like EastEnders and Coronation Street have been heated rivals over the years. Whenever awards season arrives, their competitive streak traditionally shines through when the actors pick up their gongs. However, Down Under that mentality is not present with the two soaps. Emily Symons explained how the cast of Home and Away were saddened by Neighbours' fate. Emily Symons reflected on the ending of Neighbours and admitted she felt upset by the demise of the Ramsay Street show. Despite starring in Home and Away, on and off, since 1989 - there was no party for the loss of one of TV's most iconic shows. The former Emmerdale star appeared on This Morning and conversation naturally turned to the long-running Australian soap. In an interview on This Morning, Emily chatted to Craig Doyle and Rochelle Humes about how she felt following the soap's finale. Read More: Sally Nugent children: Does the BBC breakfast host have any children? Craig posed the cheeky question as to whether Emily and her fellow cast members might be feeling happy now they will have all the Australian soap airtime in the UK. But, Emily graciously disagreed with the co-host and replied: "No, no, not at all, we're all very sad for our colleagues and our friends in Melbourne." The soap star continued and reflected on the final episode in Neighbours, she added: "Wasn't the finale the most beautiful episode you've ever seen? "It was so emotional and wonderful to see all the old characters coming back - it was really special."‘ The Aussie actor returned to star as Marilyn Chambers for the first time in 1995. After a stint in Emmerdale playing Woolpack barmaid Louise Appleton in 2001 for seven years, she returned home and has since reprised her role as the bubbly hairdresser Marilyn. Since 2010, Marilyn has been a mainstay of the Summer Bay soap. Marilyn's lighthearted approach to life and natural funny bones has made her one of the show's most popular ever characters. DON'T MISS...Home and Away’s fate confirmed after Channel 5 axes Neighbours [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ Maria Connor’s online troll [ARTICLE] Neighbours' fate may have been sealed when Channel 5 pulled the plug on the show after featuring it on UK screens for 37 years. But, the future of Home and Away looks stronger than ever. Some fans of Australian soaps may have feared the worst when they saw fellow soap Neighbours was no longer flavour of the month. However, Channel 5, which also hosts Home and Away, will not be doing the same with the fellow Australian TV show. The channel's boss Ben Frow told Radio Times: “It’s a life-of-series deal, so it’s not going anywhere until the makers decide to cancel it.” Giving hope to expectant fans, he also teased the network's plans for the future. Ben revealed: “I think it will be interesting to see what we do with it as we evolve.” The show has been running for almost as long as Neighbours, clocking up 34 years and there's no sign of that stopping. Home and Away airs on Channel 5 every weekday at 1.15pm