The hotel felt like a much needed drink of water in the desert for myself & my guest - desperate for a kid-free break after two years locked inside with children. Any part of Greece is stunning, and the Ixian Grand hotel, nestled right on the beach in Rhodes, was no exception. Rooms We plumped for a suite, which I couldn't recommend more. Firstly, they are huge, with one of the largest hotel beds I've ever enjoyed, a spacious living area and bathroom with a sunken bath plus separate shower. But the real draw is the private pool. Facing out to sea, the view from our private terrace was one of endless blue - a true tonic from grey London skies. Plus, having your own pool area means missing out on any rush for a bed in the main beach and pool areas. Walking around the grounds, we noticed rooms all seemed to have either a balcony or sea views (or both), so every guest is spoiled in some way, even if a suite is beyond your budget. If you can afford it though, a suite is definitely the best option for privacy, unspoiled views, and total luxury - I can see why the suites seemed popular with honeymooners and couples. Restaurants Food is one area the hotel really excels, particularly if you are in a suite and have access to the suite-only Alazonia Suites restaurant. This was my personal favourite, with a delicious array of a la carte options at breakfast and dinner. Everything was beautifully presented and lovely staff were only too happy to chat through the menu and make recommendations. That's not to say other restaurants around the hotel were slacking - there are several fantastic options. Milonges serves traditional Greek food, overlooking the main pool, for lunch and dinner. Portions were generous, and we definitely over-ordered in excitement. For something more unusual, don't miss Muza Htista, which serves Japanese and Peruvian fusion. The sushi was outstanding, and again, portions generous. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served buffet style in Vis a Vis, and there was plenty of choice at every meal, from pancakes at breakfast to fresh pasta at dinner. Amenities As mentioned, suites come with a private pool. For non-suite guests, there is the quiet pool, or the main pool adjacent to the beach. The most popular area for lounging is of course the beach. The beds are on sand, although it is worth noting this turns to pebbles as you enter the water - many returning guests came equipped with beach shoes. There is also a spa, although neither of us wanted to tear ourselves away from the sunshine to have a treatment, but it does look gorgeous, and if it is anything like everything else on offer here, it will be of a very high quality. One of the best extras the hotel offers is the chance to explore. Greece is steeped in history, and reception are more than happy to organise day trips out for guests (at extra cost). The Final Word Staff were lovely, the setting was unbeatable, the food was top notch...honestly, if you want a relaxing break, you would be hard-pressed to beat the Ixian Grand. I've recommended the hotel to my mum for a late summer break - truly the highest praise I can give any hotel really! Book now and let the stresses of the last couple of years melt away. For more information and to book, visit the hotel website at www.theixiangrand.gr/