Meghan Markle, 41, has released the latest episode of her podcast called Archetypes, this time interviewing legendary singer Mariah Carey, 53. The archetype focused on in this episode was the word "diva", which has been associated with Ms Carey for her entire career. Judi James, a professional body language expert and speech analyst spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to examine Meghan's interactions with Mariah Carey. She said: "This was a guaranteed gush-chat and neither Meghan nor Mariah disappoint, although it’s the direction of the gush at one point that is interesting. "After her introduction, Meghan tells us in a congruent tone that she is excited to meet Mariah but it’s Mariah herself who goes off the scale in terms of vocal tone to register higher levels of excitement and awe to be meeting Meghan, almost appearing to pin her up as the bigger star," the expert claimed. How does Mariah do this? Judi added: "Mariah sucks in a long, deep, gasp-like breath before performing an extended ‘Hiii Meghan....’ that is sung rather than spoken. READ MORE: Princess Anne’s ‘most annoying’ habit exposed by Zara Tindall "It’s a very flattering display that seems to encourage Meghan to swerve away momentarily from her more serious, intellectual quest to ‘pull apart’ words and connotations that relate to feminism and pile straight into an equally gasping and awe-inspired description of Mariah’s ‘silk embroidered gown that is wrapped around her gorgeous canary diamond’. "Meghan expands this into a more self-effacing, relatable moment when she speaks of her own ‘mom dress with dog hairs’. "The Duchess begins the ‘proper’ conversation with ‘something I can relate to...’ which turns out to be not her own silken gowns and gorgeous diamonds, but a ‘constant struggle to find her place and fit in’. "As a serious interviewer, Meghan tends to use the tools of empathy, parallel personal disclosure and shared experiences during her discussions and this aspect does seem important to her. "When Mariah talks about having ‘No money, no nothing, I didn’t fit in...’ Meghan says ‘I understand that’ to suggest she has suffered similar pain and similar experiences, rather than keeping it solely on Mariah by asking how that felt and how she coped," the expert suggested. What other "noises" does Meghan make to relate to Ms Carey? Judi explained: "We can hear Meghan’s noises of sympathetic and empathetic agreement as Mariah speaks, meaning we get to learn things about two world-famous women at the same time. "At one point it is Mariah asking Meghan questions and we find out from her that there was more focus on her race ‘when I started dating my husband.....’ which was ‘...when things really moved...’ READ MORE: Meghan's 'constant struggle' with fitting in as 'light-skinned woman' "By speaking like this Meghan tends to leave her fans wanting to hear more. "What moved? What happened? This style of disclosure leads to double-layered listening," Judi opined. What were fans "left wondering" as a result of the podcast?  Judi commented: "We hear Mariah’s incredible vocal range and about how her mother was an opera singer. "But at the same time, we’re left wondering what 'not fitting in' meant to Meghan and what she meant when she said things ‘really moved’ after she met Harry." Last week's episode of Archetypes featured tennis star, Serena Williams. Serena was a guest at Meghan Markle's wedding in 2018. The guests on future episodes include comedian Amanda Seales and social activist Margaret Cho.