Bravo’s hit reality series Below Deck Sailing Yacht has had fans hooked since it first premiered in 2020. After the show came to an end in June, a major clue suggests the yachties could soon return to sea for a potential fourth season.   Fans of the Below Deck franchise were often left on the edge of their seats as they witnessed non-stop drama, onboard romances and tantrums from guests. The show provides insight into the workings of a luxury sailing yacht and the personal lives of its crew members. Alongside an onboard chef and captain, the team work tirelessly to provide affluent guests with an unforgettable time at sea. As well as catering to demanding guests, the crew can often butt heads which often leads to drunken feuds. READ MORE: Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain'    Season three ended on a happy note for those onboard the Parsifal III as they celebrated their first guest wedding. During the penultimate episode, the crew welcomed engaged couple Allegra Gray and Gabe Szczepanek and their friends as the final charter guests. Although the guests were more high maintenance than they were used to, the crew rallied to ensure the couple had a great wedding experience on the yacht. In the end chief stew Daisy Kelliher caught the bouquet, which caused her on-again, off-again partner Gary King to throw himself into the ocean and shout: “I'm not marrying you, Daisy!” READ MORE: 'Not a good lesson' Amanda Owen breaks down after tragic loss at farm   Although bosses have remained tight-lipped about an upcoming instalment, fans could be in luck after the stars dropped a huge clue. The Instagram fan page @BelowDeckAboveAverage exposed the major hint after an observant viewer noticed an interesting detail. The user posted a collage that pictured screenshots from crew members Daisy and Gary’s accounts. The post included Captain Glenn Shephard who was snapped alongside Gary, however, the fan noticed all three crew members were wearing the same uniform. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star [INSIGHT]Below Deck returning star ‘nervous’ to reunite with Captain Sandy [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Natasha admits ‘it was wrong’ to keep romance secret [INSIGHT]   The image was captioned: “Not Daisy/Glenn & Gary seemingly posting all in the same uniform.” This sparked a frenzy in the comment section with thousands of other fans speculating and sharing their excitement for season four. A suspicious @petitesyrahsara wrote: “They posted the same view the other night too!!! I replied to her story and said hmmm posted the same view as Gary and Daisy replied: haha.” [Sic] Whereas a relived @mattmottet stated: “Thank god. I hate when there’s a whole new crew each season.”  READ MORE: Virgin River's Grayson Gurnsey pays tribute to star after exit   @denscott14 commented: “She’s in the cockpit of Parsifal so I guess they are working together…yayyyy!!” [Sic] @kristentuckar.11added: “Omg!!! I so hope this is true.” An excited @becx_world commented: ”Yes we need this!!” As bosses are yet to confirm if a fourth season could be in the works, fans will have to stay tuned for more news. Below Deck Sailing Yacht seasons 1-3 are available on Bravo in the US and on Hayu in the UK.