Carer’s Allowance is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It can be received if an individual cares for someone at least 35 hours a week and they get certain benefits. As the cost of living crisis continues to soar, Britons are urged to claim all the benefits they are entitled to as it could be vital in paying for rising bills. Claimants could get £69.70 a week, however carer’s risk losing access to this benefit if they fail to update the DWP regarding any life changes which could affect their claim. There are multiple scenarios which the Government department believes must be reported for someone to continue receiving their full £69.70 a week. Changes that need to be reported include: READ MORE: Woman breaks down in tears after losing 'last bit of money she had' in cruel scam  This means any period when they spend less than 35 hours a week caring for the other person. The person you care for must still receive their disability benefit. Individuals must tell DWP if they temporarily stop providing care and: If someone has been paid too much they will have to repay the money if they did not report a change straight away, gave wrong information or were overpaid by mistake. READ MORE: The Apprentice winner shares how £250k was spent and 'most important thing' for success Who is eligible for Carer’s Allowance?People may be eligible for Carer’s Allowance if the person they care for and the type of care they provide meets certain criteria. The person you care for must already get one of these benefits: The type of care needed includes helping with washing and cooking, taking the person being cared for to a doctor’s appointment or helping with household tasks, such as managing bills and shopping. Additionally earnings should be £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance and expenses. Earnings are any income from employment and self-employment after tax, National Insurance and expenses. Expenses can include: Carer’s Allowance can affect other benefits. For example, people cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension at the same time. If the pension is £69.70 a week or more, people will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment. If the pension is less than £69.70 a week, people will get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference.