The new Conservative Party leader will be announced next Monday, with either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak elected to the top job at 10 Downing Street. Boris Johnson's final days at No. 10 have gone under the radar slightly over the last few weeks, predominantly due to the ongoing Tory leadership race and UK parliament's summer recess. He is currently touring the country in his final week as Prime Minister to celebrate the successes of his Government. But during a visit to Dorset, the outgoing Prime Minister was tight-lipped on what he will do when is replaced by either Ms Truss or Mr Sunak. Mr Johnson instead attempted to switch the focus to highlight the improvement of gigabit-speed internet coverage over the past three years. During a media interview, he was asked: "There has been a lot of attention over the weekend of a comeback, potentially. "Are you going to get out of politics? Are you going to go to the backbenches? What's your plan after next Tuesday?" An enthusiastic Mr Johnson replied: "I'm concentrating on today and today is a great day, a very exciting one for me. "One of my theme tunes when I was campaigning to be leader of the Conservative Party, when I was campaigning to become Prime Minister three or four years ago, it was all about gigabit broadband. The outgoing Prime Minister is then asked if he would "rule out a comeback". He replied: "I think on the whole people in this country are more interested in their gigabit broadband than they are in the fate of this or that politician." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: EU hands out €60m lifeline for French fishermen The past year has been a roller-coaster for Mr Johnson, who began coming under intense pressure at the end 2021 over the Partygate scandal that quickly swept through Downing Street. But his demise was ultimately triggered the scandal surrounding Chris Pincher after the former deputy chief whip was accused of inappropriate behaviour. When asked if he regretted the way the allegations of misconduct had been dealt with, Mr Johnson said: "All those things have to be handled carefully and sensitively and we have processes for dealing with them, and people who have complaints should raise them in the normal way." The outgoing Prime Minister also refused to give himself a rating out of 10 for his term in office or share how he'll spend his free time from now on. DON'T MISS'Shame for Rejoiners' – 'NO predictions came out right' [COMMENTS]Campaigners' last ditch push to force Tory rule change to save Boris [LATEST]Trump brags he has illicit 'intelligence' on Macron's sex life [REPORT] He added: "Wherever I end up, I'll have the security of knowing there'll be gigabit broadband." On Monday, former leadership rival warned that Mr Johnson could try and make a comeback. The ex-Cabinet minister told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I'm afraid he has an extraordinary ego and he believes that he was badly treated. "He doesn't see the reality which is that he was a terrible Prime Minister and that he lost his job because of deep flaws of character. "And yes I fear we're going to end up with a second Berlusconi or a second Trump trying to rock back in again." Mr Stewart, a long-time critic of the outgoing Prime Minister, also told The Guardian: "I think he is dangerous and there are people out there who want him to come back. "He's going to be hovering around, hoping for a populist return."