With most of England having now moved into a state of “prolonged dry weather”, and others experiencing a hosepipe ban from August 12, caring for the garden can be worrying, especially if lots of hard work has gone into making it look nice. Nat White, Head of Brand Communications from Rated People, said: “This summer has been a particularly hot one in the UK, and we’ve seen extended periods of hot weather and little rainfall. “It’s no surprise that we’re being asked to decrease our water usage and steer clear of using hose pipes in gardens. “Although this may be daunting to those who take pride in their gardens, we’ve put together our top tips to make sure your garden and plants are still well cared for.” In extended periods of summer drought, grass and plants can turn brown or even die. Nat has shared some top tips on how gardeners can continue to look after their garden even if a hosepipe ban does come into effect across the UK. READ MORE: Peace lily: ‘Vital’ care tips for ‘difficult’ plant The expert said: “Use a watering can to water plants. “You can control the flow of water more easily than you can with a hosepipe. “It’s still legal during a hosepipe ban.” Nat also recommended watering plants and the lawn when the outside temperature is at its coolest. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [COMMENT]‘Wow factor’ flowers to plant in August [EXPLAINER]Home improvements which won’t add value to your property [INSIGHT] This tends to be in the early morning or evening. She said: “Less water will evaporate, meaning less water will be water. “Also use greywater. Greywater is household wastewater like water from your shower, sink or leftover boiling water. “Collect this to use in your garden. READ MORE: Top 10 smells which could help your home sell quicker “Water that you’ve used to boil vegetables can contain minerals so it can be great for your plants - just remember to let it cool down first to avoid damaging them.” If the drought lasts for a long time, Nat recommended considering getting a drip or trickle irrigation system. These systems are exempt from hosepipe bans because they are really efficient in how they distribute water. Nat explained: “They need to be fitted with a pressure-reducing valve and a timer and they can’t be handheld. “The timer controls how long your system is on and shuts it off automatically and the pressure-reducing valve prevents spikes in water pressure which can lead to a flood. “Make sure your system releases water drip by drip onto or beneath your soil, so you don’t see any water running off the surface or traveling through the air by jet or mist.” Gardeners can also lay bark clippings over the soil to help reduce water evaporation. Doing this can also make a drip irrigation system more effective.