 Meghan Markle marks her 41st birthday on Thursday and the Duchess of Sussex is likely to be doing so privately at her home in Montecito, California. She and her husband Prince Harry stepped down from their senior positions in the Firm and relocated to the US over two years ago. It sent shockwaves through the Royal Family and speculation of tension between the Sussexes and the Windsors has persisted ever since.  In the years that followed, Meghan and Harry sat down for interviews in which they opened up on their experiences within the Firm, publicly going against the royals’ age-old mantra: Never explain, never complain. The Queen Mother was the first to coin the well-known phrase and following Meghan and Harry’s bombshell departure from the Royal Family, it was widely said that the former-Queen Elizabeth would not have been impressed with her great-grandson's decision. However, according to unearthed reports, a surprising parallel can be found between the Queen Mother and the Duchess of Sussex. Once an outsider of the royal fold, the Queen Mother, then-Lady Elizabeth Bowes Lyon expressed fears about accepting the duties and constraints of royalty. READ MORE: 'Won't last long!' Meghan and Harry risk 'moment of reckoning' unless they mend royal rift  When the Duke of York — later King George VI — first proposed to Elizabeth, she turned him down, citing reasons that appear very similar to Meghan’s more recent reservations about the pressures of royal life. The Queen Mother later wrote about her feelings at that time, fearing that if she married into royalty, she would “never again be free to think, speak and act as I feel I really ought to". The Queen Mother's biographer William Shawcross shed more light on Bertie and Elizabeth’s courtship, writing in the Daily Telegraph in 2009: “In 1920, the Duke of York, King George V’s shy, stammering second son fell in love with Elizabeth and the letters between the young couple as, over two years, he determinedly reached out to her and she resisted life in the golden cage of royalty, are especially poignant.” But having accepted his proposal a few years later, and marrying Bertie — as he was known among members of the Royal Family — in 1923, she threw herself into public life.  Elizabeth and Bertie had two daughters together — Princess Elizabeth, later Queen Elizabeth II, in 1926, and Princess Margaret in 1930. The Queen Mother carried her husband through the trauma of the 1936 abdication, which unexpectedly brought him to the throne and changed the course of the British monarchy forever. Mr Shawcross wrote: “Of course, she managed and for another 50 years she devoted herself to her family, more than 300 regiments, charities and other organisations. “She was, throughout her life, filled with optimism, a sense of duty matched only by a sense of fun – and her appreciation of the value of a restorative drink.  “She had a consuming interest in other people, a deep love of God and a total commitment to Britain and the Commonwealth.” Her initial fears of not being able to “speak and act as I feel I really ought to” subsided as the Queen Mother rarely spoke publicly. She died less than two years later at the age of 101 as a much-loved member of the Royal Family. Mr Shawcross also claimed that the Queen Mother was particularly close to her brother-in-law, Prince Edward, later Edward VIII, until he gave up the throne to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson. DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT]  It was for this reason that some royal experts believed that the Queen Mother would not approve of Harry and Meghan’s actions. Former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond argued that the Queen Mother would have seen Megxit in a similar light to Edward’s abdication. She told OK! Magazine in March: “In the Queen Mother’s eyes they’d be opening up ancient wounds. "She’d be unbending and unforgiving.  “Here’s another prince of royal blood being taken away by an American actress — I think that’s how she would see it. "To her, it would’ve been Wallis Simpson all over again.”