Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has praised Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford after the Dutchman made history against Liverpool on Monday night. The Red Devils have gone into the game as underdogs after losing their first two Premier League fixtures of the season. But they produced a stirring performance at Old Trafford to claim all three points and leap above their fiercest rivals in the process. Few had given Manchester United even a remote chance of beating Liverpool, especially after their recent defeats at the hands of Brentford and Brighton. But goals from Sancho and Rashford gave the Red Devils all three points, ensuring they rise out of the Premier League relegation zone in the process. Ten Hag has become the first United manager to claim their first victory against Liverpool, making history in the process. And he’s identified Sancho and Rashford as players who can become a double act going forward, with the pair stepping up on a night where Cristiano Ronaldo was demoted to the bench. "In their mindset they may think I cannot do all the defending work and threat in offence but today you can see they can do it, it has to be a way of life and the will get stronger,” he told BBC Sport. “When we press this way it is difficult for opponents to get out and play their football. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd “When you win the ball, you can get in behind, dribble behind, make combinations and it makes football fun for them. That is what I saw and the get the rewards. "It starts with the mindset, they understand this is that attitude they have to bring, it starts in the preparation. “We have to enjoy in the next 24 hours but then focus on the next game. “Every game is a battle, there are no easy wins in the Premier League, that is what this team needs to understand. Therefore we need leadership and when we bring that we have good footballers." And he also said: "The first win of course brings a lot of joy. We had a difficult start but I am very happy especially for the fans and against Liverpool. "I enjoyed it from the first minute, it was such a big fight. Both teams made a huge performance and it was a great night especially for the Manchester United fans. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "We had quite a good pre-season, played on a good level then had some setbacks. “It was not easy to deal with that but when you start in the process you find out the characters and behaviours of individuals and the team and I was definitely not satisfied with that, especially against Brentford. “Today you saw the reaction, that is the attitude. “I don't think they can always bring it that far as today but you can always have energy, always focus, always fighting spirit and those demands is a base for the team to winning games.” Both Sancho and Rashford also spoke out following the contest at Old Trafford. Rashford admitted he was delighted to find the net, saying: "It is a great feeling but it was important as a team to get off the mark. Now we can build momentum and on improved performances, we all worked hard today. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "The energy levels were higher, we started the game quicker and now have to use that as a baseline, no matter the opponent. "Against a team like this opposition, the fans will always get behind us and they pushed us and kept us going. "I felt I was in some good positions throughout the game, if you are not in the areas you will never get the chances. "For me it is about my mentality, when I am happy and feel happy will play well, score goals and help the team. "When we win I am always happy, we have to keep working hard and keep pushing. "Jadon scored a great goal, he took his time, was composed and hopefully it pushed us both now. We will give everything to reach this level and go beyond it too." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Sancho himself stated: "It means a lot. Our first two games didn't go so well and had it turn it around today. "Last week hurt a lot and we knew we had to bounce back and tonight we showed the fans what we can do. "I didn't realise how much time I had, but once I dropped the defender I needed the composure to finish. "It means a lot to all of us, you can see how the fans are reacting. We got the three points but on to the next one. "We just have to produce like today in every single game. Happy we got the three points and we move on." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here