West Ham have revived their interest in signing Hans Vanaken after seeing their latest bid rejected by the Belgian outfit. According to reports in the region, David Moyes has been eyeing the central midfielder for some time and the Club Brugge star has indicated that he would like to make the move to the Premier League side. It is understood the Premier League side offered a fee up front worth £8.4million (€10m) to bring Vanaken to the London Stadium to bolster Moyes’ options in midfield, with only Tomas Soucek and Declan Rice available to in the double pivot following Mark Noble’s retirement. However, his status within the Brugge squad means they are reluctant to allow him to leave and it is claimed by Belgian outlet Het Belang van Limburg that their offer was ‘laughed off’. The club have already proved to be tough negotiators once this summer, selling star attacker Charles de Ketelaere to AC Milan for £31m. The report claims that Brugge will have the final say on Vanaken’s future, but there is a feeling of resignation that Vanaken wants to leave. And after helping Brugge to a 2-1 victory over Kortijk on Sunday, the Belgium international admitted he could leave this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd and Chelsea given Rice boost as West Ham told he will leave “It’s very difficult to say the right things now,” he told HBVL. “One thing is certain: I’ve had seven seasons here, just started my eighth and the respect between me and the club is very high. "That has been proven again today. That tifo was fantastic, I actually have no words for it. But it is clear that there is interest – enough has been written about it in the meantime. This is the last chance for me to take a step. I’ve already thought about it a lot and I want to do that.” The club’s supporters pleaded desperately for him to remain at the Jan Breydel Stadium with chants and a huge tifo in his honour during the victory, with Vanaken addressing the fans at the final whistle with a megaphone. DON'T MISS West Ham have second striker 'on their radar' after ScamaccaWest Ham target gets De Jong treatment after 'long phone call'Arsenal 'make Bowen transfer enquiry' as Edu works on 6th deal Despite taking the decision to snub their first concrete bid, West Ham have been given renewed hope of pulling off a deal before the August 31 deadline. The report says there is ‘still an opening’ after Brugge began searching for a replacement for Vanaken, which would give him the green light to leave if their demands are met. The attacking midfielder, who turns 30 on Wednesday, has scored 101 goals for the club since arriving in 2015 from FC Lommel and his proven goalscoring record has made him an attractive proposition for a number of European clubs, registering double figures for goals in every season since joining the club. A move had never materialised previously due to his happiness at playing in his native Belgium. It is not clear whether the east London side will return with another offer, but Moyes has been frustrated in his attempts to land his summer targets. The Scot has landed Gianlucca Scamacca, Maxwel Cornet and Nayef Aguerd, spending £80m in the process. But he has struggled to find a new midfielder, with Matheus Nunes turning down the Hammers to join Wolves, and Vanaken may be the solution to the 59-year-old's transfer problems.