The TV star has helped hundreds of people who follow his diet plans lose weight fast, and he even did it himself. Dr Michael Mosley revealed he lost a whopping 4kg (0.6st) in two weeks in preparation for Christmas, to allow himself to enjoy the festivities without worrying about the weight gain consequences. With there being a lot of debate about the rapid weight loss diet industry and whether it's healthy and actually works, the nutritionist explained it worked for him. He made the relevation during appearance on Australian news channel Studio 10, where he discussed the keto diet transitions. "I recommend doing [Keto] for up to eight weeks depending on how long you want to sustain it for," he said. "Lots of rapid weight loss, lots of fat burning. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Then you transition to intermittent fasting; you do it for a couple of days a week then you move over to what I call The Way of Life." He previously explained that The Way of Life phase is a "structured, nutritionally-balanced guide to eating a healthy Mediterranean-style diet for life". The Mediterranean diet encourages a variety of nutrient-dense foods, including fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, whole grains, and heart-healthy foods. Dr Mosley continued to tell the presenters: "I stuck myself on this diet before Christmas and I lost 4kg (0.6st) in two weeks and about 4cm off my waist, so a lot of it was fat. DON'T MISS... Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I got my belt in a notch and my blood sugar and blood pressure - which had been creeping up - I brought them back down." He explains it's a method that works because the Mediterranean diet tackles hunger cues for unhealthy food. "People tend to eat the wrong foods because it feels good to do so," he said. "When you bite down into a muffin or dive into a packet of crisps, you are responding to carefully-designed cues, put in place by food manufacturers, to use food as a defence not just against hunger, but against stress. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "The Mediterranean-style diet tackles this problem at its root. "Based on the diet that has been enjoyed for centuries by people living in and around Southern Europe, it avoids processed foods, is free from added sugar and refined carbohydrates, and instead uses ingredients that have been scientifically proven to make you feel good." The Mediterranean diet has become hugely popular because it is full of good foods that provide numerous health benefits. It has been linked to a long list that includes: Weight loss Healthy blood sugar levels Heart health Brain function