Ants are more common during the summer months, and you may have begun to notice them skittering around your home. While many people are aware that food and crumbs can attract these tiny insects into your home, there is a common mistake which might be welcoming even more inside. Experts from Household Hacker explained that even the smallest trace of sugar or sweetness made accessible to ants could attract hordes. In a Youtube video, the experts revealed that indoor recycling bins can end up being a haven for ants. They said: "Obviously the best way to avoid an ant infestation is to make sure you leave nothing behind that they want. "The sugar left over on something even as tiny as the lip of a soda can is enough to send one little solider back to his nest for backup. READ MORE: Property: Budget hacks to replicate ‘luxurious aesthetic’ in your home "So before you toss your cans and bottles in the bin give them a light rinse to get rid of any sweet coating that might remain. "Just because you can't see anything doesn't mean it's not there so make sure to always rinse your recyclables before they get stories." This also applies to any areas of your home where there are leftover crumbs. Make sure to properly clean up any residual food waste or crumbs thoroughly. If you do happen to notice ants regularly frequenting an area of your home, such as your recycling storage, there are some ways to deter them. Peppermint oil is a great, natural way to keep ants at bay by attacking their strong sense of smell. Experts from Pest Pointers explained: "The major chemical compounds found in peppermint oil are terpene, alcohol, and menthol. "These are each natural fumigants, meaning that the plant has evolved these compounds specifically to repel insects and rodents." Basically, peppermint is toxic to ants, and they know from the smell that they should keep well away. Gardens Nursery reports that a field study done in Germany found that ants responded to the smell of peppermint by moving up away from the plant. Scientists positioned peppers at different heights on different plants but all were coated with a mint scent. The peppermint plants with no mint scent had no ant movement around them. DON'T MISS‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants [COMMENT]'Hack' to clean glass and mirrors without using chemicals [INSIGHT]How to stop house flies invading your home using 70p common spice [EXPLAINER] As peppermint is a natural substance, it is safe to use in your kitchen and other areas of your home. To deter ants using peppermint oil, mix 10 to 20 drops of essential oil with two cups of water. Transfer this into a clean plastic spray bottle, then spray the mixture around the affected area of your home. Allow the mixture to dry and then repeat the process as needed.