Want to find out how to watch the F1 Belgium Spa GP for 2022? We've got all the details on how to watch Formula One's big return from its summer break. If you want to watch F1 live in the UK you will need to tune in to Sky Sports F1 with lights out at 2pm UK time. Sky Q, Sky Glass and Sky+ HD need to head to channel number 406 to watch the F1 coverage. The Sky Sports add-on for Sky Q usually costs £32 a month but is available right now for £18, while on Sky Glass its £25 a month. You can sign-up to Sky Sports ahead of today's race so you don't miss a single second of the latest round of the 2022 season. If you miss the iconic race live highlights will be shown on Sky Sports F1 from 5.30pm. Virgin TV 360 and BT TV viewers can also access Sky Sports, while it's also available via the contract-free NOW service which you can watch on your Smart TV, on streaming devices such as an Amazon Fire TV Stick, through your PlayStation and Xbox or on the official app for Android and iOS smartphones and tablets. While Sky has the exclusive rights to broadcast F1 live in the UK, for regions around the world it varies - with races shown via platforms like Sky, DAZN, ESPN, Viaplay and also through the official F1 TV Pro subscription service that is available in regions outside of the UK. If you live outside of the UK, then check if the F1 TV Pro service - which currently is priced at €64.99 - is available in your region. If you're on holiday, it might be possible to use a VPN to change your location. For those not in the know, a VPN - which stands for virtual private network - changes your IP address to make it appear that you're in a different country. An IP address is the unique identifier for your device which you need to connect to the internet and it reveals your current location. When you turn to a VPN it lets you change your IP address so it makes it look like you're in a different country. This also lets VPN users get past geo blocking restrictions on region-specific content and websites. If you want to try out a VPN service at a bargain price then good news! Our favourite VPN for streaming – ExpressVPN – is giving away 3-months free for all new sign-ups. Not only that, but you'll also get a 49% discount. Formula One fans that are based in Austria or Luxembourg will be able to tune into the Belgium Grand Prix entirely for free this week. That's because Austria's free-to-air ServusTV platform and Luxembourg's RTL Zwee will be broadcasting every session of this weekend's Grand Prix for free online. F1 is back from its summer break with the best drivers in the world heading to the iconic Spa Francorchamps circuit. Going into today's race reigning champ Max Verstappen leads the title standings from nearest rival Charles Leclerc. The Red Bull star has a whopping 80 point lead over his Ferrari compatriot, but it's a case of what could have been for the Italian icons. Persistent poor strategy calls, unreliability and some driver mistakes have all led to Ferrari losing plenty of ground to Red Bull. Interestingly though, this weekend - where rain could fall at Spa - will see the two title protagonists start from the back of the grid. Both Verstappen and Leclerc have received penalties for using too many engine parts so far this season. If Ferrari want to bring themselves back into the title fight then they'll have to start consistently outscoring Verstappen and Red Bull to overcome the huge gap in the standings. Speaking ahead of the Belgium Grand Prix, Leclerc refused to point the figure at anyone for Ferrari's struggles this year. The Monegasque driver said: "I don’t want to point the finger at a single thing. We have to grow, examine the things that are wrong and overcome them." While speaking about team principal Mattia Binotto Leclerc described him as: "Very calm, in the most difficult moments his coolness of mind is of great help". MORE LIKE THIS