Francisco Cerundolo has insisted that Novak Djokovic is not a "villain" within the sport but simply "authentic". Djokovic is widely regarded as one of the greatest tennis players of all-time, having won 21 Grand Slam titles across his career. He is second on the all-time list among men's players, just one title win behind Rafael Nadal. Despite his on-court success, Djokovic has become a highly controversial figure within the sport in recent years due to his stance over the Covid vaccine. Djokovic has refused to get the vaccine, but says he is not "completely against vaccines". And world number 25 Cerundolo has defended Djokovic while comparing him to Nadal and Roger Federer. Speaking on the 3iguales podcast, Cerundolo said: "I don't see Novak Djokovic as a villain. JUST IN: Five US Open contenders including Kyrgios amid Djokovic uncertainty "Quite the contrary. What happens is that people are very much in love with [Roger] Federer and [Rafael] Nadal. "Novak says what he feels, it's authentic. Surely, Novak will pass both in Grand Slams won. "Djokovic is the one who moves the most to help the players who earn the least. To those who play Futures or challengers." DON'T MISSDjokovic's wife responds after magazine calls out Serb amid US sagaNovak Djokovic withdraws from tournament after vaccine stance issuesDjokovic social media row erupts Australian tennis star feels the heat Djokovic looks set to miss the US Open this year due to his vaccination stance, with America's Covid restrictions requiring foreigners to be vaccinated in order to enter the country. The Serbian reiterated after his Wimbledon victory that he has no intention of getting vaccinated in order to compete at Flushing Meadows and believes it is unlikely that he will be given an exemption. "I'm not vaccinated and I'm not planning to get vaccinated so the only good news I can have is them removing the mandated green vaccine card or whatever you call it to enter United States or exemption," he said. "I don't know. I don't think exemption is realistically possible."