Anne Heche, 53, is in a stable condition following her horrific car crash, according to her exes. The Psycho movie star reportedly sustained severe burns from the incident, and was rushed to hospital after her car crashed into a house in LA and burst into flames. The Ally McBeal actress, who dated US talk show host Ellen DeGeneres for three years from 1997, was intubated as part of her treatment.  However, two of Anne’s ex-partners have now claimed she is set to recover, while sharing an update on the star’s health.  Actor Thomas Jane, who Anne dated from 2019 until 2020, said: "While Anne and I are no longer an item, today's tragic news was devastating to me and to all who love her. "My heart goes out to Anne and her two sons. READ MORE... Anne Heche 'rushed to hospital with burns as car crashes into house'  “As of right now Anne is stable and expected to pull through.”    He added to the Daily Mail: “My thoughts and prayers are with Anne, one of the true talents of her generation. Thank God no one else was hurt.”    Anne’s ex-boyfriend James Tupper also paid tribute to the film star after the accident, sending her his prayers.    James took to Instagram to post a photo of Anne and the son they share, writing: "Thoughts and prayers for this lovely woman, actress and mother tonight anneheche."  He went on to add “we love you”, alongside a red love heart emoji. Anne and James were in a relationship from 2007 until 2018 and the former couple welcomed their son together in 2008. The actress shares her second son with cameraman Coleman "Coley" Laffoon, whom she dated from 2000 to 2007. Anne’s publicist issued a statement on her accident yesterday, saying: “Anne is currently in stable condition. DON'T MISS:Ulrika Jonsson blasts ‘arrogant' Rebekah Vardy’s ‘plea for sympathy' [OPINION]Victoria Beckham ‘fears losing Brooklyn amid rift with Nicola Peltz’ [COMMENT]Piers Morgan left 'heartbroken' after Archie Battersbee’s death [TWITTER] “Her family asks for your thoughts and prayers.  “We ask to respect her privacy during this difficult time. Thank you.”  In the aftermath of the accident, LAFD Capt. Erik Scott said: “We really had a multifaceted incident here.  “We had a significant traffic collision, we had entrapment of a woman inside that, we had car that erupted into fire, and then we had a home that had significant fire that is red tagged. It's at this point destroyed.” The fire caused by the crash was attended by 59 firefighters, and it took them 65 minutes "to access, confine and fully extinguish the stubborn flames within the heavily damaged structure".  Although the house involved in the crash is now “uninhabitable”, the homeowner was unharmed, according to officials.  Anne previously faced backlash over her romance with Ellen, but her Hollywood co-star from Six Days, Seven Nights, Harrison Ford, shared his support amid the actress’ tough situation.  Harrison phoned Anne at the time and candidly told her: "Frankly my dear, I don’t give a damn who you’re sleeping with!  "We have a romantic comedy to make. Let’s make it the best one that’s ever happened." 