Nigel Farage has hit out at the next in line to the throne after the latest in a series of donation scandals involving Prince Charles. “He’s just, month after month, doing the Royal Family so much damage,” Mr Farage argued on Tuesday during an appearance on Australian TV. Mr Farage told Sky News Australia: "I'll tell you what, there are many people Charles could raise money from but to go to the Bin Laden family begs the question, how can somebody who is supposedly intelligent be that damn stupid? "All of this of course, on the back, you remember the story just a couple of months ago, of the million euros that he was given in a suitcase in 500 euro notes, the guy clearly has no judgement at all. "In this case, it's even worse because the press reports that have not been denied, are that those around him said to Charles, for goodness sake do not take money from the Bin Ladens and in a boneheaded and stupid way he proceeded. "He's just month after month doing the royal family so much damage." READ MORE: Look, Mummy! Charlotte leaves mum Kate open-mouthed in adorable new Commonwealth pictures Mr Farage added: "I mean as if they haven't got enough trouble with Prince Andrew already. "So it really is I'm afraid. "I'm afraid I'm actually very, very worried about it. "I've always been a bit of a Charles sceptic when it came to the whole question of succession. Now I think there are some really major question marks."  The Sunday Times said Charles secured the money from Bakr bin Laden, the patriarch of the wealthy Saudi family, and his brother Shafiq, who are both half-brothers of the former al-Qaida leader. There is no suggestion that either was involved is Osama Bin Laden's terrorist activities. Clarence House strongly disputes many of the claims, saying the decision to accept the donation to his charity, the Prince of Wales's Charitable Fund (PWCF), was taken solely by trustees. It was reported that Charles, 73, had a private meeting with Bakr, 76, at Clarence House in London on October 30, 2013, two years after Osama bin Laden was killed by US special forces in Pakistan. He agreed to the donation despite the objections of advisers at Clarence House and the PWCF, where the money was deposited, the newspaper said. DON'T MISS It was also said that several advisers pleaded with the prince in person to return the money and that he was told by one of his household staff it "would not be good for anybody". Clarence House disputed many of the claims and Sir Ian Cheshire, chairman of PWCF, said the donation was agreed "wholly" by the five trustees at the time. The charity, which was founded in 1979 with a mission to transform lives and build sustainable communities, awards grants to UK-registered non-profit organisations to deliver projects in the UK, Commonwealth and overseas. Clarence House said: "The Prince of Wales's Charitable Fund has assured us that thorough due diligence was undertaken in accepting this donation. The decision to accept was taken by the charity's trustees alone and any attempt to characterise it otherwise is false." READ NEXT: