Viewers will recognise Nicola Walker from ITV series Unforgotten, the Last Tango in Halifax and more recently, The Split. On Sunday night, the 52-year-old will make her debut in a four-part series called Marriage. The BBC drama will look at Nicola's character, Emma and her relationship with Ian (played by Sean Bean). However, in a new interview, Nicola who rarely talks about her private life has opened up about her own marriage to Barnaby Kay. Marriage will look at how Emma and Ian were bonded by a terrible event, yet it's something the couple never talk about. Despite their daughter wanting them up open up to each other, Emma and Ian just carry on with married life as normal. Nicola and her co-star Sean have six marriages between them, with The Split star admitting: "I've only got one!" Sean has been married five times, while Nicola and Barnaby have been together for 27 years." READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation Speaking about her marriage, Nicola began: “Me and my husband, because we both lost a parent young, we thought, after we had a child, we ought to get married, in case one of us dies, so that the legalities are clear. "Which is not the most romantic reason to get married but is probably the only thing that would have got me to sign a piece of paper." "I’m not a great advocate of marriage in real life," she added to Radio Times. Nicola and Barnaby met in 1994 when they both starred in a production of The Libertine. Before they tied the knot, they went on to have a son called Harry. In a previous interview, the actress even compared marriage to "going to work". "Putting on a lovely dress and make-up, learning lines, someone doing your hair … I can see that would be really appealing if you don’t do it for a living," she told Radio Times. Earlier this year, Nicola opened up about why she decided to leave her role as Cassie Stwart in Unforgotten. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little speaks out on Neville Parker exit [INSIGHT]Big Breakfast viewers 'switch off' after 10 minutes [REACTION] In 2021, fans were left gutted when the detective was killed off following a car accident. Cassie ended up crashing her car while she was trying to text her dad on her phone. Despite doctors explaining she would make a full recovery, it was later revealed that she had a serious brain injury which meant she wouldn’t wake up and her life support was turned off. However, Nicola admitted she made a "joint decision" with scriptwriter Chris Lang about her character being killed off. The actress said after Cassie's "fantastic journey" she felt it was the right time to leave. It is unclear when the new series of Unforgotten will air, but Casie's replacement Sinéad Keenan said she can't wait to begin filming. I have long been an admirer of Chris Lang’s work, so I am absolutely delighted to be joining the Unforgotten team," the new detective explained. “I’m very much looking forward to working with the extraordinary cast led by the brilliant and incredibly lovely, Sanjeev Bhaskar. "And I’m hoping that if I play my cards right I might even get to take a peek in Sunny’s backpack!” Marriage begins tonight at 9pm on BBC One.