Britain has now spent weeks without significant rainfall, leaving several regions on the verge of drought. Hosepipe bans now loom on the horizon and could see millions of people forced to use less water in the last month of summer. But weather maps forecast an incoming reprieve, as August promises several areas a generous dose of showers. For the first time in weeks, rain will fall across the west coast this week, maps show. WXCharts, a weather service that uses data from MetDesk, predicted the week's first rain would fall across the west coast on Monday, August 1. Showers poured out more than an inch of rain over the north and will continue today. READ MORE: Brits to bask in 30C as Kirkwood warns of 'fairly humid' wave According to WXCharts, yesterday's rain will persist over the next few hours. As of 9am on August 2, systems continue to shower the west coast above northern Wales. They have unleashed between one and 19 millimetres (0.039 to 0.74 inches) per hour around Snowdonia and Yorkshire. The coast to the northwest of Glasgow should see a similar amount, around 10mm (0.39 inches). Further north still, the rainfall total almost doubles, especially around Scotland's more mountainous regions. Areas around the fishing village of Dornie can expect up to 29mm (1.14 inches) of rain this morning. Showers across the area and the west coast will continue into the early hours of August 3, around 6am. After then, only Scotland can expect more significant rainfall this week. Only the coast around Dornie will see up to 18mm (0.70 inches) on Saturday, August 7. The more distant forecast for the week ahead shows much of the same, as rain descends again over north Wales and parts of the Midlands west coast. From August 11, the Lake District will likely see up to 13mm (0.5 inches) and cities like Manchester, Liverpool and Blackpool between 11mm and 12mm (0.43 to 0.47 inches). The highest rain totals of the month, and possibly the summer, come in mid-August. WXCharts precipitation maps show a band of severe rain approaching the Scottish west coast from August 16. Covering the same areas as before, from the Isle of Arran to the Isle of Skye, maps show up to 43mm (1.69 inches) of rainfall. The most significant rain will likely prove short-lived and make way for limited showers by 6am on August 17. The rest of the country, again primarily on the west coast, should see around 2mm (0.07 inches) to 6mm (0.2 inches) an hour around the same time.