Sadly, fraud is on the rise, and vulnerabilities are being preyed on to victimise unsuspecting individuals. Surrey Police shared the unsettling story of one man who fell victim to a heartbreaking instance of a scam. The 53-year-old man had been through a divorce, and turned to dating sites in the hope of finding love again. Setting up a profile, he hoped to build a new relationship and start over again. So, he was delighted when he was contacted by a woman and sparked up a conversation. The woman claimed to be from Spain but living in the US, and frequently sent him photos. However, he never saw the woman in real life or via video. READ MORE: Thousands of grandparents could increase state pension Soon enough, contact moved from the dating site to telephone calls and other messaging. The pair also exchanged emails as they built up a relationship. However, after a period of time, the woman asked for money for her living expenses. She explained she needed a new passport as she was keen to be able to travel to live closer to him. DON'T MISSNationwide issues warning as Briton targeted for £18k in scam [WARNING]Britons issued stark warning as many could miss out in retirement [INSIGHT]Woman, 55, urges others to take action to fix pension shortfall [EXCLUSIVE] The woman also asked for money as she claimed she was not able to buy food as it was too expensive. Totally convinced the woman was now his girlfriend, and keen to help, the 53-year-old sent a total of £15,000. However, the correspondence ended up being a devious scammer, and the man was left out of pocket and undoubtedly devastated. Surrey Police stated he now receives support from various services, and no longer sends money upon police advice. READ MORE: Pensioners eligible for extra £92.40 a week - how to apply But for those who have fallen victim to scams of this kind, the consequences can be distressing. Romance fraud is thought to be one of the fastest growing types of crime impacting vulnerable people. At first, fraudsters will not ask people for money, and seek to build up a relationship with them, playing on emotions and attempting to establish trust. It is once this is done that scammers can more easily hook their victims, as by this time their claims can have greater plausibility. As a result, people should always take precautions to protect themselves from being targeted in this way. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Surrey Police states: “Don’t rush into an online relationship – get to know the person, not the profile. Ask plenty of questions. “Analyse their profile – confirm the person's identity. Check the person is genuine by putting their name, profile pictures or any repeatedly-used phrases and the term ‘dating scam’ into your search engine.” Individuals should always be wary about the personal information they give out, and seek to stay on the legitimate dating website - as this can be monitored. Surrey Police states fraudsters often target emotions to get Britons to part with their money - but people should never do this. Similarly, a red flag is a person asking lots of questions in attempts to get personal information, but not providing much about themselves in return. Those who believe romance fraud is taking place can report the matter to Action Fraud. It is likely the organisation will take further action to prevent individuals from being victimised.