The event should be hosted in a picturesque garden setting or beauty spot, and include hot dogs, steak, beer – or Coca-Cola. And while drumsticks and burgers still reign popular as main dishes, many would also like to see kebabs (18 percent) or fish (15 percent) being served. Nearly half (47 percent) think music should be played in the background – but one in five (21 percent) would rather watch sport on the TV. Ketchup was voted the favourite condiment by 37 percent, followed by barbeque sauce and mayonnaise (31 percent each). The research, commissioned by Warburtons, also found one in four believe it’s not a proper barbeque without a bowl of coleslaw, while 22 percent enjoy a potato salad. And the white burger bap remained a firm favourite (21 percent) when it comes to the preferred bread, followed by a brioche bun (13 percent). A spokesman for the brand said: “As a nation, we love a barbeque, and come rain or shine they represent a great British summer. “It’s been interesting to learn what the nation considers to be the “perfect barbeque”, and we’re thrilled to see that the classic white burger bap still tops the charts.” When it comes to drinks, nearly a fifth (18 percent) opt for washing down their food with a cider, while a further 18 percent choose wine – but 21 percent prefer soft fizzy drinks. And for those with a sweet tooth, ice cream is deemed the perfect pudding (19 percent), followed by strawberries and cream in second place (14 percent). Nearly half (45 percent) admit cooking barbeques is one of their favourite smells of the summer, and would typically like to have one themselves twice a week. And whilst men are more likely to step up to the grill (38 percent), it was revealed a quarter of them regularly end up burning the food. A third prefer to host – with men stating this more than women (41 percent). But nearly half of those polled would rather be an attendee – women more so than their gender counterparts (53 percent). The average Brit will hold three cookouts a year, attend a total of four, and think July is the best month to have one. The study, conducted via OnePoll, also found more than a quarter (28 percent) will tend to use the grill rather than the oven during the hotter months. TOP FIVE BARBEQUE FOODS: TOP FIVE BARBEQUE DRINKS: TOP FIVE BARBEQUE SIDES: TOP FIVE BARBEQUE BREADS: TOP FIVE BARBEQUE SAUCES: