But like millions of others I was left bewildered and bereft when I read about the death of Thomas O’Halloran last week. Stabbed to death while riding along on his mobility scooter? It just beggars belief. This kind and humble 87-year-old man never so much as harmed a soul. In fact, according to those who knew him, he brought a smile to the face of many people as he played his accordion in West London. But now Thomas is another statistic of Wild West Britain and is a victim of a growing knife-crime crisis which is now totally out of control. Thomas’ death has shattered yet another family. Come this time tomorrow somewhere in the UK there will be another knock on the door. A police officer will be standing there and, in an instant, another mother and father will be coming to terms with the loss of their child at the hands of a blade. That is why I applaud World Champion boxer Tyson Fury for bravely speaking out this week following the stabbing of his cousin. He is right, something needs to be done. But what? Well first of all we need to accept we are losing this battle with the blade. Only then will we have a chance of ever winning it. The Government talks endlessly of an ongoing “war” on knife crime. What nonsense! If this was really true we would not be seeing offences spiralling to the level they currently are at. The truth is, like so many things in our country right now, our political leaders throw out big soundbites without delivering any action. Yet while lives are destroyed, Ministers sit on their hands. We need a new national crusade on the issue. I would start by putting knife scanners absolutely everywhere. Outside stations, outside pubs, outside nightclubs - outside anywhere where police forces believe there to be an issue with knives in their area. As Tyson Fury says, we also need to see much tougher sentences for those caught carrying blades. Immediate prison sentences. No if's. No but's. No second chances. Take them straight to jail and keep them locked up for longer. We also need more penetration in schools - all schools - and start talking to kids about the dangers of carrying knives. There is no shortage of knife-crime campaigners, victims and reformed gang members who would be willing to embark on such a programme to start demonising these weapons at an earlier and earlier age. They should be talked about in the way we talked about guns post Dunblane. Crucially we also need to free the police to be able to stop and search people when and where they want. All too often our bobbies on the beat are prevented from doing their jobs because of political correctness or mandates from above. Well, I am sorry we need to put the power back in the hands of the police if we truly want to clean up our streets. Those opposed to stop and search have got to come up with alternatives or accept it. I grew up with stop and search during the 70s and 80s in Belfast. We all knew the score. We all knew what our chances were of being searched. The answer? Do not carry. Earlier this year, on my way into the GB News Studio I was pulled over in my car by the Police. It was about 4am and the two young officers asked me to explain why I was out and about so early. It quickly transpired they were carrying out checks due to a spate of car robberies in my local area and they knew the type of car I was driving was a particular favourite for thieves. Was I angry? No. Did I feel victimized? No. Was my next call to a no-win-no-fee lawyer to see who I could sue? No. In fact, I drove away absolutely delighted. Delighted to see my local police force doing exactly what they should be doing: investigating crime. Not only did I congratulate the officers on a job well done, but weeks later I went to spend some time with them to see for myself the kind of work they do. What was abundantly clear was that each and every one of them were driven by a desire to keep people safe and protect property. It is what got them out of bed each morning. I believe that all too often they were being prevented from doing so by restrictions and budget-cuts, unnecessary diktats and mountains of paperwork which prevented them from being out on the beat. Addressing that would also be a step towards turning the tide on knife crime. It is a fight we have to win. How many more lives have to be lost and families destroyed before people realise that outside a kitchen, knives are simply a No-No?Eamonn presents Breakfast with Isabel Webster on GB News from 6am, Monday to Thursday.