Arsenal and Wolves have both received huge transfer boosts following a declaration from Valencia manager Gennaro Gattuso that Goncalo Guedes is set to leave after the Spanish side received a "huge proposal from a Premier League club". Wolves are understood to have tabled an offer in excess of £27million for the Portuguese midfielder, whose impending move to Molineux could clear the path for Pedro Neto to head to Arsenal. Guedes was omitted from Gattuso's squad for Valencia's 2-1 friendly win over Italian outfit Atalanta on Saturday in the Trofeo Taronja - a traditional pre-season clash at the Mestalla. Speaking after the game, the Los Che boss openly explained the reason for the 25-year-old's absence, confessing that he is indeed on the cusp of heading to England. Gattuso revealed: “The club told me they’ve received a huge proposal for Guedes from a Premier League club”. And it seems that offer has been tabled by Bruno Lage's Wolves. According to Tribuna Deportivo, the West Midlands club are in advanced negotiations with Valencia over Guedes, with a fee in the region of £27m being discussed for the midfielder. Guedes' agent Jorge Mendes is thought to have spent days working on the operation, which will see yet another of his clients join Wolves. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes Frenkie de Jong transfer declaration The transfer could also have positive connotations for Arsenal. With Guedes arriving at Molineux for a sizeable fee, it's thought to offset the fee and free up space for the highly-rated midfielder, Wolves may well cash in on star winger Neto. Arsenal are understood to have held a long-term interest in the 22-year-old who dazzled for Lage's side against Leeds on Saturday, despite Wolves succumbing to a 2-1 defeat at Elland Road. Mikel Arteta has made no secret of his desire to bring another winger to the Emirates this summer, with the north Londoners having fallen short in their pursuit of Raphinha. READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea 'internally discuss offering midfielder' to Leicester in Wesley Fofana swap bidChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activity Following Arsenal's 2-0 triumph over Crystal Palace in the Premier League's curtain-raiser on Friday, Arteta admitted: “We are going to try, there are a few things we have planned. If we can do them it would be great, but now it is work with the players we have, we are in the middle of the season already." As for Guedes, Wolves are landing themselves a player with plenty of top-level experience, despite his 25 years. The 32-time Portugal international has amassed over 250 senior appearances during a career which has seen him turn out for Benfica, Paris-Saint Germain and Valencia.