The 40 percent tax applies to any assets above the £325,000 threshold for individuals and can mean a large amount to pay for one’s loved ones. This can be reduced to 36 percent if 10 percent or more of the net value of the will goes to charity. Furthermore, there may be ways for some to increase the threshold. Giving gifts is a good way to reduce the size of a person’s estate and reduce their Inheritance tax (IHT) bill. Shona Lowe, financial planning expert at abrdn, said: "Giving gifts while you’re still alive is a way to reduce the value of your estate and therefore reduce your potential inheritance tax bill. "Some gifts are exempt, which means the value of them leaves your estate immediately. There are two notable buckets of exempt gifts." An individual can give away up to £3,000 in total each year, to as many people as they like. There is also a small gift exemption, allowing a person to give away gifts of £250 a year, to as many people as desired. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out  For those who have a will, the executors will be responsible for paying the tax. The money is usually paid from the estate before it goes to the beneficiaries. If part of the tax is due to a gift made while the person was alive, the individual who received the gift will normally have to pay the tax. If a person does not have a will, it will be paid by the person appointed to administer their estate, from the estate itself.  The Direct Payment Scheme can allow a portion or all of the tax to be paid from the deceased person’s bank account, if they have one. The tax can also be paid by selling investments or property. In most cases, the tax bill has to be settled within six months of the date of death, after which interest will be charged. Setting up a trust is another way to reduce your IHT bill. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments A trust is a legal arrangement where a person can give cash, property or investments to someone else, who looks after the funds for the benefit of a third person. The way a trust is taxed depends on what sort of trust it is. Discretionary gift trusts are the most popular type, where a person gives their assets to the trust and they specify how they would like them to be used. For this trust, people will normally pay inheritance tax at a rate of 20 percent when setting up a trust if it's in excess of the nil-rate band of £325,000. Ms Lowe said: “With a bit of careful thought and forward planning, there’s a lot you can do to make sure that you leave as much as you can to the people you choose and not to the tax man. “How best to navigate passing on your assets and managing any potential IHT bills are entirely dependent on your individual circumstances and if you need support, help is out there. “There is lots of free guidance available online but given the sensitivity and possible complexity of passing on personal wealth, it may be wise to seek additional advice. “Experts can help you understand the value and make up of your estate, prepare your will and create an inheritance tax plan.”