Sarah, Duchess of York was reported last week to have bought a sumptuous Mayfair pad for her daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. The purchase is believed to have been brokered between Fergie and her long-time friend the Duke of Westminster as a long-term investment for her daughters with Prince Andrew. But Daily Mirror royal editor Russell Myers appeared baffled by the Duchess buying the home after lamenting for years the lack of money to fund her living. Speaking to Lorraine host Ranvir Singh, Mr Myers said: "We've often spoken about where the Yorks' money comes from. Just recently it was revealed Fergie bought a £5 million mews house in Mayfair. "Where on earth has she got the money from? This is someone who has bemoaned her financial situation, in the past said she was not far from bankruptcy." The royal editor noted last year Fergie and Prince Andrew were forced to sell a shared chalet in the Swiss Alps to fund the Duke's legal costs in his fight against Virginia Giuffre's civil suit. The sale is believed to have profited around £17 million to the couple, part of which was owed to the former chalet owner under the original sale contract. JUST IN: 'Makes it about him!' Richard Madeley slammed for 'chuckling' in emotional grief interview Mr Myers however noted the Duchess of York recently struck a 22-book deal with her publisher after the highly successful release of Fergie's first romantic novel, Her Heart for a Compass. He continued: "When it came to Prince Andrew paying this huge sum of money to Virginia Giuffre, they had to sell a £17 million chalet in Verbier, the exclusive resort in Switzerland. "The plot thickens because the former owner of that, Lady Isabelle de Rouvre was owed a sum of about £6 million as part of the deal. "They then allegedly claimed they didn't have the money to pay her, she cut them a deal, she's been speaking to the papers this weekend saying she's absolutely flabbergasted by this. READ MORE: 'Outrage' at Sarah Ferguson's £5m Mayfair mews purchase in huge chalet row "For Fergie's point, over the past 12 months, she's had a best-selling book, she has just signed a 22-book deal but people are scratching their heads and wondering where on earth the Yorks get their money from." Ms De Rouvre branded Fergie's purchase as "incredible and unbelievable" after saying she was led to believe the Duchess "didn't have a penny." Speaking to The Sunday Times, she said: "I am outraged that I am now told she has spent millions on another property. “It is just incredible and the whole story unbelievable. It is a dirty story as far as I am concerned.” DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Harry 'dumped' from front cover as Kate takes over [REVEAL]Prince Harry to leave out detail that would 'burn the whole Firm down' [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice 'clashed' with Eugenie over Meghan and Harry snub [ANALYSIS]