Manchester United have agreed a fee in principle to sign Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot, according to reports. However, his agent and mother remains the only stumbling block in the way of personal terms being sorted. Rabiot is an alternative target for United to Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Interest in the Frenchman this summer only emerged on Monday morning. However, it appears the Red Devils have moved quickly in an attempt to get him through the doors at Old Trafford. The Manchester Evening News says there is an agreement over a fee between United and Juve for the 27-year-old, who is out of contract at the end of this season. However, his mother Veronique, who also represents him, is said to be a potential issue in the deal. United are yet to negotiate personal terms with either the player or his mother. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest  Veronique Rabiot has earned a reputation of being a tough negotiator in the past, which could be to the detriment of United. She also is claimed to have once confronted former PSG boss Laurent Blanc in a car park when her son was at the French club. United have been in the market for a midfielder throughout the summer. De Jong has been their top target but there is now an acceptance they will have to look at different options, while still monitoring the Dutchman's situation. Rabiot is said to be open to a move to the Premier League and was linked with United in 2014 and again in 2019 before he joined Juve. He has spent three years at the Old Lady, making 129 appearances in all competitions. Rabiot has won 29 caps for France since making his debut in 2016. He has been a regular in Dider Deschamps' squad of late, making 18 of those caps since the start of 2021. DON'T MISSTottenham told they have major advantage over Man City as title backedArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' madeArsenal handed perfect Pedro Neto incentive after 'unsuccessful £13.2m bid'  United have made three signings so far this summer. Tyrell Malacia was the first player through the door, followed by Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. Speaking after the defeat to Brighton on Sunday, United legend Gary Neville insisted the signing of De Jong would not be enough for his old side. He said on Sky Sports: "There’s this thing if Man United get Frenkie de Jong it will be a successful window? No. "They need a lot more than Frenkie de Jong, they might not get De Jong, hopefully they do because he’s an important player for the coach. But then that would feel they spent £65m it’s a good window - no, they need more than that." 