Faith (played by Sally Dexter) has been doing her best to repair her relationships with her son, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and her daughter Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) on Emmerdale of late. This has coincided with the fact she has stage four cancer and will be making her exit from the ITV soap in the coming months. However, in Wednesday's episode, there seemed to be a hint dropped that the matriarch actually has three children, not two. The latest instalment began with Faith trying to continue with her mission to retrieve something valuable to her from her stepdaughter's house. Before Eileen Roberts (Zoe Lambert) died recently, she and her stepmother did not get on as the former accused the Dingle matriarch of killing her father for his money. With Eileen no longer in the picture, Faith thought she was going to be able to trick the deceased's widower to get into the house. Earlier this week, her attempts failed when Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) rumbled her identity but in Wednesday's episode, she turned up to the house with a wig on. She claimed she was a photographer who was taking pictures of the house for the estate agents and Eileen's widower fell for this. READ MORE: Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series Later in the episode, Fatih was seen running out of the house as it seemed her real identity had been exposed once more. Once back in the village, Faith's return wasn't a happy one as Cain and Chas were livid with their mother for robbing someone's house. With Faith in a fluster as she ripped off her wig, her daughter asked her: "Why were you so desperate to get in the house?" "It's obvious, she's been on the rob. What did you nick? Money? Jewellery?" Cain enquired but Faith was more interested in pulling a biscuit tin out of her bag. The tin contained the memories she had kept after walking out on Cain and Chas when they were younger. Faith explained: "Eileen stole it because she was a miserable cow and she wanted to hurt us because I married her dad." As the family looked through the memories, they shared laughter and the air was full of happiness as Faith's children realised she had never forgotten them. However, they could have been completely unaware there was another reason why Eileen had kept the memory box from her stepmother. This could be because she discovered shortly after her father's death that Faith was actually her mother, too. Before Faith met Shadrach Dingle (Adam Devine), she could have met her second husband Brian and during this affair when they were younger, she could have given birth to a daughter. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] Unable to deal with the responsibilities of being a mother, Faith could have told Brian to raise Eileen with another woman. Brian would have been heartbroken but understanding Faith's wishes, he would have gone on to marry someone who would have taken on Eileen with no questions asked. After Faith walked out on Shadrach and her young children, she could have returned to Brian and explained she wanted a life with him. With Faith having been the love of his life, Brian would have welcomed her with open arms as he would have recently buried his first wife. She would have pretended to be Eileen's stepmother as the young woman would have been grieving the loss of the person she thought gave birth to her. It wouldn't have been until Brian died and the mother and daughter got drunk that Faith would have revealed her secret to Eileen. Jealous that Faith decided to go and have more children and leave her with Brian, Eileen would have become extremely bitter. This is why she would have held on to the box of memories as she wouldn't have wanted to ruin Faith's life. A part of this also could have tied in with her appearance in the village in 2017 when she reported Faith to the police for stealing her late father's money. How will Cain and Chas react when they realise they had a sister all this time and never got to spend any time with her? Will they be forced to grieve for the loss of their mother and their sister in as many months as Faith dies before Christmas? Discussing the end of Faith's story, the actress who plays her, Sally, said: "I think it is excellent. "I haven't read the scripts for her death, but I'm hoping it's as positive as it can be. This isn't just a story about a cancer; it's a wider story about family. "That great thing about death is the thing that happens before it, that thing called life, and all the love that goes with it. "I'd love it if everyone watching had a little bottle of gin, to toast her," she told TV Times. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.