Frenkie de Jong is very upset with Barcelona’s treatment of him and is willing to speak out against the club once his future is resolved, according to reports. Manchester United are convinced they’ll land the 25-year-old after months of pursuing the midfielder. And it appears a move to Old Trafford is edging closer, even if there are several obstacles still in the way. Manchester United are prepared to pay an overall fee of close to £72million in order to make De Jong their statement signing of the summer. That’s a fee that will make him the fifth most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history, only behind the likes of Paul Pogba, Harry Maguire, Romelu Lukaku and Jadon Sancho. And Sport have provided an update on De Jong on Monday as the uncertainty over the 25-year-old’s future continues to rumble on. It’s claimed that, for now, Barcelona are being thwarted in their attempts to meet with the player’s entourage. But they’re aware that De Jong’s agent, Ali Dursun, is in talks with both United and Chelsea. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything United appear to be frontrunners in the race to land the player, however, with the club ‘ready to throw the house out of the window’ in order to acquire De Jong. The Red Devils will, it’s claimed, continue their assault on signing the Barcelona star this week. But De Jong’s agents are willing to bide their time, believing a last-minute exit would ‘benefit the footballer’ due to the fact he’d receive the best possible proposal. The former Ajax star is said to be closer to leaving Barcelona than staying. And it’s said he’s prepared to criticise the Catalan giants for their treatment of him once his future is finally resolved. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already De Jong is ‘very, very upset’ at how the La Liga giants have tried to force him out as they look to balance their finances. And United are convinced they’ll win the race for the player, despite Chelsea also making their interest known as they seek a first Premier League title since Antonio Conte’s spell in the dugout. De Jong isn’t the only player the Red Devils have interest in as they scramble to save their season after two defeats from as many matches. Reports on Monday have linked them with Barcelona star Sergino Dest, with the La Liga side willing to part ways with the USA international. Dest previously played under Erik ten Hag at Ajax and the Dutchman feels he stands a good chance of securing a reunion over at Old Trafford. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United also want Adrien Rabiot, regardless of what happens with De Jong. And, up top, the likes of Alvaro Morata and Jamie Vardy have emerged as targets as the Red Devils seek somebody to provide competition for Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, United legend Gary Neville recently claimed his old side had a lot ‘riding on’ a deal for the Barcelona star. “There’s a lot on that De Jong deal,” said Neville. “Just generally. Not just for the team but for the club, the new operation, so they can get a deal over the line. “There are three scenarios. One is that they get him, they look smart, they look patient, they look like they’ve bided their time and got the deal that they wanted. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Or, he stays at Barcelona. Which I think could be slightly embarrassing given the relationship the manager’s got with the player. “Or the horrific outcome is that, he doesn’t just leave Barcelona, he goes to Chelsea - a competitor in the Premier League. “That wouldn’t be a good outcome for United’s recruitment department. I think that would cause problems in the next few weeks.” De Jong could become United’s sixth signing from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Ander Herrera, Victor Valdes, Angel Di Maria, Eric Bailly and Raphael Varane have all moved in recent years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United also want Adrien Rabiot, regardless of what happens with De Jong. And, up top, the likes of Alvaro Morata and Jamie Vardy have emerged as targets as the Red Devils seek somebody to provide competition for Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, United legend Gary Neville recently claimed his old side had a lot ‘riding on’ a deal for the Barcelona star. “There’s a lot on that De Jong deal,” said Neville. “Just generally. Not just for the team but for the club, the new operation, so they can get a deal over the line. “There are three scenarios. One is that they get him, they look smart, they look patient, they look like they’ve bided their time and got the deal that they wanted. 