Today marks Princess Beatrice’s first birthday as a mother following the birth of her daughter Sienna Elizabeth last September. The 34-year-old has had a busy year since becoming a parent, and is soon expected to make the move from her London address to a stunning farmhouse in the Cotswolds with her husband, daughter and step-son. But where does the young family of four live now? Here’s a look inside their regal palace property in South West London. Like many members of the Royal Family, Princess Beatrice lives in London alongside her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and their two children. The couple, who recently celebrated their second wedding anniversary, reside at St James’ Palace in the heart of Westminster. Despite spending much of their time in the Cotswolds during the lockdown, Beatrice and “Edo” have moved back to the palace while renovations on their farmhouse property are finished. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's best pictures as she celebrates 34th birthday It is reported that Princess Beatrice and her young family live in a spacious four-bedroom apartment at the palace, which has been home to 11-month-year-old Sienna Elizabeth since she was born. Eduardo’s son Christopher Woolfe, who is known as “Wolfie” also lives with the royal duo, though the six-year-old is often spotted with his birth mother when not spending time with his half-sister. A number of senior royals reside alongside Beatrice and Edo in the lavish palace, with neighbouring apartments dotted around the sprawling estate. According to the official website of the Royal Family, St James' palace currently contains the "London residences of The Prince of Wales, The Princess Royal and Princess Alexandra". While Beatrice is currently enjoying time in London, the family are expected to make the move to their new home in the Cotswolds in the near future. Princess Beatrice and her property-expert husband purchased the £3.5million property last year. Since making the decision to up-root their young children, the couple have been working hard on renovating the enormous farmhouse. Despite being in a more discreet, private location than their London address, the princess was said to have installed “six-foot high security gates” around their new home ahead of the move. DON'T MISS:Beatrice's birthday previously snubbed by Royal Family unlike Meghan's [REVEAL]Princess Beatrice 'clashed' with Eugenie over Meghan and Harry snub [INSIGHT]Beatrice and Eugenie banished by Diana after fallout with Fergie [ANALYSIS] Friends of the royal duo have revealed that the six-bedroom manor house is the perfect place for a growing family. The farmhouse boasts luxurious features including a swimming pool and tennis court all within the sprawling estate. In addition to the main manor house, a separate outbuilding is also being converted into a guesthouse, providing the perfect space for their royal relatives to stay over. Princess Beatrice’s sister Princess Eugenie is likely to be a regular visitor, along with her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August. While no moving date has been confirmed, the couple is likely to begin a new chapter in the British countryside later this year. Though the family is close to several relatives including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and of course, Queen Elizabeth II, making the move out of London will bring Princess Beatrice and Edo closer to other members of the Royal Family. Just a stone’s throw away from the stunning Cotswolds property is Gatcombe Park in Gloucestershire, where Beatrice’s cousins Peter and Zara Tindall live. It’s not just family that will be nearby either, with famous faces such as singer Ellie Goulding also reported to live close to the Mapelli Mozzi family’s future home.