EastEnders fans were left heartbroken when June Brown passed away in April earlier this year. The actress played the iconic Dot Cotton since 1985 and created one of the most notable characters on British television. Executive producer Chris Clenshaw has revealed Dot’s family and friends will come together on screen to say goodbye to the character in a special upcoming episode. In the BBC soap, Dot is living in Ireland with her grandson Charlie Cotton Jr (Declan Bennett). The stalwart revealed to Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) that she had left Walford to visit Charlie after hearing he was expecting another child with his current wife. Since her departure, adoptive granddaughter Sonia has visited Dot on a few occasions sharing updates on how she is with Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero). But, the BBC has confirmed that later this year Walford residents will find out that Dot has passed away. Read more: EastEnders theory: Phil Mitchell flees country as he's exposed Her funeral will be held in Walford and will see her friends and family come together to say goodbye. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Chris opened up on what viewers can expect from the episode. He said: “Dot is probably one of the most iconic characters in British TV history and what it will be is a fitting tribute. “It will be exactly what June deserves, what Dot deserves and I think what the audience deserves.” “We always knew that we wouldn't goodbye to Dot while June was with us but she also knew that we would have to find a time when we would do that,” Chris continued. “Since I've been here I think the hardest day of my time so far was having to break the news to the cast, the crew and the whole company that June had passed away. “Some of the cast and crew have worked with June for many, many years and she's more than just a colleague she's a dear friend so it was very difficult. “But everyone's always sharing anecdotes and stories and everyone has a slightly different story.” DON'T MISSEastEnders’ Chelsea Fox star begs for ‘sexy’ storyline ‘Yes please!' [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Linda Carter finds happiness with Walford resident [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Ricky Butcher unveiled as new Queen Vic landlord [THEORY] Chris reflected on his memories with the iconic actress during his time on EastEnders as a script editor. “I loved going to her dressing room,” Chris added. “When I was a script editor you’d go down and speak about a scene. “You’d have a couple of lines to discuss that could take 30 seconds and you'd be there for three hours, chewing the fat. “It was brilliant, it was glorious. We miss her dearly and we're working on a very special tribute for her.” In July this year, on the 37th anniversary of Dot’s first scene, EastEnders paid tribute to the iconic character by recreating that very scene. Sonia walked into Kathy Beale’s (Gillian Taylforth) cafe and said: “Give us a tea, Kath and a glass of water so I can take a paracetamol.” These were the exact words Dot said when she made her debut on the square. Referencing Dot, Sonia added: “That early shift was a nightmare. You know, I’ve called on the Lord so many times I think I’m turning into Dot.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.