The Ukrainian Defence Ministry released footage of a surprise attack on a moving Russian tank, which forced the terrified Russian troop inside to abandon the vehicle and flee on foot. The entire attack was caught on camera, which shows the deadly Ukrainian 93rd Mechanized Brigade destroying a Russian T-80BV. It is thought that the Ukrainian forces may have used the US-supplied anti-tank missile, the FGM-148 Javelin, in the attack which took place in the east of Ukraine. The footage, captured by a drone, shows the moment the missile strikes the moving tank, which causes fire and smoke to billow from the vehicle. A close-up of the tank shows a troop jumping out and abandoning the tank before running away on foot. It is unclear what happened to the troop after the ambush strike. In a tweet, the Defence Ministry tweeted: "Mad Max: Ukraine’s Fury Road. There is no escape from Ukrainian 93rd Mechanized Brigade!" JUST IN: Vladimir Putin humiliated as Russia warned weapons stocks running out  One viewer remarked on how the attack exposed Russia's flawed tactics and diminishing supplies of troops. @terror_studies tweeted: "Why do we constantly see one tank out in the open by itself? Are they just getting lost and separated from the rest of their guys or what? "Plus there only seemed to be one dude in the tank unless he ditched someone else." This comes as US intelligence officials estimate that 500 Russian troops are killed or wounded every day. American intelligence and military officials claim the arrival of new weapons from the UK and US have allowed Ukrainian troops to take back some territory. British Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Thursday that President Putin is unlikely to succeed in occupying Ukraine. Mr Wallace said that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine had “faltered” and was “starting to fail”. DON'T MISS: Putin's allies LOSE IT over footage of life returning to normal [VIDEO]Make no mistake Putin now in charge of Europe as EU cash feeds his war [COMMENT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as ‘precision strikes’ cuts troops off [LIVE BLOG] Also today, a Pentagon official praised Ukrainian troops in their fight against Russia, saying that they have done things "we might not have thought were possible". The unnamed Department of Defense official said the morale of Vladimir Putin's troops as well as their "ability to sustain themselves" had been hit hard. The latest intelligence briefing from the British Ministry of Defence on Saturday revealed that Russia has been desperately trying to repair the rail and road bridges near Kherson as it seeks to defend the occupied region. The MoD claims the routes "will remain a key vulnerability" for Russia since the resupply lines are now reliant on just two pontoon ferry crossing points. READ NEXT: Putin's allies LOSE IT over footage of life returning to normalMake no mistake Putin now in charge of Europe as EU cash feeds his war'Reckless' Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant attacks risk disastrous leakUkraine LIVE: Putin’s ‘next target’ laid bare by despot’s allyPutin's 'defeat' — Russia following same path as USSR in Afghanistan 