Seb was found in a dangerously emaciated condition at a home in the Stockton-on-Tees area, County Durham, following the death of his elderly owner in February. The 11-year-old rough-haired collie was among a number of pets, including two other dogs, discovered by a member of the public at the house. They alerted the RSPCA, and animal rescue officer (ARO) Ruth Thomas-Coxon was sent to collect the pets who were signed over into the care of the charity. Seb was in a severely neglected state and his fur was a matted mess. His fur had to be shaved off and the true extent of his emaciation was revealed—with his bones and ribs protruding through his skin. He was nursed back to health by vet nurse Nicole Burn at Stanhope Park Vets in Darlington, who then fell for Seb and decided to adopt him. The 28-year-old said: "When I first saw Seb, he looked in a terrible state and we believed he was hours away from death. "When we lifted him onto the examination table at the vet's, there was just nothing on him. "He then had to have his matted fur shaved off under an anaesthetic and we were all shocked to see how his spine and bones protruded through his skin-he was so emaciated." Seb weighed 12.2 kilogrammes when he went for emergency treatment, but within two months had gained weight and was a more healthy 19.9 kilogrammes. As Nicole cared for Seb, she soon fell for his charms and, when he was ready to be rehomed, she jumped at the chance of adopting him. She said: "I have grown up with rough-haired collies, so I know the breed well. He is such a gentle and happy boy. I bonded with him straight away, and now he is never too far away from me. "He has been through some tough times, but he is so happy and content, and he comes to work with me every day—he is a perfect fit in my life." She added: "When I first saw Seb he was gravely ill and I was worried whether he would have the strength to pull through-but he did and he looks so happy. I am delighted he is loving life with Nicole, who adores him. "This is why the RSPCA is running its Cancel out Cruelty fund-raising campaign as we need the public to support us so we can carry out more rescues like this during the summer period, which is our busiest time-we want to save more animals in need like Seb."  The charity receives around 90,000 calls to its cruelty line every month and investigates 6,000 reports of deliberate animal cruelty, but in the summer, calls rise to 134,000 a month and reports of cruelty soar to 7,600 each month-a heartbreaking 245 every day. But there are real concerns that with the increase in pet ownership and the cost of living crisis putting a strain on people’s finances, more animals will be coming into RSPCA care during the next few months, and they need financial support to help continue this work. To donate, click here.