Mackenzie (played by Lawrence Robb) was delighted when Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) told him she was pregnant with his baby on Emmerdale. Having had four children already, the ITV soap stalwart wasn't ready to welcome a fifth baby into the world but her boyfriend was determined to stick by her and raise the child together. However, in scenes airing next week, their plans change drastically and it seems Mackenzie might not be dealing with the news as well as he's making out. The drama continues as the couple keeps their baby news a secret from the rest of the Dingle clan, with Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) being the only person to know. With the expectant father in his element as he takes on more responsibilities so Charity doesn't become too stressed, he is touched when his sister gives him lots of encouragement. Back at home, Charity is doing some light housework when all of a sudden, she is struck by excruciating pain and she knows something isn't right. On her own at this point, she has to wait until Mackenzie is home to help her get off the floor and take her to the hospital. Although Mackenzie is hopeful everything will be ok, Charity knows deep down it is already too late for the couple's child. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Kris Marshall shares 'exciting' spin-off update However, they both become extremely fearful when the doctor rushes them to the Early Pregnancy Until and conducts a scan. With some scans done and other tests completed, the pair have an anxious wait to find out if their baby is doing well. Unfortunately, they are told the pregnancy is not viable as Charity is having an ectopic pregnancy, whereby the baby is growing in her fallopian tubes. Before action can be taken to end the pregnancy, the expectant parents get to hear their baby's heartbeat for the first and last time. They are then left alone to process the news they have been told and both are in absolute shock. Knowing what he must do, Mackenzie puts on a brave face and tells his girlfriend he will support her with whatever she needs. It will be made clear to viewers the bad boy of the village isn't handling the news too well but he continues to go with the flow. Charity decides she is going to deal with the loss by returning to normal life as if nothing had happened but it seems her boyfriend can't move on. This could forge a huge rift between the pair as they are unable to be there for each other as they have completely different needs. Taking action to remove himself from the situation, Mackenzie could explain he is going to leave the village and this means the end of the couple's relationship. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star wows with ripped transformation after 'quitting gym' [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [ANALYSIS] Charity wouldn't want him to go as she would want them to continue their relationship despite their loss and different ways of dealing with it. However, for Mackenzie, he knows he can no longer be in the village where he was going to watch his child grow up. After just two years of living in the village, could it finally be time for Mackenzie to bid farewell to his life in the Dales? The actor who plays Mackenzie, Lawrence, has spoken about the heartbreaking twist to the storyline and what this means going forward. Asked whether Charity deals with the loss better than Mackenzie, Lawrence explained: "That's a really difficult question and probably not one that I could answer without getting an element of the subject matter wrong." "Because I have never had to deal with what happens to the characters, I can’t say whether one has dealt with something better than the other," he continued. "At the end of the day, we’re all people that have our fair share of demons and issues, but most importantly our own way of dealing with the said issues. "Both the characters deal with the trauma in different ways, and because I haven’t experienced what they are going through there is absolutely no way that I could, with good conscience, say that either character has dealt with the nuances of the issue better than the other. "They both deal with it very differently, and in many cases not in the way you would expect," the soap star continued. Discussing taking on the storyline, the actor said: "When I approached it, I obviously wanted to do the storyline justice and get it right as best I could." Lawrence added: "As I said, thankfully I have never had to go through anything as traumatic in real life, I hope that remains the case - because filming it was draining physiologically and emotionally. "I tried not to overthink it too much and make sure that the stuff that happened on set was as organic as possible. "So making sure not to under rehearse, but probably even more critically over-rehearse it. I didn’t want to make it stale or insincere when we filmed it. "I hate it when a script tells you when you need to break down in tears at a specific point because that automatically puts an inherent pressure onto performing at that moment because the script tells you to. "I feel the actor is far more interesting to just feel when these little nuances come, because if it's an emotional scene, whether tears come or not if you as an actor are feeling it, the audience will feel it too. I definitely felt it filming with Emma that day, so hopefully, that will show across on screen." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.