Chelsea are trying to sign Frenkie de Jong for ‘less than the £71million agreed fee with Manchester United’, according to reports. The Barcelona star is admired by both Erik ten Hag and Thomas Tuchel. And more details of the Blues’ pursuit are now emerging as they look to hijack the Red Devils on their leading target. Manchester United are ready to pay an initial £63m for De Jong, with add-ons and bonuses then taking the deal closer to the £71m mark. Yet the Evening Standard claim Chelsea are now trying to land the Netherlands international on the cheap. De Jong’s preference is still to stay at Barcelona, despite the Catalan giants pressuring him into taking a pay cut and threatening him with legal proceedings behind the scenes. However, Chelsea are hoping the lure of living in London, as well as Champions League football, can convince the 25-year-old into moving to Stamford Bridge. United can’t offer De Jong the latter, having finished sixth in the Premier League table under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last summer. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Chelsea have, so far, been dealing directly with Barcelona chief Joan Laporta. New Blues owner Todd Boehly has been locked in talks with the Nou amp supremo and has so far being ‘cutting out De Jong’s representatives from talks’. They’re said to think that, once they agree a deal with Barcelona, De Jong will want to come. But the situation remains ‘complicated’ due to money owed to the midfielder by his current employers. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, De Jong - like many of his team-mates - agreed to temporarily reduce his salary. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already And that means Barcelona now owe their No 21 a huge £17m in deferred wages, a fee they’re reluctant to pay in full. That may explain why De Jong won’t reduce his salary at the current moment in time, despite his desire to stay. There are murmurings on Thursday that Barcelona want a final decision form the Netherlands international TODAY as they look to resolve the situation. And it’ll be interesting to see how the situation plays out, especially with United refusing to throw in the towel. While the Red Devils won’t give up on the former Ajax star, they do appear to be starting to look at alternatives. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They’re confident of concluding a deal for Adrien Rabiot, especially given Juventus’ desire to sell the 27-year-old. And United could move for Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Ruden Neves and Youri Tielemans if their pursuit of De Jong ends up failing. Speaking after Chelsea beat Everton 1-0 on Saturday, meanwhile, Blues boss Tuchel was coy on a move for De Jong. "Yeah, if we can add, we add,” Tuchel told Sky Sports when quizzed about potentially landing more players. “Maybe not necessarily a midfielder as a first option but we’re open for everything. “I think we can use new energy, new legs and fresh input to bring us to a new level. “If not, then we will push this team but I think we could use some more input and some more quality. “We’re on it but we will not tell you [who]." De Jong isn’t the only player on Chelsea’s radar as they look to challenge Liverpool and Manchester City for the Premier League title. They’re also keen on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang but, if Memphis Depay leaves Barcelona for Juventus, the Gabon international may end up staying.