The black Alfa Romeo ploughed into pedestrians near a multi-storey car park in Ramsgate, Kent, at around 9.35pm, killing a man in his 80s and a woman in her 30s. A girl of primary school age also suffered serious injuries and remains in hospital. A man in his 40s and a boy of primary school age sustained minor injuries in the crash. A 30-year-old man from Ramsgate was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and leaving the scene of a collision. He is also currently receiving hospital treatment for minor injuries, Kent Live reports. Enquiries into the incident are being carried out by officers from Kent Police's Serious Collision Investigation Unit who are keen to hear from any witnesses, local businesses with CCTV evidence or drivers with relevant dashcam footage. Please call the appeal line on 01622 798538 quoting reference DS/DGC/090/22.South Thanet MP Craig Mackinlay tweeted: "A dreadful tragedy in Ramsgate. My thoughts and prayers go to all affected."  The constabulary's full press release reads: "Kent Police is appealing for information after two people died and a child was left seriously injured following a collision in Ramsgate. "The incident happened outside the multi-storey car park in Leopold Street at around 9.35pm on Wednesday 10 August 2022. "A Black Alfa Romeo was involved in a collision with five pedestrians, all members of the same family, including a man in his 80s and a woman in her 30s who both sadly died a short time afterwards. "A girl of primary school age also suffered serious injuries and has been taken to a London hospital for treatment. A man in his 40s and a boy of primary school age sustained minor injuries. "Officers attended and a 30-year-old man from Ramsgate was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and leaving the scene of a collision. He is also currently receiving hospital treatment for minor injuries. "Enquiries into the incident are being carried out by officers from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit who are keen to hear from any witnesses, local businesses with CCTV evidence or drivers with relevant dashcam footage. "Please call the appeal line on 01622 798538 quoting reference DS/DGC/090/22." 