Experts say tens of thousands of lives would be saved with a simple NHS scan to detect the killer ­disease early in the same way as breast cancer. The urgency to find the first ­reliable diagnostic tool will see Prostate Cancer UK spend £20million in a bid to replace the Prostate Specific Antigen [PSA] test, which was designed in the 1980s. Dr Matthew Hobbs, the charity’s director of research, said: “The current diagnostic pathway is ­failing men and we want a national screening programme. Every year more than 9,000 men are ­diagnosed only after their cancer has spread." "They miss any opportunity for curative treatment and have a very significantly reduced life expectancy, compared to those diagnosed with cancer that is still contained within the prostate.” Unlike for breast, bowel and cervical cancers there is no national screening programme for prostate cancer. It kills more than 11,500 men a year in the UK. And more than 47,500 are diagnosed – equal to 129 every day. Men aged over 50 are entitled to a PSA test each year. It measures the level of prostate-specific antigen in blood. Although imperfect, it is the only test that is currently ­available. PSA is a protein made only by the prostate gland. Some of it leaks into the blood, but how much depends on age and health. It has not been approved as a national screening tool as it can be inaccurate, does not catch all cancers and leads to unnecessary and invasive biopsies. In some cases, tissue samples are taken leaving men with short-term pain and side-effects, while in others “clinically insignificant” prostate cancers are caught, risking anxiety and over-treatment. Hope now rests on research by leading British teams. They have until the end of the month to submit proposals before the charity decides in March whether to launch the biggest research bid in its 26-year history. It could mean a major diagnosis trial next year, with the aim of delivering results that lead to a national screening programme. Top secret and commercially sensitive research ideas include rapid blood and urine tests, but the Daily Express has been told the frontrunner is likely to be an MRI imaging technique similar to that used to detect breast cancer. It means men could potentially be called for a routine test with a quick and non-invasive scan.