According to the latest ZOE Health Study estimates, there were 131,080 new symptomatic cases of Covid in the UK on August 6. The ZOE Health Study has been pooling insights from millions of users to its app throughout the pandemic. Co-founder and lead scientist of the study, Tim Spector, has even provided his own account of symptomatic Covid. The professor has taken to Twitter to share his "post Covid rashes". The professor posted a picture of his hand alongside the following caption: "Post Covid rashes appearing many Weeks after Infection still causing diagnòstic confusion. "Usually painful and crusty and you feel otherwise well." Professor Spector's followers were quick to offer their support and share their own experiences of post-Covid skin rashes. READ MORE: Covid: 7 out of 10 'double or triple jabbed' Britons experiencing same Omicron symptom One user wrote: I had that after my first vaccine for a short while. Went after about 3 weeks. Had it again after covid… 7 weeks on and I’m still getting it." Data from millions of ZOE Health Study app contributors has shown that changes to the skin, fingers and toes can be symptoms of Covid. According to the ZOE scientists, Covid rashes are usually itchy and this may lead to poor sleep. Some people with rashes also experience sensitivity to ultraviolet (UV) light, getting red patches on their face after being outside for a short period of time. DON'T MISSThe golden drink lowering cholesterol and blood sugar [TIPS]Cancer symptons: The 'sudden' sign when waking up [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: Smell that? The smelly sign to spot [ADVICE] According to the ZOE team, rashes associated with COVID-19 fall into these categories: "There are other, rarer, rashes associated with COVID-19 including Pityriasis Rosea-like, light-sensitive rashes affecting the face or neck," explain the ZOE team. They continued: "Vasculitis rashes, when small blood vessels in the skin become damaged, are also seen in severe cases of COVID-19 that need hospital support." It’s not clear exactly what causes rashes in COVID-19, but it may be related to the immune response to the virus. READ MORE: Caught Covid? You could be at a threefold greater risk of permanent decline - new study ZOE data collected during earlier waves shows that some of the least common symptoms of COVID-19 included characteristic skin rashes, "Covid fingers and toes" as well as other skin changes. These affected around one in 10 people. Luckily, skin rashes are now a rare symptom of COVID-19. However, ZOE past data has shown that Covid rashes can be stubborn and may require prescribed medication. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest They can last a long time, sometimes up to several months. Some Covid-related rashes come and go in waves, and these are commonly reported in people with long Covid. Long Covid has come to define the symptoms of Covid that linger long after the initial infection has disappeared. Other signs include: Contact a GP if you're worried about symptoms four weeks or more after you had COVID-19 or thought you may have had COVID-19, advises the NHS.