In upcoming weeks, the ITV soap will be highlighting the issues of mental health, and the impact of loneliness that many older people struggle with. Despite Coronation Street stalwart Audrey (played by Sue Nicholls) insisting she accidentally took too many tablets one night while receiving treatment in hospital, she’s finally ready to tell the truth. In scenes set to air on August 15, viewers will see emotions run high after Audrey candidly opens up to her friends about what happened three weeks ago. Gathering for a belated birthday lunch at a hotel, Roy, Rita, Claudia and Ken (need the actors names next to each one) are left stunned after learning about her suicide attempt. Sat down, Audrey tells them she tried to take her own life, but an ambulance was called after a neighbour who was posting leaflets spotted her. After the shocking truth is revealed, the friends feel guilty that they didn’t spot any signs Audrey was struggling and ask what led her to the decision.    Admitting she’s not spoken to her family about what happened, she tells her friends she’s kept her feelings hidden. The group touch on certain problems that growing older can bring, before Audrey explains she turned to drinking after her eyesight had started to deteriorate along with missing her late husband, Alfie. She says: “I just seemed to spiral downwards. I'd toss and turn all night, then finally drop off just when I should be up and at 'em. “Seizing the day. Huh! Spend the afternoons on the sauvignon blanc, wondering exactly what I'm good for?”   Touching on the upcoming emotional storyline, Sue opened up about Audrey's heartbreaking storyline. The 78-year-old revealed that Audrey’s first reaction was to keep the suicide attempt from her family who mean so much to her. The soap star said: “Her family [who are] busy with their own lives, see her down and upset moments as her not being able to cope with the real world, and she feels they have started treating her a bit like a child and she started to feel depressed. “She is mostly very healthy and together but her depression seemed to take over totally.” The actress went on to add that when Audrey finally opens up to her closest friends, who also share their struggles with her, they make her life seem lighter.   Sue admitted that the message she wants viewers to take away from this storyline is the importance of being about to speak to people about how they're feeling. She said: “Sometimes the young generation might think that anyone over 70 isn’t capable of making decisions which in turn can make older people lose their sense of purpose and begin to feel quite useless.” The actress said she’s lucky to work with people of all ages and enjoys speaking to them regardless of how old they are. “I do hope this storyline helps older people reach out and start talking about how they feel and for younger people to be aware of how much the older generation still has to offer,” Sue added.   Audrey’s upcoming storyline coincides with ITV’s latest mental health initiative Britain Get Talking. The aim of the campaign is to encourage people to take action by proactively looking after their mental health through connecting with others. Since the initiative began in 2019, it’s prompted over 100 million new or more meaningful conversations among ITV audiences. If you’ve been affected by this story, Samaritans can be contacted 24/7, free, on 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or visit  www.samaritans.org. Similarly, you can call Age UK Advice free of charge on 0800 169 6565 (8am-7pm), or you can visit www.ageuk.org.uk. Any older person looking for a cheerful chat can call their subsidiary charity, The Silver Line free, day or night, on 0800 4 70 80 90. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 