  Chris Packham’s stepdaughter Megan McCubbin has shared her own opinions about the ongoing debate on veganism, farming and helping the environment in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The Springwatch presenter admitted that, while eating meat makes her feel “quite unwell” it was also true that some UK farmers are doing “incredible work”.      Megan, 27, has recently teamed up with Lovat Parks and spoke about the wondrous benefits of “connecting to our wild side” during the lockdown, as she explained how important it was to speak out about the issues affecting our planet. Her stepdad Chris, 61, has been outspoken in his views about climate activism and animal welfare, including on subjects such as veganism. Asked how we might address the ongoing tensions between those championing farming communities and those choosing veganism, Megan stressed communication is key. She began: “I think really good communication when it comes to farms is so important - and they do such incredible work. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday    “You know, they need to be celebrated and appreciated for what they do because they are - particularly nature-friendly farmers - absolutely excellent. “They have so much knowledge of biodiversity, the land and also how to make food which ultimately we all need on a daily basis. Megan went on to speak about how the food industry is currently affecting people's ability to make more ethical choices. “I think when it comes to diet, there is a lot that needs to change,” she reflected.     “Intensive farming is a huge, huge problem. These battery farms are a welfare catastrophe. “So we do need to be moving forward in that sense, and it should be about eating local - eating seasonally. “And eating less meat than we are,” she continued. “Meat is so accessible and so cheap, because it has been kept in some poor welfare conditions. “And so that's what we really need to change - the industrialisation of meat production.” READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT] Alan Fletcher's heartfelt message to onscreen love Jackie Woodburne [INSIGHT] Mark Labbett unveils new role after ITV quizzer axed from The Chase US [NEWS]     Megan went on to explain that, because she had been raised vegetarian, meat causes her to feel sick when it’s introduced to her diet. “I've never eaten meat in my life, so it actually makes me quite unwell,” she said. “I physically can't digest it because I've gone 27 years without ever trying chicken or pork or anything and I'm ever closer to going vegan. “I think it is all a process and a transition. And it’s working out what’s right for the individual.”     Megan has teamed up with Lovat Parks to reveal the ‘Big 5’ animals that can be spotted on our very own isles this summer in places like Cornwall, Norfolk and the New Forest. A report for the project by Professor Andrea Mechelli has shown getting back to nature can significantly reduce feelings of loneliness, and developing mental health problems such as depression and anxiety. In light of this, Megan is encouraging people to enjoy the stunning wildlife the UK has to offer for their own “physical and mental wellbeing”, as she unveils her unique list of breathtaking animals local to the British Isles. Megan McCubbin has identified the UK’s ‘Big 5’ summer wildlife wonders in collaboration with Lovat Parks, the UK’s first B-Corp certified holiday park, encouraging the nation to connect with their wild side this summer and explore the rich diversity of nature in the UK. Visit www.lovatparks.com/thebig5 for more info and to download Megan’s Map along with top tips for responsible wildlife spotting.   