Aldi’s Specialbuys are incredibly popular with customers, who are looking for dupes or bargains. One garden product that was recently being sold on shelves is now being recalled due to the “risk of injury”. The supermarket has recalled a product in its outdoor furniture range due to a “design defect”. Brand: Adventuridge Product name: Portable Hammock with Stand Product code: 816216 Batch affected: All READ MORE: Iceland offers struggling shoppers £30 lifeline as cost of living bite In a statement, Aldi explained to customers why it was recalling the Portable Hammock with Stand. It said: “We are recalling this product due to a design defect that may cause the seam to split. “Customers are asked to return this product to their nearest store, where a full refund will be given. “We apologise that this product did not meet our normal high standards and thank you for your co-operation.” DON'T MISS...Royal Mail strike: When are the postal workers going on strike? [NEWS]Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ [VIDEO]Meghan Markle’s go-to gesture when she ‘feels too much attention’ [COMMENT] The hammock was available to buy in two colourways; blue and grey, or green and yellow. It was priced at £44.99, available both online and in store. All affected products will have the code 816216, which can be found on the receipt. The hammock, which is now out of stock on Aldi’s website, had the description: "Relax and unwind on this Portable Hammock with Stand by Adventuridge. “This hammock features an integrated drinks holder, removable pillow and a magazine holder. READ MORE: Queen’s favourite chocolate she likes to ‘indulge’ on late at night "Catch those summer rays out in your garden on this comfortable hammock." Customers affected by the recall can contact Customer Service on 0800 042 0800 for more information. But they did provide some answers to frequently asked questions about the recall. As for how serious the recall is, Aldi explained: “It is a quality issue, and we are recalling the product because it does not meet our normal high standards.” The supermarket said “similar products sold in previous years are not affected”. And for any customer wondering whether the product was checked before going on sale, Aldi said its “products go through rigorous safety and quality checks” About Aldi Specialbuys: "Welcome to a place like no other. A world of wonder. A destination full of mystery, magic...and unmissable bargains," the website reads. " place where mums are transformed into master DIY’ers thanks to a cordless drill set. A place where dads discover a love for deep sea diving, because of a discounted wetsuit that happened to catch their eye. "Yes, you may come in for bread, but who knows what amazing possibilities you’ll leave with from the famous Aisle of Aldi – a special place for Specialbuys."