Victoria Fritz is usually found presenting on BBC World News Service and other various BBC News shows. But after a popular shift on the station's main breakfast show, you may be seeing her more on the top table of morning TV after viewers flocked to Twitter to praise the presenter. Fans of the BBC's flagship morning news show flooded the presenter and co-host Ben Thompson with tweets hoping to see her more on the channel's red sofas. One keen viewer Jayelle wrote: "Victoria Fritz and Ben Thompson are just PERFECT for BBC Breakfast." They continued: "More mornings like this please. #nochannelhoppingthismorning" The stand-in presenters proved popular with their segments, especially when chatting about the morning's papers - where Victoria reacted hilariously to news of a lady who grew her fingernails to 42 inches. READ MORE: Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series The popular host poked her tongue out and pretended to be sick when discussing the story of the long nailed woman.Victoria sat alongside Ben Thompson, as part of the new-look team. The pair's light hearted presenting skills were a massive hit with viewers. The Heel Collector tweeted: "Good morning to you all, what a lovely surprise this morning turned on BBC News and Victoria Fritz is presenting."    Victoria may even need to open a fanclub after her stint on BBC Breakfast. Godfrey Player tweeted: "We accept no substitutes for the one and only Victoria Fritz......" Martin added: "Great to see the lovely victoria fritz on breakfast. Always smiling." @ReadSometimes wrote: "Subconsciously, it [BBC News] winds me up but Victoria Fritz is presenting and I have a soft spot." DON'T MISS: England's Mary Earps recalls being 'dropped from squad' before Euros [INSIGHT] BBC's Naga Munchetty documents 'buttock clenching' blood donation [ARTICLE] Dan Walker congratulates BBC's Carol Kirkwood for huge achievement [INSIGHT]  There were more well-wishes sent directly to a photo of the team ahead of her sitting in, Guy Sibley replied: "Could this be your new permanent job?" StappersYork declared: "As other comments; great team. Really enjoyed BBCBreakfast this morning. Let’s have more of the same please." The presenter won Celebrity Mastermind in 2020, but her most memorable moment on TV came in 2016. Victoria incredibly went into labour moments after presenting live on BBC sofas alongside Sally Nugent.  Jon Kay and Sally Nugent usually present the show Monday to Wednesday. Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty take over from their co-hosts on Thursday through to Saturday. A host of BBC broadcasters step in and present the morning news programme on Sunday. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.