Anne Boleyn, the second of Henry VIII’s six wives, is one of the most famous women in history. Her life and death at the Tower of London in 1536 have been pored over by historians for hundreds of years. But while Anne’s own story is well-documented, the lives of the women who served her have often been overlooked. However, a Tudor expert has now taken a deep dive into the stories behind these women and uncovered some “huge myths” about their relationships to Anne. Tudor expert Sylvia Barbara Soberton said she was “shocked” during her research as she debunked some of the popular misconceptions about the former Queen’s ladies in waiting that have been repeated for centuries. Some historians have stated that one of Anne’s maids of honour, Anne Gainsford, was an informant, who was spying on the Queen, but this is false, according to Ms Soberton. Speaking to Express.co.uk about this myth, she said: “Many myths are still perpetuated about the women who served her. “Because for example, we have this myth that is part of the narrative of Anne’s rise and fall. “That one of her maids of honour, Anne Gainsford was an informant of George Wyatt. JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options and told brace for 'cut off' “Wyatt wrote the first ever biography of Anne in 1606 and his Nineteenth Century editor identified one of the two women who were his informants as Anne Gainsford.” Wyatt was an English Sixteenth Century writer and politician, but there is a key reason why Anne Gainsford could not have been his informant, according to Ms Soberton. She explained: “She could not have been his informant because she died some five years before Wyatt was even born. “It is quite shocking that it is repeated as a fact, and nobody really checks these things. “Somebody writes something, and another person assumes it is a fact. “So, the snowball is rolling. I think this is a huge myth.” Ms Soberton is a Europe-based writer and researcher, specialising in the history of the Tudors. She debunked some of the myths around Anne while researching her latest book, ‘Ladies-in-Waiting: Women Who Served Anne Boleyn’. In her new work, Ms Soberton takes an in-depth look at Anne’s ladies in waiting and maids of honour. The lives of more than 30 women who served Anne are chronicled in the book, although the author acknowledges that the records about them are incomplete. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS] Anne Gainsford is listed as the daughter of Sir John Gainsford and his second wife, Anne Haute. The maid of honour, who married in the 1530s, served Anne Boleyn before she became Queen in 1533. Ms Soberton was surprised that historians have sometimes overlooked Anne Gainsford and the rest of Anne’s female inner circle. She said: “In general terms, I think little attention is usually paid to Anne’s ladies in waiting. They played a huge role in her life. “From the moment that she woke up to the moment that she went to bed, she was accompanied by people and most of these people were women. “In general terms, historians spend little time describing Anne’s household.” ‘Ladies-in-Waiting: Women Who Served Anne Boleyn’ was written by Sylvia Barbara Soberton and published in 2022. It is available here.