South Yorkshire Police embarked on a campaign to end dangerous parking earlier this year. Since then, over 400 drivers have been punished by the police for committing parking offences in Sheffield. The force has now warned that motorists will face action if their cars are adjudged to be blocking a pavement or a cycle lane. It added that drivers who parked in a way that impeded cyclists and pedestrians would face £100 fines and three points on their licence, YorkshireLive reported. Since the operation started in May, South Yorkshire Police received 261 tips from members of the public, who were invited to share images and videos of inconsiderate and selfish parkers. Officers added that they took action in most of the cases. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known car cooling trick instead of air con Some of those cases have even made their way to court. Inspector Kevin Smith said: "We are beginning to see some cases go to court, which will be the ultimate test of the procedure. “That 261 doesn't include TORs (Traffic Offence Reports) issued by my newly trained PCSOs/PCs for dangerous parking offences they have witnessed – that figure would be north of 400.” The force added that it will not be stopping any time soon and is asking the public to report any incidents of dangerous parking. The police's operational document reads: "The police cannot be everywhere. This initiative relies on the help of active citizens to help enforce the law and make the roads safer. DON'T MISS Drivers warned not to leave cars in certain places to save fuel [WARNING] Cancer patient slapped with ‘unfair’ £70 parking fine [SHOCKING] Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for driving in heavy rain [ADVICE] "We will deal with the person responsible and issue fines or educational courses depending on the offence committed." As it stands, only London has a ban on pavement parking. And, while the Highway Code advises against leaving vehicles on pavements, it is not illegal outside of the capital. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, told Express.co.uk: “The Highway Code states that drivers across the UK should not park on pavements. “Parking on pavements may be easier for the driver, but it can make life more difficult for other pedestrians including those using mobility scooters or wheelchairs. READ MORE: Motorists could save £2,000 per year for driving an electric car “It can make it difficult for people to continue on their path, and force them to have to use the road as an alternative. “Drivers should remember that the intention of pavements is to secure a safe passage for pedestrians and to look for other parking facilities should they be available.” Sustainable transport charity Sustrans agreed with Mr Fulthorpe saying that the practice of pavement parking was “discriminatory” towards disabled members of the public. This is because motorists often block footpaths making it difficult for disabled people to get around. What police are asking from citizens: