KSI returns to action for the first time in nearly three years tonight as he takes on two opponents in one night. The British YouTube star will face rapper, Swarmz, in the opening bout and then close the show three hours later against 2-5 professional boxer Luis Pineda. KSI – whose real name is Olajide William Olatunji – was set to face fellow YouTuber Alex Wassabi this evening but the American was forced to pull out due to a concussion sustained in camp. In his place, Swarmz stepped in to save the show but after fans expressed their dissatisfaction with the replacement fight, KSI vowed to face a professional boxer on the same night. At first, Bulgarian journeyman Ivan Nikolov, was picked to fill the spot but was removed from the card after he was found to have neo-Nazi tattoos and white supremacist beliefs. Fight time and venue KSI's fights with Swarmz and Pineda will go ahead on Saturday, August 27. KSI opens up the bill with his first fight against Swarmz at 7.10pm UK time, and then closes it against Pineda at around 10pm. Pineda has a pro record of 2 wins and 5 losses while Swarmz has never boxed before. The fight is being held at the O2 Arena in London. TV channel/Live stream KSI vs Swarmz and Pineda can be watched live on DAZN PPV in the UK. The fight will cost £11.99 to watch, on top of your £7.99-a-month subscription. The event can also be live streamed via the DAZN app, which is available for download onto all good internet-connected devices. Full Card KSI vs Luis Alcaraz Pineda Faze Temper vs Slim King Kenny vs Faze Sensei Deji vs Fousey Sam Hyde vs IAMTHMPSN Salt Papi vs Andy Warski Deen the Great vs Evil Hero KSI vs Swarmz MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Bellew used to roast Dubois after 'stupid' fight Joshua told to take 'spicy' clash after Usyk as part of fight plan Usyk spotted with two black eyes at the airport after Joshua win  Quotes KSI: "Just wanna say that at the end of the day, one of the main goals of this first fight was to get rid of ring rust. I wanted to prove to myself that I’m a better boxer than I’ve portrayed in the past. If you wanna see, fine. "If not, fine. I’m still doing it anyway. There are still many good fights on this card that I’m excited to see. We are the only YouTube boxing event happening this summer. "We’ve had many things try to disrupt this event but still we stand. This is a long-term play, and I’ll happily take a small L now for a big W later."