The situation was described by Mark Hall of Divert.co.uk as a “total birdemic” - and “like a scene out of a Hitchcock movie”. Mr Hall said barely a day goes by without one of the company’s operatives being attacked by the surprisingly large birds, armed with their fearsome beaks and claws. He explained: “It’s like a scene out of an Alfred Hitchcock movie. The one with all the birds. “These new super-angry seagulls are becoming a total birdemic, with our teams being forced to run for their lives”. Divert covers the whole of the UK, and Mr Hall said it was not uncommon for seagulls to swoop on refuse collectors as they emptied bins or unloaded lorries. The situation has become so bad staff now have to wear hard hats. He added: “It’s like they came from an Evil Scientist’s lab”, but we know that the birds are eating better, getting more confident, and know they’re getting the better of us. “God help us all if these monsters start organising themselves.” JUST IN: Ukraine forces unleash hell on Russia with UK-built missiles “I had to run for the truck cab to save myself. There were already two other guys in there doing the same.” Understandably, the situation is even worse near the coast. Mark Taylor, of Addingham in Bradford, who sometimes covers Scarborough and the surrounding area, said: “Empty a seafront bin? “Not without full protective gear. I’m ex-Forces and nothing terrifies me more than those flying gits.” DON'T MISSPutin ICBM carrier ploughs into vehicle in horror crash [NEWS]Russia to ignite 'war in Balkans' with threat of Bosnia intervention [SPOTLIGHT]Enormous smoke cloud as rockets rain down on occupied land [REVEAL] Meanwhile, Mr Hall stressed no blame was being attached to the gulls themselves, with the fault lying, as it is so frequently, with humanity. High-rise buildings have enabled the birds to lay their eggs and raise their broods out of the reach of natural predators such as foxes. More seagulls surviving means less food to go around, and that in turn has made them more likely to be aggressive, with bins, rubbish dumps, and recycling centres' natural targets. Anyone feeding seagulls, either in city centres or the seafront, was only encouraging them to associate human activity with food. Mr Hall said: “That means homeowners, landlords and businesses should make their rooftops unwelcoming for gulls so that numbers might gradually decline. “Food waste should be well wrapped to prevent the birds getting a whiff of your half-eaten kebab. “But most of all – tourists and city folk: PLEASE Stop feeding the gulls. “We’ve seen enough pecking injuries in the refuse industry to last a lifetime.”