Jay is best known for playing heartthrob Billy Fletcher on Emmerdale, the son of Jessie Dingle (played by Sandra Marvin) and the stepson of Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) and Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Although the character married Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) earlier this year on the ITV soap following a short romance with Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu), it has been an uphill battle to find the love of his life. Away from the village-based drama, the actor is more than smitten with his marriage and he and his wife recently discovered they were expecting their third child together. The soap star is married to artist Mimi, with the pair making it down the aisle in 2017, one year before Jay joined the cast of the weeknight serial drama. At the time they met, Jay wasn't on television as he was actually part of a band called The Mend, which his sister-in-law was really interested in. One night, she decided to bring along Mimi to one of the band's shows and the rest is history as the pair got on really well. They even had their first child together, KaiBo, when they got married as the baby was just three weeks old at the time. Discussing the big day, Mimi told OK! Magazine: "We just had family there and it was really nice." READ MORE: Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series "It was inevitable that we were going to get married, so we thought, 'Why not do it now,'" the artist continued to explain. After having their second child Zian shortly after tying the knot, the couple are expecting another baby in November. The couple broke the news last month, with Jay explaining how he discovered his family was going to expand whilst at work. Jay said: "Mimi called me during my lunch break on set and told me. "I was sitting eating lunch in the sun and all of a sudden I went hot and started dripping with sweat. I was a bit shocked." The actor continued: "Before that, Mimi had said she wanted to get a pregnancy test and I said, ‘A pregnancy test? That’s a lot of money that, especially with the cost of living going up.’ "Then I was in work and she decided to throw a spanner in the works over lunch," he added in an interview with OK! Magazine. A week before she discovered she was pregnant, Mimi had thrown away all their previous baby stuff as she didn't think they would have another. However, it wasn't without trying as the couple had stated in the past they wanted to have a big family so their children could look out for one another. Jay previously jokingly said in another interview with OK! Magazine: "'I’ll say yes once and we’ll end up with six more kids!' DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] When the child is born, they are likely to name it with a connection to Mimi's Chinese heritage, as they have done with their other children. Explaining why they do this, Mimi said: "I am Chinese, so it’s tradition really. "We come from two cultures with Jay being Black and me being Chinese, and we thought it would be great to raise our kids knowing what ethnicity they come from and where their heritage is from. "It’s very important to us and they should always know where they’re from," she added, with her husband adding: "If someone from China comes to the UK, they are given an English name. "But we thought it would be nice to give them a Chinese name to reflect their heritage. I think it makes them appreciate their culture more.” On having their children quite close in age, Jay's wife explained: "It is good that they’re close together. "Zian really loves KaiBo. She’s at that stage where she has her own imagination and she wants to go off and play on her own. "He will want to play and she’ll say: 'Go away!' but they do really love each other. It’s hard work but it’s worth it. "When she goes to nursery and he watches her go, he cries for her," she added and with a third child in the mix, the couple are likely to have their hands full. However, in the lead-up to the birth, Jay is going to be very busy with work as the show gears itself up to celebrate 50 years on the air. At the moment, it seems the seeds are being planted for Billy and Dawn's inclusion in the anniversary episodes as they are trying to expand their family. In recent scenes, they discovered newcomer to the village Clemmie (Mabel Addison) was the daughter of Dawn's former lover, Alex. Desperate to have the young girl reunited with her brother and Dawn's son, the couple will do their best to get custody. However, it seems there are going to be many twists and turns in this storyline as Dawn will be tested over whether she can love a child who was born because of betrayal? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.