Chelsea are harbouring doubts over signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Barcelona for three reasons, according to reports. The Blues are interested in a deal for the former Arsenal star but could be persuaded to look elsewhere in the final days of the transfer window. Aubameyang only joined Barcelona in January after departing Arsenal following a string of disciplinary breaches. But he is rumoured to be the answer to Chelsea’s No 9 crisis, with Thomas Tuchel desperate for a goal-scoring centre forward. Chelsea have doubts over a deal, though, and could look elsewhere. Barcelona want far more than the £15million the West Londoners are currently offering. The Stamford Bridge hierarchy do not want to pay Barca’s asking price for a player who has turned 33. A third reason is that Aubameyang is likely to demand a huge salary, while Chelsea would prefer to offer a contract that is incentivised with performance-related bonuses. JUST IN: Chelsea given Zaha leverage as Crystal Palace swap possibility arises That is according to The Athletic, who claim that the price, Aubameyang’s age, and his likely contract demands are making Chelsea ‘rethink’ a transfer. Aubameyang could therefore remain with the La Liga club beyond the summer transfer window, despite losing his place to new signing Robert Lewandowski. Chelsea have been linked with several players ahead of Thursday’s transfer deadline. Aubameyang’s Barca team-mates Memphis Depay and Frenkie de Jong are widely reported to be targets. Leicester’s Wesley Fofana is due to have a medical ahead of an £80m transfer, while Everton’s Anthony Gordon and Crystal Palace’s Wilfried Zaha have also been suggested as possible signings. Tuchel has said that he would be happy with the club’s transfer business even if no more players join. He said on Monday: "Right now I think we could need some more players in some positions, but it’s very close to the end of the transfer window and when September 1 comes, I will be a happy coach no matter what happens. I will try to find solutions and not think about what might have happened or what could have been.” DON'T MISS...Tottenham miss out as Chelsea deal concludes after Man Utd Antony bidAubameyang 'robbed and beaten at gunpoint' in scary Barcelona attackChelsea delay Fofana deal and send star to USA over injury concerns However, the German has warned Chelsea’s fringe players that they must commit 100 per-cent to Chelsea if they do not earn moves before Thursday night. “At the moment, I accept it’s like this (players seeking departures),” Tuchel said. “But from September 1 there are no more excuses and no more distractions. “I am very, very happy when the transfer window is over because then we have different leverage to push players and then the commitment has to be 100 per-cent, we will not accept 99 per-cent. “The reality is that sometimes, in the last days of the window, you have to simply accept it no matter what you wish for. It’s the reality.”