Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, exclusively told Express.co.uk there are very real chances of the weather taking an extreme turn before September. He predicts thunderstorms could wreak havoc from Monday, August 22 - and may last for around two days. Rain is desperately needed across the southern and central parts of England, after July was dubbed the driest since 1935. Many places are in a drought, and four regions - Kent, Sussex, Hampshire and the Isle of Wight will all be under hosepipe bans from the end of this week.  But while Mr Dale’s bold forecasts may indicate what’s to come, he still insisted it’s very early to be talking about the specifics. He said: “It’s the breakdown coming ahead of time and into the south and southeast. “It could be violent thunderstorms, it’s one to watch but still a week away.” The weather event is actually more than two weeks away, but forecasters’ certainty increases in the days leading up to it.  Describing how they may be “violent”, he added: “The scale of them - hot humid air being replaced by cooler air, it is a classic ending with a bang situation with possible flood scenarios. “It is not atypical but we will have to see how it pans out. It is too early yet to be certain of details, but charts are suggesting it.” Mr Dale said his models are showing high cape values, which in normal terminology means there are “large volumes” of rain showing for this date. However, despite the stark forecast, it’s still not clear whether the rain will be enough to solve the south’s water shortages.  READ MORE: Hosepipe ban could be in effect for MONTHS “This is the big question,” he added. “It will be a help for sure, but it will be variable with some drought areas likely to miss out. “We really need sustained rain which looks unlikely.” Temperatures this week will peak at around 36C inland, sparking an amber extreme heat weather warning for more than 80 UK regions. DON'T MISS:Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael on 'gift' of 'life-changing' roleNicola Walker addresses Unforgotten exit after Cassie Stuart deathRichard Madeley speaks out on joining Strictly Come Dancing It comes into place on Thursday and ceases at midnight on Sunday, August 14. The Met Office has warned of health risks due to the rising mercury - including dehydration, fatigue and heat stroke and welfare issues for those who become stuck in air, rail or car delays. There will also be a heightened chance of water and fire incidents breaking out, with large parts of the south, southeast and centre of England under an “exceptional” fire risk. This means if a blaze is to break out in one of these areas, it may erupt into something exceptionally severe due to the tinder-dry conditions and hot temperatures. 