Toilet seats are often prone to stains caused by hard water lines and limescale stains. If you keep them unattended for a long period of time, the stains keep getting nastier and more difficult to deal with. This is why it is important to get rid of the stains from your toilet seat as soon as you encounter them. Sharing advice on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, cleaning enthusiasts advised on how to go about "properly" removing yellow stains from toilet seats. Posting a picture of the current state of her toilet, Fiona Hough asked: “Any ideas on how to remove yellow stains from my toilet seat?” More than 130 Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to give their suggestions. Many suggested using a combination of baking soda and white vinegar over chemical cleaning products. READ MORE: ‘Most effective way’ to clean your entire washing machine    Cath Hughes said: “My toilet seat was completely covered in yellow stains, even worse than yours and I’ve only just managed to clean it properly. “I used baking soda and enough white vinegar to form a paste, then smeared it all over the surface. “I left it to sit for around 30 minutes and then used a microfibre cloth to wipe it away using circular motions. “I’ve never seen my toilet seat so clean, it’s like brand new.” DON'T MISS:Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [EXPERT]‘Excellent homemade traps’ to get rid of ants and flies in your home [TIPS]Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 [INSIGHT]  It's crucial to let cleaning products sit on a stain for a while before you put some elbow grease into scrubbing it away. Best of all, allowing the product to sit requires less muscle to scrub it off. Leah Pearce agreed: “Baking soda and white vinegar worked for mine and what made it better is that I already had the products in my kitchen cupboards.” Sarah Pawsey commented: “Believe me, I’ve tried everything and this was the only thing that worked.” READ MORE: Three ‘effective homemade remedies’ to remove limescale from taps Rosie Evans added: “Create a paste out of baking soda and white vinegar. I had staining on mine from bleach and it rubbed it off instantly with no effort needed.” White vinegar can be purchased for as little as 29p from Tesco and Sainsbury’s. While baking soda can be picked up at Asda for only 55p. Although it is quite common for homeowners to use bleach to remove any type of stains, whether they be in the bathroom or the kitchen, Mrs Hinch fans were firmly set against this.  Nikki Clews said: “Never use bleach on your toilet seats or anywhere on your toilets as it doesn’t remove the stains, it nearly masks it and can damage your toilet.” Kim Mcgeown wrote: “I used bleach on my porcelain toilet and it has completely destroyed it. “Your best option is to avoid bleach completely and use a non-chemical cleaning product.” While it may not be evident right away, bleach can be harmful to toilet surfaces over a long period.