Manchester United privately accept that Frenkie de Jong will not join them this summer as long as Chelsea hold an interest in the player, according to reports. De Jong wants to stay at Barca but would prefer to join Chelsea if he were to change clubs in this window. United have looked to pursue a deal for the Dutchman throughout the summer. Agreeing a fee with Barca has not been the issue for the Red Devils. De Jong does not want to join them and has made that abundantly clear. Barca are keen to sell the player though, in order to raise funds to be able to register their own new signings. But it appears United know they are far from his first choice. CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claims the Old Trafford club have accepted that, while Chelsea are interested in De Jong, they will not be able to lure him to the club. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd contact 'technical' winger, De Jong phone call, Spurs bid  A move to Stamford Bridge is seen as more preferable for the former Ajax star. But he is maintaining his stance that he wants to stay at Barca beyond this window. Jacobs claims Chelsea are prepared to pay Barca's asking price for De Jong. However, they will not make an official offer until they convince the player to move to west London. De Jong joined Barca from Ajax in 2019 for a fee of around £64m. He has been a regular starter since but the La Liga club view him as a saleable asset during a huge period of transition under manager Xavi Hernandez. United boss Erik ten Hag managed De Jong for two years at Ajax and wants to reunite with him in Manchester. But it appears the lure of working under his old manager is not enough for De Jong. DON'T MISSChelsea 'keen on third Barcelona star' after De Jong and AubameyangChelsea 'consider Zaha swap' as Tuchel plots two attacking signingsMan Utd boss Ten Hag ‘picks player to be dropped’ once Rabiot sealed  United have turned their attention to signing France international Adrien Rabiot from Juventus. The Old Lady are keen on selling Rabiot, so a fee is not set to be a problem. Talks are set to be held between United and the player's agent and mother Veronique. But Ten Hag will not be pursuing former West Ham striker Marko Arnautovic. United saw an offer for Arnautovic turned down by Bologna at the weekend. Bologna's asking price, as well as backlash from supporters, has led to United looking at alternative targets.  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt