In a new Channel 5 series titled Our Great Yorkshire Life, Emmerdale's Liam Fox has teamed up with his ITV co-star Dean Andrews to embark on a brand new adventure. Our Great Yorkshire Life will see the duo explore what Yorkshire has to offer by taking part in a number of activities including caving and kayaking. While Liam admitted he has no plans to leave Emmerdale, he explained he would love to take on more presenting roles in the future. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the Dan Spencer star explained: "I'd love to do more presenting, more stuff with Dean (Andrews) and more stuff on my own. "I love Emmerdale to bits and I am certainly happy at Emmerdale until the end of time, but it’s nice doing other stuff as it keeps the old grey matter going. "I've got actually got a podcast about ghosts and UFOs as well. So I'm used to being a bit daft." READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring When asked whether he’d like to do another series of Our Great Yorkshire Life, Liam beamed: "100 percent, absolutely. Without a shadow of a doubt. "I think I'm at an age now where I want loads of adventures. "You know I’ve got Emmerdale, which is fantastic, but if they let me when I’m not filming I’d love to do little bits and bobs here and there." Liam said he has been pals with Dean Andrews, who plays Will Taylor in Emmerdale for years. However, he explained they are rarely seen together on screen. "Within Emmerdale, we don't really have that many scenes together," Liam explained. "We used to a bit in the garage, but we have a relationship where we talk about home, family life and friends we have in common. "Stuff that isn’t about the show anyway," the soap star added. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery [SPOILERS]A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history [VIDEO]Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'work out' father of Charity's baby [REACTION] Discussing the friendship they have, the actor said: "It's pretty easy. "It’s easy to sit and talk with Dean. I like the fact that he’s very blunt, he’s a proper Yorkshireman, he says it how it is that’s for sure. "We are both actors but he’s just a bloke and we want to have some fun." He went to joke: "And not that they’re the same age but there’s something about him that reminds me of my grandad, not that I’ve told him that." Throughout the Channel 5 series, Dean and Liam took part in several challenges, and it's safe to say they didn't all go to plan. The Dan Spencer actor admitted he got "freak out" when they tried their hand at caving. "I am a bit of a wet lettuce, I am scared of the dark, I am scared of everything," he admitted. "We didn't know what to expect and then when we got there, it was just this hole in the ground, and I was like, 'Oh my god'. "It was like entering hell, it was a bit scary." Emmerdale airs on weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.