Putin’s Russia could be prepared to intimidate NATO countries with strikes in a bid to dissuade Western countries from defending Ukraine, a retired British army officer has warned. His comments come after the UK Army’s top ranks officer Paul Carney said that British forces are "shaping itself to meet the threat from Russia" and are prepared to "counter any aggression." Mr Carney also said UK troops must be ready to be deployed and fight Russia in the East. When asked how significant that statement was, former Chief of the General Staff, Lord Dannatt said: "It is the duty for any army in peacetime – by and large are in peacetime as far as the UK is concerned at the present moment – but it is the duty of an army to prepare for war. "And given that there is a war ongoing in Europe at the moment, the United Kingdom as a key member of NATO is playing its part in supporting allies. "It is conceivable that either through design or miscalculation the British troops might find themselves engaged in a hostile way at some point in the future. "I don’t see it happening in Ukraine. That’s contrary to government policy; that’s contrary to what NATO wants to do." "I think it would be madness if he did," Lord Dannatt said. "It would be starting war with NATO completely. But what the top soldier is saying is these things are possible, so therefore we should be prepared. "And if we’re not prepared, we will be surprised, and our training will kick in. "This isn’t alarmist, this is sensible and precautionary and doing what every army should do in peacetime: prepare for war." In a sign of a possible escalation in the Ukraine war, Warrant Officer Paul Corney warned UK soldiers that the time had come to prepare their “families and loved ones” for the possibility of being sent to the East, the Mirror reports. READ MORE: 'Probability of major act of terror VERY HIGH at plant "I want us all to check we are physically fit for operations. And it is also important we prepare loved ones and families, who often have the hardest role in our absence," Mr Corner told Soldier magazine. "My ask is that you have discussions about a potential deployment with them now. Find the numbers for the support networks and the relevant people who can help them, such as the unit welfare officer and padre. "This is key as we could be out of contact for extended periods on tour. Making sure our loved ones have the support they need is vital for us too, as we’re not going to give 100% on tour if we are worried about home.", Mr Corner added. DON'T MISS:Finland furious as Russian MiG-31 fighter jets 'violate airspace' [REPORT] Russia activists beg West to stop army killing Moscow soldiers [INSIGHT] Serbia threatens to send more troops to Kosovo [REPORT] Concerns are growing over the West’s ability to sustain support for Ukraine and its deliveries of weapons. Europe is bracing itself for a bleak winter of rising food prices, limited energy to heat homes and the real possibility of a recession. European officials are worried the bloc could split over the need to support Ukraine in the long run as economic sanctions imposed on Russia are backfiring. European countries are already preparing to save energy ahead of winter, with Germany turning off lights illuminating monuments, France keeping its shop doors shut while the air conditioning is on and Spain’s hospitality industry told to limit the air conditioning to no lower than 27 degrees Celsius. READ NEXT: Putin puppet warns West of all-out nuclear attacks against EU and US Putin global master-plan — tipped to 'take swipe' at three countries'HIMARS time!' Putin rattled by humiliating videoRussia war Britain - Is Britain ready for Russia to declare war?NATO members prepare for exercise in show of force against Putin