Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta could have missed a trick in his pursuit of a midfielder this summer. The Gunners have previously been linked with a deal for Portugal international Renato Sanches but he will not be moving to north London this summer. That is because Sanches has joined Paris Saint-Germain in a cut-price deal. PSG have signed the 24-year-old for a fee of just £12.5million (€15m). Sanches has signed a five-year contract at the French champions after leaving Lille. He had three successful campaigns at Lille, including winning Ligue 1 in the 2020/21 season. And Gunners boss Arteta may well regret missing out on such a cheap deal. Arsenal are in the market for a midfielder despite already making five signings this summer. Transfer news LIVE: Ten Hag 'unhappy', Chelsea's £300m plan, De Jong updates  Leicester star Youri Tielemans has been linked with a move throughout the window. Juventus' Arthur Melo is also a reported target following a failed loan move in January. But Tielemans in particular would likely cost a lot more than PSG have spent on Sanches. The Belgian has less than a year remaining on his Leicester contract but the Foxes would look for above £25m. If Arsenal do end up signing a midfielder, they could spend a lot more than if they were to have pursued Sanches. Though there is no guarantee the former Swansea loanee would have wanted to join the Gunners ahead of PSG, who are competing in the Champions League this season. Upon signing a five-year contract, Sanches insisted he had joined the right team and is happy to have fellow Portuguese players at the club to help him settle. He said: "I'm really happy to have arrived here in Paris. These last few days have been really important for me and for my family. DON'T MISSKeane explains why Man Utd will finish above Arsenal and gives Spurs verdictAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham openerTen Hag ‘unhappy’ with Man Utd board as De Jong and Sesko info drops  "I'm sure that I've made the right choice by signing for the club. I chose Paris Saint-Germain because I think that it's the best project for me. Staying in France was important to me, as I know this league already. "I think that it's the right choice, and I'm obviously happy to be joining up with some of my Portuguese compatriots. That could also make my integration easier. "I already know Nuno Mendes and Danilo Pereira but not yet Vitinha. I spoke to Nuno before I signed, and he had good things to say about Paris Saint-Germain."  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here