Liverpool have been told that the potential £42million proposal for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo would only be enough to buy the starlet’s boots. Seagulls boss Graham Potter has laughed off any suggestion of the exciting Ecuadorian leaving before Thursday’s transfer deadline. Caicedo has courted attention from some of Europe’s biggest clubs this summer despite playing just 14 times for Brighton. The 20-year-old has seamlessly replaced the £35m Tottenham recruit Yves Bissouma. Liverpool and Manchester United have both been linked with Caicedo. The Premier League duo had kept tabs on the player when he was playing for Ecuador side Independiente, but allowed Brighton a free run on a bargain £4m transfer. Both top-flight heavyweights now want to sign Caicedo, but reports of a £42m bid by Liverpool have been laughed off by Potter. The Brighton boss has suggested the Reds could ‘try’ with an offer closer to £100m. JUST IN: Liverpool team news: Predicted XI vs Newcastle with two changes “In football you never know, but we are quite calm and confident. You'd probably get his boots for that from the chairman — maybe! £100m? They can try,” Potter quipped. “It doesn't surprise me that people are looking at him because he is playing at a fantastic level. As soon as you do research on him you realise he is a top kid, great person, young, playing in the Premier League, has all the attributes to play at the very, very highest level.” Caicedo has been in excellent form this season and has been ever-present in Brighton’s first four Premier League matches. Potter’s side have kept pace with Manchester City and Tottenham having picked up 10 points. Only Arsenal - who have won all their fixtures - have more points. DON'T MISS...Richarlison continues Liverpool feud by calling out Jamie CarragherWhat Liverpool are 'looking for' amid Ruben Neves transfer updateWhat Ten Hag thinks about Fernandes being Man Utd captain It is unlikely that Brighton will sell Caicedo this close to the transfer deadline, especially as they have no replacement. Liverpool must therefore look elsewhere for the midfielder that head coach Jurgen Klopp craves or pay out an extortionate fee. Klopp had initially insisted that there would be no more new signings at Anfield after Darwin Nunez was acquired in an £85m move. However, the German has since reneged on that position and could sign a fresh midfield option. A gruelling schedule both domestically and in Europe, coupled with a difficult start to the season before Saturday’s 9-0 thumping of Bournemouth, have proved to Klopp that he needs another midfielder. Borussia Dortmund and England starlet Jude Bellingham is a long-term target, although it is unlikely that the 19-year-old will be allowed to leave by the Bundesliga side before Thursday’s deadline.