The veteran journalist reacted to claims that the UK could attract more private investment in water infrastructure “by getting rid of some of the European regulations that we have”, asking: “Is there a Brussels rule protecting leaky pipes?” It comes as a drought has been declared across vast swathes of England today (Friday) amid a second scorching heatwave of the summer. Large water supply companies have been criticised for failing to meet their targets to stop water wastage through leakage – which account for a massive proportion of the country’s daily consumption. Speaking on Sky this morning, Therese Coffey – an ally of Tory leadership candidate Liz Truss – described issues including soaring energy bills facing households as “a problem”. She went on to argue that the cost of living crisis facing many Britons was “why unlocking regulations so we get more investment into things like reservoirs to improvements to water supplies” were important. Ms Coffey, the work and pensions minister, continue: “Those are the sorts of things that, if we could get more private investment in by getting rid of some of the European regulations that we have, those sorts of things will start to make it easier to secure that investment and have that long-term approach in improving our water infrastructure, but also other utilities as well.” READ MORE: The water companies are taking us for fools, says CAROLE MALONE But this cut no ice with Mr Neil, who responded caustically: “What European regulations have stopped UK water industry from investing in greater capacity/efficiency? “Is there a Brussels rule protecting leaky pipes?” Emily Sheffield, the former Evening Standard editor and sister of Samantha Cameron, thanked the broadcaster. She added: “I just can’t be bothered with these joke excuses and joke people like Coffey anymore. “Take Back Control. And then the Tories still blame Europe. It’s pathetic. It’s not Government or governing.” The UK is currently going through its driest summer for 50 years, prompting a drought to be formally declared by the Environment Agency across eight of England’s fourteen regions. The drought covers the south, east, south west and central areas of the country. It is the first time such a declaration has been made since 2018. Although the new formal status will not automatically mean restrictions such as hosepipe bans come into effect, it will require water companies to intensify strategies to manage water levels, including preventing wastage. DON'T MISSUkraine issues eerie warning to Crimea tourists in brutally mocking ad [INSIGHT]Corbyn's calls to end Ukraine support 'sad and disappointing' [REACTION]Ukraine forces unleash hell on Russia with UK-built missiles [INSIGHT] However, several water companies have already introduced temporary hosepipe bans for the summer. A recent report by Ofwat found that of the 17 large water suppliers it regulates, none had met their water usage targets for 2020-21. Five of those companies did not meet their expected targets for leakages. A recent National Audit Office report found that, as of 2018, England and Wales consumed an average of 14billion litres of water a day. But 20 percent of this, or around 3billion litres, is lost to leaks in the system. Steve Double, the water minister, said today: “We are currently experiencing a second heatwave after what was the driest July on record for parts of the country. “All water companies have reassured us that essential supplies are still safe, and we have made it clear it is their duty to maintain those supplies.” Ofwat expects water companies to reduce leakages by 16 percent between 2020 and 2025, and a 12 percent reduction in consumer bills in the same period.