Ferrari have been told to fire all their strategists following an “unbelievable” series of mistakes this year. The Italian team enjoyed a superb start to the season but have fallen off the pace in the driver and team standings over the summer. Charles Leclerc won two of the first three Grands Prix of the season as drivers got to grips with their new-look cars following a winter of upgrades. And it appeared that Ferrari would dominate for the first time since the late 2000s. But the team have missed out on a whole host of points because of decisions they have made. Leclerc found himself leading the Monaco, British and Hungarian Grands Prix earlier this season but failed to finish on the podium in any of the races as a result of either being called in to pit at the wrong time or being left out on the track on the wrong tyres. And former F1 ace Marc Surer thinks heads should roll as a result. “The strategists should be fired,” the 70-year-old said. “You can really only shake your head at the fact they just manage to make the wrong decision again and again. I’d fire all the strategy people. How you can get so much wrong - it’s unbelievable.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen told factor which gives him Charles Leclerc edge   Ferrari have also been made to pay for power failure and driver errors this year. And in Hungary last time out, Leclerc and his team-mate Carlos Sainz saw Max Verstappen pass them to win the race, despite the fact the Red Bull ace had started the day in 10th position. Scuderia chief Mattia Binotto had insisted the pace of the car was to blame for his team’s lack of podium place on that occasion. But Surer has refuted those claims with a sarcastic quip. “Yeah, if you put the wrong tyres on,” he continued. “He (Leclerc) was leading the race before - it’s really too slow!” DON'T MISSVerstappen explains why he prefers fighting Leclerc than Hamilton [INSIGHT]Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto speaks out as sack calls intensify  [ANALYSIS]Ex-Ferrari boss reveals difference between Leclerc and Schumacher [COMMENT]   Ferrari have fallen 97 points behind Red Bull in the Constructors’ Championship, while Leclerc trails Verstappen by 80 points in the Drivers’ Championship. And Surer believes more questions should be asked. “Somehow someone from the top should actually say something - ‘what are they actually doing? We have the fastest car in the field,’” he added. Leclerc has three race victories to his name this year after triumphing in Bahrain, Australia and Austria. And the 24-year-old will be looking to claim a fourth win when the F1 season resumes in Belgium at the end of the month. 