After Netflix’s real estate reality series came to an end in May on a cliffhanger, viewers are looking forward to the upcoming season. Chrishell Stause found herself at the centre of the drama and she's opened up about what her future on the show could have been.  Viewers were left with multiple questions after the show failed to close the chapter on Chrishell and Jason Oppenheim‘s break-up. The pair had been dating throughout season five, and when filming concluded they announced their split on social media. It was revealed the two decided to go their separate ways due to differing opinions on their future with children. During a chat with her co-star Emma Hernan, Chrishell opened up about the off-screen breakup. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery   She disclosed: “He just told me that he doesn’t want to have kids, so as much as this hurts me to say, I’ve been clear with him what that would mean, so we are done, we broke up. “I’m just disappointed, I just feel like you never have it figured out and I guess that’s the life lesson." Chrishell added: “And I should know better at this point, but I thought this was it.” With more details about the split yet to air, the real estate agent has addressed whether she will return for another series.    She explained: “I don't foresee myself doing this for a long time, but I think that as long as you're still enjoying it, that's the key. “Right now, I'm still really enjoying it, and I really love the people that I work with.” Chrishell reflected on her early days on the show and labelled her experience a “baptism through fire.” She told The Hollywood Reporter: “I was very naive in the beginning, I really thought we were doing a show based on real estate.” DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin [INSIGHT]Selling Sunset's Mary Fitzgerald speaks out on Christine Quinn future [INSIGHT]Selling Sunset season 6: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]  Selling Sunset follows the professional and personal lives of the agents working at the Oppenheim Group. Talking place in Los Angeles, the professionals work to sell properties in abundance to their affluent clients. However, their personal lives also provided drama for the show as fans were kept entertained by the feuds and battles for clients. With the agents even arguing over potential properties, Chrishell confessed she had no idea this was part of the show.   She shared: “I didn't know the personal aspect and the work dynamics, [that] this is what the show would really evolve into. “It was like baptism through fire, but having come through the other end of it, I'm grateful for the opportunity. “So many incredible things have come my way because of this experience.” Thankfully for fans, they can expect to see more of the show as Selling Sunset was also confirmed for season seven. Selling Sunset is available on Netflix 