Prince Harry, 37, was greeted by the nation’s president, Paul Kagame. The official Twitter page for the Rwandan leader wrote: “President Kagame received Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex, who visited Rwanda as part of his work as President of African Parks. “The Government of Rwanda has agreements with African Parks to manage Akagera and Nyungwe National Parks.” The prince was then shown standing next to Mr Kagame in a photo published by the account. The Duke, who is the president of African Parks, which is a non-profit group focusing on conservation across the continent. It is one of the few patronages the Duke still undertakes since he and his wife, Meghan, stepped back from royal duties in 2020. A spokesperson told PEOPLE the Duke would be “welcoming and co-hosting a group of US officials, conservationists and philanthropists as they tour protected wildlife and nature areas” during his visit to Africa. The social media account for the Kigali Genocide Memorial, marking the 1994 Rwandan genocide, then posted images of the Duke visiting the memorial. The account wrote that the prince “paid his respects to victims of the Genocide against the Tutsi”. The site is the final resting place of over 250,000 people killed during the genocide. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry could feel force of 'Queen's wrath' by ignoring rules The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s biographer, Omid Scobie, wrote on Twitter that the prince had left a personalised message in the visitor book at the site over the weekend. He said the Duke wrote: “I am profoundly moved by what I have witnessed.” He added: “What an incredible show of unity and resilience we now see. “Thank you for showing us all the way to healing and forgiveness. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William 'treading on Harry's toes' [LIVE] Poll result: Harry and Meghan ‘not welcome’ to return to UK [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should taxpayers fund William and Kate's renovations? [VOTE] “You are setting an example across the world.” It does not appear that the Duchess of Sussex, 41, nor the couple’s two children, joined the Duke on his trip. Prince Harry also travelled alone to Mozambique last week in a surprise three-day visit. He was pictured in a laid-back T-shirt in the seaside resort town of Vilanculos. The Duke has previously called the African continent his “second home”, adding in a speech to the UN earlier this year it had connected him with his “soulmate”, Meghan. This comes ahead of the Duke and Duchess's planned return to the UK next month, following an earlier trip back across the pond for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The June festivities were the first time the Duke and Duchess returned to the UK in an official capacity since they relocated to the States and renounced royal life. The couple will travel to Manchester to attend the One Young World Summit on September 5. They will then depart for Germany, where they will mark one year until the next Invictus Games in Dusseldorf. They will then appear at the WellChild Awards in London, of which Prince Harry is a patron.