Prince William and Kate and their three children are reportedly set to move into Adelaide Cottage - a four-bedroom home - in Windsor this year. The family-of-five are reportedly set to move as their royal responsibilities increase. Kate, 40, has previously admitted to feeling broody on recent royal outings but the Cambridges "one child per room" new home seems to shut down speculation of a potential fourth child. Speaking on GB News, royal expert Charles Rae discussed the Cambridge family's upcoming move. GB News host Colin Brazier claims that the news of the Cambridges new home, which has "one bedroom per child", is "quite profound". Mr Rae said:"This is quite a sizeable four-bedroom house. It's Adelaide Cottage." He added that they are "downsizing" for a number of "good idea" reasons. READ MORE: Queen set to miss Harry and Meghan's return as Monarch advised to STAY in Scotland He continued: "One is the children's schooling, they are going to be nearby. "Also they're going to be much closer to the Queen. "The Queen is now officially living in Windsor." Mr Rae added that as well as the Queen, Prince "Edward and Sophie [are] living very close by", as well as the Middletons and her siblings. READ MORE: Princess Anne leaves crowd in stitches with hilarious reaction to red-faced host's misstep He added that once William and Kate become King and Queen, it will be "back to the huge palaces that they've been used to". 9honey's royal expert Natalie Oliveri recently spoke on Australia's Today Show about the Cambridges move. She claimed that Adelaide Cottage will offer "privacy away from the cameras" compared to their current London residence. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan UK and Germany visit: Every scheduled event [SCHEDULE]Meghan and Harry to star in defaced currencies artwork [REPORT]Royal fans gush as Meghan Markle announces date for 'keynote speech' [REPORT] Kate and William have been married for 11 years. They share three children. They are proud parents to nine-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis. In Windsor, the trio will all be attending a school together for the first time. READ NEXT: