 On September 1, England, Wales and Scotland will see the introduction of the new “72” number plate vehicle registration. This follows on from the “22” plate changes which were released in March earlier this year.  The new vehicle registrations will follow the standard rules including white plates on the front and yellow on the back - with the exception of cars registered before 1973. Numbers and letters must be exactly 79 millimetres tall and there must be a space between the numbers that mark the year and the three random letters. All registration plates must be in a specific font which has been in use since 2001 – called the Charles Wright font. Car owners are not allowed to change or purposefully obscure their registration. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption  Drivers can be fined up to £1,000 for this. British cars driven abroad must have nationality identifiers on their plates. This was previously “GB”, with drivers now requiring the Union flag and as of September last year, the “UK” identifier. With the new number plate changes being introduced next month, experts are urging drivers to take some advice into account when buying a new car. DON'T MISSDrivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [WARNING]DEAL OF THE DAY: Save £5 on fuel at ALL UK petrol stations with deal [DEALS]Woman savages 'pathetic' neighbours over car parking tactics [SHOCKING] READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption  The number plates themselves do not impact the value, but they do represent the newest cars on the market. For those looking to sell their old car, they may be best placed to do so before September. The car may be worth more now than it will after the new plates are introduced, simply because it will have newer models to compete against. Anyone looking to buy will also be in luck as many dealerships will be looking to sell off their older models.  This could yield some bargains for drivers who are not interested in getting the newest models. Bill Fennell, Chief Ombudsman and Managing Director of The Motor Ombudsman, urged drivers to carefully plan and think of the kind of car they need before purchasing. He said: “Buying a big ticket item, such as a new car, is a significant commitment. “It is therefore important that consumers spend time doing their research to select both the right car and retailer, spend within their means, and plan ahead."  He added that this should be done in terms of longer-term affordability, and when they will need a new car due to the extended lead times. Drivers are also being urged to keep in mind the associated costs that come along with buying a new car. Any monthly finance payments, annual servicing, fuel or electric charging tariffs should all be taken into account. When buying online, drivers also have an extra level of protection through the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013. For example, when buying a vehicle on the internet, motorists have 14 days to return the car from the date of delivery if they change their mind. They are being warned that there may be deductions for usage if they have driven the car before deciding to hand it back.