Adam Peaty has apologised after appearing to undermine the importance of the Commonwealth Games. The swimmer won gold on Tuesday in the 50-metre breaststroke but had been condemned by BBC viewers for comments he made just 48 hours earlier. The 27-year-old had boasted on Sunday that the Olympics was a much more important event than the Commonwealth Games after suffering a shock defeat in the 100m breaststroke. But he has now apologised and said that he takes responsibility for how badly he came across in the interview. "I want to be held accountable for that. It came across very wrong [yesterday]. I did address it. I'm sorry for anyone who misunderstood that. A lot of emotions yesterday,” Peaty told the BBC on Tuesday. “A lot of people understand that sport is like this and I reached the bottom of the bottom yesterday. To bring myself up with the crowd, with my own mind, that's a great result. JUST IN: Peaty 'much happier' as Brit seals Commonwealth Games gold medal “That was the only one I hadn't won in my career, so I can retire now! No, but I'm very happy with my progress there. I don't care about the stats, tonight was about racing. “I'm honestly looking forward to having four weeks off now, completely resetting and doing a winter from September which I haven't done since 2019 when I broke the world record. I know what I need to do now. I'm so glad I got that loss earlier in the week because these wins now feel so much better." Peaty claimed that the emotion had got the better of him after he was surprisingly beaten in Monday’s 100m breaststroke by fellow Englishman James Wilby. He finished fourth overall in a surprisingly below-par display. DON'T MISS...Peaty 'much happier' as Brit seals Commonwealth Games gold medalPrincess Charlotte wears £39 striped dress for Commonwealth GamesKate pulls back Princess Charlotte's hair in touching moment The reigning Olympic gold winner finished outside the medal places in an event he had won in the previous eight years. He was then accused of talking down the Commonwealth Games in a candid interview with the BBC. After being asked how he felt after his rare defeat, he nonchalantly remarked: “It doesn't feel amazing, but it doesn't feel bad either. It'll probably be my last attempt tomorrow, but I'm not bothered about it,” Peaty said. “The Commonwealths to me, in the grand scheme of things...it's about two years’ time (the Olympics). “That's no disrespect. I'm still four weeks into my programme, I can't put that expectation on myself.”