Nick Kyrgios has said it was emotionally challenging to beat Alex de Minaur at the Montreal Open due to the close friendship the Aussie pair enjoy. The Wimbledon runner-up beat his international compatriot 6-2, 6-3 to move into the quarter-finals with the victory coming just a day after his sensational win over world No 1 Daniil Medvedev to earn himself a seeded spot at the US Open. Kyrgios is enjoying the best form of his career having won 15 of his last 16 matches. His sole defeat came in the final at the All England Club where he was beaten by 21-time Grand Slam champion Novak Djokovic in straight sets. His run in Montreal comes off the back of his success in the Citi Open where he won his first tour title in three years. He quickly followed it up with a successful men’s doubles partnering with American Jack Sock, becoming the first person ever to hold both trophies at once. He will play Polish star Hubert Hurkacz in the quarter-finals after beating his countryman De Minaur. However, after the match Kyrgios decided to focus on how difficult he found the game, as he admitted it was hard to beat one of his best friends. DON'T MISS: Andy Roddick fears Nick Kyrgios is a 'time bomb' despite Medvedev win "Today was really hard mentally for me to go out here and play Alex," he said. "We're such good friends and he's been having such a good career so far and carrying the Australian flag for so long. It was just tough mentally. It's never easy to play a player like that, especially if they're Australian. "I just got out here and got the job done. I played the way I had to play. He's a hell of a player. If you play to his strengths, he's one of the best players we have in the game and he's so fast. He's going to have a hell of a career." The win was significant for Kyrgios as it meant he moved into 27th place in the live world rankings, a position that will make him a seed in the upcoming US Open. He explained this was one of his main aims in the tournament so he could avoid the likes of Djokovic and Rafael Nadal in the early rounds. "It was a goal, more so so I didn't get one of the big titans or gods in the first round," the 27-year-old said. "I can actually work my way into the tournament. I always feel that my game is right there, no matter who I play. Today I felt amazing and hopefully I can keep it going." Kyrgios will play Hurkacz at 5pm this evening as he looks to build on his good form ahead of the start of the US Open at the end of the month.