Queen Elizabeth II’s only daughter marks her 72nd birthday today. Princess Anne has earned her place as one of the most respected senior royals, having represented the Queen in an official capacity for over 50 years. It has long been said that the Princess Royal is the hardest working member of the Royal Family and she is largely known, and admired, for her work ethic and dedication to service. While her no-nonsense and determined character aligns well with the royal’s devoted duty, it has not always gone down well with other members of the family, namely Diana, Princess of Wales, who reportedly faced issues with her sister-in-law.According to Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine and author of ‘Diana: An Intimate Portrait’, the tension between the two women “came to a head” prior to the Princess of Wales’ first appearance alongside the Royal Family at one of their favourite events.In her 1995 book ‘Prince Edward’, Ms Seward wrote: “The situation came to an early head at the end of Ascot week in June 1981, barely a month before Diana’s marriage.” The biographer explained that then-Lady Diana was staying at Windsor Castle for the Ascot race meeting. READ MORE: Princess Diana's spooky dream foreshadowed future relationship breakdown with Charles Diana had sensed “Anne’s apathy toward her and wanting to ingratiate herself, she ventured up to the nursery in the Queen’s Tower where Anne was settling in with her son Peter, who was three at the time, and her four-week-old daughter Zara. “Diana, still only a Lady, gave the princess the benefit of a full curtsey and declared: ‘Ma’am, how wonderful to see you.’ “Anne is contemptuous of pretension at the best of times. “When she was struggling with two small children she had no time for it at all.” Seward continued: “She looked up at Diana — and looked straight through her. “Diana, confronted by the searing force of Anne’s scorn, fled the room.” Anne and Diana’s relationship was subject to speculation during the Eighties and Nineties, with many believing that the two women were at the centre of a longstanding feud. Ms Seward claimed the Princess Royal “was indifferent to Diana from the very beginning.” She added: “She treated the woman, who by marriage to her elder brother might have become her Queen, with withering disdain. “She called her ‘a silly girl.’” Richard Kay, a royal expert and old friend of the Princess of Wales, backed up Ms Seward’s claims. He told the 2019 Channel 5 documentary ‘Paxman on the Queen’s Children’ that Anne “had no time for Diana”. DON'T MISSHarry, Meghan could return as ‘no one wants them around' in the US [INSIGHT]Harry draws on same memories as William for children's upbringing [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry to leave out detail that would 'burn the whole Firm down' [LATEST] He continued: “She didn’t like the way she went about her duty and the way she used the cameras and the media to promote herself, in her eyes. “Anne had a much more traditional approach to monarchy and royal duty.” However, while Anne allegedly was not Diana’s biggest fan, a video of the Princess of Wales discussing her relationship with the Princess Royal suggests that she actually admired her sister-in-law. In 1985, Diana and her then-husband Prince Charles sat down for an interview with broadcaster Alastair Burnet. Sitting in Kensington Palace, the Prince and Princess of Wales discussed their marriage, family and life in the The Firm. And when asked about the supposed rivalry with Anne, Diana seemingly quashed the gossip, saying she thought the Queen’s daughter was “wonderful”. Mr Burnet asked Diana: “Do you have any sense of living in a state of rivalry between you and Princess Anne, as is said time and time again?” In response, the princess said: “None at all. Princess Anne has been working incredibly hard for the Save the Children Fund and I'm her biggest fan because what she crams into a day I could never achieve.” She added: “We've always hit it off very well and I just think she's marvellous.” In the same year, Anne was also asked about the reported rift with her sister-in-law during a television appearance on the talk show ‘Wogan’. Host Terry Wogan said to the royal: “Lately there's been tales of you and the Princess of Wales not exactly hitting it off.” Anne denied the accusation, telling Mr Wogan: “Yes, that was one of their better fairy stories.” But, while both princesses denied any animosity existed between them, they were rarely spotted or photographed together in public. In 1992, when Anne married her second husband Sir Timothy Laurence, attention was once again drawn to the two women’s relationship as Diana did not attend the intimate ceremony on the Balmoral Estate in Scotland. However, the reasoning behind her absence could be that the wedding, which took place on December 12, came just days after Diana and Charles’ official separation had been announced, on December 9. And years later, the Princess Royal stepped up to support her nephew and Diana’s son at a critical time. In August 1997, the Princess of Wales tragically died in a car accident in Paris. According to royal biographer Tina Brown, Anne “was especially kind to Harry.” In her 2007 book, ‘The Diana Chronicles’, Ms Brown wrote: “Princess Anne was especially kind to Harry, whose fragility was manifest. “She took him alone with her exploring the Balmoral wilds on foot and on horseback.”