Manchester United icon Roy Keane took aim at two of Erik ten Hag’s players for their performance in the 2-1 defeat to Brighton on Sunday. Two Pascal Gross goals saw Graham Potter’s side claim all three points at Old Trafford as the Red Devils began the new Premier League season with a defeat. United’s problems of last season were their downfall once again despite the new manager, as Keane blasted midfielders Fred and Scott McTominay for their first-half performances. "The two in the middle of the park, all over the place,” Keane told Sky Sports. “Out of possession Man United are as poor as any team in the Premier League. "Man United look very, very fragile, same problems, question the personality in the team, the problem is out of possession they look so open. They started okay, great chance for [Bruno] Fernandes, he should hit the target. But after that, Brighton have been excellent, Man United gaps everywhere, so open it’s untrue." United were unable to deal with the numbers in Brighton’s midfield, especially during the first half, as Moises Caicedo and Leandro Trossard were two of the stars alongside two-goal man Gross. “Caicedo has been excellent in that midfield,” Micah Richards said. “Soon as that ball gets turned over it’s numbers going forward. “Trossard has been excellent, look at the timing from [Danny] Welbeck - he’s been the best player on the pitch. [Lisandro] Martinez and [Harry] Maguire cannot deal with him, they don’t know whether to go short, go long.” Cristiano Ronaldo was brought on in the 53rd minute but former Manchester City defender Richards believes he should have been brought on at half-time. “Should be on at half-time definitely,” Richards said. “Get McTominay off he’s on a yellow card, getting overrun in the midfield, drop [Christian] Eriksen back into that midfield area I know they had a lot of possession but get Ronaldo in they need him. This shows you how much he’s worth for Man United.” DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join The five-time Ballon d’Or winner was brought on for Fred as Eriksen was dropped deeper into the midfield, which Keane previously highlighted could be an issue as he does not believe the Dane is good enough defensively. "I think he’s a really good player,” Keane said. “Will he get Man United back competing for league titles? The answer is no. “My biggest worry for players like Christian and the big problem for Man United in the last year or two is out of possession against better teams so that’s not one of his strengths. A talented player but I’m not convinced but a good player."