The woman told Mumsnet she bought surprise flights to Paris, as it was somewhere she’d always wanted to go. However, her boyfriend was furious with her. She said:“I surprised him this morning with a city break for Valentine’s Day in Paris. “I’ve always wanted to go and thought it would be a lovely weekend away. He’s angry at me for not discussing it and said it’s because I’m ‘selfish’ and have ‘only child syndrome’. “I honestly didn’t do it to be bossy or overbearing. I just wanted to do something nice. “I’ve paid for flights/transfers/hotel so it’s not like I’m asking for anything from him.” READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade The woman then asked forum users if she was in the wrong and whether she should have consulted her boyfriend before booking. Some readers said they agreed with her boyfriend and would have reacted in the same way to the surprise trip. One said: “A fairly new boyfriend did this to me once, although the destination wasn’t Paris, it was somewhere else I had no interest in going.” They said although they knew it was meant to be a “nice surprise” they didn’t like being told when and where they were going. They added that it was irritating to have to book time off work and then act happy about their surprise. Another person said it sounded like the trip to Paris was more of a treat for her than for her boyfriend. However, other people were shocked by the boyfriend’s reaction and thought he was acting like a “misery”. One person said: “He sounds a bloody misery. I’d be thrilled if someone did this for me.” READ MORE: The most beautiful staycation destination in Britain is ‘amazing’ Another added: “Dump him. He’s not a good fit for you. Move on to someone who appreciates spontaneity and joie de vivre. “He sounds dreadfully dull.” One person suggested the woman take a friend to Paris instead and leave her boyfriend at home. According to a poll by sunshine.co.uk 22 percent of men would book a surprise trip away for their partner.  Surprise trips might not be everyone’s first choice for a holiday but there are plenty of people who think they’re the perfect gift. There has even been a surge of booking platforms offering holidaymakers the chance to enjoy a mystery holiday. Srprs.me asks holidaymakers to select a theme and a price range before booking a mystery break. Wowcher’s £99 mystery holidays offer intrepid tourists the chance for a cheap holiday as long as they don’t mind where they’re going.