Tuesday night was one to forget for Chelsea. While the Blues suffered back-to-back away defeats at Southampton, Anthony Gordon scored his second goal in as many games against Leeds United. And after the 1-1 draw at Elland Road, where Thomas Tuchel's side succumbed to a 3-0 thrashing earlier in August, Everton manager Frank Lampard spelt the end of their hopes of signing the prospering winger. Everton had rejected a £45million offer from Chelsea for Gordon. On Friday, Lampard claimed his former club had to submit their improved bid before a deadline, with the clock ticking towards the end of the summer transfer window. And with around 48 hours of the window remaining, he confirmed that deadline had passed in West Yorkshire. When asked whether Chelsea had missed the deadline to sign Gordon, Lampard's response was short but firm: "Yes." He added: "Anthony is too important a player. He has shown his worth in the last two games. It is too late. He is going to be special. In the bigger picture, he has an affiliation with the fans. It is a process. Can we build around that? JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel  "The interest in him is because he is a top player and why we are so keen to keep him. You saw the reasons why [we think so highly of him] in the last two games. He is our player. He has come through. He is a very good player and will get better and better. Adding goals is the next step and the hardest step. He is a special player for me. I am delighted." Chelsea have been touted to be weighing up a jaw-dropping £60m approach for the 21-year-old forward before the clock strikes 11pm on Thursday. However, Lampard has remained adamant that no improved offer has arrived and now seems confident Everton's most prized asset will remain on Merseyside. READ MORE: Chelsea target Wilfried Zaha coy when asked about Palace future  Tuchel will be forced to divert his late search for attacking reinforcements elsewhere, and talks over Barcelona's Pierre-Emerick continue. Chelsea are yet to reach an agreement over the 33-year-old's transfer fee, but he is understood to be ready to return to the Premier League just seven months after leaving Arsenal. The Blues have been active in other departments simultaneously with their Aubameyang discussions. Wesley Fofana is expected to complete his £75m move from Leicester City on Wednesday, while they are in advanced talks with RB Leipzig over a £77m deal for Josko Gvardiol, which would see him join in 2023. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here