He claimed that "Brexit voters" needed to "fess up" that domestic issues were caused by Brexit. However, people were quick to mock the tweet, pointing out that Britain also had full shelves. Simon Manning said on Twitter: "Fresh fruit and veg galore. No shortages of staff. Fuel at €1.68 (£1.42). All is good in the EU, affected by the same Covid pandemic and same Ukraine invasion. "UK politicians and Brexit voters need to fess up that domestic issues are Brexit related and deliver their solution." However, others were quick to point out that food was readily available in Brexit Britain Haighy replied in a tweet: "Yes same here in Wakefield. Payed £1.69 for petrol, no empty shelves at supermarket. What's your point?" Another user, Robbie, taking a dig at the EU's energy crisis added: "Wow, I love Europe. Will the lights still work in the winter though?"   However, the irony that the Government in the UK may plan blackouts in Britain over the winter months wasn't lost on some. Jasper, in the EU, said: "No blackouts in the cards here!" Europe does have serious energy concerns, however, as economies - particularly Germany's - reliant on Russian gas could suffer harshly during the winter. In fact, it has been reported that due to the heatwave affecting Europe, the dried-out river Rhine is becoming nearly impassable for barges carrying coal and natural gas - starving factories upstream of their much-needed fuel. Others on Twitter pointed to the lower petrol price mentioned in the original tweet, claiming it likely had knock-on effects. READ MORE: Russia suffers biggest aircraft loss 'since Second World War'  Twitter user Starbord said: "Fuel in Germany [is] £1.43 making haulage cheaper keeping inflation down. Why? "The government cut 35& off a litre of fuel for at least 3 months. [The] UK [has] some of the highest fuel taxes (where you even pay VAT on the fuel tax) cut 5p." However, Europe is still suffering from high inflation rates - the annual EU inflation rate for 2022 is expected to be around 8.6%. In some countries, it is even higher. Ethan Chandler said: "Spain is also suffering from some of the highest inflation rates in Europe (over 10 percent). DON'T MISS:Putin’s days in office numbered after Kremlin insider warning [INSIGHT]Americans support signing new trade deal with the UK, new poll reveals [ANALYSIS]E.coli bacteria leaves dozens of homes without water [REPORT]  "There are many things done better in Spain than the UK, but let's not over-simplify complicated issues to suit particular political agendas. It does nobody any favours." Isia added: "Depends on the EU country, in The Netherlands we have an 18 pecent inflation on groceries alone. Fuel is €2.20 (£1.86). Shortage of staff everywhere. Energy prices all-time high and no end in sight." Although Britain, at least in most areas, is not being affected by supermarket shortages, much of the Western world is suffering from crippling inflation and an ongoing energy crisis. Things continue to look bleak for consumers, who will likely see a substantial fall in real wages over the coming months. 