Princess Beatrice could put herself at risk by accepting Meghan Markle’s invitation to feature on her long-awaited Spotify podcast, royal commentator Neil Sean has warned. The Duchess and Duke of Sussex are reportedly trying to reconcile with Princess Beatrice amid tensions with the Royal Family since the Jubilee celebrations when the Sussexes were reportedly unwelcomed. But Mr Sean warns the princess could get exposed on the podcast. Speaking on his YouTube channel Neil Sean’s Daily News Headlines, Neil Sean said: "One person that has been asked and is yet to say yes and one has to wonder why is, of course, Prince Beatrice – a good friend of Harry and Meghan – but a very risky venture for her to do. "Because of course, everything will be dissected and more importantly what could she talk about?" Princess Beatrice alongside Princess Eugenie could play a major role in the reconciliation of the Sussexes with the Royal Family, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk. The York sisters played an "invaluable" in keeping the "link" between the Sussexes and the Royal Family since the couple left the UK after the Jubilee celebrations back in June. And the sisters could cushion the blow of the release of Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir, which is expected to lift the lid on the inner workings of the Royal Family. "Obviously a great deal happens behind the scenes which we are unaware of," Mr Fitzwilliams said. "It has been recently reported that Harry’s memoir has been postponed, which makes sense if there is to be any reconciliation between the royal family and the Sussexes. "However, we will have to await events and Beatrice and Eugenie may, behind the scenes, be pivotal in how things play out." READ MORE: Femi hits out at criticism of Harry and Meghan over private jet use Whether Princess Beatrice will appear on Meghan Markle’s Spotify remains unclear. The freelance writer and fan of the Duchess R.S. Locke tweeted the Duchess of Sussex has already secured nine of the 12 guests. The Twitter user cited the names of the people believed to be featured in the upcoming episodes: "Serena Williams, Mariah Carey, Mindy Kaling, Ziwe, Margaret Cho, Amanda Seales, Robin Thede, Allison Yarrow, Issa Rae." However, Neil Sean said the guest all of Meghan’s fans want to hear from is her father. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Ignore preaching! Harry backlash over £7m gaffe [LIVE] Prince Harry looking to be 'rebel royal’ as strategy exposed [REVEAL] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [REPORT] "Now, the story that everybody would have wanted to talk about would be what’s happening with her father and how are the family coping with that," Mr Sean said. "She won’t be allowed to talk about that so perhaps she could just talk about being herself, what she gets up to, her jobs and her holidays – stuff like that. "Right now, Meghan truly is scouting around and as ever, looking for the extra sprinkle of royal stardust to make sure that people carry on tuning in for this 18-million-dollar deal with Spotify." READ NEXT:Prince Harry issued stark warning ahead of bombshell UK returnMeghan Markle's White House dream brutally mocked - 'Joke candidate'Prince Harry takes part in moving minute of silenceMeghan and Harry 'free to show battle scars'Meghan Markle casually reveals nickname for Prince Harry in podcast