 Last year, the Bank of England embarrassed itself last year by claiming today's resurgent inflation will prove transitory, despite growing evidence to the contrary. This has plunged the nation into its worst crisis in decades, so how does it respond? By lavishing staff with millions of pounds in bonuses.  The Bank of England has one main task, to keep inflation low and stable at around two percent year. You won't need me to remind you that it has completely fallen down on the job, with consumer price growth hitting 9.4 percent in June. The BoE itself admits inflation is now on course to hit a mind-boggling 13 percent this year. That is more than six times its official target. While the Bank cannot be blamed for inflationary drivers such as war in Ukraine, surging energy prices and post-Covid supply shortages, it should be damned for its response. It kept monetary policy too loose for too long, holding interest rates at 0.1 percent even though a host of experts were warning that cheap money was fuelling inflation. Now we are all paying the price, as the cost of living crisis intensifies.  That's why it is so shocking to discover that the BoE paid bonuses to its staff totalling more than £23million in 2021, according to report in The Observer newspaper. Imagine you were given one job to do, and totally fluffed it. Say you're a bus driver and were given explicit instructions not to drive under a nearby low bridge, but you did it anyway and got stuck. Would you expect to be given a lovely bonus as a result? No you wouldn't. Even if you hadn't driven into a low bridge you probably wouldn't get a bonus, because ordinary workers typically don't. READ MORE: Get inflation-busting income of 13% a year – UK’s two best yields  What makes this even harder to swallow is that in February, Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey called on banks to use restraint when paying bonuses, to help keep inflation down. It seems that piece of advice doesn't apply to his own organisation. To be fair, Bailey does not share in the bonus pot. Don't feel too sorry for him, though. As The Observer reports, Bailey earned a package totalling £597,592 in the year to the end of February. This included his base salary of £495,000 and a payment in lieu of pension of £99,000. Today's rocketing energy bills will only make a small dent in his salary, while knocking a huge hole in ours. DON'T MISS:Nick Ferrari erupts at 'failing' BoE chief 'Brits will feel pain!' [INSIGHT]Calls for ‘refugee scheme’ to help OAPs through fuel crisis [LATEST]Energy bills and interest rate hikes to destroy housing market [ANALYSIS]  Bailey is on the verge of presiding over another mistake. Having done too little too late to stop inflation, the BoE now looks like overreacting. Its prediction that the UK economy will shrink for five successive quarters and inflation hit 13 percent is now the gloomiest of all. If the Bank responds by hiking interest rates too quickly, it will only add to the financial burden as people struggle to service their debts. The BoE wildly underestimated this year's inflationary shock, claiming it would peak out at 5%. Its notoriously unsuccessful forecasters may now be over-compensating for their bungling, amid signs that inflation is easing in the US. This is a sticky time for the Bank, with Conservative Party leadership contender Liz Truss threatening to review its mandate, including its freedom to set interest rates. Personally, I don't want politicians interfering in interest rate setting policy again. But unless the Bank of England bucks up, pressure will grow. A policy of rewarding yourself for failure won't win any sympathy if Truss does take back control. 