Barcelona have agreed to terminate the contract of forward Memphis Depay as long as the Dutchman can find a new club, according to reports. Depay only joined the Spanish giants last summer but will likely depart in the coming weeks following the arrivals of several forwards at the Nou Camp. Depay is not likely to be short of options. The 28-year-old has come a long way since his failed spell at Manchester United. Express Sport looks at who might take a chance on a player who scored 13 goals across all competitions last season. Depay could return to Old Trafford a more mature player than the fresh-faced youngster who first turned up in 2014. One of Louis van Gaal’s first signings, it would be apt for Depay to be signed under United’s next Dutch head coach, Erik ten Hag. Jose Mourinho was not sold on the ability of the Netherlands international, with Depay joining Lyon in January 2017. Now a more experienced forward, Depay would actually add some quality to the United attack. JUST IN: Casemiro in tears at Real Madrid exit as Man Utd plan unveiling Chelsea are prioritising other forwards in the final two weeks of the transfer window, but could be tempted by a move for Depay if those fail to materialise. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang appears to be the Blues’ chief transfer target, but the former Arsenal man’s Barca team-mate could instead join. The only difficulty is where Depay would fit in at Chelsea. Raheem Sterling has taken up the left-sided position in the front three, or has played up front alongside Kai Havertz of Thomas Tuchel has opted for a 3-5-2 formation. Depay and Sterling are relatively similar players. Aubameyang better fits the No 9 profile that Tuchel wants to sign. A disappointing start to the Premier League season could see West Ham dip into the transfer market for a marquee arrival in the next two weeks. Depay would be an excellent addition at the London Stadium. The Hammers have struggled for goals in their opening few games, failing to find the net in their three Premier League outings. Gianluca Scamacca is being eased into David Moyes’ side, and Depay could be used to supply the Italian. DON'T MISS...Man Utd still have Frenkie de Jong hope as Barcelona set up meetingMourinho's Wijnaldum message after horror injury calling out 'scum'Chelsea learn new price for Fofana as Leicester 'ready to sell' Frank Lampard is desperate for some quality, with Everton looking slightly lacklustre in their three games so far. Demarai Gray rescued the Toffees’ first point of the season against Nottingham Forest on Saturday. It is unclear if Depay would fancy moving to Goodison Park. Everton do not seem likely to threaten the Premier League’s Big Six this season. Depay, who will rip up his contract according to Fabrizio Romano, will likely have interest from clubs playing in Europe. Eddie Howe has made it clear that he wants to strengthen his attack before the end of the transfer window. Newcastle have not spent the huge money that many expected ahead of the summer, with only Nick Pope, Sven Botman and Matt Targett arriving at St. James’ Park. Depay could be the big-name signing with whom Newcastle’s Saudi-backed owners kickstart their reign. The former PSV man would be exciting to watch alongside Allan Saint-Maximin.