Mould can be a common occurrence in bathrooms due to high levels of moisture and heat. Mould spores thrive in humid environments and the ideal habitat is created every time you shower. There are numerous chemical cleaners available in supermarkets which boast the ability to cut through stubborn mould and grime build-ups, however, many people are now moving away from the use of chemicals in their homes. Experts from charity Lung.org explained: "Many cleaning supplies or household products can irritate the eyes or throat, or cause headaches and other health problems, including cancer. "Some products release dangerous chemicals, including volatile organic compounds (VOCs). Other harmful ingredients include ammonia and bleach." Luckily, plenty of residents have already moved away from chemical cleaners and have begun to find new, innovative ways of cleaning without using harmful agents. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients In a Reddit forum, one user asked fellow cleaning fans for help tackling a shower which had been infested by mould. Posting under the username Duhhhst, the user said: "[I] need help getting rid of tough mould and grime in the shower." [SIC] Though several users recommended bleach and other chemical-based products, one came armed with a natural solution. The user named Minimao said: "Try making a paste out of baking soda, vinegar, and dish soap. "Smear it on, let it sit for a while, and scrub it off. Works like a charm." If you are particularly keen to avoid chemicals, make sure to opt for natural dish soap. White vinegar is often recommended for cleaning mould as it is mildly acidic and some studies have shown it is able to kill certain types of mould. Experts from Healthline explained: "Household white vinegar typically contains about five to eight percent acetic acid. "Acetic acid is a moderately strong acid with a pH of around 2.5 that can disrupt the growth of a wide range of fungi and other microorganisms." In a 2015 study, researchers found that vinegar of between four to 4.2 percent acetic acid was effective at treating Penicillium chrysogenum but not Aspergillus fumigatus. Both are common household moulds. DON'T MISSHouse prices drop for the first time in 2022 - cheapest regions mapped [MAP]Ex-MoD homes in village at heart of immigration row [INSIGHT]Homeowners can save £1,500 on energy bills with simple ‘upgrades’ [COMMENT] Baking soda, on the other hand, works well for numerous cleaning tasks around the home because of its alkaline properties. As a base, baking soda dissolves organic compounds like dirt and grease. The mineral structure of each baking soda particle provides a gentle abrasive to clean without leaving scratches behind. This makes it particularly good for combating build-ups of grime. When it comes to dish soap, in the same way the cleaning agent works on dishes, it can also work on other surfaces. Dish soap is made to cut through grease and grime, and can also tackle light mould spores on plates and cutlery. Experts from HomeGuideInfo.com explained: "[Dish] soap kills moulds by neutralising the collective mycelium known as the high hyphae. "When this happens, the mycelium’s growth is inhibited."