Recent reports suggest the Government is exploring a proposal which will see households get a discount on their energy bills. However to qualify for this concession, claimants will need a prescription from their General Practitioner (GP) or a doctor via the NHS. With the cost of living crisis continuing to impact the majority of households, campaigners have called on the Government and suppliers to do more to help those in need. This rumoured proposal of a prescription for energy bill discount would be the latest support package to do this. Speaking to The Sun, a Government source said: “There is no world in which the Government wants to let bad things happen to people. “They want to make sure people have got enough support to keep the lights and heating on.” However, one Tory source added: “This is an idea from another world. It won’t work. You can’t even get a GP appointment now. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out “Add that to their workload and the system would topple over. And should GPs be there to dole out money?” During the Conservative leadership election, both Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak have promised to address the rise in the cost of living, notably the impact of soaring energy bills. The prescription scheme would allegedly see patients assessed by a doctor to see if they qualify for the discount. This energy bill concession is rumoured to be for the benefit of Britons who are elderly or sick. Doctors would then write a letter confirming the person is eligible for the discount on their gas and electricity bill. Concessions may be awarded as cash through a local council or as a discount voucher. The country is being told to prepare for an extortionate hike in the energy price cap this October and throughout next year. Recently, the Government introduced a £400 energy bill grant for households and a £650 cost of living payment for those on means-tested benefits. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments Despite this, the energy price cap is expected to exceed £3,600 this October and reach £4,266 in January 2022. Furthermore, recent forecasts from Cornwall Insights suggest the average annual household energy bill could top £5,300 sometime next year. Currently, the frontrunner to be Prime Minister is Liz Truss who is rumoured to be considering Kwasi Kwarteng as her next Chancellor. Addressing the energy bill crisis earlier this weekend, Mr Kwarteng assured the British public that “help is coming”. Writing in the Mail on Sunday, he said: “As winter approaches, millions of families will be concerned about how they are going to make ends meet. “But I want to reassure the British people that help is coming.” A Government spokesperson said: “We know that rising prices are causing significant challenges for families, which is why we have continually taken action to help households by phasing in £37billion worth of support throughout the year, which includes specific support to help people through the difficult winter ahead… “We are making necessary preparations to ensure a new Government will have options to deliver additional support as quickly as possible.”