Thomas Tuchel has launched a scathing attack on Antonio Conte over his antics after the pair were embroiled in a heated feud in Chelsea's dramatic 2-2 draw with Tottenham. The Blues boss insisted Conte "had a different opinion" as the pair clashed for a second time following a fractious full-time handshake. The two managers initially came together following Tottenham's first equaliser when they squared up in an angry touchline bust-up. Tuchel was evidently aggrieved that Spurs midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur went unpunished for a perceived foul on Kai Havertz in the build-up to Pierre-Emile Hojberg's leveller. Tuchel and Conte then reignited their feud at full-time following a fractious handshake. Both were subsequently sent off for their inflammatory behaviour towards one another. Speaking after the match, Tuchel blasted Conte over his behaviour, condeming his antics while inisting red cards for the pair were "not necessary". He declared: "I thought when we shake hands you looked in each other eyes, but Antonio had a different opinion. After being further probed by Sky Sports' Geoff Shreeves over the initial coming together, Tuchel repeated that there was "no problem". He added: "It's emotional, it's football. You like it. We don't need comments now. "It's the game. It's the Premier League. You love it, no? And we love it. We are emotional coaches and that's it. It's between a football match. It's between men, it's between two competitors and nothing and happened."  After Hojberg's drilled second-half effort cancelled out Kalidou Koulibaly's volleyed opener with just 18 minutes on the clock, Reece James looked to have clinched all three points for the hosts, firing home form close range with under 15 minutes remaining. However, the enthralling contest would contain yet another twist as Harry Kane glanced in a header equaliser deep into stoppage time to ensure the spoils were shared. Though the Premier League pair were left to settle with a point apiece, Tuchel made clear his view that Chelsea were much the better team. He said: "We were brilliant. We were absolutely brilliant. Sorry, I have to say, but both [Tottenham] goals cannot stand. Absolutely cannot stand. And there was only one team who deserved to win and it was us."