Inheritance tax is often referred to as one of the most hated taxes but there are ways people can ensure their loved ones pay less to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) - or avoid it altogether. Brushing up on the rules could save Britons a fortune according to will writer Graham Southorn. While inheritance tax can seem like a confusing topic, it pays to brush up on the rules and make use of all tax breaks available. The threshold at which people have to pay has remained at £325,000 for years, meaning more people have to pay it every year because of soaring property prices. However, not everyone has to pay inheritance tax on assets above £325,000 as there are some exceptions. Graham Southorn from Maplebrook Will Writing Bristol told Express.co.uk it certainly pays to plan ahead and seek advice from a professional. READ MORE: Universal Credit: When you can expect second cost of living payment Mr Southorn said: “Not everybody has to pay inheritance tax - it depends on the value of your estate when you die. “It’s quite hard to predict how much you’ll have in your estate when you die because none of us know when we’re going to die and moreover the tax laws might change at the time. “Plus you could come into money - you might even win the lottery if you’re lucky or you might be unlucky and have to pay care fees and things like that. “The current tax rules say that if you’re passing on more than £325,000 in your estate you may have to pay inheritance tax.” DON'T MISSFury as most pensioners will not get next year's £1,000 state pension [WARNING]Man shares 'amazing way' he makes up to £4,000 extra each month [INSIGHT]Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000 [ALERT]Three ways people can ensure their children pay less inheritance tax [INSIGHT] However he went on to explain that a couple could pass on up to £1million without leaving loved ones with a hefty tax bill. He explained: “If you have a house and you’re passing it onto children or other lineal family members you can claim an extra £175,000. “If you’re married or in a civil partnership there’s no inheritance tax to pay when the first partner passes away - it’s all on the second partner. “The good news is that the second partner can use any unused allowances so remember it’s the £325 and £175 so that means a couple can pass on up to £1million tax-free - anything above that - the excess amount - is taxed at 40 percent.” READ MORE: Three ways people can ensure their children pay less inheritance tax The will writer recently spoke to Express.co.uk about three ways to avoid landing children and grandchildren with a hefty inheritance tax bill. The first thing he suggests people do is arrange a well written will to make use of all legal loopholes. The second thing Britons can do is to make use of all gift allowances available to them. Finally, he also discussed taking out a life insurance policy to cover any inheritance tax that might be owed by loved ones.  Mr Southorn spoke to Express.co.uk in March about why he believes Britons should not give their house to children before they die - as it could really complicate matters and not save any money. He said: “People think, 'I’ll give my house to my children' but unless you pay market rent then you can’t. “You might be able to give a portion of it away but that only works for high value houses. “It can be really complicated - in many cases it’s best to speak to a professional.”