Manchester United have been handed a blow in their pursuit of Red Bull Salzburg striker Benjamin Sesko as six other top European sides have also reportedly registered their interest. The Red Devils are keen to sign a forward before the window closes, and the uncertainty surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo has made it somewhat of a priority. Anthony Martial has found his form in pre-season since returning to Old Trafford from his unsuccessful loan spell at Sevilla. The Frenchman scored once in 12 appearances for the La Liga outfit, and it seemed a formality that he would be sold – but his electric return has halted those plans. Ronaldo also remains keen to leave United this summer in favour of a move to a club playing Champions League football, though Erik ten Hag wants to work with the five-time Ballon d’Or winner. But the aforementioned duo do not provide enough depth in the final third, and United are eying up a move for Sesko. However, Mundo Deportivo reports that United aren’t the only side admiring the 19-year-old. Fellow Premier League sides Chelsea and Liverpool are also eying up Sesko, meanwhile, Barcelona, Atletico Madrid, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain are also thought to be interested. READ MORE: Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer Salzburg are in no rush to offload their Slovenia international though, given that his contract runs until 2026 and another strong campaign in Austria will see his price rise even further. Matthias Jaissle’s side could demand a fee in the region of £54million (€65m) this summer, which would be a major sign of intent from United if they matched that asking price for the talented prospect. Ten Hag had initially proposed a move for Ajax forward Antony this summer, with the Dutchman keen to reunite with the versatile attacker. However, the Eredivisie side slapped an £83m (€100m) price tag on the Brazilian having already sold several key players already this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer  One player who has already made the move from Ajax to United this summer is Lisandro Martinez, who was brought in by Ten Hag to strengthen his backline. Discussing the move, Martinez said: “Manchester United I think is one of the best clubs in the world. Every player wants to play here. The opportunity was there, so I took it and now I’m really happy to be here. “I think the Premier League is the best league in the world. It’s really intensive, it’s very difficult, very physical also. Every game, I really want to watch.”