West Mercia Police remain on the scene, with the airfield, located near the town of Leominster, currently closed. Firefighters and paramedics also attended, as did the Midlands air ambulance. An intial call was received by West Midlands Ambulance Service at 10.07am. A spokesman said: “On arrival we discovered a fixed wing light aircraft that had come down at the airfield. “There was one male patient still within the aircraft. READ MORE: Cornwall holiday tragedy - Teenage girl dies after jumping off rocks "Sadly, it quickly became apparent nothing could be done to save him and he was confirmed dead at the scene.” West Mercia Police said: "A man in his 50s has been confirmed dead following the light aircraft crash at Shobdon Airfield, Leominster, Herefordshire today. "No one else was on board, there were no other injuries and no other aircraft was involved. DON'T MISS‘Stop peddling falsehoods’ Sturgeon ally triggers backlash [WATCH]'Unacceptable' Eurostar fury over £100m French stitch-up [LISTEN]Brexit: Truss handed blueprint to solve illegal migration [INSIGHT] "The AAIB will investigate the causes of the crash." A spokeswoman for the Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) said: “An accident involving a light aircraft which occurred this morning at Shobdon Airfield, Herefordshire has been notified to the AAIB. "An investigation has begun and a team of inspectors are on their way to the accident site to begin gathering evidence.” The AAIB is responsible for investigating civil aircraft accidents and serious incidents which occur within the United Kingdom. It conducts investigations based on two seprate categories, "Accident" and "Serious Incident". An "Accident" is defined as an incider during somebody has suffered a fatal or serious injury, where the aircraft sustains damage or structural failure which adversely affects its performance, or where the aircraft is missing or inaccessible. Alternatively, a "Serious Incident" is an incident during an accident almost occurred. A sign on the entrance to the airfield site said: "Due to unforeseen circumstances, the airfield is temporarily closed. "Please keep gate closed. "We apologised for any inconvenience." Meg's at the Hotspur Cafe, located next to the airfield, is also reportedly closed. (More to follow)