It emerged the “perfect” temperature on a British summer’s day is 22 degrees – while anything below 15 degrees is considered too cold. But a quarter admitted that while they long for tropical temperatures, they usually moan when these come around. However, when they are abroad, 30 percent want it to be at least 26 degrees – with 38 percent going on holiday to another country purely for the heat. The study comes as the Met Office has warned of another heatwave this week, with temperatures of 35 degrees expected into the weekend. Gemma Morgan, from Volvic Touch of Fruit, which commissioned the research and is offering free Tuk-tuk rides around London, said: “Brits have a love-hate relationship with the weather – and summer is no exception. “With warm sunny weather continuing, we’re bringing Tuk-tuk rides to London this weekend, to help keep Brits cool and take an average summer day beyond your expectations.” It also emerged men are slightly happier with the heat (55 percent) than women (47 percent). But while nearly half (48 percent) think it’s typically British to moan about the temperature – whether hot or cold – one in four (24 percent) argue we should cherish the rare spells of heat. And 45 percent make the most of warm temperatures by spending time in green spaces, with nearly a third (31 percent) saying they dislike being stuck inside. More than half (55 percent) have even turned down or cancelled social plans because it was sweltering. But on the flip side, 39 percent typically stay indoors out of choice when it’s hot in the UK. Nearly one in five (19 percent) think hot weather in this country isn’t enjoyable because their routine doesn’t change – meaning they still have to work, and aren’t able to sunbathe. The study also found that when they feel too hot, those polled, via OnePoll, typically drink more (35 percent), wear loose clothing (32 percent), and put a fan on (30 percent). And the go-to food and drinks to tuck into to cool down are water (53 percent), ice cream (38 percent), and beer (23 percent). Volvic’s Tuk-tuk rides are taking place on the 13th and 14th of August – simply head down to Observation Point in London. TOP 20 ACTIVITIES IT’S “TOO HOT” FOR: