The Chase aired another new episode on ITV where contestants Daniel, Nicola, Bobby and Adam faced Paul Sinha for a chance to win a life-changing sum of money. However, within minutes of the episode airing, fans were outraged that the first contestant Daniel accepted the low offer. Stepping up to face Bradley opposite the podium, Daniel managed to build an impressive £6,000 in the cash-builder. When at the table with Paul, Daniel was offered £1,000 for the low amount and £30,000 for the high amount. Turning to face his team and ask for their advice, Adam said: "I think £6,000 is a great cash-builder, so just get back on the team." Bobby added: "It was a great start, you were very good but we need bums on seats so get back with the £6,000." READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry Nicola advised: "That first round was amazing, but we do need you back here." Turning back to the table, Daniel revealed: "Urgh! The 39 is good, but even £1,000 is a lot of money. "I think I will take the £1,000," he told Bradley, dismissing the chance to go for a five-figure sum or the money he'd racked up. Viewers of the show were shocked when Daniel went against the advice of his team members and took to their social media to share their outrage. @stephnkaiser fumed: "Honestly, what is the point of going on #thechase being 1st up getting a quite respectable 6K in you're cash builder and then taking the LOW offer of a grand???" @thenozo commented: "Hope they all go low now so Daniel doesn't steal anything... #TheChase." Steve Lowe added: "What? You expect me to congratulate Daniel for making it through? He took the low offer. And he’s only the FIRST PLAYER in the team." @00iscool said: "If you take the low offer you deserve to be kicked out. Sabotage #thechase." DON'T MISS...Martin Clunes admits ITV wanted to keep Doc Martin  [WATCH]Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think  [LATEST]Meghan Markle's podcast savaged as expert claims popularity won't last [INSIGHT] Anthony James quipped: "1K. Why bother your arse going on the show #TheChase." However, not all viewers were unhappy with his decision, with David Hendry praising: "I hope they all get knocked out now and he wins his £1,000 and gets to go home to his wife with his 1k #thechase." (sic) The second player to take on the Chaser was Nicola, who built a respectable £8,000 in her cash-builder. Despite being offered £2,000 and £42,000 as her high and low offers, she decided to stick but unfortunately was knocked out one question away from being safe. Bobby was third to take on Paul and built £6,000 in the cash-builder round, also deciding to play for what she earnt. However, was knocked out by Paul. Adam was last to face the Chaser and made a risky decision to go for the £59,000 that Paul had offered him, but was knocked out immediately after getting both questions wrong. Daniel was the only player to make it to the Final Chase and managed to get 13 steps ahead of the Chaser. However, after one failed pushback, Paul caught Daniel with 46 seconds to spare, leaving Daniel to leave with nothing. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.