British number one Cameron Norrie crashed out of Cincinnati Open after suffering a straight sets defeat to Borna Coric in the semi-finals. The Brit was hoping to continue his good form and book a place in the final after beating world number four Carlos Alcaraz 7-6(4) 6-7(4) 6-4 in the quarter-finals in what he called one of his "best wins". However, Coric outplayed Norrie to win their semi-final clash 6-3 6-4 to reach just his second ATP Masters 1000 final and his first since recovering from shoulder surgery. "It was a very tough day, a very long day as well," Coric reflected after the win. "I didn't expect to play at 7:30. I came here at 3 o'clock and I thought I was going to play a little bit earlier. "Then I thought I was going to play later because of the delay. It was a crazy day but in the end it did finish very good. I was obviously very happy with my tennis today, I was playing extremely well. JUST IN: Tsitsipas claims Medvedev 'tried too hard' after winning in Cincinnati "At the beginning I was not there, I was not feeling the ball very well. Then I did find my rhythm. I started to serve better, I started to play much better and I think that was the key to the match." Coric will now face Stefanos Tsistsipas in the final after he beat world number one Daniil Medvedev 7-6 (8-6) 3-6 6-3 in a hard-fought semi-final clash. "There were some difficult shots I had to play a bit more," Tsitsipas said. "A few short balls I really took advantage of and came in. A lot of courageous serve and volleys, approaches to the net that definitely gave me that great win today. I knew I had to sign up for a difficult task, third set, it wasn't going to be easy. DON'T MISSRybakina's dad responds to claim Wimbledon champ is 'Russian product'Andy Murray spotted coaching Kyrgios' doubles partner ahead of US OpenDjokovic makes heartbreaking admission about conversation with his dad "He made it very physical and really demanding for me. I just took advantage of some of his missed first serves. I think I had a couple opportunities where it seemed to be going towards to my side. "He kept missing a lot of first serves consecutively and that gave me some time to think of my next move a little bit clearer. He gave me a double fault on break point, which I think was very important moment for me psychologically to give my best shot. I was a few games away and I was very calm and concentrated in every single task that was given to me."