Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex have been tipped to be the Queen's favourites to step in and plug gaps in the royal calendar, after the departure of Prince Andrew, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from royal duties. The pair are well-known confidantes of Her Majesty - but it hasn't always been smooth sailing for Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Both Sophie and Edward have proved themselves to be hard-working, dignified royals, as well as being remarkably approachable too. They carried out just under 400 engagements between them last year — the fourth and fifth most engagements in the Firm. While Sophie is undoubtedly the pride and joy of the Firm now, she enjoyed a particularly difficult start to royal life, as explored by Channel 5’s 2020 documentary ‘Edward and Sophie: The Reluctant Royals’. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'blazing temper' exposed: 'Just like Diana!' Long before she began dating Edward, Sophie had been working for Capital Radio. She went on a 1988 business trip to Spain with Capital colleague Chris Tarrant and his co-presenter Kara Noble. However, Ms Noble sold topless photographs of Sophie to The Sun for a reported £40,000, alongside a series of other photos from the trip. Just weeks before her 1999 wedding, the newspaper published the photos. Sophie’s close friend and former employer, Brian MacLaurin, told the documentary that her reaction was one of “distress, extreme distress” and that she felt “betrayed”. This was echoed by Murray Harkin, who ran a PR firm with Sophie at the time: “I remember Sophie ringing me in the early hours of the morning, in floods of tears, when she discovered that The Sun had bought the picture and was planning to publish it. “She was so upset because she felt that she was ‘letting the side down’ before her wedding.” Julie Montagu, Viscountess Hinchingbrooke added: “Can you even imagine? DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton prepares for ‘most important’ rare solo Royal visit [NEW]William leaves fans in tears as he keeps promise to grieving boy [LATEST]‘Harry wants to come back!’ Prince lashes out as court battle begins [UPDATE] “You’re excited, you’re engaged, the press has been waiting for you to get engaged, and boom — somebody sells a photo of you topless. Devastating.” Buckingham Palace condemned the publication of the picture, labelling it “premeditated cruelty” and complained to the Press Complaints Commission over an invasion of Sophie’s privacy. Rebecca English, royal editor at the Daily Mail, told Channel 5: “This was an incredibly thoughtless thing to do and I think the reaction of the Royal Family was very clear. There was very immediate condemnation, not of Sophie, but of the woman that had done this.” Ms Noble was sacked after the photo was published, and apologised months later. Mr Tarrant also blasted the publication of the picture, saying he was “totally sickened” and it had left a “taste of dirt” in his mouth. He called for Sophie and Edward to be left alone as they had not “done any harm to anybody and there are no skeletons in the cupboard”. The Sun acknowledged their own wrongdoing, and issued an apology the following day with the headline ‘Sorry, Sophie’ and donated all sale proceeds to her charities. Ms English said that, in true Sophie style, she was determined to not let it affect her too much. She said: “I’ve spoken to a friend of hers who was with her when the story broke. They saw her heart break. “But equally, and I think is a very interesting aspect of Sophie’s character, she very much thought ‘the show must go on’. She held her head up high. She knew she had done nothing wrong.” Kate, Duchess of Cambridge suffered similarly in 2012 when French magazine Closer and Italian gossip magazine Chi published photos of her sunbathing topless while holidaying at a private chateau. Courts granted an injunction prohibiting further publication of the photographs, and the Closer was fined €100,000 in 2017 Days after the publication of the photos, Mr Harkin said Sophie would have undoubtedly been there for Kate. He said: “Sophie will be a shoulder for Kate to lean on. I expect that she will have been in touch with Kate already.”