In the midst of another summer heatwave, most Britons won't be thinking about switching on their heating for another few months. However, according to experts at Boiler Central, this could run the risk of major problems once winter arrives. The boiler experts are "urging Britons to turn their boilers on this summer, in a bid to help them save thousands of pounds in the winter months". While it may seem strange to switch the heating on during summer, experts at Boiler Central say it’s the only way to know if there’s a problem that needs to be dealt with. A spokesperson from Boiler Central said: “Most homeowners believe turning their boiler off as soon as summertime hits should be a given, but this is far from the case. “Turning your boiler off for long periods can cause more harm than good, which is why it is important to turn your heating on now and again. READ MORE: ‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step "This will protect the internal workings of older and modern boiler and prevent them from seizing up. “If you turn your boiler off at the beginning of May and don’t turn the central heating on again until the months of autumn, you may have trouble bringing your boiler completely back to life." If you leave your boiler off for an extended period throughout the hotter months, the experts suggest residents could run the risk of damaged pipes through corrosion and lack of use. Not only can a broken boiler disrupt central heating, it will also have an impact on hot water for your mains shower and some washing machines. The expert added: "In the worst-case scenario, parts may need to be replaced, which will cost both time and money, especially if you need to hire a central heating specialist for the job." According to the experts, while there’s nothing wrong with switching your boiler off to save energy and money, you should avoid leaving it off for long periods of time. Boiler Central's spokesperson said: "For best results, turn it on once every few weeks for an hour or so. "Although this requires a little effort, it will prevent you from having to get a repairman out when autumn arrives, due to parts seizing up, radiators no longer working, and thus being left with cold water in the winter. " If you rely on your boiler for water usage, combi boilers can be left on during the summer and will not use any gas unless you need some hot water. Boiler Central explained: "To ensure you’re saving money and energy, set it to provide hot water when your household is most likely to need it, or you can even turn it on an hour just before intended use. DON'T MISS How to 'reduce your electricity bill' with solar panels [INSIGHT]Dame Julie Walters’ quiet life in picturesque West Sussex village [REVEALED]Pensioners asked to leave London homes to make way for young families [REPORT] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "This is particularly the case for those who have washing machines or a power shower that relies on a boiler to provide hot water." Some boilers may also have a "summer mode" and a "winter mode". This is particularly the case with combi boilers. The "summer mode" can lower fuel wastage by heating your water only a handful of times throughout the day, as opposed to having to turn the boiler completely off. Boiler Central explained: "This can help to keep the cost of your energy bills down and help to reduce your carbon footprint."