Carer's Allowance Supplement is an extra payment for people in Scotland who get Carer's Allowance on a particular date. The supplement is paid twice a year to people in Scotland who claim Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This extra payment is paid automatically and those who are eligible should receive a letter telling them that they are due the boost. Those eligible for the benefit payment will get two payments of £245.70 in different parts of the year. Overall, the two payments of Carer’s Allowance Supplement combined add up to £491.40. People who were getting Carer’s Allowance on the qualifying date - October 10, 2022 - will receive the next Carer’s Allowance Supplement. READ MORE: 'Unbelievable!' Man in tears as boss pays his £122k mortgage after retirement plan ruined Those eligible will get an extra £245.70 from December 2022 on top of their usual Carer’s Allowance payment. Carer’s Allowance claimants could get £69.70 a week. This could mean £278.80 every four weeks which could be a lifeline. READ MORE: Dragons' Den: Show's 'most successful' business selling worldwide with £2.2m turnover Carers are some of the worst hit by the ongoing cost of living crisis because they are often unable to work full time. Britons may be eligible for Carer’s Allowance if they, the person they care for and the type of care they provide meets a certain criteria. The person someone cares for must already get one of these benefits: If someone else also cares for the same person as someone, only one of them can claim Carer’s Allowance. People also need to spend at least 35 hours a week caring for someone. Qualifying care includes tasks such as helping with washing and cooking, taking the person they care for to a doctor’s appointment and helping with household tasks, like managing bills and shopping. A claimant's earnings must be £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance and expenses. People can claim online on the Government website or they can phone the Carer’s Allowance Unit for a claim form on 0800 731 0297.