Fans of the Starz drama see Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) travel back in time in the first ever episode to the 18th Century where she meets highlander Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan). When Outlander fans set eyes on Jamie, they immediately recognise him as the highlander who was watching Claire at her hotel window when she was on honeymoon in Inverness with Frank Randall (Tobias Menzies). Frank went on to search for his wife after she travelled through the stones but fans have taken issue with one element of this storyline. Later on in season one, after declaring his new wife as missing, Frank is seen walking into the police station with a wanted poster. He is intent on finding Claire and believes the highlander he saw watching his wife the night before she went missing is to blame. In the wanted poster, there is a drawning of Jamie, who would be easily identified by anyone who knew him. However, after that scene, the wanted poster and sketch of Jamie are never seen again. READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview Fans think it's odd Claire wasn't shown the poster when she returned to the future and was questioned about her disappearance. Claire would have instantly recognised her highlander husband and realised Frank had seen him before. It could have also prompted Claire to question if Jamie could time travel or if it was his ghost watching over her. Taking to Reddit, fans have debated the plot hole, with some even noting it was strange Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) found missing posters for her mother but no wanted poster for Jamie. Chemical_peach6904 posted: "I'm not far into S4 and when Brianna and Roger are at the US festival and have their portraits sketched it reminded me of S1 when Frank is at the police station and there's a sketch of Jamie on the wall, when they're saying a man in Highlander clothing was seen outside of the B and B the night Claire disappeared. "I hadn't thought about that for months and now I'm wondering...does that go anywhere, or was it just a teaser to make us go "Oooh" as I did when I first saw it. "I know this show isn't known for baiting us like that, though, so I can't help but wonder if this sketch is going to be relevant in future seasons." Fans were quick to respond with annoyed user BSONBON123 replying: "That really bothered me because When Claire returns she could have seen the drawing and recognized Jamie. DON'T MISS...Outlander boss dodges probe of future of Starz series [LATEST] Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe pens tribute to father after sudden death [TRIBUTE]Outlander prequel: Star weighs in on Bonnie Prince Charlie series [EXCLUSIVE] "Also when Roger and Bree found the newspaper clippings, why wasn't that in there. It would have helped to explain things." User YOYOitsMEDRup argued: "They found the missing person poster of Claire - you'd fully expect that since Jamie's "wanted" poster was hung next to it most of the time as being connected, that Frank & the Reverend would've kept both for Jamie's to be there too. "But I chalked it up to...they couldn't find the poster of Jamie in the show because to our knowledge in the book, Frank never had the police do a sketch. "Having Bri and Roger find it and then meet Jamie to recognize him as the guy in the poster would've just opened up TOO big of a can of worms to go down a path the books never addressed that'd have TOO big consequences. "They've taken some liberties - but having Bri recognize Jamie when she meets him as being the guy Frank was suspicious of would be too drastic." Cgrobin added: "I have always been annoyed that when Claire returned, and told Frank she was married to a highlander, he never put 2 and 2 together and even wondered if the "highlander ghost' was connected. "I would have been happy with a 'highlander' comment, instead of Frank coming across as clueless." Meanwhile, fans are still in the dark as to how Jamie's ghost was even able to watch Claire in the future. Many will be hoping season seven, which is currently in production will hold some answers. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz and StarzPlay now.