Weeds can grow anywhere there is space, meaning they can pop up on the grass, in flower beds or on patios and driveways. Taking your eye off the garden for as little as a few weeks can allow weeds to thrive in the summer, meaning there is no better time to get outdoor spaces under control before autumn arrives. The Grass People have shared top DIY tips on getting rid of weeds this august. The experts explained: “Undiluted bleach can kill weeds growing through the cracks in your walkway or driveway. The best way to do this is to spray undiluted bleach on the weeds and let them stand. “The solution will kill existing weeds and help prevent new ones from sprouting, but be warned. “Bleach will kill grass, flowers, and other vegetation as well, so be sure to use it only on harder services and not on or near organic matter.” Britons should also make sure bleach is kept away from pets and children when placing it on weeds. READ MORE: 'Act immediately': How to save your lawn from waterlogging amid rain The experts continued: “The effect of boiling water on a plant is pretty much instant, you will see them wilt and shrivel. However, this method may be wasting your time in the long run as plants are tenacious and have evolved to come back from fairly dire conditions. “Boiling water is only effective in that it might kill or wilt the plant from above, but the weed can survive by drawing on its root system below ground to regrow itself, so it will not be killed off permanently.” However, repeated applications of boiling water will, over time, deplete the root system’s resource to the point that the plant dies. Gardeners should use this tip on weeds appearing on patios and driveways as hot water can be damaging to weeds used on the lawn or flower beds. DON'T MISS:Peat composts to be banned from sale in garden centres from 2024 [EXPLAINER]How to help the garden recover from heat before ‘damaging’ rainfall [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £130k value to flat in ‘simple’ job [VIDEO] According to the experts, applying white vinegar between pavement cracks is an “ideal way to kill unsightly plants”. Mixing white vinegar with washing up liquid also makes for a very potent and “effective” weed-killing solution. The experts explained: “The acetic acid in vinegar sucks out the water from the weed, which dries it up, while the dish soap breaks down the outside of the plant, helping the vinegar to penetrate it quicker. “However, as with all DIY weed removal methods, this should never be used on your grass or lawn or other organic matter as it could turn yellow and die off.” READ MORE: ‘Advantages’ of fitted furniture - how to save money installing The Grass People said: “Salt can be effective as it kills plants by osmosis - it will draw the water from nearby plant cells, causing leaves (if applied by spraying) or roots (if watered in) to dry out and die. “If you spray salty water on plants, the leaves will brown but they might start to put out new growth, therefore, it is much more effective if it is watered into the soil to kill the roots as this will kill the whole plant.” While effective, gardeners should use this tip with caution as salt is very powerful and can kill off slugs, bacteria, insects and worms too. If not applied wisely, salt can also kill off neighbouring plants so make sure it is placed directly on weeds. According to the experts, Jeyes Fluid will kill weeds, although it is not recommended on organic matter. They added: “This product is best used cautiously on tough outdoor surfaces like patios and paving and avoiding grass and plant matter.” Chris McIlroy, grass expert at The Grass People, commented: “Many of us spend a lot of time and energy in our gardens and it can be truly disheartening when we see pesky weeds sprouting out of places they shouldn’t be. “Luckily there are countless things we can do to fix the problem, but it can be tricky to know which are likely to work and how to use them. “Harsh chemical solutions can be helpful in certain circumstances but you should always be cautious when using them in case they cause damage to other living things which have made your garden their home.”