Campaigners are urging people to check their entitlement to benefits as millions struggle amid the cost of living crisis. The worry is that some people could be put off applying for Carer’s Allowance as they believe it will affect their entitlement to other DWP benefits. Claiming Carer's Allowance could affect Britons’ entitlement to state benefits but putting in an application shouldn’t mean they end up with less money. The DWP has confirmed in its latest guidance that total benefits will usually go up or stay the same, but they shouldn’t decrease. However, it’s important to note that applying for Carer’s Allowance could mean the person being cared for stops receiving help towards council tax. It could also lead to them not receiving severe Disability Premium paid with their benefits or an extra amount of severe disability paid with Pension Credit. READ MORE: Bank offers 3.25% interest on savings up to £1 million - ‘top' pick  Pensioners should also be aware they cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and state pension at the same time. The DWP states: “If you get state pension, you can still get Carer’s Allowance if this is less than your state pension benefits.” State pensioners who is paid £69.70 a week or more will not receive Carer’s Allowance, but will receive higher Pension Credit payments instead. Those whose state pension is less than £69.70 a week will get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference.  DON'T MISSUK recession warning: Britons urged to 'put money aside' [WARNING]State pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING]  On the Government website it states: “When you claim Carer’s Allowance your other benefit payments may change, but your total benefit payments will usually either go up or stay the same. “Carer’s Allowance does not count towards the benefit cap." Carer’s Allowance also acts as a gateway benefit to further financial help such as Universal Credit payments, housing benefit and reduced council tax bills. On top of this they are also entitled to additional discounts worth approximately £2,000 a year. READ MORE: Council tax warning: Britons owed thousands - check now  How much is Carer’s Allowance? People can claim Carer’s Allowance if they look after someone for 35 hours a week or more. It could be worth £69.70 a week depending on the individual’s personal circumstances. In addition, carers could claim thousands of pounds in further financial assistance. Carers could be entitled to: 