Broadcaster Vanessa Feltz recently announced that she’ll be leaving her BBC radio show after 20 years of waking the nation. However, fans will now be seeing more of the 60-year-old after it’s been confirmed she’ll be joining the TalkTV family. Starting next month, Vanessa Feltz will be fronting her very own three-hour-long drivetime show on the channel.People can expect to see the broadcaster speak about a wide range of topics that matter most to audiences at home.Along with touching on a variety of different themes, Vanessa will be discussing the biggest stories of the day, leading fiery panel debates and giving fans exclusive interviews with some big celebrities.Ahead of her debut show, which fans can see from September 5, the star said she was “effervescent with joy” to be joining TalkTV. She said: “The allure of a retirement reclining on a chaise lounge while the fragrant Ben (her partner) peeled me a grape was fleeting.“While there are politicians to be tackled, fat cats to be flattened, scams to expose and Lovely Listeners to champion it’s my mission to breathe fire into the microphone.“After an elegant sojourn at the BBC, I am effervescent with joy at the invitation to unleash my hitherto hidden side on Talk TV. “I will relish full-throttled debate and the chance to have a personal passionate point of view at last.” Vanessa called being at the reins of drivetime a “luxury” after having to wake up at 3:30am over the past years to do her BBC radio shows.“I’ll have a show without an alarm clock involved. If I terrified Mayor Sadiq Khan so acutely he never dared set foot in my studio on almost no sleep, tune in to see what I can achieve on a full eight hours shut-eye,” she remarked.Along with her own show, Vanessa will continue to be a guest on The Talk at 9pm for two to three nights a week.She continued: “Times have never been tougher and neither have I.” The broadcaster will be replacing Jeremy Kyle after it was announced that he’ll be having a new primetime show on TalkTV later this year.She’ll be joining a talented line-up of stars that are already featured on the channel with names including Piers Morgan, Sharon Osbourne, Tom Newton Dunn, Julia Hartley-Brewer, Mike Graham and Ian Collins.  Since TalkTV first launched in April this year, its audience has continued to grow with the presenters covering news, current affairs, different opinions and fiery debates.Speaking about Vanessa becoming a permanent member of the broadcaster, Scott Taunton, EVP, President of Broadcasting, News UK called her a “national treasure”. He said: “Vanessa Feltz is not only a world-class broadcaster, but she’s also a national treasure.“I’m delighted that she is joining the brilliant talent roster at TalkTV.“With no alarm clock needed, I’m sure our viewers and listeners will be getting the full force of Feltz!”Vanessa’s show will be available on TalkTV Monday to Friday from 4pm.