Manchester United are reportedly open to signing another forward despite being on the verge of landing Antony. However, that may be a questionable decision given the attackers Erik ten Hag already has at his disposal. The money the Glazers clearly have would, instead, be best-served on another central midfielder or a right-back… Manchester United are close to signing Antony, with the Ajax star poised to get his wish after refusing to train or play for the Eredivisie giants. But the Red Devils could sign another forward, too. According to The Telegraph, United are open to landing another attacker as the clock ticks down. Cody Gakpo and Memphis Depay, of PSV Eindhoven and Barcelona, have been linked. Yet if the Red Devils do shell out on another forward, especially if nobody comes forward to rescue Cristiano Ronaldo, then it will leave them majorly bloated in that area. United won’t be jettisoning Jadon Sancho or Marcus Rashford anytime soon, no matter how inconsistent the pair can be. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Hopes are high they’ll be able to produce the goods this season and, against Liverpool and Southampton in recent matches, they’ve started to gel and click. United are also set to welcome Anthony Martial back into the fold, too, once the France international returns from injury. Over the past two years, the 26-year-old has regressed. He’s netted just eight goals in competitive matches for the club after netting 23 across all competitions in the 2019/2020 season. At the start of the transfer window, many were expecting the former Monaco star to be shown the door as a result. But Martial impressed during pre-season, netting four goals and earning the trust of Ten Hag in the process. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Therefore, it’s feasible the France international will actually end up being a key player this summer. Especially given there’s talk of a possible new contract. United also have Anthony Elanga at their disposal, too. Some seem to think the Sweden international needs a loan spell to enhance his development, especially with his end product sometimes leaving much to be desired. But Ten Hag, like Ralf Rangnick before him, seems to like and trust Elanga to carry out his orders on the pitch. When Antony joins, the Brazil international will be yet another top performer at Ten Hag and United’s disposal. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And that’s before you even get to the likes of Amad and Facundo Pellistri, who are still both considered as talents for the future. Should Ronaldo end up staying put, he’ll also want regular game time. The 37-year-old feels he can play at the highest level and it’s not unfeasible he’ll still be a Red Devils player by the time the transfer window slams shut. Therefore, United would be wiser to bolster other areas of their squad instead. Though their deal for Casemiro is undoubtedly be a blockbuster one, they’re still short in the middle of the park. Scott McTominay and Fred are good players, but not great. James Garner is reportedly free to leave, while Donny van de Beek is yet to come good after two years at the club. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United would, therefore, be wiser to use their remaining funds on giving Casemiro a world-class partner. Sergej Milinkovic-Savic would be a good fit, while landing another midfielder would relieve some of the pressure on Christian Eriksen’s shoulders as well. A right-back is also needed. Diogo Dalot requires competition if he’s to continue to evolve, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka expected to leave the club before Thursday’s transfer deadline. With the Glazers ready to spend, something that’s not always been the case, the onus is on Ten Hag and the club’s recruitment team to make sure they address the right areas - instead of ones where the club are already well-stocked. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here