Roger Federer has hinted that a comeback from injury could be closer than ever after he posted a tantalising video of him on the practice court. The 41-year-old hasn’t played in any tournaments since reaching the quarter-finals at last year’s Wimbledon. Federer is one of the greatest tennis players to ever take to the court and has racked-up 20 Grand Slam titles throughout his illustrious career. But he went under the knife last summer as he battled to overcome a knee injury and hasn’t played since. Fans of the Swiss ace have been waiting patiently for an opportunity to watch him in action once again. And on Sunday he posted a short video to his Instagram page as he hinted that a return could be on the cards. The 10-second clip shows the veteran hitting three forehands before he skips towards the camera and ducks underneath it and out of shot. And the video had received an extraordinary 80,000 likes in the first hour after it was posted. JUST IN: Tsitsipas claims Medvedev 'tried too hard' after winning in Cincinnati  Federer was completely outplayed the last time he took to the court as he was subjected to a 3-6, 6-7, 0-6 defeat at the hands of Polish star Hubert Hurkacz at the All England Club. And he has since lost his singles ranking for the first time in 25 years following his lengthy spell on the sidelines. In May, Federer revealed that he was targeting a return at next month’s Laver Cup, which is due to get underway on Friday, September 23. And he will be hoping he can maintain his fitness to compete at next year’s Grand Slam events. DON'T MISSRybakina's dad responds to claim Wimbledon champ is 'Russian product'Andy Murray spotted coaching Kyrgios' doubles partner ahead of US OpenDjokovic makes heartbreaking admission about conversation with his dad   Federer won his first major in 2003 when he defeated Mark Philippoussis in the Wimbledon final. And that victory sparked a spell of dominance for the talented maestro as he lifted 16 Grand Slam trophies in 27 appearances. His stint as the best player in the world was coming to an end by the time the 2010s came around, but he still managed to win another four major titles as he tasted success at Wimbledon in 2012 and 2017 as well as securing back-to-back Australian Open triumphs in 2017 and 2018. Injury concerns have taken their toll on the player in recent years and he has missed half the Grand Slam events since his last title. But he will be hoping he can still make an impression on the court when he finally makes his hotly-anticipated return. 