The 26-year-old fashion model shares the low-key flat with Lady Marina, 29, and has shared numerous pictures of their space which is filled with family mementoes, artwork, and plants. Lady Amelia is the granddaughter of Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent who is the Queen’s cousin, making her 43rd in line to the throne. The royal siblings dub their flat a “sanctuary” away from the busy streets of the city and is a stark difference to the palaces and grand homes that members of the Royal Family are usually seen in. Amelia told House and Garden in 2019 that the flat is “a peaceful place, perfect for us two and full of our collected memories”. She continued: “We aim to make it a little sanctuary amidst the busy-ness of London Life.” The walls of the flat are adorned with trinkets from the sisters’ various travels including painted plates which Amelia reportedly bought during a trip to Italy. The pair are also fans of scouring vintage marketsto find items to decorate their space with. Amelia said: “We have things that we’ve collected over the years and beautiful trinkets alongside treasures which I’ve found in Portobello and Golbourne markets.” READ MORE: Truss and Sunak warning as voters want BORIS to say - NEW POLL The busy socialite can often be seen enjoying the most famous haunts London has to offer but despite this, she also enjoys relaxing peacefully at home. Amelia said: “The sitting room is my favourite part of the flat by far. Whenever I’m at home, you’ll find me there listening to Radio 4 or 6 music with a cup of coffee.” The sitting room features a cream sofa which is against a wall opposite a window and the walls are decorated with various prints and pictures and an oil painting by Josiane Yvonne Preschez, their Canadian grandmother. Lady Amelia told House and Garden: “The flat itself is small and cosy and has light streaming in in the morning from our little terrace.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Nuclear fears soar as Putin pounds city near power plant (LIVE)Ruth Davidson v Nicola Sturgeon: who do you back on future of Union? (POLL)Britons back speed limits for cyclists –‘Should conform to same rules’ (INSIGHT) The pair have made a conscious effort to adorn the flat with potted plants to add a pop of colour and to bring more nature into their city dwelling. The flat comes with a terrace which the pair use for al fresco dining with one picture on Instagram showing the model in a green tank top and green skirt enjoying the terrace while eating a salad. The Notting Hill flat serves as a prime example of how members of the Royal Family can enjoy a humble flat instead of a grand residence.