Since their shock exit from the Firm two years ago, Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry have been blasted for going against the Royal Family. Most recently, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were the focus of an unauthorised biography by investigative journalist Tom Bower. He chronicled the breakdown of the Sussexes’ relationship with the House of Windsor, unpicking the "tangled web" of royal scandal. Following the release of his bombshell book, Mr Bower appeared on ‘Piers Morgan Uncensored’ and told the host that Meghan and Harry "pose a real threat to the Royal Family." Piers Morgan, who is no stranger to voicing his opinions on the Duchess, also condemned the Sussexes, saying: "I think they are destroying a lot of the magic of the monarchy." However, some royal insiders have since claimed that Meghan and Harry are not destroying the monarchy but modernising it — a move that will ultimately ensure its survival. Grant Harrold, former butler to Prince Charles, told Insider on Wednesday: "I don't believe for a second that Harry would intentionally try to destroy the monarchy. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as Duchess friend uses wrong royal title  "I wouldn't put it past him to want to modernise it… to make people aware of things that have gone on that are wrong." Since leaving the Royal Family, Meghan and Harry have given insight into their experiences as working royals, telling Oprah Winfrey they felt a "lack of support and lack of understanding" from the Firm. The couple also commented on the royals’ approach to racism and mental health, mentioning an unnamed member of the Royal Family’s remarks about their son Archie’s skin tone before he was born, and opening up on their personal mental health struggles. After the interview aired, a Palace spokesperson said the claims were taken "very seriously" and they would be addressed by the family privately.  Mr Harrold said the Palace's HR department will likely use Meghan and Harry’s feedback to make the institution better, just like any large company or organisation would. Speaking from personal experience, he said he was always encouraged to raise concerns with the Palace's HR department when he worked there — between 2004 and 2011. Kristen Meinzer, a royal commentator based in the US, argued Meghan has influenced the Royal Family to address issues that they once "skirted around". Long before she met Harry, the former Hollywood actress advocated for humanitarian issues. In 2015, she spoke about gender equality at the UN Women’s conference on International Women’s Day, and the year after, she spoke to Elle about her experiences of racism. While Ms Meinzer noted that the royals are beginning to address issues more openly, she also claimed that the Royal Family only speak about them in the "narrowest sense," referencing Prince William tweeting about racist heckling during football matches in 2021. Posting on his and his wife’s official Twitter account, William said: "I am sickened by the racist abuse aimed at England players after last night’s match. "It is totally unacceptable that players have to endure this abhorrent behaviour. DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] "It must stop now and all those involved should be held accountable. W" The Duke of Cambridge faced public backlash for speaking about racism in football while simultaneously failing to acknowledge Meghan’s experience with racism. One royal watcher tweeted: "Whilst I appreciate Prince William speaking out about racist comments towards football players, where was this support when Meghan Markle was being bullied, even contemplating ending her life due to the comments." Another added: "The black community would have welcomed this statement from William had he condemned racism against Meghan as he's the future king and also released his transformation report and condemned racism in the UK. He loves the football players but not their people and heritage."  Commenting on Twitter at the time, Ms Meinzer said: "You [William] have the ability to condemn racism — not just in soccer — but when it's directed at your own family members. Please use that power. It would speak volumes." The royal podcast host told Insider: "Meghan, as well as Harry, helped bring the monarchy to this point. "And if they survive to the next century, they'll have the Sussexes to thank."