Dr Whitney Terrell, from Alabama in the US, took to TikTok to reveal five breeds that she would not want to have as a pet. Dr Terrell started her list with Chinese Crested hairless dogs. She said: "I don't like hairless animals, they're zitty, they're kind of greasy, same with cats. It's a no from me." The vet went on to list Chihuahuas, which she described as "ankle biters", as number four on her list. Dr Terrell said: "Not my cup of tea, afraid I'm going to step on them, will more than likely be bit if I had one, they're usually a one person dog. "We've got a few that are super sweet, the rest of them are ankle biters." Third on the vet's list are pugs and other flat-faced or brachycephalic breeds. Dr Terrell said: "Some of them are so cute and so sweet but they can't breathe, literally cannot breathe. "They snore, I've already got a husband that snores, I don't need anything else. "Skin fold, dermatitis, allergies, yeasty, smelly, gassy, it's a no from me." The vet named German Shepherds and Belgian Malinois as number two. She said: "Basically they have the potential to be really great dogs, good police dogs, good rescue type scenarios but 95 percent of the ones that we see in clinic want to bite your face off because they're not properly trained. "I know I would not be able to properly train them because I have no time. "If you're thinking about getting one of these dogs, don't do it lightly because they need lots of training, lots of attention." Rounding off her list at number one was poodle crosses which have surged in popularity in recent years. She said: "Some of these dogs are really sweet but a lot of them are crazy, crazy hyper, can't sit still for two seconds. "We've had some really aggressive ones as well. "Ear infections out the wazoo, so expensive grooming, they are a mixed breed. "Just too high maintenance for me, no I'd rather have a hound dog." Dr Terrell's video has been viewed eight million times, racking up more than 500,000 likes and almost 25,000 comments. In another TikTok clip, the vet revealed her favourite breeds which were Great Pyrenees, Germany Shorthair Pointers, Golden Retrievers, stray mutts, and Basset Hounds. 