The SNP has slammed Westminster, accusing it of overstepping devolution boundaries after former Brexit Minister Lord Frost claimed it would be “a humiliation if the UK were to be broken up”. Writing in the Daily Telegraph, on Thursday, August 19, Lord Frost suggested that the devolution settlement is “not written in stone” and that it can “evolve back too”. He suggested that for Scotland to hold another ballot on their position in the union there would need to be overwhelming support. READ MORE: Lord Frost unveils 20 DEMANDS for next PM to protect Brexit Britain He said: “I would suggest 75 percent of seats in the Scottish Parliament in favour of independence, over a 10-year period, legally binding. Without that, a referendum should simply be impossible.” He also called for Britain’s next Prime Minister – Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak – to treat the UK as a singular state. His comments sparked outrage among nationalists and Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon shared her thoughts on Twitter: “Make no mistake, the Tories are coming for devolution. If we don’t decide to entrench @scotparl through independence, its powers will be eroded – forced, according to this by one of the architects of the Brexit disaster, to ‘evolve back’.” Ms Sturgeon plans to hold a second independence referendum, on October 19, 2023 – less than a decade after the previous ballot in 2014. The SNP argues that because Scotland voted to remain in the EU in the 2016 Brexit referendum, a second independence referendum is necessary. In a poll that ran from 11am on Saturday, August 20, to 1pm on Sunday, August 21, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Does Brexit justify a new Scottish Independence vote?” In total, 3,338 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 91 percent (3,037 people) answering “no”, Brexit does not justify a second Scottish independence referendum. A further nine percent (290 people) said “yes” SNP Scottish Independence vote demand is justified by Brexit, while just 11 people said they did not know either way. READ MORE: 'Shameless' Sturgeon in meltdown: Even SNP voters refuse to back 'tone-deaf' indyref2 plan In the hundreds of comments left below the accompanying article, it was clear readers felt strongly against a second Scottish referendum. One reader, username virginiapinkn said: “No, they've had their once-in-a-generation vote.” Username Freddy.boy said: “Absolutely not. They're just using Brexit as an excuse to revisit the independence issue.” And Username Beanyboy2802 said: “No. The people of Scotland voted in 2014 to remain in union with the United Kingdom. The UK voted on the whole to part ways with the EU. “The people of Scotland cast their vote on the EU, and every one of them had just as much say as every other person in the United Kingdom.” Meanwhile, some readers agreed with Lord Frost and commented that devolved nations should have less power. Username xJonjo said: “No. Frost has got the right idea. The Government should exercise far more control over the devolved assemblies.” Username sam the man said: “There should only be one UK parliament all the others should be scrapped.” Another, username British for ever, said: “Close down the devolved assembly of Scotland now and take all powers and money back to Westminster.” DON'T MISS: Ruth Davidson v Nicola Sturgeon: who do you back on future of Union? [VOTE]Sturgeon's own top advisor admits 'no economic case' for independence [VIDEO]Have your say: Should all nations have a say in the future of the UK? [GET INVOLVED] However, other readers argued that Scotland should be given a second referendum. Username FranceEuropeFirst said: “The Scots want to stay in the EU. This was proven by the first referendum in 2014. Confirmed in 2016 by their total rejection of Brexit and the second independence referendum will allow them to regain their place in the EU.” Username Saoutchik said: “Scotland is suffering the consequences of Brexit even though the people of Scotland roundly rejected it “Devolution has not protected Scotland from being taken out of the EU against its wishes or the subsequent economic and social catastrophe it has caused. “An independence referendum is the only way Scotland can remain a democracy.” While username Westsussex said: “Yes Brexit justifies another referendum as the whole basis of the last referendum was that this was the only way that Scotland could stay in the EU “And that was the killer argument for many people. That's now all changed.” 