Last week, the former senior Republican lost her Wyoming seat in Congress to another candidate who was endorsed by Donald Trump. She is one of ten Republicans who voted to impeach Trump after the Capitol attack on January 6, eight of which have now been voted out of office.  On Sunday, an interview with Liz Cheney aired on ABC News in which she spoke about fighting “election deniers” within the Republican party. She named Republican politicians, such as Ted Cruz and Kevin McCarthy who believe the conspiracy theory that Donald Trump had the 2020 presidential election stolen from him. She said: “I think that we’ve got election deniers that have been nominated for important positions across the country. “And I’m going to work against those people. I’m going to work to support their opponents.” Ms Cheney stated that she plans to create an organisation in order to “educate the American people about what happened” on January 6 2021, when supporters of Donald Trump rioted in the Capitol Building in response to the former president losing the 2020 election.   Mrs Cheney was asked by ABC if she would run as an independent candidate during the 2024 presidential election. She responded: “I’m not going to go down that path anymore in terms of speculating today. I’m focused. “We have a huge amount of work to do. And I will make decisions about what comes next after that.” The former congresswoman also added: “You run for president because you believe you would be the best candidate, the best president of the United States. “And so any decision that I make about doing something that significant and that serious would be with the intention of winning and because I think I would be the best candidate.”  READ MORE: Joe Biden faces backlash from Democratic candidates ahead of midterms  Ms Cheney currently serves as vice chair of the House committee which has been investigating the January 6 Capitol riots. She has been a well-known critic of former president Donald Trump which has proven controversial within the Republican party. In the ABC News interview, Ms Cheney spoke about those within the Republican party that continues to support the former president. She said: “It says people continue to believe the lie, they continue to believe what [Donald Trump] is saying which is very dangerous.” It also tells you that large portions of our party, including the leadership of our party both at a state level in Wyoming as well as a national level with the RNC [Republican National Committee], is very sick.”  DON'T MISS: Further Capitol riot hearings in September [REVEAL]Seventy percent of Americans don't want Biden to run in 2024 [BREAKING]Surprise US candidate to 'absolutely' defy Biden and Trump in 2024 [REPORT] Ms Cheney’s interview comes at a time many Americans are dissatisfied with the current party system. Last month the New York Times reported a national poll that 58 percent of voters believed the American government system needed reform. Ms Cherney has stated that her goal is “doing whatever it takes to keep Trump out of the Oval Office” which could be achieved by running as an independent candidate which could split the conservative vote. Bill Schneider, author of ‘Standoff: How America Became Ungovernable’ stated that Ms Cheney could become the modern Ralph Neder. This refers to the 2000 presidential election in which Democrat candidate Al Gore lost to President George Bush by 537 votes in Florida. The Green Party candidate Ralph Neder's votes would have given Al Gore the presidency. He said: “Cheney would presumably take more votes away from Trump than from the Democrat [presidential candidate]. She could do that by running only in a few large swing states like Florida and Wisconsin.” 