Manchester United have decided to continue talks with Ajax despite seeing a huge £76million bid for the forward turned down, according to reports. The Brazil international is eager to move to Old Trafford. However, as the clock ticks down, there’s still no guarantee that will end up happening due to his club’s refusal to let him go. Manchester United submitted an eye-watering £76m bid for Antony on Friday night, in the belief it would be accepted. Yet with Ajax in no mood to lose another key player to the Red Devils having already allowed Lisandro Martinez to move to Old Trafford, the Eredivisie giants have turned it down. United have been linked with a number of forwards in recent days, ranging from PSV Eindhoven’s Cody Gakpo to Barcelona’s Memphis Depay. However, Sky Sports say the Red Devils have decided to continue negotiations with Ajax in the hope the Dutch side will buckle. Ajax, for their part, believe United have left it too late. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers With days of the transfer window remaining, offloading the 22-year-old would leave them with precious little time to find a replacement. Ajax also want a fee that is closer to £84m to part ways with Antony, such is their utmost determination to retain the services of the Samba star. But that hasn’t stopped United from continuing their pursuit, with Erik ten Hag keen to secure a reunion with a player he previously managed over in Amsterdam. It is thought the Red Devils haven’t yet decided to walk away from a deal, which explains their decision to maintain the chase. And whether they’re able to make the Brazilian their fifth signing of the transfer window, after previous deals for Martinez, Tyrell Malacia, Casemiro and Christian Eriksen, remains to be seen. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Gakpo would perhaps be a cheaper alternative, amid suggestions PSV Eindhoven would negotiate for a fee close to £40m. The Netherlands international scored 12 goals and clocked up 12 assists in the league for his club last term, enhancing his reputation as one of the best young forwards in world football. And then there’s Depay. The Barcelona star previously joined United back in the summer transfer window of 2015, having impressed Louis van Gaal to earn a move. Things started well enough, with the 28-year-old bagging a memorable brace in a Champions League win over Club Brugge upon joining. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But Depay toiled for 18 months before Jose Mourinho shipped him to Lyon back in January 2017, having deemed the Dutchman surplus to requirements. With Barcelona willing to let the forward go, it’s possible he’ll be re-signed by United as they look to bolster their ranks. And whether they’d go for both Antony and Depay is currently unclear, especially with the clock ticking down. Speaking on Friday, meanwhile, the Ajax star opened up on his desire to leave and why he feels he’s earned the chance to decide his future. “Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face new challenge and that some interested clubs would arrive and with them, certainly a great offer,” said the forward. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “During the window months, meetings continued and I also received a proposal from Ajax for contract renewal. “I made it clear once again: I want to leave. “I was very happy in Amsterdam, I won titles at Ajax, made friends and built part of my career, but now I reinforce that I am ready and full of motivation to follow my story and my dreams. “People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. “I need this to continue performing at a high level. Ajax will always be in my heart.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here