The Met Office has issued the rare warning this morning, August 9, but it actually comes into place on midnight this Thursday, August 11 and ceases at midnight on August 14. The warning blankets the vast majority of the south, east, west, parts of Wales, the Midlands, and stops around Manchester and Leeds. It comes with an extended health risk attached, indicating increased chances of sun burn, heat exhaustion, dehydration nausea and fatigue. Experts warn some changes to working practices or daily routines will be needed for the second time in under a month.  A warning of this nature was last implemented in July, when temperatures of 40.3C were recorded, which was a historical record. The Met Office adds: "Temperatures will increase across much of the UK over the coming week. "Temperatures will be highest across parts of England and Wales with these peaking on Friday and Saturday. "In addition to high daytime maxima, temperatures overnight will remain very warm, especially in larger urban areas." Covering a total of 83 regions, people are also told to expect coastal areas to become swamped with crowds, along with lakes and other beauty spots. This will increase the risk of water safety and fire-related incidents. From Thursday, much of England will be under an exceptional alert via the Fire Safety Index, which determines how bad a fire could be should it break out. People stuck in delays on roads, rail and aircrafts may experience some "welfare issues," the Met Office added. READ MORE: Met Office gives verdict on thunderstorms ending BOILING 36C heatwave  A heat health alert is also in force for much of England, which urges social and health services to be ready to act as thermometers soar to the mid-30s. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Tony Wardle said: “With high pressure dominant this week, the influence of any showers will be contained to the far northwest, and even here will be short-lived in nature. “Further south, which has seen little rain for some time now, dryness will continue through the week and provide no relief for parched land, especially in the southeast. “Some change to more unsettled conditions is then signalled but, as is often the case during the summer, details a week or more in advance of showers and rain are highly uncertain.” DON'T MISS:Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael on 'gift' of 'life-changing' roleNicola Walker addresses Unforgotten exit after Cassie Stuart deathRichard Madeley speaks out on joining Strictly Come Dancing  Mr Wardle added: “Heatwave criteria look likely to be met for large areas of the UK later this week, with the hottest areas expected in central and southern England and Wales on Friday and Saturday. Temperatures could peak at 35C, or even an isolated 36C on Saturday. “Elsewhere will see temperatures widely into the high 20s and low 30s Celsius later this week as temperatures build day-on-day through the week due to an area of high pressure extending over much of the UK. “Coupled with the high daytime temperatures will be continued warm nights, with the mercury expected to drop to only around low 20s Celsius for some areas in the south.” A risk of thunderstorms in the south has been spoken of, potentially bringing an end to the heatwave early next week, but nothing concrete has been predicted as yet. 