State nuclear company Energoatom offered its update a day after nearby fires allegedly caused by shelling caused the plant to go offline. However, the company said there were currently no issues with the plant's machinery or its safety systems. Energoatom said electricity for the plant's own needs was currently being supplied through a power line from Ukraine's electricity system, and that work was ongoing to restore grid connection to the plant's two functioning reactors. In a speech late on Thursday, Ukraine's president blamed Russian shelling for the outage, and accused Moscow of "putting Ukraine and all Europeans... one step away from a radiation disaster." Russian-installed officials in the Zaporizhzhia region blamed the fire and subsequent outage on Ukraine's armed forces. Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant, the largest in Europe, supplied around 20 percent of Ukraine's electricity before Moscow's invasion on February 24. Russian forces captured the plant in early March, although Ukrainian engineers from Energoatom still run its daily operations. Over the past two weeks, the territory of the plant has been repeatedly hit by shelling, with Ukraine and Russia blaming each other for the attacks. READ MORE: Putin humiliated over ‘useless’ Russian troops Western leaders have previously demanded that Russia hands the plant back to Ukraine, while the UN chief has called for it to be "demilitarised". The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has declared its intention to send a mission to inspect the power station. A Russian-installed official in the occupied part of Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia region said on Friday that electricity from the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant was being supplied to Ukraine as normal. DON'T MISSPutin using Russian convicts in Ukraine war in ‘desperate’ move [REPORT] Putin forces rocked as another Ka-52 chopper destroyed [REPORT] Brits warned to brace for ‘blackouts’ as Russia squeezes energy supply [REPORT] State-owned news agency TASS quoted the head of the Russian-installed administration in Enerhodar, where the nuclear plant is located, as saying the plant was working "without outages". Ukrainian state atomic energy company Energoatom said on Thursday that the plant's six reactors had been disconnected from the country's electricity grid. The power station is located close to the frontlines and has come under repeated fire in recent weeks, raising fears of a nuclear disaster. Both Ukraine and Russia have accused each other of shelling the facility. Speaking last night, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky warned the world came close to a nuclear disaster after electricity to the plant was cut as a result of Russian shelling in the area, allegations which Moscow denied. Mr Zelensky said Russian shelling on Thursday sparked fires in the ash pits of a nearby coal power station that disconnected the reactor complex, Europe's largest such facility, from the power grid. Back-up diesel generators ensured power supply that is vital for cooling and safety systems at the plant, he said, praising the Ukrainian technicians who operate the plant under the gaze of the Russian military. He explained: "If our station staff had not reacted after the blackout, then we would have already been forced to overcome the consequences of a radiation accident. "Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans in a situation one step away from a radiation disaster." Speaking to Express.co.uk last month, Nickolas Roth, senior director on the Nuclear Threat Initiative's Nuclear Materials Security Program team in the US, warned of the risk of a meltdown at a reactor or a fire within a tightly-packed spent fuel pool at Zaporizhia resulting in widespread radiological contamination. He added: "The recent news about fighting around Zaporizhia is particularly alarming. Prior to that, there was already a safety and security crisis at the facility. Nuclear power plants were not intended for war zones and nuclear operators cannot safely run a plant at gunpoint. The UN Secretary General and US calls for ending military activities at and around Zaporizhia are important steps toward reducing risk. Nuclear power plants should not be military targets. "There should be an immediate halt to hostilities at Zaporizhia so that international experts from the International Atomic Energy Agency can identify and begin addressing nuclear safety and security risks at the site."