The bridge is a vital supply line for Russian troops located on the western banks of the Dnipro river. If the bridge is destroyed, then Putin's troops will be cut off and face being wiped out. Previous strikes had already made the bridge almost unusable for military vehicles.  The Ukrainians are believed to have used HIMARS in this most recent attack, which was captured on video. Images show a bright orange ball with thick black smoke rising skywards, as a section of the bridge burns. Russia's air defence systems can be heard activating, as vain attempts are made to shoot down the incoming rounds. Social media users were quick to deride the failed attempts by Russian forces to foil the attack. Jay in Kyiv wrote: "The futility of Russian air defence's multiple attempts, several absolute precision strikes by Ukrainian HiMARS early this morning on Antonovsky Bridge. "Incredible accuracy. Russia can do nothing."  MilitaryLand noted: "Night work of Ukrainian HIMARS on #Antonovsky Bridge near #Kherson. "Russian forces tried to intercept the rockets, but didn't succeed." In one of its recent daily bulletins, the UK's Ministry of Defence confirmed the damage sustained by the bridge in previous attacks. They wrote: "The two primary road bridges giving access to the pocket of Russian occupied territory on the west bank of the Dnipro in Kherson Oblast are now probably out of use for the purposes of substantial military resupply. "On 10 August 2022, Ukrainian precision strikes likely rendered the road crossing of the Dnipro River at Nova Kakhovka unusable for heavy military vehicles. READ MORE: Putin fury as NATO plots to take control of vital waterway "In recent days, Russia has only succeeded in making superficial repairs to the damaged Antonovsky road bridge which likely remains structurally undermined”. Ukraine's army has been boosted by the arrival of US-supplied HIMARS, which have helped Kyiv turn the tide in the war with Russia. Ukrainian commanders have been able to target Russian ammunition dumps and command posts behind the front lines, causing panic and fear. Equally important to Ukraine's war effort has been the delivery of UK-manufactured M270 multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS). The cutting-edge weapon system can strike targets up to 80km away with pinpoint accuracy. DON'T MISSMoscow ignores Russian soldiers asking for help - VIDEO  [REVEAL]Ukraine LIVE: Putin warns of 'point of no return' amid massive losses [NEWS]Putin ‘targets UK with nerve agent’, experts say [SPOTLIGHT] The UK's Defence secretary, Ben Wallace, announced last week that Britain would send three more of the deadly weapon systems to Ukraine. Oleksii Reznikov confirmed that the new batch of M270 MLRS had already arrived in a joyful tweet on Saturday morning. He wrote: "UK promised, UK delivered! More M270 MLRS arrived in Ukraine. Thanks to Ben Wallace and all British people! Your support is amazing and so important for Ukraine. "Our army will skilfully use this ‘replenishment’ at the battlefield."