Spain is an incredibly popular summer destination for British travellers. However, holiday plans may go awry as strike action continues to take place. Both easyJet and Ryanair staff have gone on strike in recent weeks and months. This has affected those travelling to Spain. Ryanair strike action left passengers to both Barcelona and Majorca in the lurch just yesterday. Four flights at Barcelona and two flights at Majorca were cancelled, with 28 flights reportedly delayed. easyJet strikes have also had a huge affect on passengers in recent days. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk Since last Friday, strike action has reportedly caused 38 flight cancellations, affecting Palma, Malaga and Barcelona passengers. Britons should be aware of these strikes as they are far from over. The industrial action may continue to affect holidaymakers as the summer draws to a close - and beyond. Those with hopes to visit the sunny destination over the weekend may see their plans thwarted. Britons are yet to know if the strike action will throw their bank holiday plans into chaos. easyJet pilots are due to strike between Friday August 27 and Sunday August 29. These strikes are by Spanish pilot union Sepla; the cause of their striking is a demand for better working conditions. They would like to see easyJet re-establish pilots' working conditions from before the pandemic. READ MORE: Jane McDonald shares her favourite thing about cruising They would also like to see pilots instated with new multi-year contracts. As for Ryanair strikes, these are set to potentially cause disruption for far longer than the bank holiday weekend. Some strike action will continue every Monday to Thursday until January 2023, backed by the USO and SITCLPA union groups. Both airlines have assured passengers they need not panic with disruption from strike action kept to a minimum. GOV.UK currently states: "Possible strike action may cause some disruption to flights to and from Spain. You should consult your airline for updates prior to travel." A Ryanair spokesperson told Express.co.uk:“These two tiny unions who represent only a handful of our Spanish cabin crew have held a number of poorly supported “strikes” in June and July which have had little or no impact on Ryanair’s flights to or from Spain. "In July alone Ryanair operated over 3,000 daily flights and carried a record 16.8m passengers – many of them to/from Spain. Ryanair expects that these latest threatened strikes, which involve only a handful of our Spanish cabin crew, will have zero impact on our Spanish flights or schedules in August or September. "On a point of correction, while a tiny number of Ryanair flights in Spain were cancelled or delayed in July, this was mostly due to ATC strikes and flight delays. No flights were cancelled in July due to these unsuccessful and poorly supported strikes by these two minority unions (USO & SITCPLA) who represent only a small handful of Ryanair Spanish cabin crew. "The vast majority of Ryanair’s Spanish cabin crew are represented by the CCOO union who have already reached a labour agreement with Ryanair which covers most of our Spanish cabin crew.” Express.co.uk has also contacted easyJet for comment. 