Homeowners and bill payers are being warned over the most “energy-guzzling” appliances around the home as the energy price cap is forecast to rise in October. The experts shared the top 10 appliances which use the most electricity and are likely “busting your budget”. The experts explained: “Your HVAC system is the biggest consumer of energy in your home. Most HVAC systems run 24 hours a day; therefore, depending on the efficiency of your unit, on average, it may use 72kWh in a day, costing you a staggering £4,967.65 a year and £13.61 every day. “To save money, invest in a programmable thermostat. If you assumed the energy costs of running a fan are minimal, you’d be right. Consider direct current fans. “They use so little energy that operating one at full speed for 24 hours a day would cost between £24.83 and £164.25 a year.” It will soon be cold enough outside that many Britons will want their heating on so it is important to know how to keep costs down. READ MORE: ‘Correct’ way to remove ‘yellow stains’ from pillows without scrubbing According to the energy experts, water heaters use more energy than you probably think. They said: “For example, it takes about 4000 watts for a water heater to run for one hour, and the average water heater runs for 3 hours. This means it uses 12kWh per average, costing you about £828.55 if used daily for a year. “But you don’t have to break the bank to heat the water in your home; heat pump water heaters don’t directly generate heat from electricity. Instead, they use electricity to transfer heat using only around 500 watts.” A fridge must run 24 hours a day to keep food fresh and hygienic, meaning it is one of the most energy-guzzling appliances. According to the experts, a fridge costs nearly £300 a year to run. They added: “This means you spend more than £200 yearly to keep your food fresh. Although a refrigerator is necessary, paying for it with expensive electricity is not essential. “Instead, purchase a less-expensive appliance to lower the cost, such as propane fridges.” DON'T MISS:How to wash pillows to keep them ‘fluffy and firm’ [EXPLAINER]8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick [EXPERT]10 ‘key’ gardening tasks to do now - from pruning to planting [INSIGHT] While using a dishwasher may save time, it doesn’t help to save money. If used every day, it could cost nearly £250 to run. Instead, homeowners could use it every other day and wash up dishes instead. The experts said: “You enjoy baking, you might know how much energy this appliance consumes. But, did you know that how you use your oven affects how much electricity you use? “We’re guilty of opening and closing the oven door while it’s on, but this habit can be costly. We estimated that an oven is used, on average, for about an hour a day. It takes about 2400 watts for an average oven to run. Therefore, it requires 2.4 kWh for 1 hour of use and costs about £164.25 to use daily for a year.” READ MORE: ‘Telltale signs’ you need to repot your houseplant Number six on the list is a tumble dryer which is a staple appliance in many people’s homes. With the rise in energy bills, Britons could be paying £156.95 annually if they use the average run time of 45 minutes. Instead, items such as dehumidifiers or a heated airer could help dry clothes during the winter months. Kettles are another staple appliance, often used on a daily basis to make hot drinks or boil food. With an average use time of 60 minutes, kettles cost, on average, £124.10 every year to use. The experts said that a stove sets back bill payers just over £100 a year to use. This is if it is used for an average use time of 60 minutes. Instead, Britons could opt to use a microwave if they have one. Hair dryers are also used frequently, but they could add around £40 to a yearly bill. This does depend on how long it is used for, but the experts said it is often used for around 30 minutes each time. A coffee machine is used everyday in houses which have one, often during the day when energy costs more. Coming in last place, a coffee machine costs around £11 to run for a year. That is if it is used for the average time of 10 minutes. A spokesperson for Radiators Online said, “The cheapest household product on our list is the washing machine. This appliance is a widely used Energy Star model and only needs 500 watts per hour to run. “This is because your washing machine uses more energy heating water than it does doing anything else during a wash cycle. So, washing machines are more energy efficient by using cold water, which most people prefer to use when doing their laundry. “Hence, if used every day for a year, a washing machine’s electricity costs £18.25. Overall, refrain from using your energy-intensive appliances as much as possible, opt for energy star®-rated models and consider cheaper alternatives.”