Kelly Brook, 46, stunned in a white lace gown last week in Italy as she married her boyfriend of seven years Jeremy Parisi, 37. The television personality has given Express.co.uk a very rare insight into her "peaceful" life with her camera shy husband as well as sharing why she decided to make a move away from mainstream TV. Kelly began dating the Italian hunk in 2014 after watching one of his Instagram videos. Speaking to Express.co.uk about her private life, she said: "Now I'm working on the radio and I'm not in people's living rooms every week, I'm not really putting myself out there in that way consciously. "It's because I'm enjoying that level of privacy and not being followed by paparazzi and being scrutinised all the time. "So that's why I made the move to broadcast radio making me a bit more niche and that's brought me a lot of peace." READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta’s wife stuns in rare loved-up appearance Kelly then revealed to Express.co.uk that her husband isn't bothered about being in the public eye. She continued: "My partner is not really bothered about being in the public eye so for him I don't think he would have enjoyed that if I was always getting my picture taken. "He doesn't really like his picture taken whilst he's on holiday and stuff. "So I think I was just ready to kind of move away from that, to be honest." The happy couple exchanged vows in the Italian port town Civitavecchia, surrounded by family and friends. Kelly looked amazing in the traditional white bridal gown that featured lovely sheer lace detailing on the arms. The dress perfectly drew in the radio DJ's hourglass figure, while Jeremy looked very dapper in a black three-piece suit. She wore her long brunette tresses down in soft waves, while accessorising with a veil and floral tiara on the top of her head. DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [OPINION] American Pie star Jennifer Coolidge 'slept with 200 people' [INSIGHT] Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini as she gives fans an eyeful [PICS] An inside source told a UK publication about the wedding's star studded guest list including the likes of Kylie Minogue. The source revealed: "Kelly has invited all her friends and stars like Kylie are on the guestlist. "The ceremony is going to be really romantic but Kelly wants to give her family and pals a real party afterwards. "She has been in talks with a company to put on a funfair for everyone — and the drinks will be flowing all night", an inside source told The Sun. Kelly is currently partnered with SlimFast and has made a Fakeaway recipes line with them, helping others eat well for 600 calories or less. Speaking about her latest venture, she said: "It is something we wanted to do to celebrate my 1000th day on the SlimFast journey. "We decided there were so many delicious recipes in the Food not Fomo SlimFast cookbook that we wanted to take some of those that we were likening to some of our favourite takeaways like the fish and chips, Greek lamb burgers, and the pad Thai. "We are saying to everyone, look, if you want a takeaway you don't have to reach for those calorific takeaways that you've been used to, this is a much healthier alternative!" Kelly has created a series of new SlimFast Fakeaway recipes so that people can enjoy their favourite tasty menu classics for 600 calories or less. You can enjoy each dish as part of the SlimFast 3.2.1. Plan and still lose or maintain a healthy weight. For more information visit SlimFast's website