Prince Harry's engagement to Meghan Markle was announced in November 2017, and royal fans were delighted with the Duchess-to-be's brand new diamond ring. Meghan Markle's engagement ring is a 'trilogy' ring made of three diamonds of varying sizes, set on a yellow gold band. Poignantly, Prince Harry made sure to include a sweet tribute within it too.  Like the sapphire engagement ring Prince William gave Kate Middleton, Meghan's engagement ring is linked to the late Princess Diana too. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, said: “Meghan Markle’s three stone ‘trilogy’ or ‘trinity’ ring designed by Prince Harry consists of a large cushion-cut central diamond sourced by her husband from Botswana. "It is very special because it is flanked on both sides by two smaller round diamonds that are heirlooms from her late mother-in-law Princess Diana’s own collection. "Prince Harry’s heartwarming purpose behind the stones was so that his mother could always be present with them on their 'crazy journey together'."  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry in shock speech The engagement ring is undoubtedly priceless to Harry and Meghan, but it would likely fetch a staggering sum if it was ever sold. According to Ms Borrowman, Meghan's engagement ring is worth "anywhere between £100,000 and £300,000.” In her engagement interview a few years ago Meghan said the ring was "perfect", and her adoration of it was clear for all to see. But ever the fashion icon, Meghan had the ring altered to include trendy "scallop diamond detailing" on the previously plain band.   Joanna Wyganowska, Design Expert & Gemmologist at Queensmith said of Meghan's ring: "Trilogy rings are really traditional - each of the three stones are said to represent the past, present and future of the couple’s relationship. "The central diamond of a trilogy ring like Meghan’s is usually the largest, representing the most important phase, the present. "Meghan chose to add scallop diamond detailing to the band of the previously plain ring - a beautiful way to inject a little more modern glamour!  DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Has Meghan Markle had a positive impact on Royal Family? [POLL]Meghan accused of 'mocking Queen' in 'publicity stunt' birthday video [ANALYSIS]Meghan questioned on ‘radio silence’ 1 year on from birthday campaign [INSIGHT] "She usually wears a stack of plain gold rings and diamond eternity rings alongside her engagement ring, which is an ultra-cool trend we’re seeing a lot of couples go for right now." Meghan wears the Welsh gold wedding band she received on her wedding day in 2018. Traditionally, royal brides who married during the Queen's reign have been given a ring made from a nugget of gold from the Clogau mine. Meghan also debuted a dainty diamond band shortly after the birth of her and Prince Harry's first child, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, in 2019. 