Newcastle have asked Chelsea and the Premier League’s fellow top six clubs to keep them informed about attackers they might consider selling, reports claim. Blues stars Callum Hudson-Odoi, Conor Gallagher and Christian Pulisic are all on the Magpies’ radar. Head coach Eddie Howe is yet to strengthen his forward options this summer despite having the backing of Newcastle’s Saudi owners. Around £60million has been spent on Sven Botman, Matt Targett and Nick Pope, but no striker has arrived. Howe has missed out on a couple of targets, including Hugo Ekitike who has joined Paris Saint-Germain on loan from Reims. Ahead of the new Premier League season, the former Bournemouth boss urged the St James’ Park hierarchy to crack on with further business. He could get his wish before the September 1 transfer deadline as Newcastle have apparently asked the Premier League’s top six for any of their cast-offs. They are most pertinently interested in signing Hudson-Odoi, Gallagher or Pulisic from Chelsea, with all three potentially available. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd Gakpo and Rabiot update That is according to The Athletic, who claim that winger Hudson-Odoi and energetic midfielder Gallagher are ‘chief’ among Newcastle’s top targets. Pulisic is a wide option but could be harder to sign now that Chelsea have sold Timo Werner to Red Bull Leipzig. Newcastle stormed up the Premier League following their takeover last October and then Howe’s appointment a month later. But losing star striker Callum Wilson for much of the campaign was a blow, while the £25m acquisition of Chris Wood failed to work out, with the former Burnley man scoring just twice after his January arrival. DON'T MISS...Man Utd and Chelsea to learn De Jong transfer fate 'this week'Chelsea are 'worried about signing another Harry Maguire'Chelsea owner Todd Boehly's crisis highlighted as 'distance' in talks Howe is keen to upgrade on his striking options this month in a bid to see his side score more goals. They relied on a thunderbolt from centre-back Fabian Scharr to finally open the scoring against newly-promoted Nottingham Forest in their top-flight opener on Saturday, before Wilson added another late on. Two bids for Leicester star James Maddison have been rejected out of hand by the Foxes. A £40m offer for the playmaker was laughed off by Brendan Rodgers, who quipped that it would not even cover the cost of one of Maddison’s limbs. Newcastle could therefore change tack and attempt to target the top six’s unwanted talent. Chelsea could let Hudson-Odoi or Gallagher leave on loan before the end of the transfer window if head coach Thomas Tuchel acquires all of his targets.