Introducing the journalist to BBC viewers alongside Philip Mould, hosts Emma Willis and Jermaine Jenas revealed that Fiona Bruce has a “keen” hobby when she’s not working on TV. Joking that she's not very talented at it, she told The One Show presenters she likes to garden. Welcoming them both onto the show, Jermaine told viewers that they’ll be speaking to both Fiona and Phil about their show Fake or Fortune. However, first going to Fiona, The One Show host wanted to know more about her interests away from TV. He said: “Not a lot of people will know this but you’re a very keen gardener aren’t you?” The BBC journalist confirmed before jokingly replying: “Not a very talented one though!”  Emma could be heard laughing before they touched the current hosepipe ban that is kicking in in some areas around the UK. Jermaine asked the 58-year-old what she’ll be doing to make sure her garden stays looked after before wondering if she has any tips she’d like to share with viewers. She said: “Well, water butts are really important although they’re kind of running low. “Also anything you get from your washing up water or anything like that or frankly just let it go!”  Fiona then explained that she’s got a vegetable patch but as her raspberries are starting to die, she’s just letting it happen because there’s a limit to how much you can do. Emma asked her if it was sad to see after putting so much time and love into something to then watch it suddenly fade. Agreeing, she replied: “It is! All the fruits we’ve got. We’ve got pears and apples but they’re all teeny tiny because they’re not getting much water. “You know those trees are not going to die, they’ll be fine next year, so I think some things you’ve just got to relax and let them go.”  Emma told Fiona that she’s been inspired to start her own vegetable patch after seeing Fiona’s which she called “sensational”. Jermaine joked: “Seems like you've timed it alright, there might be a bit of water next year!” Laughing, his colleague agreed as she said: “I know there might be.” Elsewhere in the interview, Fiona and Bruce touched on their show Fake or Fortune.   The show features the duo teaming up to investigate the mysteries behind some intriguing works of art. Speaking about it to Emma and Jermaine, Philip told them both why he believes the show is so popular with viewers ahead of its 10th series. He said: “You’re brought into a world of very high stakes you know? This is the art world, why do paintings make money, and what’s behind it all? “I think you really root for the owner as well. If you care about the person who owns the picture it can take you into the world.” The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One from 7pm  