Chelsea are not prepared to allow Trevoh Chalobah to join Tottenham or any other club on a temporary basis in advance of Thursday's transfer deadline, according to reports. The Blues had been widely tipped to ship Chalobah out on loan after wrapping up a deal to sign Wesley Fofana, who is set to join the west Londoners from Leicester City over the next few days. A number of clubs were said to have been weighing up the possibility of taking Chalobah until the end of the season, with Tottenham thought to have been among the interested parties. However, the 23-year-old is now set to remain at Stamford Bridge for the foreseeable future after it was decided that he should be kept as part of Thomas Tuchel's squad for the campaign ahead, according to Gianluca Di Marzio.It is said that Chalobah's representatives have already informed the likes of Inter and AC Milan that he will not be made available for a move elsewhere before the summer window closes on Thursday. He will also not be allowed to join Tottenham, with the Evening Standard having claimed that Spurs tabled a formal offer to snap him up on a temporary deal earlier this week.Chalobah is instead expected to play a back-up role for Chelsea over the course of this season, with the Blues struggling for numbers at the back after losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of the previous campaign. The former Lorient and Ipswich Town loanee broke into Tuchel's first-team plans at Chelsea a year ago and ended up scoring three goals from 20 matches in the Premier League as the two-time European champions secured a comfortable third-placed finish. JUST IN: Chelsea 'pushing' to sign Man Utd target and are closer than Liverpool The player was said to have been pushing to leave Chelsea on loan in search of regular minutes earlier in the window, but it seems as though he will be staying in the capital until at least January as things stand. However, the fact that Chelsea are close to agreeing a mega-money deal to land Fofana from Leicester suggests that Tuchel does not yet see Chalobah as a first-choice option at Stamford Bridge.Former Premier League forward Noel Whelan recently claimed that Chalobah is likely to be 'very unhappy' at Chelsea as a result of his lack of action off the back of his impressive breakthrough campaign, with the arrival of Fofana set to knock the Sierra Leone-born defender even further down the pecking order. "I can see why he wants to leave," Whelan told Football Insider. "When you’ve put in performances like he has, and they’re looking for another centre-half, it’s understandable."He came in under difficult circumstances last season and didn’t put a foot wrong. He was very competitive, and at some points probably their best centre-back."If I was him, at his age, I would be asking questions and I would be very unhappy too. It doesn’t surprise me that he’s miffed by this speculation." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here