Before getting into the main section of the ITV show, each of the Loose Women stars walk on set waving to the camera as they walked to their seat at the panel. However, during Thursday's instalment, Charlene White revealed there was a disagreement before the cameras started to roll.  Today’s panellists of Loose Women saw Charlene, Denise Welch, Katie Piper and Carol McGiffin touch on a series of topics in the headlines. Although before getting into their first item, all four of the ladies walked to their seats laughing. While introducing the show, Charlene revealed what they had been laughing about before the music cued them to start. She said: “We’re all chuckling because Katie just had a massive go at Denise about her footwear today.”   Addressing the 38-year-old, she asked: “You’re not happy are you?” Denise pulled her leg up from behind the table to show viewers at home what shoes she was wearing. She yelled: “Katie doesn’t approve of flip flops!” Smiling, her colleague replied: “Save them for the poolside.”   Following her response, the rest of the panel went “Ooh” as they could sense she didn’t like Denise's casual attire. Elsewhere in the show, the women discussed plastic surgery after actress Jane Fonda revealed her regret of having a facelift. Denise then addressed Katie as she mentioned she had the bags under her eyes done when she was 50. She also revealed she doesn’t like her neck or her side profile and has had numerous consultations about it. “Do you think, ‘these women are so superficial’ when you've had to have reconstructive surgery because of a terrible incident that happened to you?” Denise asked Katie.   The mum-of-two replied: “The short answer is no, I don’t. “I really respect you and everything you’ve been through, I really admire you. “I think it’s such a complex thing of why do you feel like that about your neck? It’s because of misogyny and society. “It’s an ageist industry that we work in.”   Viewers watching gave their thoughts on plastic surgery with many saying they get botox for medical reasons.  Sara commennted: "I have Botox for my migraines. I hate what it does to my eyes and eyebrows in the first few days #LooseWomen"  FlopsyPickle added: "I have Botox for migraines, 30 injections between my eyes, forehead, hairline, down my neck and slightly across my shoulders. I get asked each time if I’ve had any drooping, people don’t realise it can have the opposite cosmetic effect to what they hoped #loosewomen" Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV at 12:30pm   I have Botox for my migraines. I hate what it does to my eyes and eyebrows in the first few days #LooseWomen" Another added: "I have Botox for migraines, 30 injections between my eyes, forehead, hairline, down my neck and slightly across my shoulders. I get asked each time if I’ve had any drooping, people don’t realise it can have the opposite cosmetic effect to what they hoped #loosewomen" Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV at 12:30pm 