Marion Crawford, affectionately called 'Crawfie' by Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret, worked as the sisters' childhood governess. A new Channel 4 documentary, The Real Windsors, has aired rare footage of the governess who was accused of betraying the Royal Family by leaking private information about the princesses and her time working in the royal household. Following the apparent "betrayal", the Queen, and the rest of the family, reportedly completely froze the former aide out of their lives. Speaking in the new royal documentary, royal historian Robert Lacey said: "To us, it all seems perfectly innocuous stuff, even rather bland. "But that didn't matter to Princess Elizabeth, and [Queen] Elizabeth II as she became, Crawfie had betrayed her." The documentary stated that the Royal Family "cut ties" with Crawfie and "adjected that she move back to her native, Scotland". It also noted that, to this day, there is no record that [Queen] Elizabeth II ever made contact with her old nanny again". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Height of ignorance' Meghan faces US backlash – 'D-list' actor savaged Due to the fact no contact ever seems to have been made following the apparent betrayal, Mr Lacey said: "The Queen does have this harsh side when it comes to defending the principles that she thinks matter. "It was a formative experience that contributed to the seriousness, with which she always approached her job", adding, "ruthlessness, some people may call it". According to the documentary, there is only one existing interview with Marion Crawford. She because "such a controversial figure in Britain" and the interview was not publicly shown in the UK for 50 years. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle run for Democrats in 2024 US election? Also speaking in the Channel 4 documentary, Eve Pollard, who was the former editor at the Sunday Mirror and the Sunday Express, said: "The breaking of trust, at a very early age, I think, was a real lesson to the Queen. "Don't get too close to poeple you are not sure of, make sure that you can rely on them, make sure they will never tell. "Make sure there's a loyalty there, and often, make sure they're from a background that would as horrified about kiss-and-tell, as you would yourself. DON'T MISS The documentary stated that Marion "sold the story of her time as the princesses nanny to an American magazine". The former royal governess later settled in Scotland with her husband, merely a few miles down the road from Balmoral, the Queen's preferred summer residence. Marion's husband died in the 1970s and her mental health deteriorated.  She later died of cancer in February 1988. READ NEXT: