Manchester United have three goalkeepers on their radar as they look to sign a deputy for David De Gea, according to reports. The Spain international walks into Erik ten Hag’s side almost by default these days due to the decision to loan Dean Henderson to Nottingham Forest. And the Red Devils are hopeful of adding to their squad by the time the summer transfer window slams shut at the beginning of next month. Manchester United decided to loan out Henderson, with the England international making it known he needed regular game time after growing frustrated of being stuck in De Gea’s shadow. And The Sun say Yann Sommer is now leading the race to be the back-up goalkeeper over at Old Trafford. The Switzerland international is being eyed by United and was watched by scouts in Borussia Monchengladbach’s recent 1-0 win over Hertha Berlin on Friday night. However, he’s believed to want a guarantee of regular action - especially with the World Cup in Qatar creeping closer. And that means United also have two other players in their sights in the forms of Tim Krul and Daniel Bachmann. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Krul has been a key player for Norwich City in recent years and has previously played in the top flight with the Canaries, Brighton and Newcastle. The Netherlands international would bring experience to the Red Devils and, at the age of 34, is still going strong. But Bachmann is under consideration, too, with the Watford goalkeeper also strutting his stuff in the Championship this term. It’ll be interesting to see who United ultimately settle on as they look for somebody to keep De Gea on his toes, especially given his shaky start to the new season. De Gea fronted up after last weekend’s chastening 4-0 defeat to Brentford, apologising for his early error that allowed Josh Dasilva to open the scoring at the Gtech Community Stadium. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "It was a difficult season and probably it's still in our minds,” he said. "When something goes wrong people get panicky, it's difficult. But we have to learn, we have a new manager, some new players, we need to be more positive, keep learning and improve." And he added: "He said it was unacceptable, what we were doing on the pitch. "Nothing else to be honest. It was horrible, then some tactical things. It was horrible from us. "I must take responsibility, I think I cost two goals to the team today. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “That first goal cannot happen. As a team we should react much better than we did, but I think I cost the team two goals." Henderson, meanwhile, spoke out earlier in the month and criticised United for their treatment of him over the past year. "I didn't want the manager to come in and be able to see me in training,” he told talkSPORT. “I knew he'd probably want to keep me, so I tried to do it all before I left for the season. “I told all the hierarchy I need to go and play football, I don't want to be here playing second fiddle. "It was all planned out. I was almost gone before the manager came through the door and I haven't spoken to him since. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “To be honest with you, it's probably been the toughest 12 months of my career. It's been tough, it's been hard and I'm so happy I've got out the other end of it. I'm so excited to be here and ready to go. "The conversation I had coming out of that Euros squad was ' you're coming back here to be the number one goalkeeper'. “I got Covid, come back, I should have still been the number one, but unfortunately, no-one followed through with anything they told me. "It was frustrating because I turned down so many good loans last summer for that reason and they wouldn't let me go. So, it was frustrating. To sit there and waste 12 months, it's criminal really at my age. "I was fuming. But I worked hard off the pitch and on the training pitch to keep improving day in, day out. So I'm really excited to be here. I'm looking forward to the season with Forest." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here