It is understood Prince Harry has put the finishing touches to his book, and has previously said he is keen to tell the first “accurate and wholly truthful” account of his own life. The memoir is rumoured to be released in October, but mystery still surrounds that as there has been no update from his team or his publishers since it was first announced in July 2021. But the prince could face a huge problem as a series of books will reportedly be out at around the same time and could tell different versions of the latter stages of his life in the Royal Family and the circumstances around "Megxit". Celia Walden, a British journalist, novelist, and critic, believes by the time his own book is released later this year, "Harry Fatigue" will set in well before then. She highlighted how the memoir still doesn't feature on the website of online retail giant Amazon, yet every other royal book does. Ms Walden said this is a "strategy" as part of a pre-publication campaign, and believes Penguin is aiming for a "shock drop" game plan, that will involve a "tantalising radio silence followed by a bombardment of Hazza revelations" to tease people into buying it. But the expert warned a "double whammy" could be just around the corner and said: "There’s a problem with this strategy. "The tone has been set by Tom Bower, the author of last month’s headline-grabbing Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, and in a fortnight’s time bestselling writer Catherine Mayer will publish an updated version of her Prince Charles biography – Charles: The Heart of a King – promising readers 'previously unpublished details' around 'Harry and Meghan’s exit'. "In September, another esteemed journalist will provide new insight into the Duke’s last period of royal life. "Valentine Low broke the story about the Duchess of Sussex being accused of bullying staff while at Kensington Palace in 2018 (Meghan’s team have always vigorously denied the accusations) and his sources in Courtiers: The Hidden Power Behind the Crown are likely to be impeccable. "In November, comes a double whammy from two well-known royal experts. Katie Nicholl will publish a forensic examination of the firm in The New Royals, while Angela Levin will publish a biography of the Duchess of Cornwall. READ MORE: Democrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential run "Again, both are expected to include versions of Megxit and, given Levin’s criticism of the Sussexes and rumours that Harry’s autobiography will contain criticism of his stepmother, hers is unlikely to be favourable in their regard." She added in the Daily Telegraph: "It’s enough to make me feel a stab of pity for the prince. "Imagine having 'your truth' drowned out by a load of other people, all telling different versions of that truth, all collectively prompting Harry Fatigue?" Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down from their official royal duties just over two years ago when they moved from the UK to live in California. DON'T MISS Meghan & Harry’s Jubilee body language gave away their true ‘focus’ [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle's close friend shares update on Archie and Lilibet [COMMENTS]Meghan and Harry 'redialling their message' in 'obsessive campaign' [INTERVIEW] But in March 2021, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with chat show legend Oprah Winfrey for a bombshell interview that send shockwaves through royal circles. They alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be-born baby, Archie. Prince William later stressed: “We are very much not a racist family.” During the interview with Oprah, the couple also alleged the Royal Family of ignored Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal. Buckingham Palace issued a rare public statement, which said the claims were “concerning” and would be “addressed by the family privately”. In June, the couple returned together to the UK for the first time since Megxit for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Although they were on the periphery of the celebrations and were not present on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the Trooping the Colour flyover. Harry and Meghan, along with their young children Archie and Lilibet, have reportedly been invited by Her Majesty to visit Balmoral later this year.