They feel the gesture – first introduced in 2020 - has now lost its gravitas. However, some clubs are saying it could still happen for “selected” matches or remain in some watered down form. Why? If players feel it no longer serves a purpose then why keep it in ANY form. Or do some clubs want to keep it for “special occasions” in order to burnish their anti-racist credentials if and when the need arises. Because if that is the case that is not about fighting racism that is about indulging in political grandstanding when it suits them.  I completely understand the motives of some players back in 2020 wanting to take the knee. Footballers - particularly those of colour - understand better than most the evils of racism. In the past – and still today – many have endured it both on and off the pitch. But when someone like John Barnes, who suffered appalling racism in the 80s when he was playing for Liverpool and Watford, says: “Taking the knee is not going to change anything,” then maybe we need to listen. “Is taking the knee going to change someone who is racially biased,” he says. “Of course it isn’t.” Barnes believes the debate over this divisive gesture has distracted from discussing "real change" to tackle racism: "Football can do nothing to change it,” he says. "The whole idea of things changing because Raheem Sterling scores goals and he is going to influence people's thoughts is ridiculous. At the moment we still believe that black people, gay people, women, are not as worthy as white middle class men. "Once we get rid of that – that is not to say we will have equality because we will not, because that is the environment we live in - but it will be fairer in terms of the discrimination.” And he is right. In fact the taking the knee debate has been rumbling on in clubs all over the land for the past year and some players are now vociferously opposed to it. Brentford striker Ivan Toney says players have been used as puppets. Crystal Palace forward, Wilfried Zaha, went further calling it “degrading.” We have even seen fans in English clubs booing players who do it. But what I have always resented is that those who choose not to do it or who disagree with it – be they in football or anywhere else - are branded racists. Footballers started doing it in 2020 in support of Black Lives Matter. But anyone who dared voice concerns about this Marxist, sometimes violent, organisation whose stated aims are to dismantle the nuclear family and defund the police - were slated as bigots who did not care about racism or inequality. But as Barnes says taking the knee does nothing to actually tackle racism. And many agree with him that its gesture politics. So why instead of pointless gestures do the Premier League team bosses not set about changing the footballing institution itself. At the start of the 2021 season Premier League clubs said they would take the knee as a “symbol, of our unity against all forms of racism.” Well maybe the time for mere “symbols” is over. Maybe now is the time to take concerted action inside their own world. They could start by tackling the unbelievable fact that at the end of last year there were just four black and Asian referees in the top four leagues in England. So if Premier League clubs are seriously committed to fighting racism and inequality - and not just talking about it - they could soon sort out THAT glaring inequality on their own doorstep. Then they could look at how racism impacts the game – and then make a plan on how they are going to tackle it. Forget the gestures, the virtue signalling, the platitudes - JUST DO SOMETHING! Because it has become clear this past year that many players are uncomfortable about taking the knee. It does not mean they will not continue to fight racism with their every breath. Nor does it mean they will stand idly by and tolerate it in their ranks. But maybe, just maybe, they no longer want to be used as “puppets” by their clubs to make self-righteous, woke statements that THEY believe to be pointless and divisive. But it is not just footballers who do not want to take the knee. Many more do not want to do it because it was promoted by Black Lives Matter, factions of which are trying to convince anyone who will listen that Britain is a racist cesspit. There are many who feel this organisation does not advocate harmony but disruption and division, a stance for which they could be forgiven for taking having witnessed the often violent BLM protests during lockdown. Many blatantly broke lockdown rules and although hundreds were arrested – few were charged. Instead, police officers who were supposed to be keeping the peace during these protests subjugated themselves by kneeling in the face of the threatening mob. We were told they were doing it “in solidarity” with them. Sorry, but it is not the police’s job to support rowdy protestors. It is their job to patrol them and arrest those who break the law. They did not. Instead, they knelt in front of them and for many people, I suspect that is when the antipathy towards taking the knee took root.  The bottom line is that fighting racism is about fighting  erroneous perceptions. John Barnes says more footballers should follow the example of Marcus Rashford whose campaign for free meals for underprivileged children during the school holidays forced the Government into a U-turn. "He used his platform to talk about people less fortunate than himself," says Barnes. And THAT is the kind of direct action which eats away at racism – not gestures and protests that achieve nothing.