On The Buses star, Anna Karen, died at the age of 85 in a house fire at her home in February. The actress, who played Aunt Sal in EastEnders, has left the majority of her fortune to Sophie Lawrence, it has been claimed. Sophie, 50, played Diane Butcher in the BBC soap and was a regular from 1988 to 1991. The late star – whose real name was Ann Duggan – also appeared in EastEnders between 1996 and 2017, playing Aunt Sal, sister of Peggy Mitchell, played by Barbara Windsor. Her character, who was the aunt of Grant and Phil Mitchell, was usually seen turning up at family weddings and parties. Anna was also known for her role as Olive in the 70s comedy, On The Buses. READ MORE: Coleen Rooney denies Photoshop claims after fan fury ‘She's floating!' In probate records obtained by MailOnline, Anna is said to have left £427,197, to her former co-star, adding she would receive 65 per cent of the late soap star's estate. Anna's will left a further fifth of the residuary of her estate to her stepdaughter Gloria Gill, the daughter of her actor husband Terry Duggan, who died in 2008. Another eighth was left to four other friends or relatives and the final 2.5 per cent was left to the Actors' Benevolent Fund. Earlier this year, Anna died in a house fire started by a cigarette, according to reports.  Following her death, her family told the same publication: "We are absolutely horrified at the news about Anna." A spokesperson for London Fire Brigade confirmed the death in a statement released at the time. It read: "Sadly, a woman has died following a house fire on Windsor Road in Ilford." They added: "Part of the ground floor of a mid-terrace house was damaged by fire. Sadly a woman was pronounced dead at the scene. The Brigade was called at 2240 and the fire was under control by 2338. Three fire engines and around 20 firefighters from Ilford and Barking fire stations attended the incident. The cause of the fire is under investigation." DON'T MISS... Jayne Mansfield stuns in famous leopard print bikini in unearthed pics[LATEST]Megan Fox leaves little to the imagination in revealing cut-out gown[PICTURES]Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck tie the knot in lavish second ceremony[HOLLYWOOD] It was said neighbours believed the blaze was caused by a cigarette after she fell asleep while smoking. Anna was the only surviving cast member left who had worked on the legendary 1960s and 1970s sitcom On The Buses, which ended in 1973. The actress played Olive and she was featured in all 74 episodes of the hit show. She also appeared in On The Buses, the highest-grossing film in 1971, plus its two follow-ups – Mutiny on the Buses and Holiday on the Buses. However, she was not known solely for that role. She also appeared in the film comedies Carry On Camping and Carry On Loving, and had her role as Olive transferred to another workplace TV sitcom, The Rag Trade, in 1977 and 1978. Anna, who was born in South Africa, performed as a striptease artist to pay her way through drama school. She also once toured with her co-star Sophie in the comedy show Bazaar & Rummage, based on a book by Sue Townsend.