Carol Kirkwood forecasted a dry and humid day in the south of the country with top temperatures set to reach up to “30C degrees, possibly a little bit more”. Referring to the northern areas of the UK, Ms Kirkwood warned that “thundery showers” and “heavy downpours” are expected to hit Scotland, Northern Ireland, and northern England as we go through the course of the day. As we move into overnight and Wednesday, “a few showers” will come in, resulting in “fresher” weather for the UK, especially across the northern half of the country. Ms Kirkwood forecasted: “Quite a humid start of the day. “It will be fairly humid. “We will see some sunshine coming through and it will feel quite humid. “Temperatures getting up to 30C degrees, possibly a little bit more in the southeast but widely we are into the 20s or indeed the mid-20s. “We’ve got some rainfall this morning. “Britain should brighten up as we go through the course of the day but with a blustery wind. “You can also see from the isobars it is going to be a windy day today as well. “The rain has been pushing steadily east. READ MORE: Leafy UK town shaken as 'teenage boy stabbed to death' in street “We’ve got some thundery showers which have moved out of Northern Ireland. “Some heavy downpours across Scotland, and they’re sinking south across northern England. “July was southern England’s driest July on record. “Records go back to 1836, and there’s not been any measurable rain at all. DON'T MISS:Face the facts! Fury erupts as EU throws Dublin under the bus [WATCH]SNP MP blasts Truss after she slams Sturgeon in race to replace Boris [LISTEN]Furious 'Irexiteers' lose patience with EU [INSIGHT] “If you’re looking for it in the next few days, while there’s none in the south, we will see some rainfall in other parts of the country.” Through this evening and overnight, she said: “One of our weather fronts sinking south will be a weak feature. “It’s taking its cloud in its patchy rain with it. “The front comes into the northwest bringing in some showers, some of these will merge to give longer spells of rain.” Referring to tomorrow, she warned: “We’ve got the dregs of the weather front sinking south as a band of clouds. “Sunshine following behind, a few showers coming in and it’s going to feel fresher across the northern half of the country. “It’s going to feel quite humid in the south with highs up to about 28C degrees. “For the rest of the week, things are going to be a bit more settled with top temperatures around 26C degrees”. READ NEXT: Liz Truss war on Whitehall waste could save taxpayers £11billionSturgeon desperately begs for more money after creating 'black hole'GB News: Stanley Johnson warns Boris' comeback blocked by plotters Russia panics as ex-Putin ally suddenly taken ill after leaving MoscowBiden claims 'justice delivered' as US airstrike kills Al Qaeda leader