Cristiano Ronaldo has been left ‘disappointed’ by the fact he has no clubs chasing him after Atletico Madrid distanced themselves from signing the Manchester United forward this summer. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner is desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer in favour of a move to a team playing in the Champions League. The Red Devils have been firm with Ronaldo and vocal to the wider community that he is not for sale at any price, with Erik ten Hag envisioning the Portugal captain spearheading his attack in the upcoming campaign. But the player and his team are still attempting to orchestrate a move away. Jorge Mendes, Ronaldo’s agent, has held talks with Bayern Munich and Chelsea so far this summer – though neither side pressed on with making a move. Atletico Madrid have also been heavily linked with the former Juventus star, though they have also ‘turned the page’ on a move according to Radioestadio Noche. They report that very few at Atletico believe that an agreement could be reached for the forward and, if it was possible, are not keen on the idea either. The news has ‘disappointed’ Ronaldo, especially as no other team appears to have registered their interest in the former Real Madrid star - despite some tentative links to Napoli and an offer on the table from Saudi Arabia. JUST IN: Chelsea get Barcelona transfer revenge after 'top secret' tactics The news of no interested parties means that Ronaldo is incredibly unlikely to leave the club before the start of the Premier League campaign, as he would like. AS reported that the player had set a ‘deadline’ of the upcoming weekend for when he would like his future to be decided. United take on Brighton and Hove Albion on Sunday in their first game of the season, and they will be keen to set the tone for the rest of the season with a victory. Whether Ten Hag decides to play Ronaldo or not remains to be seen, especially after his antics in pre-season. READ MORE: Man Utd may get Frenkie de Jong transfer progress in next week The forward was spotted leaving Old Trafford before the final whistle had even sounded after playing 45 minutes against Rayo Vallecano last weekend. Asked about Ronaldo leaving mid-game, Ten Hag told Viaplay: “There were more who did this [leave early]. “Absolutely not [I didn't accept it]. This is unacceptable. I tell them this, that's unacceptable. We are a team. We are a squad. You have to stay until the end."