The Monégasque royals are famed for their exquisite jewellery, and Princess Grace of Monaco's enormous engagement ring is the stuff of jewellery legend. So it was only fitting that Prince Albert of Monaco selected a stunning ring for his future wife Charlene Wittstock in 2010. Princess Charlene of Monaco's beautiful engagement ring features a pear-cut diamond nestled between clusters of extra glistening stones. Pear-cut diamonds, also known as teardrop or pendeloque cuts, are famed for their timeless qualities. And as many would expect for a royal bride-to-be, the ring Albert selected for Charlene is thought to be worth a staggering sum. The ring's exceptional value may be one of the reasons why Charlene regularly opts not to wear it.  READ MORE: Princess Charlene is 'glowing' in colourful dress - 'She looks happy' Princess Charlene has been pictured on several occasions without her stunning rock over the years, sometimes opting for a pearl ring or no ring at all. Jeremy Hinds, Sales Director of jewellery experts F. Hinds, said: “Princess Charlene of Monaco’s bespoke piece has been rumoured to have been designed by jeweller Repossi back in 2010. "The impressive three-carat, pear-cut diamond is edged by a collection of smaller diamonds in two triangle arrangements either side of the centre stone. "Despite the stunning elegance of the design, Princess Charlene is rarely seen wearing the piece in public, perhaps wanting to protect the estimated £55,000 value of the ring.”  The huge central stone draws comparisons to the famous engagement ring that belonged to her late mother-in-law, Grace Kelly. Princess Grace's diamond engagement ring from Prince Rainier III of Monaco was actually the second ring he had gifted her to mark their impending nuptials. The first ring Grace received was a diamond and ruby eternity ring from the royal collection, which represented the colours of Monaco's flag.  DON'T MISS:Princess Charlene spotted wearing wedding gift from Albert - pictures [INSIGHT]Princess Diana broke convention with 'common' style choice in 1981 [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton had Princess Diana's 'heirloom' engagement ring altered [PICTURES] But in the film High Society, Grace was filmed wearing her second engagement ring, an enormous diamond number. The ring featured a 10.5-carat emerald-cut diamond, complemented by the addition of a baguette diamond on either side. Made by Cartier, experts estimate the ring could be worth more than £30million today in the unlikely event Monaco's royal family ever parted with it. The ring remains in the possession of the House of Grimaldi since Grace's death in 1982. 