Disney+ Day 2022 has been confirmed, with the House of Mouse revealing the event celebrating the Netflix and Prime Video rival is just weeks away from launching. Disney+ Day is a yearly event which celebrates the launch of the streaming service which debuted almost three years ago. In 2021 Disney+ Day - which also brought with it a bargain £1.99 a deal - launched in November, however things are changing in 2022. Disney has confirmed that Disney+ Day this year will be launching on September 8 2022 - that's two months earlier than before. It remains to be seen whether any special offers will be running for Disney+ Day and whether last year's £1.99 deal will be making a comeback. This incredible offer slashed the monthly price of a Disney+ membership from £7.99 to just £1.99. And best of all, unlike similar deals this offer wasn't just available to new subscribers - even if you had a Disney+ membership before and then took a break you could sign-up to this deal. If you've been thinking of signing up to Disney+ for awhile then there will also be plenty of new releases coming on Disney+ Day to entice you over. The highest profile addition will be the addition of Thor Love And Thunder to Disney+. This Marvel blockbuster only hit cinemas for the first time a few months ago in July. Elsewhere, Disney+ Day will also see Obi-Wan Kenobi: A Jedi’s Return, Pinocchio and She-Hulk: Attorney at Law getting added to the library of Disney+ Day. You can find details on all the releases planned for September 8 below... DISNEY+ DAY PREMIERES Thor: Love and Thunder, Marvel Studios Assembled: The Making of Thor: Love and Thunder, Obi-Wan Kenobi: A Jedi’s Return, Frozen” and Frozen 2 Sing-Alongs, new The Simpsons short Welcome to the Club, Tierra Incognita, Pinocchio, She-Hulk: Attorney at Law, Cars on the Road, Growing Up, Epic Adventures with Bertie Gregory, Wedding Season, Mike At Disneyland Paris and Walt Disney World Resort in Florida and Disneyland Resort in California there will also be special events to commemorate Disney+ Day. Disney+ inspired character meet-and-greets, photo opportunities and more will be available at the Disney theme parks.