On board were pilot Richard Styles, 52, and four Albanians, who had opted for a new smuggling route much safer and more comfortable than the hazardous Channel crossings by boat or hidden in a lorry. After landing, the three men and a woman – aged from 21 to 64 – got into a taxi, which was pulled over by police who arrested the driver and detained the Albanians.  Intelligence sources have cited an increase in private planes flying in the early hours from small airfields in northern France to those in the UK, with migrants charged from £12,000 a head. Details of the case emerged during the prosecution of Styles at Leicester Crown Court last Monday. He awaits sentence after pleading guilty to one count of assisting unlawful immigration. It is not known if the Albanians he brought here were deported or joined an ever-growing number making asylum applications. In the year to the end of March 2021 there were just under 3,000 applications from Albanians in England and Wales. For the same period to last March this rose to around 5,000, more than from Syrians and Afghans, and fourth behind Iran, Iraq and Eritrea. Although not a country at war, the Home Office approved more than half (53 per cent) of Albanian applications in the last financial year. This month a leaked Royal Navy report showed that close to 40 per cent of migrants crossing the Channel in boats are Albanian, accounting for 1,075 of the 2,863 who crossed between June 1 and July 12 this year. The reason is thought to stem from the first wave of their countrymen and women arriving as the war in neighbouring Kosovo raged in 1998-99. Albania had faced its own problems after the collapse of communism in 1990.  Promised reforms were too slow and the gov­ernment fell in 1997, leading to prolonged instability. Many sought to escape and when genuine Koso­­vans fled the war they were joined by thousands from Albania who tricked their way in with fake IDs. Between 1997 and 1999 nearly 20,000 asylum claims were made in the UK by Kosovans but it has since emerged that many came from Albania. Ahmet Erdi, senior lecturer for politics and international relations at London Metropolitan University, has focused his research on the Balkans. He said there had been minor Albanian migration to the UK from the 1950s, so when the opportunity of mass migration arose during the war, the UK was a magnet owing to high numbers of English speakers and the established small communities. Mr Erdi said: “Albania is one of the most developed Balkan societies and quite well educated, with most people capable of speaking English. “At the time there was no prejudice here, unlike in New York, where they were seen as the Mafia. “The UK is a shining star to Albanians compared to the EU. When they were at school, the books were in English, so they were always thinking about the UK. They know Harrods and fish and chips, they don’t know Germany the same way.” He puts the recent surge in migration down to the impact of Covid on the Albanian economy which has struggled to recover, compared with the UK’s which they see as strong. He added: “Albanian people in the lower middle classes are looking for new opportunities here.”  Aside from the high-profile illegal Channel crossings, he said there are many Albanians here legitimately on student visas and also working visas, such as those in education and software engineering. However, with Albanian migration also came a black economy and organised crime. Among the migrants claiming to be from Kosovo were several convicted serious criminals, including murderers, who had been able to escape from Albanian prisons or bribe their way out. The National Crime Agency (NCA) says the majority of Kosovan refugees were actually Albanians. From 1998 hundreds of girls who had worked for Albanian crime gangs as prostitutes across Europe began to arrive in Soho’s red light district. The Sunday Express tracked more than 10 recent extradition requests from the capital Tirana for fugitives to serve sentences for serious crimes, including murder, committed there in the late 1990s. In the latest, Ilirian Zeqaj, 49, is wanted in Albania in connection with the “revenge murders” of two brothers in 1999. He was living in Hanwell, west London, when he was detained on an international arrest warrant earlier this year. Westminster Magistrates Court heard he was given asylum after coming to the UK in November 1999 under a false Kosovan alias. He was later convicted of the double murder in his absence and sentenced to 23 years in prison. The case is continuing.  Albanian crime networks involved in drugs, people smuggling and other crimes have also flourished in the UK. Since 2020 they have become the largest number of foreign national offenders within our prison system, according to the NCA. One major crime family active in the UK are the Dauti clan. Fatjon Dauti was among the 1998 arrivals and was aged 14 when he settled in north London. Despite never being convicted of any offences here, in 2019 Home Secretary Priti Patel deemed him a threat to national security and banned him from returning. He vehemently denied involvement in organised crime and appealed to the Special Immigration Appeal Commission. The case last year heard NCA evidence that he was in the upper echelons of cocaine supply and cannabis production and linked to people smugglers. An unnamed NCA officer said in a statement that in the past two decades Albanian gangs had taken over cocaine supply and cannabis production in most parts ofthis country and are involved in firearms and human trafficking, and smuggling cash to Albania. In April, this newspaper revealed social media platform TikTok was awash with adverts from Albanian people-smuggling gangs targeting fellow citizens with offers of “guaranteed” Channel crossings in lorries, dinghies, speed boats and even planes. Dauti’s cousin Alket, 34, from Penge, south-east London, was unmasked as a people-smuggling boss when he was extradited to Belgium to serve a 10-year sentence in January 2019. He was a forerunner of the Albanian people-smuggling networks now flooding TikTok with adverts.  Although there is no war to flee from and Albania has been a Nato member since 2009, and is in talks about joining the EU, corruption and poverty remain issues. Many asylum applications made by Albanians to the UK are on the grounds that they are at risk from a blood feud, which travels down family lines, for being homosexual, or from traffickers. Young Albanians are being promised better lives in the UK, only to be exploited by criminal gangs from their own country who force them to pay off the cost of ­getting here by growing or selling drugs, working in car washes or by making women work in prostitution. Many of the new migrants come from Kukes, in the mountainous north of Albania, known locally as Little London due to the huge numbers of its 17,000 population with links to the UK. Its streets are often filled with British-registered performance cars and the young men showing them off on trips back home speak English with an urban London accent, according to locals. In November 2019, Tony Saggers, the NCA former head of drug threat and intelligence, assessed the extent of Albanian crime groups involved in drug supply in the EU for the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction. He wrote: “Within the criminal elements of Albanian-speaking communities, the use of adults as cheap labour and of women within the sex industry has become commonplace. This commonly, but not exclusively, involves persons from Albanian-speaking origins.”  The Home Office said: “People should always claim asylum in the first safe country they reach rather than risk their lives and line the pockets of ruthless criminal gangs to cross the Channel. “We work with the Albanian government on a range of issues, including signing a historic agreement to remove Albanian nationals with no right to be in the UK in 2021. “Since then we have removed nearly 1,000 Albanian foreign national offenders with more being removed as recently as Friday, including some who crossed the Channel illegally to come to the UK.” Yet despite what may seem to be a grim trade in one-way trafficking, a homegrown tourist industry has also seen young Brits flocking to Albania, lured by cheap prices, blue seas and Unesco world heritage sites. TikTok videos showing southern beach resort Ksamil have clocked up more than 60 million views and booking platform Skyscanner says year-to-date bookings to the country are up 96 per cent, compared with the same period in 2019. It is also one of the last true budget destinations in Europe with a three-course meal for €10 still available in some places. 