Visiting the cottage, Homes Under the Hammer presenter Martin Roberts said: “Overlooking the Kent countryside is the property I’m here to see, it’s £180,000 to £190,000. It’s a mid-terrace, doesn’t look huge, but let’s go and explore.” Upon entering, viewers got to see the state of the home. It was extremely dated with floral carpet and artex on almost every wall. Martin added: “You’ve got a really big space in the living room. My gosh, the house is immediately bigger than it looks on the outside.” The house also had an extension at the rear of the property which could be used as another living or dining area. The kitchen was also in need of modernisation with dark wooden cabinets. Martin said the house was a “surprise” and just kept on going. Outside there was a decent sized garden and an outbuilding which was situated to the side of the garden. READ MORE: How to water the garden without using a hose Upstairs there were two bedrooms and a family bathroom which had an orange suite and burgundy carpet. Despite needing a lot of work, the property had great potential and didn’t need too much work on the exterior. So who purchased the property when it went to market? The lucky buyer was Jane who bought the property for £228,000. Meeting her at the home, Martin wanted to find out what plans Jane had for the property. She said she was interested in the property for its “handy” location. DON'T MISS:Interior: Paint colours to avoid in the bedroom [EXPERT]Follow the ‘odd number rule’ when placing houseplants inside [COMMENT]Houseplant expert shares ‘best’ way to water indoor plants [EXPLAINER] Jane added: “As far as the front room is concerned, we want to do a sympathetic restoration. We’re keeping the fireplace. “We’re going to put central heating in the whole house with a gas boiler and definitely going to be carpeting in there.” The homeowner also had plans to completely rip out the bathroom and start from scratch. With a timescale of around three months, Jane had a budget of £25,000 to get the work done. Homes Under the Hammer revisited the cottage once the work had been completed. Martin said: “Wow, I am doubting no more. What a fantastic job. The cottage has been sympathetically restored, retaining all the charming features whilst replacing all the irritating bits. READ MORE: How often you should clean behind the sofa - ‘dirtiest area’ “The list of works carried out in this impressive renovation is extensive.” There’s a new modern kitchen with handy storage cupboards to hide all the clutter. With some clever adjustments, an extra bedroom was fitted in upstairs too. A modern bathroom had been fitted with colours including beige and oak to stick with the natural colour theme throughout. In the master bedroom on the third floor, an en-suite was also fitted. Jane said: “In the end, I spent nearer £90,000 with labour and materials. They are higher standards and I’m quite happy with that.” Despite going over budget, the homeowner said she could still be in for a hefty profit. She explained: “We’ve had a valuation at £375,000. I will easily get £375,000, if not more.” That means Jane could be in for a profit of £57,000. The homeowner has also increased the home’s value by £147,000.