NHS worker Claire from Westminster claimed that there were a shortage of NHS workers due to Brexit, as many foreign workers could not flow freely into the UK in order to work anymore. Caller Claire claimed that if the UK needed doctors and nurses, we should have never left the EU and went on to discuss the cost of training new doctors and nurses and the length of time it takes with Matthew Wright. There has been backlash over the Government's failed promise to deliver £350million a week for NHS workers. Claire told LBC: "If we wanted our health service, our national health service staffed properly we shouldn't have left the EU. "Where we used to get... And as a hospital worker, I know that we used to have a free flow of staff coming from the EU into us. "If we want dentists if we want nurses, if we want doctors we should never have left the EU." Mr Wright said: "Well don't forget, so to play fair by the Brexiteers, they have argued all the way through both up to... That it would take time.  JUST IN: British special forces teaching Zelensky's forces 'French resistance' tactic     "That they were going to train up new Doctors and as I said in my original introduction, Sajid Javid and Boris Johnson they said 6,000. "We lost another thousand, so that didn't happen and before Sajid Javid, Jeremy Hunt the health secretary promised 5,000 by 2022, and that didn't happen." Claire from Westminster added: "We can train our junior doctors but it takes five years plus two years to specialise." Mr Wright said: "And money, money!"  READ MORE:'Get a spine!' Keir Starmer faces backlash from trade unions following picket line ban Brexit has impacted certain sectors in the UK like farming and the NHS as both of these sectors have been relying on foreign workers from Europe joining the workforce. The NHS has been facing a lack of NHS staff which includes doctors and nurses, meaning systems have been backed up and some Britons have struggled to get appointments. Boris Johnson's Government promised more money for NHS workers, money which many have not seen. NHS workers were promised £350m a week when Britain left the EU, a promise which has not come to fruition. DON’T MISS: 'Hawkish stance!' Liz Truss set to declare China an official threat if she wins No10 race[INSIGHT] Prince Charles attends traditional church service at Balmoral during break with Queen [REVEAL] Liverpool organised crime: Merseyside Police confirm 170 arrests in 'relentless' clampdown [SPOTLIGHT]     Many agree with caller NHS worker caller Claire from Westminster and have also slammed the British Government for what they claim are Brexit failings. Lord Alan Sugar wrote on Twitter: "The biggest liars in 2016 was Boris and Gove with the red bus. They should both go to Jail. "As a chairman of a public company if I mislead or lied to my shareholders ( in this case the public ) I would be sent to jail." Lord Sugar then quote tweeted an image that read: "Brexit has not worked. There are no opportunities. It was all based on lies. The sooner we admit this the better."  READ NEXT