Having high cholesterol means you have too much of a fatty substance called cholesterol in the blood. An excess of cholesterol can cause blockages in your blood vessels, ultimately leading to heart attacks or strokes. Although lifestyle changes, such as eating a healthy diet and exercising more, can improve your cholesterol levels, many people are also prescribed statins. A study undertaken by academics from universities in China and the US discovered that people who stopped taking statins after a while were more at risk of heart attacks, strokes and even death. The research, published in the Annals of Internal Medicine in 2017, analysed a cohort of more than 28,000 patients from Massachusetts. It found that three in 10 of them stopped taking statins after experiencing side effects, which participants presumed to be due to the drugs. As a result 8.5 percent of them experienced a cardiovascular event, such as a heart attack or stroke, within four years.  READ MORE: Taking two vitamin supplements together found to increase cancer risk by almost 30% - BMJ But of the people who continued taking statins, 7.6 percent suffered the same outcomes. It also reported that 6.6 percent of people who stopped taking statins died of all causes, which was also higher than the 5.4 percent of those who kept taking them. There was no information on what the causes of death were. Overall, that accounts for a 1.7 percent difference in either serious health conditions or death as a result in stopping the medication, compared to continuing.  In an editorial about the research, published in the same journal, Cleveland Clinic cardiologist Doctor Steven Nissen said: "That's a very significant number. "Those kinds of numbers are typically what we see for very effective therapies." Common side effects of statins include: READ MORE: Diabetes: 7 common fruits that can be 'dangerous' - run the risk of blood sugar spikes  Less common complications are: The NHS recommends discussing the benefits and risks of taking statins with your doctor before taking them. But the health service also expresses how the use of statins could effectively reduce your risk of major health issues.  It says: “The risks of any side effects also have to be balanced against the benefits of preventing serious problems. “A review of scientific studies into the effectiveness of statins found around one in every 50 people who take the medicine for five years will avoid a serious event, such as a heart attack or stroke, as a result.” Other ways to reduce cholesterol include: 