Samsung fans only have a few hours left to secure the bombastic preorder deals on the latest foldable Galaxy phones! Time is running out to take advantage of the best Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4 deals and best Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 deals as these promotions will end when both devices launch tomorrow, August 26. If you place a preorder in the next few hours, you'll be able to secure up to £580 off the cost of these flagship foldable, a free Disney+ subscription, a free S Pen stylus, and Samsung Care+ for one year! For those eyeballing the Galaxy Z Fold 4, Samsung is offering up to £580 off when you trade in your old handset. Unbelievably, your old phone doesn't even need to be working for it to qualify for cashback under Samsung's supercharged new scheme. You'll get a guaranteed £250 trade-in value for any phone. This preorder deal definitely makes the price of the Galaxy Z Flip 4 and Galaxy Z Fold 4 (which start from £999 and £1,649 SIM-free, respectively) much more manageable. Better yet, Samsung offers a number of interest-free payment plans to reduce the cost into small monthly repayments too. Unsure about whether to preorder the latest foldable from Samsung? Read our in-depth Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4 review for the definitive verdict on the fourth-generation flip phone. Besides the trade-in deal, Samsung is also giving away £100 vouchers to use on its official online store with both of its new Galaxy Z phones. These deals run out after today, so you'll need to pre-order your Z Flip 4 or Z Fold 4 before August 26 to take advantage of these money-saving offers. If you're looking to trade-in your old Samsung phone to get money off the Galaxy Z Flip 4 or Galaxy Z Fold 4 it's an easy process to start which you can begin when you order your new Samsung phone. You'll be able to let Samsung know online what phone you're trading in and be able to post it free of charge via a returns pack that is sent to your doorstep. As mentioned above, Samsung also lets you pay off the cost of your new phone with interest free monthly payments, which helps make the Z Fold 4 and Z Flip 4 even more affordable. You will be able to spread the cost across 12 to 36 monthly payments. If you want to get the huge trade-in saving and get a free £100 voucher you need to act quick though, as these deals end after Thursday August 25. Another promotional offer, which lets you save 25% on a pair of Galaxy Buds 2 Pro or a Galaxy Watch 5, when you order a Z Flip 4 or Z Fold 4 also ends after Thursday. While some deals on the Galaxy Z Flip 4 and Galaxy Z Fold 4 are ending this week, others will be sticking around for a while longer. Both the Z Flip 4 and Z Fold 4 come with 12 months Disney+ free access, as well as a year's worth of Samsung Care+ for free. The former will let you access hit Disney+ movies and boxsets such as WandaVision, Prey and The Mandalorian without paying a penny, while the latter gives you added piece of mind by giving you free repairs which cover things like accidental water damage, battery replacements and worldwide theft cover. These freebies are available until September 30. You will also be able to get 20% off a Samsung SmartTag when you purchase a Z Flip 4 or Z Fold 4 before this date. And finally, if you order a Z Fold 4 there's another money-saving offer you can take advantage of for a few months. Until the end of this year you'll be able to claim a free Note Pack with purchases of the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 from the Samsung website. This includes a free case, S Pen and a charger and is worth £89.99. This freebie is valid until December 31 2022. MORE LIKE THIS