Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag turned down the chance to sign Gini Wijnaldum before his move to Roma, according to reports. The Red Devils are actively pursuing the signing of a new central midfielder with a move for Adrien Rabiot currently in the works. Yet it appears United could have actually signed former Liverpool star Wijnaldum, who was recently offloading by Paris Saint-Germain. The Dutch maestro has joined Roma on an initial loan with an option to buy that will become an obligation, should the Italian side qualify for the Champions League. According to Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol, Wijnaldum was actually keen to join United before Ten Hag turned his nose up at the deal. He said on the Transfer Show: "Also, I've been told that Ten Hag turned down the chance to sign Gini Wijnaldum from PSG. READ MORE: Man Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer "We saw last week that Gini Wijnaldum has agreed a deal to join up with Roma and Jose Mourinho. "I've been told that United were offered the chance to sign the player, who has won the title with Liverpool and Champions League. "But Erik ten Hag didn't want him, even though the player was willing to move to Manchester United." Now United have agreed a fee with Juventus for France international midfielder Rabiot worth in the region of £15m. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer Talks are still ongoing over personal terms though with his mother Veronique Rabiot, a key obstacle that must be resolved before the transfer is completed. Ten Hag is believed to have been central to United's pursuit of the Juventus man and the signing already has his approval. United, somewhat surprisingly, are still yet to give up on the potential capture of Frenkie de Jong - despite his desire to remain at Barcelona. However, an ugly legal situation is potentially unfolding between the Catalan giants and player - a saga that could push him closer to the exit door. Yet if De Jong was to depart Barca this summer, he would favour a move to Chelsea where Champions League football is currently on offer. The Red Devils have already agreed a £72m package with Barcelona but the player is yet to commit to a move to Old Trafford. Instead, he remains locked in talks with Barcelona over a potential salary reduction that would enable the board to register the club's new signings. Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz is believed to be regarded as a potential alternative to De Jong should a transfer fail to bear fruit, though he is closing in on a move to PSG. 