Writing on their official Twitter page, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said on Monday: "What a night! Just brilliant".  As many as 17.4million people tuned in to watch the Lionesses battle it out on the pitch against Germany - claiming the first ever victory of the European Championships. The record viewing figures, which were up 58 percent from the previous Euros, have made history for the sport. The Lionesses' official Twitter account wrote: "17.4 MILLION. Witnessing HISTORY!". The Duke of Cambridge, who is the president of the Football Association, presented the Lionesses with the trophy at Wembley Stadium after their triumph against eight-time winner Germany.  Prince William posted a touching tribute to the team after their victory, writing: "Sensational. An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations! W". Following England's 2-1 win after extra time, the team's Twitter account (@Lionesses) wrote: "WE HAVE DONE IT." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge account replied: "Yes you have and you’ve inspired a nation too." The Queen also sent a message of congratulations to England's Lionesses after the night's fantastic achievement, calling the team an "inspiration" for the "future generations". READ MORE: Sporty Kate! Best pictures of Duchess as she takes to the seas     The monarch's message read: "My warmest congratulations, and those of my family, go to you all on winning the European Women's Football Championships. "It is a significant achievement for the entire team, including your support staff. "The Championships and your performance in them have rightly won praise. "However, your success goes far beyond the trophy you have so deservedly earned."      Ahead of the game, Prince William and his daughter, Princess Charlotte, issued a heartfelt message to the team. During the video, the youngster said: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye". Meanwhile, William added: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we're rooting for you all the way." 