Valencia will reportedly aid Tottenham's transfer plans by finalising the return of Bryan Gil over the coming days but have decided to snub a move for Harry Winks, who will also be allowed to leave north London this summer. Antonio Conte is said to be keen on trimming his squad after bringing in plenty of new faces since the end of last season, with Gil and Winks believed to be among the names on the chopping block. Gil has struggled to hold down a regular first-team place at Tottenham since joining the club from Sevilla at the start of last season and spent the second half of the campaign on loan at Valencia. The Spaniard is now set to return to the Mestalla on a temporary basis once again and is expected to fly out to rubber-stamp the finer details of the move over the coming days, according to AS.Valencia have been working on another move for Gil for a number of months but are finally close to reaching a final agreement with Tottenham and the deal is expected to be pushed through in the not-too-distant future. However, the La Liga outfit are reportedly set to pass up on the signing of Winks, who has also been linked with an exit over the course of this summer.The former England midfielder was said to have been a target for Valencia earlier in the window but has been removed from their list of potential signings in order to allow the capture of Edinson Cavani on a free transfer. Valencia will instead chase a move for Benfica midfielder Andre Almeida, who is said to be demanding a lower salary than Winks and has emerged as an alternative option as a result. JUST IN: CL group stage draw: When is it? Who can Liverpool, Chelsea face? Although Gil's impending departure will free up some space in Tottenham's dressing room, it remains to be seen whether Winks will follow suit ahead of next week's all-important transfer deadline. The latter is said to be one of four players to have been banished from first-team training sessions by Antonio Conte, who recently managed to shift Tanguy Ndombele from the club's books by sending him on loan to Napoli until the end of the season.Everton have recently been credited with a desire to land Winks but are not believed to be in advanced negotiations with Tottenham at this stage of proceedings. The player is said to have been valued at around £20million by his current employers, but it seems as though Spurs could be forced to accept a lower fee in exchange for Winks if they are serious about letting him go before the summer transfer window slams shut. Tottenham have welcomed no shortage of new faces since the end of last season, with outgoings now the main priority facing Conte in the final days of the market. The Italian coach recently admitted that he has been left impressed by the club's transfer business over the last few weeks as he aims to lead Spurs to another top-four finish in the Premier League over the course of the new campaign."For sure we are trying to do things with common sense," Conte told reporters. "I know only this way. It's not simple. You have to try to not make mistakes, especially in the transfer window with the club."But I think we're doing good things. If you want to fight for important achievements, then you have to work and work to improve in every moment to improve the club." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here