Julia Bradbury, 52, has admitted that she felt very "depleted" after she had her mastectomy, following her battle with breast cancer. The former Countryfile presenter has spoken in a new interview about the operation and how she could "barely lift her arms" following the surgery. Julia has been very open about her breast cancer journey to increase awareness since she was first diagnosed in September last year. Speaking in a new interview about her love for the outdoors, she revealed: "When I had my mastectomy I was very depleted, and I could barely move - I could barely lift my arms. "But I made sure every single day, post my operation, that I was outside. "Even if it was five minutes, walking to the end of the garden and just sitting there. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "Then I’d gradually walk a bit further and then I’d make it to the park, and that was a big deal at the time. "This is where I was really pushing myself physically now because I was back out there, and it was massively healing, rejuvenating and helpful but I also found being outdoors incredibly soothing from an emotional point of view", she told GO Outdoors. Julia is currently enjoying a family holiday in Greece after her recent reconstruction surgery. She looked incredible in a bright yellow two-piece bikini set, posing alongside her daughter. She went make-up free, flaunting her youthful complexion, while keeping her hair tucked away in a neat ponytail. The TV personality then posted another picture sunbathing in a red bikini on the beach waving to the camera. She captioned the video: "Making memories. So grateful for this time with my family. "Greece always leaves a feeling of home and more." DON'T MISS... Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Johnny Depp 're-signs seven-figure deal' with Dior Sauvage [HOLLYWOOD] 'Nipple popped out' Love Island star Ekin-Su's 'wardrobe malfunction' [PICS] The mastectomy surgery Julia underwent in October removed her breast plus two lymph glands. She previously spoke about the process in a video on her socials last month, where she left time for reflection. "I'm in my little garden. I can feel the sunshine on my face and I can't tell how good it feels. This is my rejuvenation", she said to the camera. Julia captioned the video: "This time last year I had discovered a lump in my left breast but after two mammograms I didn't have a breast cancer diagnosis. I didn't know my cancer was 'invisible to mammograms'. "The 6cm tumour was in a tricky location & I have dense breasts. Cancer on a mammogram shows up white, my dense breasts show up white. "As one doctor described it: 'it's like looking for a snowflake in a snow storm'. "A further consultation included an ultrasound & discovered the mass. This film is me the day I got home after my mastectomy. "I made a promise to myself that I would get outside every day of my life after the operation, even if it's just standing in the garden, or doing a little shuffle outside." To read and watch the interview in full, please see here: https://blog.gooutdoors.co.uk/how-the-outdoors-benefits-mental-health-with-julia-bradbury/