Anthony Gordon must stay at Everton for at least another season, according to Danny Murphy. Chelsea want to sign the Merseyside-born star but Murphy has advised him to avoid repeating the same mistake Francis Jeffers did when leaving Everton for Arsenal 21 years ago. The Toffees want up to £60million for Gordon ahead of the summer window shutting on Thursday. But Frank Lampard is desperate for the player to stay and continues to pick him in his starting XI. Gordon has had just one full season in the first team at Goodison Park. Murphy believes he would be much better off sticking it out for at least this campaign as he continues to learn his trade as a regular starter. The pundit has also compared the situation to when Jeffers left Everton for Arsenal in 2001. Jeffers moved to Highbury aged 20 with a growing reputation but failed to make it as a star under Arsene Wenger. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical  Murphy said on talkSPORT: “I think, for the lad, he will benefit more from playing another year at Everton, definitely. Because he’s gonna play every game, he’s already super confident, the fans love him, he’s comfortable, he doesn’t have to prove himself again, he’s got that already. “And he’s gonna gain so much experience by playing 90 minutes every week, rather than 12 minutes here and 30 minutes here. He’s gonna learn more. "The best example of that was a good mate of mine, Franny Jeffers, who left Everton too quickly. He would have benefited from staying longer because he was a super talent." Murphy is a big fan of Gordon and can see why clubs of Chelsea's stature are interested in signing him. He added: “I completely understand the interest. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Fabio Vieira transfer with surprise signingAntony concern raised as Man Utd 'not ready' for Brazilian starScott Parker sacked by Bournemouth after 9-0 Liverpool drubbing    "I think he’s a brilliant prospect. He’s got lovely balance, two good feet, very courageous on the ball, goes hunting the ball down to make things happen. “That’s a real trait in a young player, especially in an Everton side last year struggling. He was the one going to get on the ball, going to make things happen, trying things, beating people. “And his tenacity and work ethic without the ball is something you don’t even need to work on. It’s there, it’s in him. That’s in his heart, that’s who he is.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 