Meghan Markle, 41, claimed she would never have been able to do school pickup and drop-off in the UK with Archie without a "press pen of 40 people snapping pictures". The Duchess of Sussex told The Cut: "Sorry, I have a problem with that. That doesn't make me obsessed with privacy. That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child." Royal expert Robert Jobson has since claimed Meghan could do with an "intervention" after explaining how what she said is untrue. Speaking to the Australian morning show Sunrise, Mr Jobson said: "I think that some of this stuff is just so nonsensical, so untrue that there should be some sort of intervention. "Nobody in these interviews is picking her up on these claims and saying, 'where are you getting them from?' "There's one claim about her children that if she had taken the kids to school in the UK, there would be 40 press outside every day pursuing them. "In America, they believe in this stuff but in truth, there are rules here set by the press that they're not allowed to do that. READ MORE: Meghan's White House dream in tatters - Pelosi office 'laughs' at plan "You're not allowed to have people outside the school and they would be moved along so, that isn't true. "There will be a set one for the first day of school and that will be it. "There's a lot of stuff coming out that I think people in the states are believing. It's just nonsense." The Editors' Code of Practice, which sets out rules newspapers and magazines regulated by IPSO have agreed to follow, prevents the photographing of children at school. Photographs of Prince George and Princess Charlotte's first days at school were captured by the British press during an organised photo-call which had the consent of the Cambridge family and the school. Elsewhere in the interview, Meghan appeared to suggest her children had been referred to by the "N-word" by the media. Discussing the royal rota, the long-established press system that covers official events involving the monarchy, Meghan said: "Why would I give the very people that are calling my children the N-word a photo of my child before I can share it with the people that love my child? "You tell me how that makes sense and then I'll play that game." DON'T MISS Meghan Markle embarrassed as Mariah Carey calls out Duchess [VIDEO]Queen 'struggling to stand' as monarch's aides avoid 'awkwardness' [ANALYSIS]Meghan in podcast exile as famous faces not 'queueing up to be on it' [INSIGHT] Meghan also said that she will be returning to Instagram after deleting her account more than four years ago as part of becoming a senior royal, although later in the interview Journalist Allison P. Davis said the duchess suggested she was no longer sure that she would. Reflecting on what she and Harry were requesting before stepping down as senior royals, Meghan told The Cut that what they were asking for wasn't "reinventing the wheel" and according to Davis listed a handful of princes, princesses and dukes who have the arrangement they wanted. "That, for whatever reason, is not something that we were allowed to do, even though several other members of the family do that exact thing," Meghan said. Meanwhile, Harry said that working together with Meghan feels "natural and normal".