It’s bad enough she used her first podcast for Spotify with her “very dear friend” Serena Williams to whinge (yet again) about the royal family and talk about how Hellish her life was inside it. But this week in an interview with a magazine called The Cut she told a story in which she claimed she was compared to Nelson Mandela. She says she was at the premiere of the Lion King in 2019 and a cast member rushed up to her and said: “ I just need you to know when you married into this family we rejoiced in the streets the same way we did when Mandela was freed from prison.” OMG Seriously? Does she actually believe that in South Africa her marriage to Harry had the same impact on people there as the freeing of their beloved hero Nelson Mandela? Does she not understand how narcissistic that story sounds? How it allows us to see her as she sees herself and that it makes her sound deluded, self-important and totally removed from reality? Does she not understand that repeating this story it – even if it is true and some overexcited cast member did actually say what she says they said – it gives the impression she believes her achievements (seven seasons in the US cable series Suits, and four years married to a Prince) are comparable to Mandela’s? Even Mandela's grandson Zwelivelile says: "overcoming 60 years of apartheid is not the same as marrying a prince." As someone on Twitter said: “It’s like the woman has fallen off some narcissistic cliff.” And it’s true. As for the veiled threats she made in that interview – she warned she could say anything she liked now she’d left The Firm. “I have a lot to say until I don’t,” she says, “do you like that?” she asked the interviewer. “Sometimes, as they say, the silent part is still part of the song.” Not sure how you’d interpret that but it sounds like a bit like a threat to me. It sounds like she’s warning the royals that she’s got a lot more to say and can say it any time she wants. However the real gist of this interview – indeed of most of her interviews - is that nothing that has happened since she and Harry quit Britain in a fit of pique effectively having called the royals AND the British people racists, is her or Harrys fault. She seems blind to the fact the never ending tsunami of damaging digs and revelations about the royal family (which earn them multi millions) is constantly fuelling the fire. This is a family she was only at the heart of for a couple of years yet STILL she’s talking about it. It’s why Harry is still estranged from his family. And if there is a feud - it is she and Harry who are constantly fuelling it. The royals have barely said a peep either to attack or deny the couple’s lurid claims. And of course the bitching, the whining, the damaging revelations can’t ever stop because when they do so does a large chunk of their income stream But it feels like America is now seeing Meghan in the way many of us here in Britain see her. The New York Post’s front page screams “Toddler and Tiara” and has a pic of a petulant child in a pink tutu with Meghan’s head stuck on top wearing a crown: “ Spoiled Princess is STILL whining about the royal family” it says. And of course she has to. It’s the only way to keep the multi millions coming in. When this pair left Britain two years ago they could have done exactly what they said they were going to do - start a new independent life away from the royals. We need never have heard from them again. Instead the never ending barrage of sensational stories have ensured their independent life depends entirely on endlessly heaping trash on the royals - in interviews, on TV, in books. For Megan that might not have been hard to do. She didn’t know or love The Family the way Harry did. But I wonder how he feels in his heart constantly attacking the people who were his life until Meghan came along, a family that even now after all the damage he’s done to them, would welcome him back. Does all this sit well with him? Does he really want to be estranged from his father and brother? To hurt them? In this latest interview Meghan tells the story of how Harry had told her: “I lost my Dad in this process. “It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, But that’s his decision.” The comment was understandably interpreted as Harry felt he’d lost Prince Charles because of the fallout. But one of Meghan’s mouthpieces Omid Scobie, who wrote her book Finding Freedom, said that wasn’t what she meant at all and that Meghan was referring to her own loss of her own father and saying she doesn’t want Harry to lose his. Whatever the truth of that, it is not Meghan’s place to publicly talk about Harry’s relationship with his Father at all. Whatever is happening with Harry and Prince Charles is not HER story to tell. And she must surely have known that mentioning Harry’s relationship with his dad wouldn’t just hurt and upset Charles but would spawn even more damaging headlines that could make any existing rift a whole lot bigger – maybe even irreparable. But I’m wondering how much longer these “revelations” can go on.   How many more can there be bearing in mind she was only around the family for two years? How many more bombs can she unearth and hurl inside a family that, let’s face it, she barely knows? And how long before people in the US get bored and say “Oh No – are those two STILL moaning?” The New York Post is proof it is already happening. History won’t be kind to Meghan Markle not least because the damaging headlines she consistently creates about the Windsors cannot fail to affect and upset our 96-year-old Queen who is currently not in good health. For that reason alone it would be the humane thing for Meghan to keep it zipped. But she seems incapable of it. The good news is that she says she’s planning to re-launch her Instagram page after having been off the social media site for five years. I very much hope she does because it will allow the world to see Meghan in all her unfiltered glory. And when she says outrageous things, when she is economical with the truth as has been known to happen, when she makes a fool of herself - she will have to take personal responsibility. She won’t be able to say it’s all someone else's fault as she does now - that she was misrepresented, that people are telling untruths about her. Because it will be there - in her very own words. 