The summer-long saga revolving around Frenkie de Jong, Barcelona's plans for him and the heavyweights chasing his signature is finally nearing an end. An end that looks somewhat anti-climatic with an outcome only De Jong and his manager Xavi Hernandez seemingly wanted. The 25-year-old midfielder's future has been the headline-stealer of the summer transfer window. Barcelona have desperately needed to balance the books, while Manchester United have engaged in a relentless recruit at the request of his former manager Erik ten Hag. The Red Devils even agreed a deal worth around £72million after chief executive Richard Arnold accompanied football director John Murtough on a trip to Spain for crunch talks. Chelsea entered the frame late on and were willing to match their Premier League rivals' fee. Some murmurs suggested De Jong would prefer living in London with Champions League football on offer. Liverpool also joined the party in the 11th hour after Jurgen Klopp admitted the club had performed a U-turn and were now searching for a new midfielder before Thursday's deadline. However, all the speculation appears void, with De Jong's short-term future almost set in stone. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp urged to buy Neves after Wolves screamer  According to CBS Sports, De Jong is expected to receive a favourable end to the whirlwind saga by staying at Barcelona this season. United are said to have 'all but given up' after opting against making any renewed advances for the Dutchman. Ten Hag's £70m capture of Real Madrid's Casemiro was viewed as an alternative to his priority target. The report adds that Chelsea have also failed to make any significant progress in their interest, while Liverpool are looking elsewhere to reinforce Klopp's ranks in the coming days. After successfully registering their final summer signing, Jules Kounde, earlier this week with the help of economic levers, Barcelona no longer need to sell. READ MORE: Man Utd handed Antony transfer boost as Ajax ‘identify replacement'  United are unlikely to sign another central midfielder after completing the £85m capture of Antony and recruiting a backup goalkeeper. Meanwhile, Chelsea's priorities are also elsewhere, with Thomas Tuchel eyeing a new forward before 11pm on September 1. Considering Liverpool weren't initially planning to add a midfielder after missing out on Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid, it remains to be seen what Klopp's budget is. But the Anfield club are expected to complete a deal if the right player becomes available. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here