Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and her husband Prince William have been enjoying the summer holidays with their three children over the past few weeks. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge reportedly spent a fortnight in Tresco, part of the Scilly archipelago, where they celebrated the ninth birthday of their eldest child, Prince George. They also spent some of their time off at their residence at Anmer Hall — their Sandringham residence. Now, the family-of-five is expected to travel to a final holiday destination to round off their summer break. Victoria Ward, The Daily Telegraph’s royal correspondent, has claimed that the Cambridges will spend time at Balmoral before heading to Windsor to settle into their new home. Writing for the publication, Ms Ward said: "Since schools broke up in July, the Cambridges have enjoyed a UK-based holiday and have been spending time at their Anmer Hall in Norfolk. "In the coming weeks, they will travel to Scotland for their annual summer break with the Queen at Balmoral before returning to settle into Adelaide Cottage ahead of the new school term." READ MORE: Royal Family at Balmoral set to become 'divisive political matter' after Queen's death Queen Elizabeth II travelled to Scotland in July to embark on a 10-week stay on the Balmoral estate. The royal residence, which is nestled in the highlands of Aberdeenshire, is said to be one of the monarch’s most treasured homes. Her Majesty began her visit at Craigowan Lodge, a cottage on the estate, where she spent a lot of time with her late husband Prince Philip. The Scottish retreat is also a special place for Kate and William, who used it as a secret escape during the early days of their relationship. According to Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine and author of ‘William & Harry’, the estate is a “very lucky place” for the couple. During last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, Ms Seward told host Zoe Forsey: “William and Catherine spent a great deal of their romance together in Scotland, so they both love it hugely. “It is a very lucky place for them.” She continued: “William’s got a little house up there, which he has had for a long time.” DON'T MISS'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview  [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge first met in Scotland when they were both students at St Andrew’s University. They both lived at St Salvator's Hall residence in 2001, but it was not until a year later, when Kate famously caught William's eye at a charity fashion show, that they eventually got together. And during their time as university students the pair had a secret bolthole in the Scottish highlands that they were known to sneak off to at the beginning of their budding romance. Tam-na-Ghar Cottage sits within the grounds of the Balmoral estate. The three-bedroom home was given to the prince by the Queen Mother just before she died. Kate and William reportedly spent some of their happiest times together at the private cottage. The couple, who have been married for 11 years, have continued to visit throughout their relationship and stayed at the cottage with their children — George, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four — during their summer holiday in Scotland in 2019. It is close to Birkhall, the private Scottish residence of Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, which also sits on the 50,000-acre estate. Ms Seward explained that Birkhall and Tam-na-Ghar Cottage are situated on the side of the estate “that seems to remain mainly private.” She added: “All the family love it [Balmoral]. They love the country pursuits. “It is a chance to see the Queen and, when he was alive, it was a chance to see Prince Philip and actually spend a little downtime with them, rather than everything being a formal affair. “The only downtime they really have is at Balmoral.”