Jane and John Matheson, from Edinburgh, have been closely monitoring their energy use in efforts to reduce their bills. The couple took part in Smart Energy GB’s What’s Watt challenge, looking at ways they could reduce their costs. Their energy bills have trebled in recent months, but they have managed to reduce their bills by £75. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, they said: “As a family we have taken it upon ourselves to implement quite a few things to reduce our energy bills this year. “Alongside some quick fixes such as turning down the temperature on showers and radiators respectively, we’ve got the smart meter’s in-home display out of the cupboard so we can better monitor the energy we’re using. “Our home gets cold, so we keep doors closed in the day to keep in the heat. READ MORE: State pensioners set for ‘rollercoaster ride’ as inflation soars “Similarly, in the day we keep the blinds open to let heat in and close them at night to be as efficient as possible. “Another change is that we make sure we build up a full load of washing before using the washing machine and hang it outside to dry rather than using the tumble dryer. “The dryer thinks it’s been made redundant. “Overall, it’s lots of little things but mostly being consciously aware and unplugging things.” DON'T MISSBritons furious as energy price cap will change every three months [INSIGHT]Money saving tips: Britons could save thousands with summer budget [UPDATE]Woman, 43, fears rising mortgage rate and ‘crippling' exit fees [LATEST] The couple had a visit from TV’s Dominic Littlewood as part of the challenge, to provide some tips about how they could slash their bills. One tip he had for them was to check the seals on the fridge and freezer were working properly, so the appliances use minimal energy in keeping the food cool. The Mathesons have also been using their smart meter to be mindful of exactly how much energy they are using. They said: “We are much more aware of our smart meter now and how the tool can be used to see exactly what energy the household is using. READ MORE: 'Savers are only winners!' Glimmer of hope as banks & building socs start to raise rates “Alongside this, the in-home display has become an even bigger part of our daily life as it shows our energy use in near real time, in pounds and pence. “We consider now whether we need to put the washing on or have a bath and the almost immediate tracking of our energy allowance gives us better control of our bills than ever before.” With energy bills set to continue to rise going into the winter months, the family will be keeping up their efforts to keep their costs down. They said: “As a household we are already looking ahead to winter as we are under no illusion that this will be tricky. “Our plan is to further implement these changes throughout the colder months. “Alongside this I’ll be keeping an eye on the kids and their usage, I’d love to get them involved and educate them on the cost and implications of things such as having the heating on and windows being open.” The couple have two children, aged 12 and 18. Research from Smart Energy GB found that people who have adjusted their energy habits for the summer months have reduced their bills by £22.09 a month, which amounts to almost £270 a year.