According to the Met Office, the UK’s heatwave threshold means areas need to see high heat for at least three days. In London, 28C is the heatwave threshold value, while the south of England’s threshold is 27C, the midlands and southwest’s is 26C and the rest of the UK’s is 25C. Maps and charts show that the UK will surge beyond the heatwave threshold from Monday, with dry conditions and high temperatures featuring all week. Maps from WXCharts say that after a balmy Sunday, with highs of 27C in London, Monday begins a trend of increasing temperatures due to high pressure pushing north from Africa and southwest Europe. At 3pm on Monday, highs of 28C will feature in London and across the south of England, with Ireland also seeing 20C across the island and the west of Britain seeing warm temperatures, as 22C strikes as north as Aberdeen. The same time on Tuesday sees 28C weather spread further across England and Wales, with Ireland heating up to between 22C to 24C and west Scotland and north England seeing between 22C and 26C. Wednesday then sees the UK break into 30C weather at 3pm, featuring in London, Bristol, Birmingham, Swindon and parts of Wales, while the rest of the south hovers near that level with heat between 29C and 25C. At this time, only the Hebrides will stay below 20C at 18C, while the rest of the country bakes. Ireland will see 26C weather, Northern Ireland sees 23C, Scotland varies between 21C and 27C and north England bakes in 27C. From Wednesday, temperatures will continue to climb through to the weekend, with 3pm on Thursday seeing England and Wales hit between 31C to 33C. The rest of the UK gives between 22C to 28C, and the hottest areas are expected to be Cardiff, Bristol and Swindon. Friday, at 6pm, sees temperatures climb again, with 35C forecast in London, Surrey, Sussex and Essex, and 34C forecast in the Midlands and the remainder of the south. Friday also sees areas as far north as Leeds and Harrogate see 30C. Saturday sees the trend of climbing temperatures end, but the south of the UK will still swelter in 35C weather. Temperatures will begin to fall on Sunday, but 33C will feature along the south. Monday then sees highs of 33C in Reading by 6pm, before the mercury falls back to 19C on Tuesday, August 16. READ MORE: Britain faces FORTNIGHT without rain as heatwave drought hits 100 days Ian Simpson, Netweather.tv forecaster said: “It will be a cloudy week in north-west Scotland, with some light rain and drizzle at times. “Other parts of Scotland, together with Northern Ireland and north-west England, may be fairly cloudy on Monday and Tuesday, but from Wednesday onwards the dry sunny weather looks set to take hold in these regions too. “It will be very warm or hot in east Wales, the Midlands and south of England, and to a lesser extent also in north-east England. In these regions, at the beginning of next week, maximum temperatures will generally range from 23C in north-east England to around 29C in the south-east. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Queen to cut holiday short over Boris Blaze engulfs ex-care home as police issue 'avoid area' warning US to join India military drills near China “By the end of the week, inland parts of north-east England may be approaching 30C, and parts of the south of England may hit 35C. “Most parts of England and Wales will see no rain at all during the coming week, exacerbating problems with water shortages and risk of fires breaking out due to the dry ground. “Night time temperatures will remain relatively low with clear skies and light winds, except in urban centres, particularly in London, where they will be hot and uncomfortable for many.” Met Office chief forecaster Steve Willington also said: “We could see parts of the UK entering heatwave conditions if the above-average temperatures last for three days or more. ‘Many areas of the UK, especially the south will witness temperatures several degrees higher than average, but these values are likely to be well below the record-breaking temperatures we saw in mid-July. “As the high pressure builds there is very little meaningful rain in the forecast, especially in those areas in the south of England, which experienced very dry conditions last month. “Elsewhere in the UK, such as in northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, rain-bearing weather fronts will make limited headway against the high pressure, bringing some rain to north-western parts of the UK.”