Manchester United icon Roy Keane has claimed that he is “not convinced” over new signing Christian Eriksen who started up front for Erik ten Hag’s side in their 2-1 defeat to Brighton on Sunday. The Dane joined United on a free transfer this summer after leaving Brentford, but Keane has expressed doubts over the defensive side of his game. "I think he’s a really good player,” Keane told Sky Sports. “Will he get Man United back competing for league titles? The answer is no. My biggest worry for players like Christian and the big problem for Man United in the last year or two is out of possession against better teams so that’s not one of his strengths. A talented player but I’m not convinced but a good player." While Keane was more positive regarding Lisandro Martinez, despite the questions surrounding the centre-back’s height. “The manager’s worked with him, the manager knows him,” Keane added. “He’ll give them a bit of balance. Yeah we can question his height but he’s got the spring, determination, reads the game right, he’s a player they had to go and buy - didn’t have a choice.” Eriksen was part of a fluid system that Ten Hag revealed would see him lead the line at times against Brighton. “As a striker, it can be Bruno [Fernandes] but for most of the time it will be Christian Eriksen,” the Dutch coach said in his pre-game interview. “He has done it before and he will play that role.” Eriksen played a big part in Brentford moving away from the relegation zone last season, but Bees boss Thomas Frank has hit out at suggestions that the 30-year-old saved them on his own. "I think that the people that say that Christian kept us in the Premier League either don't know what they are talking about or are very single-minded, if I’m very harsh," Frank told West London Sport. "Obviously he's a top player. Obviously he helped us. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join "I'm convinced, and there will always be an argument, that of course we would have stayed in the Premier League anyway if you look at our start. You need to take into consideration two things. "One, we had a lot of injuries. The day he stepped in the building was when David [Raya] played again, Ivan [Toney] played again, Rico Henry played again, [Christian] Norgaard played again. All our key players played and we were fit, more or less, until the end of the season. “Two, we actually consistently performed quite well throughout the season, even in the bad patch. So those are two reasons why I’m convinced that we still would have been good, just maybe not as fluid, maybe not as good looking as we did with Christian.”