Arsenal have discovered they may have to fork out nearly £60million to sign Moussa Diaby this summer, reports in France claim. The Gunners are said to be keen on signing the Bayer Leverkusen winger but will have to dig deep into their pocket to agree a deal. The north London side have been scouring the transfer market for a winger as Mikel Arteta eyes another summer signing to complete his squad renovation. Arteta, 40, has made Diaby his top target, with Villarreal starlet Yeremy Pino also in his sights. According to French publication But! Football Club, Arteta ‘strongly likes’ Diaby and is willing to push for a deal to be agreed. The wide man, who scored 13 goals and assisted 12 in 32 Bundesliga appearances last season, has emerged as one of the Bundesliga’s most influential attackers. Leverkusen are reluctant to part ways with their star man and have officially have ruled out a sale. However, the report states that ‘whispers’ have reached Arsenal informing them that the 23-year-old could be available, but only if they meet Leverkusen’s £59.4m (€70m) asking price. READ MORE: Arsenal interest in Pino causes 'shocking' dressing room reaction Given that Arteta has already brought in Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Marquinhos and Matt Turner, taking their overall spend to around £120m, it should come as no surprise that Arsenal are not keen on shelling out such a fee. But the report adds that they are still planning to make an opening offer to test Leverkusen’s resolve. Newcastle were also keen on Diaby earlier this summer but the Magpies have been priced out of a move, having been quoted a similar fee to what Arsenal would have to pay. The France international is under contract until 2025, meaning Arsenal do not hold much leverage in terms of negotiating a lower price. DON'T MISSArsenal 'anxious' over Saliba as club makes contact with agentArsenal decision could come back to bite them after Auba revelationArsenal told they have their Ferdinand even though Merson backed sale Diaby is also understood to be content with life in Germany and is unlikely to push for a move to the Premier League as he aims to be included in France’s World Cup squad. “I have taken my decision and I will play again for Bayer Leverkusen next season,” he told RP Online in July. “[It’s] up to me to keep performing well and to make it [to the World Cup]. “I will do all that I can to be able to continue to be part of the squad. We have a really impressive team, uniquely with players at the highest level. I also need to be patient to find my place one day in this team.” Still, Arsenal are unlikely to be put off by Diaby's comments as they look to raise money by selling Nicolas Pepe and Reiss Nelson this summer. Club-record signing Pepe has attracted interest from Sevilla, Lyon and Marseille, according to the Daily Mail, while Nelson could be offloaded after struggling to break into the first team under Arteta. The pair’s departure, combined with the proceeds made from Lucas Torreira’s move to Galatasaray, could help fund a move for Diaby, although Arsenal technical director Edu Gaspar will have his work cut out to get Arteta his top target for an affordable fee.