He will be missed by many when the result of the leadership contest is announced next week. Others will think it is high time to get a pragmatic, more down-to-earth, leader. Throughout British history, we have seen an ebb and flow of charismatic leaders. Some might think that it is time for a less flamboyant and more – well, boring – head of government. Maybe, so it is argued, we need a politician who is more interested in spreadsheets than sound bites; a policy wonk rather than someone with a knack for photo opportunities. The two current candidates for the leadership of the Conservative Party both seem to fit the bill. Both Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak to varying degrees are diligent work-horse politicians, conscientious and competent. But they hardly inspire, let alone enthuse the crowds, although Ms Truss has been making more of an impact. To be sure, both can run the country. But not many will be excited about it. As a rule, we have opted for the prime ministers who provided charismatic leadership. For example, Margaret Thatcher – a charismatic leader – beat the distinctly uncharismatic Labour leader James Callaghan in the late 1970s. In the 1990s, John Major – who was a rather grey and uninspiring Tory leader – lost to a youthful and, yes, charismatic Tony Blair. And a decade and a bit later, Gordon Brown – a quintessential dour Scot – lost to a dynamic and energetic David Cameron. A charismatic leader is a tough act to follow. Gordon Brown and Theresa May were conscientious and decent individuals who undoubtedly were driven by an honest ideal of public service. But so too are most civil servants. Voters do not want politicians who look like themselves. This is the predicament for the current candidates for the leadership of our country. Neither Mr Sunak nor Ms Truss have the knack for wowing the crowds in the way that Boris did.  This is likely to lead to apathy. And, as a result, they may not have the authority to make difficult decisions. This is a problem for the Conservative Party and an even greater problem for our country. Voters will not be fired up. The result is that many will feel the politicians are out of touch. Charismatic leaders are the ones who appeal to the crowd, and who are able to take them with them to another place. Mr Johnson was able to win over voters in the so-called ‘red wall seats’ because he presented a story of the sunny uplands. But you might say I am missing the point. Charismatic leaders may be more appealing, but what we need is a capable manager; someone who is focused on the task at hand. Not correct! In fact, charismatic leaders often do get the job done. Or, more precisely, they have capable men and women around them who do the policy work, while they inspire the crowds. Margaret Thatcher, for example, mostly did the hectoring, the speeches and enthused the crowds while workmen like then chancellors Sir Geoffrey Howe and Nigel Lawson did the heavy policy lifting. The same was true of Tony Blair. When he was Prime Minister, he happily did the crowd-pleasing speeches, while he left the more mundane issues to Gordon Brown. It is an adage that the greatness of a politician depends on the quality of his advisers.  Charismatic leaders need trusted and competent advisers around them. But in a democracy, you also need to court the crowd; enthuse the voters. Democracy is the rule of the people, and – for better or for worse – they always need to feel inspired. Boris Johnson – to his followers – provided an example of such a politician. During the Covid crisis and Brexit negotiations, he did the speeches, while he sensibly left the policy-making to those with a greater talent for details. He got things done by leaving them to others – and performing the essential role of cheerleader. The problem with the current candidates is that they are good at getting the small things done. But they do not have the talent for telling a compelling story. This does not bode well. British democracy will survive without a charismatic leader. But history tells us that we do best when we have a larger-than-life character at the helm. This is a lesson that both of our largest parties need to realise. It seems that they do not. 