Arsenal fans sent out a message to the club’s owner Stan Kroenke on Saturday as they directed a cheeky transfer chant towards Leicester ace Youri Tielemans. The midfielder, who has been tipped to sign for the Gunners, was in action at the Emirates Stadium as his Foxes team were beaten 4-2 by Arsenal in the Premier League. Arsenal were in imperious form against their east Midlands rivals as they went ahead midway through the opening period courtesy of a goal from summer signing Gabriel Jesus. The Brazil international then struck again before the break as the hosts dominated proceedings. Leicester pulled a goal back when William Saliba turned the ball into his own net during the early stages of the second half. But the Gunners extended their lead once again just before the hour-mark as Gabriel Martinelli found the back of the net. James Maddison then got his name on the scoresheet with 16 minutes remaining, before Granit Xhaka put the game to bed for the hosts. It was a joyous occasion for the Gunners as they secured another three points following their 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace on the opening night of the campaign. And some fans were in the mood to taunt the visitors as they turned their attentions to Tielemans. MUST READ: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint     “Youri Tielemans, we’ll see you next week,” sang parts of the Arsenal faithful as the Gunners made light work of their opponents. And they will be hoping to get their transfer wish before the summer window closes at the start of next month. Arsenal have been linked with Tielemans since last year but have not yet secured a deal to sign the Belgium international. And the club brought in midfielder Fabio Vieira from Porto at the end of June. Tielemans, who joined Leicester from Monaco in 2019, only has one more year remaining on his current deal. So Gunners boss Mikel Arteta and their transfer chief Edu will have to decide whether they are willing to stump up a transfer fee when they could land him for free when his contract expires. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends warning over 'foolish' transfers West Ham fail to hijack deal for Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Arsenal boss Arteta sends Aubameyang message over Chelsea rumours   Tielemans has bagged 24 goals and 24 assists for Leicester and has started his side’s opening two matches of the new campaign. But the ace, who has won 52 caps for his country, has been reluctant to put pen-to-paper on a new deal at the King Power Stadium and looks set to eventually call time on his career in the east Midlands. Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers will therefore have to decide whether he wants to keep the player for another season or cash in on him now to avoid losing him for nothing. And Arsenal are well-placed to get their hands on him if the Foxes do decide to sell.  