House of the Dragon is the prequel series to HBO’s acclaimed Game of Thrones, which will premiere later this month. Ahead of its release, actor Matt Smith issued a major warning to fans about his character Daemon Targaryen.  The series will transport fans 200 years before the events in Game of Thrones and provide an insight on how the Targaryens came to power. The family's first ruler Aegon forged the Iron Throne and made King's Landing the capital of Westeros. King Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine) who must choose his successor. He is told to pick between younger brother Daemon and his daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy). READ MORE: This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves   But as the family fight to secure an heir to the throne, a civil war will break out between Daemon and Rhaenyra. Speaking about his character, Matt claimed his character would annoy fans. The A-lister revealed: “Daemon is there to cause chaos and p**s people off because, simply, it entertains him.” Matt also provided insight into his character’s interaction with rivals: “Daemon and Otto loathe one another.     “They’re winding each other up, needling one another and in the middle of it is Paddy, who plays Viserys. "They’re both vying for his attention and his love,” the actor explained to Empire. As Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans) is the Hand of the King, fans can expect to see a number of tense moments as Daemon vies for power. House of the Dragon is the onscreen adaptation of George RR Martin’s novel, Fire and Blood. DON'T MISS...'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon cast: Who's who in Game of Thrones spin-off ser... [INSIGHT]Matt Smith makes House of the Dragon pledge after GOT backlash [INSIGHT]     Therefore, those who have read the book will already know the extent of Daemon’s personality. As well as a yearning for dominance, the House of the Dragon showrunner Miguel Sapochnik revealed the franchise would continue to feature scenes with sexual violence. Talking to The Hollywood Reporter he stated the prequel "pulls back" when it comes to the quantity of sex shown on screen, which would instead be shown as a casual element of life. As for the sexual violence, Miguel claimed the scenes were filmed “carefully, thoughtfully and [we] don’t shy away from it".   He added: “If anything, we’re going to shine a light on that aspect.” House of the Dragon will reportedly last three or four seasons. As the series is a prequel none of the original stars will make an appearance. Also joining the cast is Olivia Cooke, Graham McTavish and Eve Best. House of the Dragon will premiere in the US on HBO on Sunday, August 21, and then on Monday, August 22, on Sky Atlantic and NOW TV in the UK   