Van Der Valk is coming back to ITV on August 7 and the detective TV drama will see Marc Warren reprise the title role. Maimie McCoy stars as Lucienne Hassell, Van Der Valk's colleague and trusted confidante. Actress McCoy spoke to Express.co.uk about a character from her past coming back to haunt her. Season two of Van Der Valk is set in Amsterdam once again and the three-part series is based on Nicolas Freeling’s crime thrillers. The episodes will air weekly in the same timeslot on ITV, with each episode posing a new challenge. In this series, there are not only troubles in the workplace, but also in Lucienne's personal life. Femke De Haan (Eva Marie de Waal), Lucienne's ex-girlfriend, is the guest conductor at a classical concert. She made a brief appearance in the first season, but her return has a detrimental impact on Lucienne. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'scared' of 'Diana replacement' Meghan, claims Levin Actress McCoy explained: "It's kind of tricky in these workplace dramas to get a lot of the personal life. "You don't really see these characters in their personal space so it's always hard to find those moments. "But there's a character who is an ex-partner who was only very briefly in the first series, we didn't really see her very much. "But the break-up had had a huge effect on her and she comes back in a way which I think really wrongfoots Lucienne." The star went on to explain what viewers can expect from the episode. She said: "The victim in the third episode is a musical prodigy, it's set in this amazing, very sophisticated classical music scene. "Lucienne's ex-girlfriend is the guest conductor, so as these little things start revealing themselves the case becomes more personal and complicated because of that. "And so it's a lot of those feelings which have been buried and slightly put aside start coming up to the surface here. "Which then bubbles into the case in a way which, she's usually very professional and there's a couple of cracks that start revealing themselves. "I think that sense of vulnerability comes out much more which I'm not sure we have seen too much of." DON'T MISS... Will Mellor details heart-breaking reason he signed up to Strictly [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [THEORY] Shetland season 7 release date, cast, plot: When will Shetland return? [INSIGHT] There are plenty of sides to the detective that are yet to be explored this season. She said: "There's that slight fragility there but also alongside that is we get some flashes of, I don't want to say anger, but a more impulsive side of her. "She's usually considered very in the centre and grounded and we definitely get one flash of where she totally breaks out of that, which is fun to play. "It's fun to explore some more of and I like to think we get more of that side of her. "There are tiny moments when you can inject that other life into it. "Sometimes that's done quite deliberately and sometimes it's not, but you have to really kind of feel like this person is a rounded person and not just the character you see turning up at another crime scene." Lead writer Chris Murray said season two will also show how Van Der Valk is moving on from the burden of losing the love of his life. He said: "In series two we wanted to move on from that and show the character connecting with a private life again and opening himself up to the possibility again of love. "The challenge he faces, as he says, is that bad things happen when he cares for people."  Van Der Valk airs on Sunday, August 7 on ITV