Smoke on the Russian ship was recorded by the naval expert HI Sutton from the OSINT project. The expert believes that Ukrainian missiles could have knocked out the ship. According to preliminary information, this is a project 22160 patrol ship of the Vasily Bykov type.  There is no official confirmation yet. It comes as three ships loaded with grain left Ukrainian ports on Friday under a recently concluded safe passage deal, the Turkish defence ministry said. The first grain ship to set sail from a Ukrainian port since the start of the Russian invasion, departed Odesa on Monday. "We expect that the security guarantees of our partners from the UN and Turkey will continue to work, and food exports from our ports will become stable and predictable for all market participants," Ukrainian Infrastructure Minister Oleksandr Kubrakov said on Facebook after the ships set off. READ MORE: Xi Jinping's Taiwan invasion plan torn up as Beijing's navy assessed In a rare diplomatic breakthrough in the five-month war, the United Nations and Turkey have brokered a safe passage deal between Moscow and Kyiv, after the United Nations warned of famines due to Ukrainian grain shipments being halted. Russian President Vladimir Putin sent troops into Ukraine on Feb. 24, sparking the biggest conflict in Europe since World War Two and causing a global energy and food crisis. Ukraine and Russia produce about one third of global wheat and Russia is Europe's main energy supplier. On Friday, two grain ships set off from Chornomorsk and one from Odesa, with a total of about 58,000 tonnes of corn. The Turkish Defence Ministry said on Twitter the Panama-flagged Navistar, carrying 33,000 tonnes of corn bound for Ireland, departed from Odesa. The Maltese-flagged Rojen, carrying 13,000 tonnes of corn, departed from Chornomorsk port bound for Britain. The Turkish-flagged ship Polarnet, carrying 12,000 tonnes of corn, set off from Chornomorsk for the Turkish Black Sea port of Karasu. The Turkish bulk carrier Osprey S, flying the flag of Liberia, was expected to arrive in Ukraine's Chornomorsk port on Friday, the regional administration of Odesa said. It would be the first ship to arrive at a Ukrainian port during the war. Ukraine has reportedly called for the grain deal to be extended to include other products, such as metals. "This agreement is about logistics, about the movement of vessels through the Black Sea," Ukraine's Deputy Economy Minister Taras Kachka told the newspaper. "What's the difference between grain and iron ore?" After five months of fighting, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky this week described the pressure his armed forces were under in the eastern Donbas region as "hell". Moscow is seeking to control the largely Russian-speaking Donbas, comprised of Luhansk and Donetsk provinces, where pro-Moscow separatists gained control of territory after the Kremlin annexed Crimea to the south in 2014. DON'T MISS:Russia truck leaves 1 dead 19 injured as it explodes into flames VIDEO [WATCH]Ukraine forced to give ground in east [ANALYSIS]Putin suffers blow as UK and Canada team up in boost to Ukraine's army [INSIGHT] Mr Zelensky spoke of fierce fighting around the town of Avdiivka and the fortified village of Pisky, where Ukraine has acknowledged its Russian foe's "partial success" in recent days. The Ukrainian military said on Thursday Russian forces had mounted at least two assaults on Pisky but had been repelled. Ukrane has spent the last eight years fortifying defensive positions in Pisky, seeing it as a buffer zone against Russian-backed forces who control the city of Donetsk about 10 km to the southeast. Ukrainian General Oleksiy Hromov told a news conference his forces had recaptured two villages around the eastern city of Sloviansk but had been pushed back to the town of Avdiivka after being forced to abandon a coal mine regarded as an important defensive position. The Russian defence ministry confirmed its offensive.