Flight attendant Cici posts her travel expertise to her TikTok account @cici_inthesky, where she boasts over 41k followers. She shared five things she warns all passengers about on flights. Cici detailed: "Five things I will never do since I became a flight attendant." Some of them may be things travellers already do, while others may come as a surprise. One important hygiene tip involved cleaning the tray table before you eat. Cici said passengers should not "eat off the tray table without sanitizing it." The expert went on: "The planes are obviously cleaned more thoroughly than they were pre-COVID, but they're still not cleaned effectively and that's the last thing they clean." READ MORE: 'Always, always pack it': Flight attendant's crucial packing tip - what to carry on plane There is very, very good reason for this. In research by sanitising company Aquaint, an anonymous cabin crew member said: "Cleaners don’t have time to thoroughly clean planes between journeys, as they are under pressure constantly to provide a quick turn-around. "I have seen passengers change their baby’s nappy on the tray table. "I would always encourage passengers to sanitise their tray tables and other surfaces before take off." A study by the NSF (The Public Health and Safety Organization) found aeroplane tray tables have 2,155 bacteria colony forming units (CFU) per square inch. She made a number of other warnings too, one stern piece of advice involves the attire worn to the toilet. DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares disgusting plane food revelation [SHOCK] Genius flight attendant hotel room trick to create black-out blinds [TIP] Flight attendant divulges the best time of day to fly [TRAVEL EXPERT] Cici told followers she would never "walk to the bathroom without (her) shoes on." She went on: "I've seen some gross stuff happen in there and that liquid on the floor is not water." Cici also would advise against "drink(ing) the coffee, or any hot liquids, that come out of the coffee maker." The flight attendant said: "I mean, I'm not going to lie, I have drunk the coffee out of desperation, but most of the time I don't." Two more warnings involve interaction with flight attendants. Cici said she would never "ask a flight attendant to put my bag in the overhead bin." She explained: "This is a very very physical job and I've just seen way too many injuries from flight attendants putting passengers' bags in the overhead bin, turning their bags, anything like that." She added: "Never be mean to the flight crew. "The bottom line is if you're difficult on the ground, you could potentially be a problem in the air and that puts everybody at risk. "We don't want that, you could easily get kicked off the plane." This is similar to a tip shared by a flight attendant to "get free drinks and upgrades". The flight attendant goes by Cierra Mist. The travel expert asked: "Ever wondered how passengers get free things like drinks and upgrades? here’s how." She claimed a lot of passengers are rude to flight attendants, not even acknowledging their presence at times. Cierra said: "Whenever you're first getting on the plane and you see a flight attendant standing there and greeting you the nicest thing you can do is acknowledge that, and even respond."