AMC’s hit prequel Better Call Saul will soon premiere its finale as the Breaking Bad spin-off comes to an end. Ahead of the final episode, viewers watched in awe as Jesse Pinkman (played by Aaron Paul) and Kim Wexler finally met, however, there was a hidden meaning behind their encounter which the actress explained.  Fans were overwhelmed with excitement when stars of the highly acclaimed series Breaking Bad appeared in Better Call Saul. Their appearance had been highly anticipated as the AMC drama was Breaking Bad’s prequel series. As the two worlds collided viewers saw the two main characters of each show have an encounter, including Jesse and Kim. This took place during episode 12, Waterworks, when she made a comeback after an unexpected split from Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk). READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos   While the episode was an exciting one, the biggest moment took place as Kim was leaving Saul’s office when she bumped into Jesse. During the scene, the two stood outside and as she lit her cigarette she sparked an interaction by giving him one. As Kim had no idea who he was, she was completely unaware she was standing next to the partner of the new meth cook Walter White (Bryan Cranston) set to take over Alberquerque. However, Jesse recognised her as the lawyer who helped his friend in trouble and commended her.   As this took place during the early days of Jesse and Walt’s business dealings with Saul, he quizzed Kim if “this guy is any good". Before responding, Kim paused and reluctantly answered: “When I knew him, he was.” Although the interaction was a huge moment of excitement for fans, actress Rhea Seehorn revealed there was a hidden meaning behind their meeting. DON'T MISS...Ken Dodd left behind staggering EIGHT-figure fortune [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 13: What time is Saul Gone out? [INSIGHT]Breaking Bad boss didn't want to introduce Lalo Salamanca [INSIGHT]     As Kim’s experience in the drug business was beginning to wind down, Jesse’s venture with Walt was on its way to reaching new heights. She disclosed: “My character is at the end of the arc of realizing what going down a rabbit hole can do to your conscience,” as for Jesse “he’s beginning it". Speaking to TVLine Rhea stated the meeting was set up to leave fans reflecting. The actress added: “If she could tell him what she learned, would he change what he’s doing?”    The Better Call Saul creator Vince Gilligan also opened up about the crossover. He acknowledged that Kim and Jesse’s interaction may not have added anything meaningful to the episode, but he enjoyed it nonetheless. He shared: "I just love ’em both so much. It’s as simple as that, we try to tell these stories as organically as possible, and we do. “But a scene like that is, I hate to admit it, just pleasurable to write, pleasurable to direct. It doesn’t really move the plot forward. "In strict, organic storytelling terms, it’s not 'necessary.' But it just was fun. And yeah, I love those two,” Vince told Rolling Stone. Better Call Saul concludes Monday, August 15 on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix. 