Joseph Parker backs Anthony Joshua to be dangerous for all twelve rounds during his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk amidst criticisms of the Brit’s gas tank. Joshua is expected to up his output on August 20 as he looks to bully the Ukrainian with his superior size and strength. But with such an aggressive approach comes the added problem of fatigue and many have rushed to warn ‘AJ’ about controlling his volume on fight night. Former two-weight world champion Carl Frampton believes Joshua will be unable to maintain the required intensity for ‘very long’ and has questioned whether he can effectively fight at a high pace. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: "But the thing that's worrying me is I don't think Joshua can do that for very long. That he can't fight at a high pace and push people around and get close to them for a long fight. He needs to do it in spurts, and I think when he does have a round where he uses a lot of energy, he has to take the next round off at times. That's just because of the size of him really, and his build and his make-up.” However, Joshua’s former opponent, Parker, believes that ‘AJ’ “can always be dangerous.” "He can always be dangerous," Parker told the same publication. "He possesses the natural heavyweight ability to hurt people and to hurt other heavyweights. Let's see what his plan is coming into this fight and see where his head's at. You can be physically in great shape but mentally if you're not there it's a waste of time. "He was a good champion, and he can be champion again. It's just that it's up to him now. It's up to him and his new team to make the changes that he needs to attack what Usyk's going to bring. There's a lot of support for him. Everyone's supporting him here in the UK. But also, Usyk's got a lot of support as well from his home, so we'll see what happens." Parker knows exactly what Joshua brings to the table. The pair fought back in March 2018 at the Principality Stadium, Cardiff in a heavyweight world title unification bout with Parker putting up his WBO strap and Joshua his WBA (super) and IBF belts. After twelve rounds of boxing, Joshua was declared the victor with scorecards of 118-110, 119-109, and 118-110. MORE BOXING NEWS... Eddie Hearn nearly retired after catastrophic fight Paul told he’s ‘not a real boxer yet’ as YouTube boxing slammed Francis warned about potential rematch with Tyson – EXCLUSIVE Despite this, the New Zealander has picked Usyk to overcome the Watford powerhouse once again. Parker said: "I would have to side with Usyk [winning] just because of the confidence that he's going to come in with from the first fight. But it'll be interesting.” He continued: "I see it being a great fight. The first fight was a fantastic fight. Not sure what Joshua's doing with his team, in terms of changing his trainer and how he's going to adjust and change his style coming into the second fight."