Last month, Prince Harry delivered a keynote speech to the United Nations headquarters in New York. The Duke was joined by his wife, Meghan Markle, for the visit, which marked Nelson Mandela Day. Following the event, royal fans picked up on the vast number of empty seats facing the Duke as he spoke. Speaking on Australia's Sunrise, entertainment reporter Peter Ford discussed how, in support of her husband, Meghan has apparently questioned the "very empty seats" and is "demanding answers" over the lack of people at the event in New York. Speaking of Meghan's reaction to the empty seats, Mr Ford said: "Apparently, Meghan is now demanding answers [at] how this possibly could have happened and created this bad look. He added; "It was a bad look. "No-one can deny that." He added: "People kept writing it up as being, this is going to be like, he's addressing the general assembly of the United Nations. READ MORE: Rug pulled from under Prince Harry as THREE new bombshells to upstage Duke of Sussex "He wasn't, because they don't sit again until September. "But they were in the general assembly room." He added: "They should have got, as we talked about, seat fillers in them." It was the first time that the couple had been seen publicly since the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. READ MORE: 'Damage was immediate' Prince Andrew forced Queen to step in after 'seismic' blunder The day was established, in 2009, by the UN's General Assembly to order to honour Mr Mandela's life and legacy. Then 91-years-old, Mandela asked people to celebrate him by supporting their communities. At the UN headquarters last month, Harry used his time on stage to talk about climate change, the war in Ukraine, global assault on democracy and freedom, and, controversially, the Roe vs Wade court case. DON'T MISS During his speech, Harry recalled a memorable image of his mum, the late Diana, Princess of Wales meeting Nelson Mandela. He revealed that he keeps the treasured photograph on a wall in his home. READ NEXT: 