American Pie star Jennifer Coolidge has confessed to sleeping with 200 people that she wouldn't have done had it not been for the success of the hit 1999 comedy. The 60-year-old actress, who played Jeanine "Stifler's Mom" Stifler, became a household and even popularised the term "MILF" (Mother I'd Like to F***), in reference to a line from the film. After becoming an overnight sensation playing Stifler's mum, the actress joked she "got a lot of play at being a MILF" and "a lot of sexual action from American Pie" in 1999. In the movie, Jennifer's character aimed to seduce her son Steve's classmate Paul "S**t Break" Finch, played by Eddie Kaye Thomas, now 41. Speaking to Variety, she said: "There were so many benefits to doing that movie. I mean, there would be like 200 people that I would never have slept with." The hit comedy - which featured an ensemble cast featuring Jason Biggs, Shannon Elizabeth, Chris Klein, Alyson Hannigan and Eugene Levy - arrived in theaters in 1999 and made more than $235 million worldwide, according to Box Office Mojo. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty reacts to BBC co-star's promotion amid show absence Her performance led to her reprising her part in American Pie 2 (2001), American Wedding (2003) and American Reunion (2012). She also landed roles in Legally Blonde and A Cinderella Story - and also in the iconic sitcom Friends. Jennifer admitted she did often struggle to find acting roles prior to her big break in American Pie. She explained that decades of rejection left her with a feeling that she had nothing to lose - rather than being downbeat.  "Ten years of my life of auditioning, none of it added up to a job," she told the same publication. "The fear is gone when you're so used to losing. There's some freedom in that." Jennifer also revealed she almost turned down her role of Tanya in The White Lotus even though her friend, series creator, Mike White had written the part for her. "I didn't like the way I looked," she said, after gaining weight during Covid-19, something she has been very honest about. DON'T MISS... Chrissy Teigen unveils baby bump two years after son Jack's death[LATEST]Heidi Klum, 49, shares steamy video with husband Tom, 32[VIDEO]Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday[UPDATES] The actress added she had no clue The White Lotus would become such a big hit when she was filming the first season. "The greatest thing was that no one knew if it was going to be anything!" Jennifer commented. The actress has since been nominated for an Emmy award for her role in the HBO series and admitted she was "surprised". Speaking to The New York Times she commented: "It feels great! I thought I’d already lost. "Someone told me that if you’re nominated someone calls you at 5:30 or 6 a.m. So, by 7 a.m., when it didn’t happen, I was like 'OK. Oh well,' and sort of let it go. "Then when I got a call from my publicist saying it had happened, I was so confused." She added: "But it’s even more thrilling. It’s really an incredible surprise." The Emmy Awards 2022 will air next month. 