Jeremy Vine on Thursday heard from Jeff, a caller in Brighton, who branded patriotic Britons as well as guest Mike Parry, as "little Englander." Mr Parry hit back at Jeff on the Channel 5 talk show after the caller admitted he could not define the term "little Englander" without "being rude." Jeff called into the show to confront Mr Parry, saying: "I am not enamored of little Englanders, you can go elsewhere and do whatever you choose." "We have the right of free speech here!" "Yes we do Jeff," replied Mr Parry. "What is a little Englander? Please define it." "I can't without being rude," replied Jeff. JUST IN: Irexit calls surge: 'Friction rising' between EU and Dublin – 'Days of being catspaw over'  "Well, that just explains all," slammed Mr Parry. "So unless your abusive you can't define what you mean by a little Englander," he pressed the caller. "So really your opinion doesn't count there." The spat is not the first time Mr Parry has clashed with callers and fellow panellists on the Jeremy Vine show. In June,  the frequent guest erupted at fellow panellist Femi Oluwole after the anti-Brexit campaigner was caught giggling while he spoke about the direction of the Conservative Party. READ MORE: Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans ‘Can’t do that!’ Mr Parry had been calling for Boris Johnson to return to "Tory-like policies" after the PM survived his no-confidence vote when he confronted Femi in a fiery slap down. He told Jeremy Vine: "If anybody can survive it's Boris Johnson, okay, I was talking to a few political analysts earlier this morning and they pointed out that Theresa May was finished, John Major was finished, but they're not Boris Johnson. "Boris Johnson is a unique politician, he's wriggled out of really difficult situations before, and if anybody can, he can. "What I want him to do, I voted Tory, I voted for Boris Johnson, come out with a raft of Tory-like policies, doesn't matter who you support in this country. DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT]  "whoever you vote for, you want them to endorse the policies in the manifesto and the Tories have gone completely the other way. "Very high taxes, expanding the welfare state and big government instead of small government and not fulfilling the advantages of Brexit." Mr Oluwole broke into a giggle at the mention of Brexit which provoked a verbal slap down from his co-panellist. Mr Parry snapped: "I don't know what you keep giggling Femi, when I am trying to make a point!?" 