 Inflation rates jumped to 9.4 percent in June - it’s sixth rise of the year - and it’s only predicted to climb higher. From energy-saving switches to food preservation techniques, Britons have been desperately searching for ways to cut costs as a recession looms, but another surprising way to cut costs could actually be to travel and work rather than stay put renting, if the option is available to you.   Renting in the UK is rapidly becoming more expensive, so much so that London Mayor Sadiq Khan has called for a rent freeze in the capital for a two-year time span.  According to the recent Spare Room Rental Index, rent prices have leapt by 15 percent in one year; growing from an average of £708 per month to £815.  In response to the Index results, Mr Khan tweeted: “This is a disgrace. Rents are soaring while landlords profit. I’ve repeatedly asked the Govt to let me freeze rents, saving Londoners £2,988 over two years. “With the cost of living crisis raging, this is more urgent than ever. The Govt must act.” Research from Hostelworld compared a one-month trip travelling abroad to one month’s rent with expenses and found it would actually be cheaper to work abroad in today’s economic climate than stay put. READ MORE: Cheap holidays: Expert tips to find the best deal 'savings jump 50%'   Research found a one-month trip would cost a solo wanderer just £1,170, with the average spend per day amounting to just £39 - including meals, activities, and accommodation. Whereas a month in London with rent averaging £815 an extra £500 towards bills, food, and going out, amounts to over 1,300, and that’s living frugally. But now, with many workplaces allowing you to “work from anywhere”, working and travelling for cheaper has become much more appealing. Nearly half of those polled (49 percent) by Hostelworld said the pandemic had altered their life goals and mindset, making travel the top priority in 2022, while 21 percent said they’ll quit their job in favour of fulfilling their wanderlust aspirations.   Hostelworld has revealed the top six awe-inspiring alternative locations you could live this year for the same cost or less than what you’re paying for right now. Volcano views If Volcano views are for you, Hostelworld recommends Free Cerveza in Guatemala. Rated 8.9 by Hostelworld with fees starting as low as £9 a night, Free Cerveza is a fun glamping hostel located right on the beautiful shores of Lake Atitlan. The lakefront property overlooks three of Central America's most famous volcanoes - San Pedro, Atitlan, and Toliman Relive the Inbetweeners film If Australia is on your bucket list, the Arts Factory Lodge in Byron Bay rates 8.2, with prices from £17 a night. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Portugal row sees 35,000 Brits without ID cards [REPORT]UK drivers warned of major fines for petrol and diesel cars in France [INSIGHT]Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade [EXPLAINED]   Home to where the second Inbetweeners movie was filmed, this five-acre subtropical haven boasts lots to do, including didgeridoo and yoga workshops. Private beach for yoga or meet local tribes To enjoy a private beach, check out Viajero Tayrona Hostel & Ecohabs in Columbia. Hostelworld rates this accommodation 8.9 with costs starting from £16 per night. The private beach offers daily activities including yoga, movie nights, and giant Jenga, or take a trip to the ‘Lost City’ to meet the Kogi, a local Indigenous tribe. Have a bath on a cliff top edge Located high up in the Amatola Mountains in South Africa, the Away with the fairies hostel has been rated a 10 with fees as low as £11 per night. This hostel boasts some of the best waterfalls and views in South Africa with its very own world-famous cliff bath. A cost effective trip with incredible mountain views With another high rating of 10, the Green Mountain Homestay in Vietnam charges fees from £7 per night and features incredible mountain views and free daily breakfast. Surf or relax on the beach If you’re a surfer, or keen to learn, the Serenity Eco Guesthouse and Yoga in Bali ranks as Hostelworld’s top hostel to check out, with fees starting from £7 per night. Well-known by the surfers and yogis, you can experience the waves or join in one of their daily yoga classes while basking in the warm Indonesian temperatures.   Although, solo-travelling - or travelling in general - can be quite a daunting experience. In light of the 30 percent of pollers admitting to being scared to make the first move socially during a trip, Hostelworld launched an app, The Solo System for both iOS and Android. The app enables solo travellers to chat to others visiting the same destination and hostels up to two weeks before their check-in date. For more information about The Solo System travel app, click here. 