Anthony Joshua has revealed what it is like training under new coaches Robert Garcia and Angel Fernandez. The two-time world heavyweight champion parted ways with long-time trainer Rob McCracken in May after losing the second fight of his professional career against Oleksandr Usyk. Following the defeat, Joshua decided that he needed a change of personnel in order to give him the best chance of victory in the rematch. Fernandez had acted as an assistant coach with Joby Clayton under McCracken for Joshua’s last two fights but was upgraded to joint head coach alongside Garcia earlier this year. Garcia joined the fold after Joshua went on a tour of US gyms in pursuit of an experienced head man. The 2011 Ring Magazine trainer of the year was picked above the likes of Virgil Hunter, Eddy Reynoso and Ronnie Shields who had all spent time with Joshua during his search. ‘AJ’ has been extremely complimentary of the duo and believes they offer better technical advice than his former mentor but also admits that the training is ‘brain fatiguing’ and extremely tiring. Speaking to The Sun, he said: “He [McCracken] would obviously say things like ‘hands up’ or ‘slip there’. But Angel and Robert Garcia break things down more. Now I might get told ‘in this round, perfect that f****** jab. The goal in this round is to get that jab popping. The next goal is to tilt more when you throw the right hand’. “It’s more tactical like that, so there is reasoning behind the method. It’s a lot to remember, it can be a bit brain fatiguing but nothing will fatigue me more than being in that ring and going through it for 12 rounds, for real, so I have to go through it.” For a time, Joshua had considered appointing Canelo Alvarez’s head trainer Reynoso but opted for Garcia instead due to his ability to offer one-on-one time and dedication. Joshua added: “I would want one-on-one time so I would not have been training alongside Canelo. That was one of the reasons we didn’t go down that route as well, I need that one-on-one time and he is committed to his fighter at the minute. “He couldn’t come here, and I am based in the UK, so we found someone who could and could work within the remit, alongside Angel when he is here or not. I don’t need the confidence. “I respect Garcia highly, that’s why his name was initially on the list, because of his name and credentials and experience. But I am happy with whatever my team decides. I can only get my confidence from my preparation and sparring. A coach can tell a fighter a million good things but if he doesn’t do them then it’s pointless.”