Through company car schemes and the Benefit-in-Kind tax rates, electric cars only have to pay two percent tax, compared to petrol and diesel vehicles which generally start from 25 percent. In the first three months of 2022, there were 2,722,060 company cars in the UK. This is an increase of almost 47,000 compared to the previous quarter, despite global supply chain issues. Joel Lund, Commercial Director of Arval UK, said that a 20 percent tax-payer with access to an electric vehicle could bring major savings. When using a company car scheme, the saving in benefit in kind tax tended to be between £1,000 to £2,000 per annum. This is being touted as a major factor while Britons deal with the cost of living. READ MORE: 'You will use less fuel': Simple and easy car tweak will 'save money' Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Very low benefit in kind and the resultant lower tax deduction, has been a key factor in electric car adoption from the moment that it became available, but it has become even more decisive in the last few months. “At a time when prices of ordinary goods and fuel are visibly rising by the month, a take-home pay increase of this kind has genuine value. “Of course, the savings don’t just stop with tax. “The cost of personal mileage for an EV driver is currently reduced compared to someone driving an internal combustion engine (ICE) equivalent, which can easily run into hundreds of pounds every year for an average motorist.” DON'T MISS'At least' another 15p expected to be knocked off fuel prices in week [RELIEF]Diesel drivers warned as major law changes may lead to rise in thefts [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as more cities seek to add new 20mph speed limit roads [WARNING] Mr Lund said individual drivers and entire fleets are switching to electric, as evidenced by Department for Transport data. Over half of all electric vehicles in the UK are now operated by businesses. Given the incentives on offer for electric vehicles, the swing of vehicles is staggering with a 40 percent reduction in diesel vehicles compared to two years ago. Mr Lund added: “In some categories, we’re almost 60 percent ahead of the SMMT’s reported overall fleet market in April when it comes to EV registrations. “This very much illustrates that our supply strategy is working for customers who are keen to transition to electrification as soon as possible. “At the prestige end of the market, which may be reserved for directors or senior staff, manufacturers generally have been able to offer more EV choices, but in the lower grades, the selection of models has been relatively limited. “But by relaxing choice lists, we are seeing some manufacturers make inroads into the fleet sector who have not necessarily been part of the core company car market in the past, but are now able to provide strong EV models with comparatively good supply.” Recently, the British Vehicle Rental and Leasing Association (BVRLA) have launched the #SeeTheBenefit campaign which calls on the Government to support the uptake of electric cars. It is also calling on the Chancellor of the Exchequer Nadhim Zahawi to give tax foresight beyond the current rates. At present, Benefit-in-Kind tax rates have only been unveiled until the 2024/2025 tax year. The motoring organisation is calling on the Government to extend the current low tax rates for electric cars. This would be particularly important not only for the uptake of electric cars, but also for the burgeoning salary sacrifice market.