Despite it only being their second match of the season, Liverpool were handed a hammer blow in their title charge after drawing 1-1 with Crystal Palace. Wilfried Zaha opened the scoring for the Eagles in the first half, though Luis Diaz hit back with a stunning solo goal. The Reds dominated the first half but found themselves behind at the break after Patrick Vieira’s side broke quickly to punish the home side’s missed opportunities. Eberechi Eze slipped a cutting pass through the centre of the park, which Zaha latched on to and slotted home. The same pattern continued in the second half, though Jurgen Klopp’s side were handed another blow after Darwin Nunez was shown a red card in the 57th minute for headbutting Joachim Andersen following a few previous altercations. Though Diaz made up for his teammate's mistake with a brilliant goal, gliding past several Palace defenders before curling the ball past Vicente Guaita. The match will have provided both managers with plenty of food for thought, and viewers will have also learned a lot from the intense bout. Express Sport looks at four things learned from the draw... JUST IN: Gary Neville leaves studio in stitches with comment on Ten Hag Nunez the focal point In years gone by, Klopp’s side have enjoyed success from driving to the byline and cutting the ball back to one of their forwards. But the arrival of Darwin Nunez from Benfica has seen that system adjust slightly, with players more willing to cut out the middle man and play the ball long to their new signings. Trent Alexander-Arnold consistently aimed for Nunez when receiving the ball deep, and the 23-year-old did win several headers and hold the ball up, which certainly benefited Mohamed Salah who was able to run off of his strike partner. But the former Almeria forward showed his immature side when barging into Andersen when the ball was out of play, and was later sent off for a headbutt on the Palace defender. There have been some positive signs but Nunez doesn't seem completely settled on Merseyside just yet.  Vieira’s No 9 desire clear Against top sides, it appears Vieira would rather start another central defender and switch to a back-five than trust his usual attack. Of course, it could be a tactical switch, but Palace’s desire to sign a forward may indicate that the manager does not feel that he has an out-and-out striker capable of rising to the big occasion. Zaha instead led the line for the Eagles rather than Odsonne Edouard, who played against Arsenal, with Joel Ward slotting in at central defence. Goalscorer Zaha did well at Anfield and his willingness to run in behind caused Liverpool an abundance of issues, though his lack of physical presence was obvious in the latter stages of the match when his team needed him to hold the ball up and slow down the match. Obvious Man City and Liverpool difference It is hard to criticise title contenders Liverpool and Manchester City given that they are the two best clubs in the world. However, a glaring difference between the clubs became obvious as Palace exploited the Reds’ openness at the back to counter attacks. The away side found joy from attacking quickly and aggressively when retrieving possession, making use of Alexander-Arnold and Andrew Robertson pushing so high and leaving their central defenders isolated. Jamie Carragher also picked up on the weakness of his former side, telling Sky Sports: “How they always get caught and for me this is the difference between Liverpool and Man City, counter-attacks and that’s the difference between the two teams. “Liverpool played well for most of the game but this was always the plan from Palace or any team coming up against them.” The Reds have often enjoyed success from their fullbacks pushing forward, but it is certainly something that teams will look to exploit after Monday night’s performance. Elliott justifies Klopp’s transfer reluctance Heading into the summer transfer window, many expected a midfielder to be one of Liverpool’s priority signings. However, Klopp reiterated throughout that he is content with his options – and reempthasised that point despite their recent injury woes. And the performance of Harvey Elliott in the cetre of the park showed why the manager was content with his depth. The 19-year-old worked tirelessly in the centre of the park to be a threat in the final third but also help out defensively. Elliott did well in the No 10 role, being able to drift out wide and cause overloads in those areas but also attempt to latch on to the end of crosses. Last season, the academy graduate was a first-team regular before his injury, and performances like Monday’s indicate that there is no reason why that can’t be the case again. 