Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta struggled to hide the smirk on his face when quizzed about Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's prospective move to Chelsea on Friday. The Barcelona striker was shipped out of north London earlier this year after a spat with Arteta and he is strongly linked to Arsenal's local rivals. When put in an awkward position, Arteta shunned the possibility of a friendly meet-up if he completes his switch to Stamford Bridge. Aubameyang was stripped of the Arsenal captaincy before having his contract terminated in February. The Gunners forked out millions to cut him loose and, having sealed a move to Barcelona, he rubbed their noses in it by scoring 11 goals in 17 La Liga matches. The veteran forward may have a chance to prove a point closer to home amid rumours that Chelsea are preparing to strike a deal with La Blaugrana. Personal terms are already thought to be agreed and it is now up to the two clubs as to whether Aubameyang returns to the Premier League just seven months after he left. When pressed on the move, Arteta told reporters: "In relation to Auba, it's his future and we wish him the best, whatever he decides." The Arsenal boss was then asked if he would meet up with the striker for a coffee, to which he replied with a contained smile on his face: "I normally don't do that with players." JUST IN: Aubameyang to Chelsea takes twist as Barcelona star flies to Paris instead of London   Aubameyang spent four seasons with the Gunners, scoring 92 goals in 163 matches. While the decision to let him go was criticised by many, the Arsenal squad has seemingly become more harmonious and they have replaced his goals with Brazilian sensation Gabriel Jesus. The 25-year-old scored twice and set up a trio of goals in his first three Premier League games for the club following a £45m move from Manchester City. Gunners fans are quietly optimistic that Jesus will be in the conversation for the Golden Boot this campaign, but Aubameyang could be right there with him if their cross-city rivals decide to pull the trigger. DON'T MISS...Leao's stance on joining Chelsea as Todd Boehly prepares 'new offer'Man Utd prepare Asensio bid with Ten Hag 'determined' to land starMan Utd star Casemiro explains key part John Murtough played in Madrid exit  Direct negotiations between the Blues and Barcelona are believed to be ongoing but Chelsea's desire to introduce Marcos Alonso as part of the switch is creating complications. Barca may find themselves holding less leverage as time goes on with financial struggles currently preventing them from registering summer recruit Jules Kounde. Aubameyang and Tuchel formed a prolific player-manager partnership at Borussia Dortmund and the former Gabon international could buck the trend of frontmen floundering at Stamford Bridge. Arsenal may strike back by making a statement signing of their own, however, and Arteta hinted that plans are already in place to sign a new winger after Nicolas Pepe joined Nice on loan.  "We have decided, for every party, that it was the best decision for all parties to allow [Pepe] to go," said the Spaniard. "He needs to play minutes, he needs to play football. He was really adamant to do that and we decided to do the best thing for everybody. "If we can implement the [replacement] plan we have, we will try to do it. We’ve been preparing for the past two months for what we want. If we achieve that, I don’t know."