Tottenham have a better front three than back-to-back Premier League champions Manchester City, claims Rangers legend Ally McCoist. Spurs got off to a flying start to the new season at the weekend and have even been tipped to challenge for the title this term. Antonio Conte's side beat Southampton 4-1 in north London on Saturday. Neither Harry Kane or Heung-min Son were on the scoresheet, to outline the goalscoring threat Spurs have in their squad. City also got their campaign off to a fine start, with two goals from summer signing Erling Haaland in a victory over West Ham. But McCoist believes Spurs have the upper hand in terms of their attacking players compared to both City and Liverpool. He said on talkSPORT: "When you look at [Dejan] Kulusevski, Son and Harry Kane, they're arguably the best front three in the country. They really are. They're fantastic. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest  "You can argue [Mohamed] Salah's a better player. I'll stand by what I've said because they might be better than [Erling] Haaland, [Phil] Foden and [Jack] Grealish. Absolutely. "Kulusevski, Son and Kane, brilliant, absolutely brilliant. Of course the City front three's tremendous, so is the Liverpool front three." McCoist's claim came after former Spurs midfielder Jamie O'Hara backed his old club to challenge for the title this season. O'Hara was impressed with Saturday's win and expects big things from Conte's side this term. He said: “It was a fantastic performance. It was a bit sloppy at the start, but what a turnaround, I knew we’d brush them aside. DON'T MISSSaliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exitsDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made  “It’s all to play for, I think we really can… can we challenge for the title this season? Listen, Liverpool were sloppy, and you look at Spurs – I believe! I really do believe! “I think we can do something special , we didn’t even play any of the new signings. Sessegnon was excellent, Kulusevski was brilliant, we look fit, we look strong, Harry Kane looks like he’s 25 years of age. “I’m so excited. Antonio Conte is a winning manager, he has won the league, he’s done it. We did the double over Man City last season, we drew both games against Liverpool. Last season we got beat by Southampton, these are the games that we lost, but now we look like we're going out to win games week in week out. I really think we can challenge.” 