Tottenham have returned to the table with a new player-plus-cash offer for the services of Roma midfielder Nicolo Zaniolo, according to reports. The north Londoners have already worked tirelessly to improve their squad over the course of this summer but are still believed to be keen on adding further reinforcements before the transfer window closes next month. Zaniolo is said to be among the other players of interest to Antonio Conte, who knows the Roma man well and is eager to bring him to Tottenham over the coming weeks. An initial offer was recently knocked back by Zaniolo's current employers but Spurs have since returned to the table with a brand new proposal in an attempt to swing proceedings in their favour, according to Calciomercato.It is claimed that Tottenham have offered a fixed sum alongside the services of Tanguy Ndombele, who appears to have no future under Conte's management as things stand. However, Roma are only said to be looking for a straight cash deal and have no interest in adding Ndombele to their ranks, with Jose Mourinho looking to avoid selling Zaniolo for the foreseeable future.The Roma boss was said to have had a say in the rejection of Tottenham's first bid for Zaniolo and could well veto his former club once again by turning down their latest part-exchange proposal. The possibility of Zaniolo leaving Roma does not appear to be entirely out of the question, though, with the Italian giants aware that it would be difficult to snub an 'inalienable' offer in exchange for the midfielder. JUST IN: Chelsea told to snub Frenkie de Jong and sign alternative Tottenham director Fabio Paratici is said to be 'obsessed' with the idea of bringing Zaniolo to the club in order to provide an injection of quality to their midfield over the course of this season and beyond. It remains to be seen whether a deal can eventually be agreed in the not-too-distant future, although it seems as though a swap offer will not be the way forward for Tottenham this summer.Zaniolo's future at Roma has been called into question over the last few months amid his apparent reluctance to put pen to paper on a new deal at the Stadio Olimpico as of yet. Former Roma man Stefano Impallomeni believes that Zaniolo still has a future in the Italian capital, though, and is not expecting to see him leave for Tottenham prior to the end of the summer transfer window. "For me, he stays," Impallomeni told Tuttomercatoweb when quizzed on Zaniolo's standing at Roma. "Then, I don’t know if he plays in the front four, plus [Georginio] Wijnaldum."I see it difficult, who is better plays. Competitiveness rises. Zaniolo has overcome two serious injuries, he is a good professional but now is the time to become great." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.