A bit like an astronaut needing to be pretty certain that the world is round, not flat, or a driving instructor actually knowing how to drive, or a physicist accepting that Einstein's Theory of Relativity was, you know, sort of right. Not where God is part of the equation apparently. This week it was revealed that a humanist has become the first head chaplain of a prison not to believe in the Almighty. The 50-year-old woman, who has not been named, says that if prisoners want to pray to God she will noy be joining them. The woman - remember, she is head chaplain, and leads a team of around 20 other chaplains - is quoted as saying: "I don't believe there's a God. I believe in making my own pathway and living by my own set of rules and beliefs." Hmm. The title of chaplain dates to the early centuries of the Christian church. So it implies not only a belief in God, but a belief that Christ was His son. If there is no God, Jesus was just a charismatic but ultimately doomed preacher - which is presumably what this prison chaplain thinks.  So she will not pray and she thinks God is a delusion. (Actually, that is pretty much a description of me - but then again I am not a man of the cloth, am I? I am a cynical old heathen hack). Of course, this issue goes right to the top of the Church. A few years ago Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, told an audience in Bristol Cathedral he doubted the very existence of God, before quickly adding that this was "probably not what an Archbishop of Canterbury should say."  But that did not stop him from sharing an inner conversation he had had on a recent morning run with his dog. "I ended up saying to God: "Look, this is all very well but isn't it about time you did something? If you're there?"." "If you're there?" Hmm again. I admire Welby's honesty and frankness but on the whole I wish he had kept his doubts to himself. I lost my own faith many years ago and I miss it and I would really like it back. How can I and people like me come back into the fold if our shepherd says he too suspects God (and an afterlife) is, in the late Professor Stephen Hawking's words, "just wishful thinking"? Hawking was as certain in his disbelief ("No one created the universe and no one directs our fate") as that new prison chaplain is in hers. But Hawking did not set himself up as a man of the cloth. That would have been absurd. If our chaplains and archbishops do not believe in God, is not that an absurdity in itself? And if they do not, why, or how, can we?  Not since James Callaghan flew home from a Caribbean jolly looking suspiciously suntanned and relaxed, and landed in the middle of the 1979 Winter of Discontent, loftily opining: "Crisis? What crisis?" have we felt so bereft of leadership in this country. To be fair, Callaghan, right, the doomed Labour PM, did not actually utter those exact words. They were in a newspaper headline summarising his general insouciant attitude, but they finished off him and his government. It is much worse now. The ship of state is drifting on to the rocks. No one is on the bridge. A sacked captain sulks in his cabin while his two would-be successors roam the decks grovelling for support. They cannot even briefly set aside their differences to steer around the iceberg of economic catastrophe that lies dead ahead. Rishi and Liz would rather bicker about deckchairs than lower the lifeboats. To switch metaphors: Rome's self-obsessed emperor Nero fiddled while Rome burned; a quintessentially ineffectual leader in a time of crisis.  Parents have demanded a York tourist attraction changes the name of a Dick Turpin carriage ride to Richard Turpin. Why? Because, they say, the word "Dick" is offensive. Right. We should better make some other alterations, sharpish, have we not? "spotted Dick" to "spotted Richard". "Coq-au-vin" to "chicken-au-vin". "Breast of duck" to "chest of duck". "Pussybow" to "catbow"... and so on. Sanity has prevailed in York, thank the stars. Organisers of the attraction have, in effect, told the supersensitive parents to get stuffed. Or maybe that should be "get crammed". We do not want them fainting or bursting into tears, do we? I have presented many TV or radio programmes that included an obituary to a famous person who has just died, but never with as large a lump stuck in my throat as on Good Morning Britain this Tuesday. Olivia Newton-John? Gone? Forever? I still cannot quite believe it or accept it. Neither could our older viewers. She was long part of the pleasanter backdrops to our lives. God bless you, lovely Livvy. Rest in peace.  