The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced they are planning a visit next month to attend a number of charity events in between travelling to Germany to mark one year to go before the Invictus Games 2023. Their arrival in the UK coincides with the Queen's visit to Balmoral for her annual summer break.  It has been reported the royal couple may be hoping to meet with the Queen, but some sources have said this might be difficult as Her Majesty may be tied up with other engagements. There are currently no plans for Meghan and Harry to meet the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, with Prince William setting off on a US tour next month. But the Queen, who is likely to be in London or Windsor for two or three days to deal with matters relating to the change of Prime Minister, may be too tied up with state business to meet the couple. One source told Daily Express today: "There are a lot of moving parts to deal with in those days."  The last time the Duke and Duchess were in the UK was to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. The monarch met her great granddaughter, Lilibet, for the first time during the four-day celebrations. Despite being on her annual summer break, the Queen is expected to fly back to London to meet her outgoing Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and his replacement after the winner of the Conservative Party leadership contest is announced on September 5. It is not clear if Harry, 37, and Meghan, 41, will stay with the Queen in the Highlands or try to see her in London or Windsor when she returns briefly. READ MORE: Royal: Sussex fury as Duchess told to 'shut up' But royal sources believe it is almost certain that the Sussexes will want to meet the 96-year-old monarch, not least to bolster the commercial value of their brand. Hopes of a reconciliation between Harry and William have been damaged by the revelation that Harry has written a memoir, which is due to be published before the end of the year. The book is expected to reopen wounds over the Sussexes’ claim of racism inside the Royal Family and allegations that Meghan bullied palace staff. Senior royals and their advisers are on tenterhooks over what will be in the book. But the Sussexes and their publishers, Penguin Random House, have refused to discuss the contents or confirm a publication date. In a statement this morning, Harry and Meghan’s office confirmed their September trip to the UK and Germany.  DON'T MISS:Royal fans gush as Meghan Markle announces date for 'keynote speech' [COMMENT]Is YOUR surname on the list? THOUSANDS of estates sit unclaimed [INSIGHT]Protestors barricade themselves around immigration vehicles [PICTURES] The couple will head to Manchester for the One Young World Summit, an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries, on September 5. Meghan, a counsellor for the organisation, will give the keynote address at the opening ceremony. One Young World said they will also meet a group of summit delegates doing "outstanding work on gender equality". The Sussexes will then head to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event on September 6, before returning to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London on September 8 where Harry will deliver a speech. A spokesman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." 