Over the last week, Asda and Morrisons have slashed petrol and diesel prices at their filling stations across the UK. Both supermarkets were praised by experts and some drivers for helping reduce costs after motorists dealt with record high prices in recent months. Andrew Ball, Fuel Operations Manager at Morrisons, said drivers would benefit from the change at a time when millions are struggling with money. He said: "It's the summer holidays and we know how tough the current cost of living is for our customers “So we hope this fuel price reduction will help motorists to save money at this challenging time." Morrisons has cut the cost of unleaded petrol and diesel by an average of six pence a litre over the last week at all 339 of its UK forecourts. READ MORE: Morrisons slashes petrol and diesel prices at all UK fuel stations ASDA cut their prices earlier this week in a move which affects all 323 of its petrol stations. Drivers will save five pence per litre of unleaded petrol and three pence per litre on diesel. Luke Bosdet, AA’s fuel price spokesperson, said: “Asda’s price move is impressive, in effect cutting 10p a litre off the UK average price of petrol. “That’s potentially a fiver off a tank for those filling up this weekend, compared to the artificially-high prices on too many major retailer forecourts and in too many towns. DON'T MISSAngry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING]British expats in Spain given major update after driving licence ban [INSIGHT]'Absolutely crucial!': Hypermiling tips can help drivers slash costs [IMPORTANT] “First, it was a few dozen small independent forecourts showing up the big boys. “Now, Asda has called them out with on average a fiver off the cost of a tank of petrol.” However, not everyone was impressed with the price cuts, saying that prices should have been reduced earlier. One commenter, stevedon99, claimed: “At a little garage in a place called Leintwardine in Shropshire, their fuel is £162.9 for petrol and £178.9 for diesel. “Now if a little independent garage can offer these prices, it is a fact the larger garages are RIPPING us off as usual!” Another reader, Transportlady, questioned why supermarkets and major retailers had not introduced price cuts sooner. They said: “So after seven weeks of straight reductions in oil prices, independents dropping prices by 32 pence per litre, Morrison’s now decides to drop by SIX pence per litre. “Still, its food is rising with the cartel big supermarkets. It’s like a huge disgusting game of stealth watching how far they can take their prices. “Greed, pure greed. I will never shop at any of them again.” The RAC predicts that both petrol and diesel prices will continue to fall, just a few weeks after drivers faced the most expensive costs the UK had ever seen. A third driver, using the nickname Stand Strong, said: “No it's not good news for drivers. “The price should be 60p per litre and not the racketeering prices we have now. “Massive profits for all oil, gas and electricity companies while we the people suffer for their greed. “Government must cut VED by 90 percent and remove all VAT on fuel to help people live a more balanced life (retail and food cheaper if they done this). “This would give more disposable income and improve the economy and treasury.”