Wendy Hayes, 61, had five dogs, which contracted Brucella canis from a Belarusian rescue dog she was fostering. The infected dog, Moosha, had only been with Wendy for three days before signs emerged. Ms Hayes, from Stoke-on-Trent, brought Moosha, a German Shepherd cross, over through a rescue dog company which sources strays from Ukraine and Belarus. She was initially put on a "stay at home" notice due to a fear of rabies - but both her and the rescue dog were eventually diagnosed with Brucella canis two months later. Human transmission of the disease is rare but after the grandmother-of-two starting showing severe symptoms she was tested and remains on antibiotics. As a result, Ms Hayes suffered a high temperature, chills, and shivers, bad shakes, severe headaches, severe back ache and low blood pressure. Because the rescue dog was infected, Ms Hayes was forced to say goodbye to her Jack Russell Benson, 13, Patterdale Cross Dougie, 11, pug named Tiny, four, and an unknown breed pooch named Max, nine. Speaking to the Mirror, Ms Hayes said: “It felt so unreal, to think about how many people are in the UK, to think that this is the first ever for this type of strain. “The doctors were actually quite excited.” Ms Hayes said she "went into shock" after realising what she would have to do to the family dogs. She said: “The impact is devastating. The life went out of the house, it didn’t feel like home. “There was a feeling of guilt as it was my choice to bring her into the house. It didn’t feel like a home." READ MORE: Storm Tracker LIVE: Heavy rain fall across UK - where is it raining? Ms Hayes also said: “I had read enough of the infection at this point. I knew that I’d have to do to our dogs. “I just went into shock, I was sobbing. There was no real choice, there was no real quality of life for them. “Benson, Douggie and Max (another foster dog) were positive while Tiny had tested negative but was at a high risk of positive. “It's heartbreaking to have one dog put down, let alone do it three times over. How do you get over that?" DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: '12 out of 10' Putin's war in TATTERS - Russians crumble UK storm: 'Danger to life' as Brits to be lashed by 3 days of rain Queen leads tributes for Anne as Firm shares candid snap on birthday Ms Hayes said the foster company needed to take more responsibility for testing. She added: “I had Moosha for three days, she came on March 20 before she started aborting her puppies, which was pretty horrific. “She was literally walking around the house dropping her puppies, there was blood all over the house. “I managed to get a hold of two of them. Tried to bring it around but it was dead. That is probably when I contracted the disease."