 On Monday morning, Lorraine presenter Christine Lampard was joined by Wayne Sleep and Sophia Wyatt as they paid tribute to Princess Diana 25 years after her death. As Wayne recalled his ballet performance with the Royal, he slammed Netflix’s The Crown for its inaccurate depiction.     Famed British dancer Wayne opened up about the moment he discovered Princess Diana was a fan of his work and wanted to dance with him. Recalling the phone call, Wayne revealed: “She said ‘Hello Wayne Sleep’ will you come and meet me?’” “I went to the studios where I first met her, I’d seen her in pictures everywhere and I think she was a bit of a fan, she used to wait at the stage door sometimes.” He added: “I just walked in and saw this towering beauty above me. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘very worried’ he’s ‘going to be in trouble’ with memoir    “I’m so small anyway and she was so grand, she looked at me and blushed under her eyelids.” Repeating Diana’s words, the dancer added: “‘Good morning Wayne, I’d like to dance with you at Christmas'. “And I thought, we can’t dance together we’d be a laughing stock, we got to talk and talk and I said we’re going to get somebody else to do the dance, and I’ll choreograph. “Then I said, 'Do you mind if I have a sit down I’ve had a late night',” to which the Princess responded, “You naughty boy.”   Wayne continued: “Then I realised we could do the dance because we could do a oneupmanship in tongue and cheek. “So the minute I pirouetted, she pushed me down, she’d kick over my head, walk away very elegantly. Their performance was depicted in Netflix’s historical drama The Crown which followed the reign of Queen Elizabeth II. The season four episode titled Avalanche opened up with Princess Diana (played by Emma Corrin) and Prince Charles (Josh O'Connor) attending a private event at the Royal Opera House in London.  DON'T MISS...Endeavour fans devastated as boss shares disappointing update [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent forced to cut interview over 'problem' [NEWS]Lorraine Kelly inundated with support as elderly mum taken to hospital [INSIGHT]   Then in a surprising twist, Diana appeared on stage to perform with Wayne Sleep. However, there were some inconsistencies with the scene which the professional dancer slammed on the chat show. Speaking on the reaction from the crowd, Wayne stated: “Then the whole audience, it’s different to The Crown because I saw that. “In The Crown, they all go ‘Wow,’ but it wasn’t at all, they were all shocked as she walked on stage and looked at them, they didn’t quite know and thought it was a look-a-like.     “As she walked again and looked at them, they realised it was Diana and 2000 people took their breaths, in silence and then it started to filter through.” The famed dancer detailed the moment after the dance and stated: “We did a curtain call and I said ‘You have to bow to the Royal box you know’ she said ‘I’m not bowing for him he’s my hubby'." “I said ‘Well I have to bow,’ I made a bow and as we ran off she said ‘You won't get your OBE like that.’” Sophie also shared her encounter with Princess Diana, who she met at 19 years old when the Royal was doing charity work as she was in Queen Mary's Hospital, in London. At the time Sophia was hospitalised and had both her legs and some fingers amputated after she fell ill with Meningitis. express.co.uk has reached out for comment Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.