The Walking Dead might be winding down but the universe of the zombie apocalypse drama is just getting bigger. AMC is not just lauching a Rick Grimes (played by Andrew Lincoln) and Michonne Hawthorne (Danai Gurira) series, but also a show focusing on Maggie Rhee (Lauren Cohan) and Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) as well as a drama focusing on Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus) and Carol Peletier (Melissa McBride). Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the Isle of the Dead and keep you updated on the latest on the forthcoming show. The drama doesn’t have an air date as yet but it is reportedly going into production later this year, according to TV Guide. Isle of the Dead is expected to be debuting in 2023, just like the Rick and Michonne series, which makes sense considering parent series The Walking Dead would have wrapped up. There will be a total of six episodes and possibly more to follow depending on the success of Isle of the Dead. This is also the same number as the Rick and Michonne series, which again could get more episodes if the viewing figures are right. Isle of the Dead is expected to be airing on a weekly basis on AMC in America and potentially on FOX UK in Britain or AMC UK on BT TV, depending on distribution deals. READ MORE: Rick and Michonne The Walking Dead spin off: All we know Taking the lead will be veteran cast member Cohan reprising her role as Maggie, a role she has portrayed since 2011. Joining her will be villain-turned-anti-hero Negan played by Morgan, who has won over audiences since appearing on the series. Another cast member expected to be in Isle of the Dead is Kien Michael Spiller as Hershel, Maggie’s son with dead husband Glenn Rhee (Steven Yuen). Negan’s new wife Annie, played by Medina Senghore, is also likely to be starring in the show. Longtime The Walking Dead writer Eli Jorné serves the creator and show runner on Isle of the Dead. Additionally, both Morgan and Cohan will serve as executive producers on the series. Isle of the Dead is going to be set in a post-apocalyptic Manhattan in New York City, swarming with Walkers. The setting is a first for The Walking Dead universe, which hasn’t really ventured to this part of America before. Maggie and Negan make an unlikely pairing given he murdered Glenn brutally in front of her. She has had trouble forgiving him, even after leaving The Walking Dead for a period of time and then coming back. The Walking Dead has shown Maggie building up some trust with Negan after he protected her son Hershel, however, the pair will never be friends. Cohan gave a “hell no” when asked whether Maggie and Negan could become buddies. She said: "We'll never be friends. You just got to try to make lemonade out of the lemons." The actress promised Isle of the Dead was “cooler than you can even imagine” and said she was excited to start filming. DON'T MISS...How much was Andrew Lincoln paid for The Walking Dead? [EXPLAINER]Norman Reedus salary: How much is star paid for The Walking Dead? [INSIGHT]Walking Dead: Why did Tom Payne leave The Walking Dead as Jesus? [ANALYSIS] Filming on The Walking Dead concluded recently and so, Cohan and Morgan will be getting into their show after the summer. In a statement via The Hollywood Reporter in March, AMC executive Dan McDermott said: “This is a very big day for the expanding universe we are building around The Walking Dead. “It not only adds another compelling series to this collection, it extends our storytelling around two unforgettable characters fans have grown to love, hate or hate and then love in Maggie and Negan, brilliantly inhabited by Lauren and Jeffrey.” He added: “It also lets us explore a corner of this universe located on the island of Manhattan, with an iconic skyline that takes on a very different meaning when viewed through the lens of a zombie apocalypse.” The Walking Dead season 11 midseason premiere airs on AMC on October 2 and FOX UK on October 3