Ryan Reynolds, 45, has discussed how his wife Blake Lively was disappointed by the actor’s decision to buy Welsh football team Wrexham AFC. Ryan bought the team alongside actor Rob McElhenney in 2020. He appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Tuesday and told how he broke the news to his wife. Ryan presented the actress with “bad news” and “really bad news". He said: “I remember seeing Blake, saying, I have bad news and I have really bad news. “I slipped into someone's DMs again. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning “The really bad news is that I might have bought half of a fifth tier national football league in Wales.” He told Rob, who was guest hosting the show, that the couple were “still working through that one". The acting duo, who bought the club together, have since gone on to film a docs-series about the ordeal, which will be released on August 24. Speaking on the show, Ryan said he met Rob by “sliding into his DMs.” Their lack of real football knowledge has seen them subject to open scorn by various famous faces within the game. In a recent clip shared by Rob, it showed the pair celebrating at Wembley stadium after what they thought was a goal. However, they failed to notice the referee had put down the offside flag. Ryan described the incident as “humiliating”. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne clutches Ozzy’s hand after Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Zoe Ball breaks down in tears on air over Olivia Newton-John's death [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp 're-signs seven-figure deal' with Dior Sauvage [HOLLYWOOD] They went on to mention that David Beckham was watching the game with them from the box. “We were cheering,” Rob said. “We looked over at Beckham. He was just shaking his head.” Rob then asked the Deadpool actor how many other celebrities’ DM’s he slid into regularly. “Not very often but this one in particular changed my life,” he replied. Ryan is an actor best-known for his 30 year career in film and television, starring in films such as Deadpool and Green Lantern, during the filming of which he met wife Blake. Meanwhile, Wrexham co-owner Rob is best-known for co-creating It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia, as well as starring in the show as Mac, a central character.