During an old episode of Antiques Roadshow, guests brought their items to the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester to be valued by the experts. Two people showcased a set of silver plates which belonged to their church and were historically significant to the first president of the United States of America. Introducing the item to the crowd, expert Alastair said: "You’ve brought along a magnificent set of church plates here, including communion flagon, communion cups and a pate. “I’ve noticed they all have the same inscription on.” The Antiques Roadshow expert noted the pieces were given by Lady Pargiter to Garsden church. He read: “She was formerly wife to Lawrence Washington esquire who both be buried here.”  Wanting to learn more about the set, Alastair questioned the guest on the significance of the items. The guest said: “Lady Pargiter was the widow of Lawrence Washington and in memory of his death, she presented this to the church over 300 years ago. "We have strong connections, with the Washington family  because within the church there is this memorial and that is the Washington memorial.” Showing viewers a photo of the memorial and mentioning the coat of arms, the guest added: "Within that, there are stars and stripes.   “Back in the 1600s, it is understood they form part of the stars and stripes in the American flag. “Subsequently, George Washington became the first president of the United States.” Alastair was visibly blown away by the silver set as he commented the story was “absolutely fascinating". The expert then inspected the set further, noting: "We’ve got a lovely set of hallmarks, date letter G, it was made in 1684.   “We've got the maker's mark CK, he is a known maker but we don't know his name. “Shortly after these were made there was a fire at the London Assay office and all the records of the marks to the names were destroyed.” It was then time for Alastair to value the historic artefact and reveal what it would be worth. "Well I know that it's never going to be sold, but I think it would be interesting to put a value on," he remarked.  “The story with the Washington family, the stars and stripes, it really makes this something incredibly difficult to put a figure on. “But I'm really sure, I’m comfortable that this would fetch well over £100,000.” A loud gasp came from the crowd with the guest saying they were “very much indebted” to their original benefactor. Alastair added: “It’s been an absolute pleasure and joy to see and handle such wonder pieces of 17th century silver.” Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.