Thursday's TalkTV show saw Piers Morgan stand-in Jeremy Kyle pleading for Justin Urquhart Stewart to give viewers some hope after the Bank of England issued a warning to the UK that it will fall into recession later this year following raised interest rates. The investment manager and business commentator remarked that the UK is "great" with small technology companies and took a swipe at Germany and France, claiming the UK have more small businesses in the field than the two EU nations put together. After ranting about the latest blow to the nation, Jeremy told Justin: "I want to put it in layman's terms, okay? "We see all these figures thrown out, inflation here - put it in layman's terms. "What does today mean for men and women up and down this country who want to know in their pocket what the reality is?" "Right, what they're going to see is the value of their money is devaluing really quite fast at the moment," Justin explained. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history "Because actually, what's happening to the economy - it is still growing - but we've got politicians who seem to be focusing on the wrong issues at the moment. "[They're] not focusing on the areas where the economy is growing. "We're focusing on some of the old industrial areas. "Meanwhile, we've got a chancellor - have we got a chancellor? Not quite sure which one he is today..." "[Nadhim] Zahawi, today," the former Jeremy Kyle Show host replied. Justin continued: "And the Bank of England, the Bank of England is apparently independent... no it's not. "So we've actually got the position where the Bank of England is really in a difficult position. "Because you're told, 'If you've got inflation, put interest rates up,' but hang on, if you put interest rates up, you've got to slow the economy... the last thing you want to do is slow the economy." "That's all well and good, but treat me as an idiot, right," Jeremy cut in. DON'T MISS... Joan Fontaine admits Hitchcock kept stars at loggerheads [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert values Titanic memorabilia from last survivor [LATEST] A Place in the Sun host reflects on difficult guests [EXCLUSIVE] "Electricity and gas bills, £3,300. Petrol, diesel, £2 a litre, a hosepipe ban, you can't take a flight anywhere, unemployment's skyrocketing, you can't get a GP appointment, you can't see a dentist! "People out there are going, 'Where does this end?' "You say about the figures, but if you're watching this, what hope have you got? What are you grasping hold of tonight?" "Well, you are actually seeing parts of the economy are still doing really rather well," Justin argued.  Taking a swipe at Europe, the finance expert commented: "You've got the small technology companies, where we actually set up more small businesses in this country than France and Germany put together! "Unfortunately, we're not very good at growing them. We get to a certain scale, they get bought up by the Americans and go elsewhere. "So we're really good at that, and not necessarily in London, you go to the technology centres around the universities all over the country and you'll find some really exciting businesses there. "They're looking at the wrong bit, that's where the future is!" Justin defiantly said, proposing an optimistic outlook for the UK's future. Uncensored airs Monday to Thursday from 8pm on TalkTV.