Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has explained that there could be behind-the-scenes issues plaguing Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel ahead of their first Premier League game of the season away to Everton. The Blues have brought in Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney Chukwuemeka and Gabriel Slonina this summer, but the German coach has cut a disappointed figure during pre-season. After his side’s 4-0 pre-season loss to Arsenal in Florida, Tuchel was asked whether his side were ready to begin the new season. “I can not guarantee it,” Tuchel replied. “I saw today a team in Arsenal who are mentally committed to an idea of playing, a level of exhaustion, a level of physical commitment that we could not match. “Also, a level of mental commitment that we lacked because we have a lot of players who are thinking about leaving and looking at their options. We have players that have left and I think at the moment that's obvious. “We had an urgent appeal for quality players and a huge amount of quality players. We've got two quality players, that is no doubt, but we are not competitive like this and unfortunately, we could see it today.” READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer At the time Chelsea had only signed Sterling and Koulibaly, but Ferdinand believes that there could be some unrest at the club in order for Tuchel to be so unhappy. "I don't care about results in pre-season, it was more the aftermath," Ferdinand told the Mirror. "There must be some things happening behind the scenes that we're not aware of as yet, he seems disgruntled and unhappy. There are maybe some players angling for a move behind-the-scenes that we're not aware of. He's brought Sterling in who will be a great addition, but if they lose the players that they're talking about losing. READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activityMan Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer "[Antonio] Rudiger's a massive loss, but Koulibaly's come in - I think he'll be a good signing this year. He's experienced. But I think they need more again and I think he's very aware of that and it's not happening quick enough for them. If they don't have any more movement in the window, I'd be worried about them.” Chelsea are in talks to sign Brighton defender Marc Cucurella in order to bolster their options in the back, but Graham Potter’s side publicly denied reports that a deal had been agreed. “Contrary to inaccurate reports from numerous media outlets this evening, no agreement has been reached with any club to sell Marc Cucurella,” the Brighton official Twitter account posted on Wednesday evening. There had been rumours claiming that a fee of £52.5million had been agreed for the Spaniard, who has since been sent to train alone ahead of the Seagulls’ opening game of the season away to Manchester United.