The Hollywood actress has spoken about how her 2006 portrayal of Queen Elizabeth led to a hilarious encounter with Prince Harry. Dame Helen has revealed she has spoken with both Prince Harry and Prince William about portraying their grandmother. She said: "Harry and William, have mentioned it to me and they have been very funny and very cool about it. "I was at an awards ceremony and Harry said, 'And granny is here' and I was rather insulted by that. "I mean, really" the actress jokingly added.  In 2006, Mirren played Her Majesty in a film called ‘The Queen’ which portrays the aftermath of Princess Diana’s death in 1997. Dame Helen revealed she was nervous about playing the Queen and she questioned if it was appropriate for an actor to play a living monarch. The actress says she had to take voice coaching lessons in order to perfect her portrayal and also watched plenty of video footage to prepare for the role. Once she was in costume, the actress said crew members would stand up straight with their arms behind their back when speaking to her, as she was a convincing resemblance to the Queen.   READ MORE: Farage fumes at 'self-serving' Meghan for 'wrecking the Royal Family' The actress said she got in contact with the Queen due to the sensitive topic the film portrays. In an interview with Radio Times, Ms Mirren said: "I realised we were investigating a profoundly painful part of her life, so I wrote to her. "How do you write to your Queen? Was it Madam, or Your Highness, or Your Majesty? "I said: 'We are doing this film. We are investigating a very difficult time in your life. I hope it's not too awful for you'. "I can't remember how I put it. I just said that in my research I found myself with a growing respect for her, and I just wanted to say that. "She didn't write back, of course, but her secretary did. "You know, 'Yours sincerely, da di da di da,' on behalf of the Queen. "I was very relieved subsequently that I had written that letter." DON'T MISS:Where did Princess Diana live before she died? [REVEAL]Diana's life in pictures: How the People's Princess changed the world [REPORT]'Dread to think': Firm panic over Harry book after Meghan interview [INSIGHT] The Hollywood actress does not know if the Queen has ever watched it, but Ms Mirren believes the Monarch is aware of the movie. Helen Mirren won several awards for her portrayal of the Queen, such as an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild Awards and a BAFTA award. The screenwriter for the movie, Peter Morgan, would go on to create the hit Netflix show ‘The Crown’ which is about the reign of Queen Elizabeth and is due to end in 2023. 