Boris Johnson has rightly been applauded for the lead he took on Ukraine. Not to be left out of the limelight, Rishi Sunak now claims the lead he took in creating one of the biggest package of sanctions ever imposed on a country. That would be all well and good if it were true. The reality is sanctions have been reversed. Russia is sanctioning us. This sorry saga has its roots in lockdown. Remember when the oil price went into negative territory? At the start of lockdowns you literally could not give away the stuff. With lockdowns came a marked reduction in the use of fossil fuels. The skies cleared. Eco-warriors used it as evidence that fossil fuels are the devil’s work. Our political leaders got on the bandwagon. They told us that lockdowns were the “Great Reset” giving us the opportunity to “Build Back Better”. We were to become the Saudi Arabia of wind – a particularly eye-rolling moment for any sane individual. The truth is, while we cowered at home, the delicate ecosystem that is the Global economy was being trashed. Oil and gas reserves were depleted; wells went idle; refining plants were mothballed. Then, without any forethought, we unlocked. Demand for fuel rose back to pre-pandemic levels virtually instantly. The industry could not fill the demand. Gas and oil prices rocketed – yes, they rocketed well before the invasion of Ukraine. If you do not believe me do a Google search. It was in fact the increase in the price of oil and gas that gave Putin the confidence to launch his war. With their rising price he knew he could finance it. Even though Sunak has a point, sanctions could only have worked if the World stopped buying Russian fuel. That was never going to happen. Indeed, one the biggest buyers of Russian fuel has been the EU. Germany blew a gaping hole in the sanctions package. It kept buying because it was addicted to Russian fuel, a dependence created by Merkel who favoured Russia over an independent nuclear power policy. So while Sunak and others were crafting clever financial sanctions, the EU pumped foreign reserves and cash into Russia. In all it has paid Russia some €50 billion since the war kicked off – dwarfing any military assistance given to Ukraine. This also gave Russia the breathing space required to establish new partnerships and clients for its black gold. A new world order has emerged with Russia and China in one camp, aided and abetted into that position by the EU, with satellite support from countries like India. Russia’s camp needs fuel and, unlike us, they are not intent on economic suicide by Net Zero. Russia has developed a new economic self-confidence. With it, it is sanctioning us. It has reduced supplies of gas to Europe. It is doing the same with oil. It is insisting its clients pay for fuel in Roubles, enabling it to step around the problems created by our sanctions. The proof of the pudding is in the eating: The Rouble is at a five year high. So when our leaders defend lockdowns and tell us we must head to Net Zero to save the planet spare a thought for where that thinking has already taken us: a fuel crisis, a cost of living crisis, geopolitical instability and a new world order with sanctions being imposed on us.