 Nadiya Hussain first rose to prominence in 2015 after winning the sixth series of BBC's The Great British Bake Off. The TV chef has since been working non-stop, with successful ventures including the launch of her own homeware range and becoming contributing editor to BBC's Good Food.     However, before her stellar stint on The Great British Bake Off, Nadiya had a very different future on the cards. Nadiya wanted to read psychology at Queen Mary in London, but her family did not allow her to go to university due to fears she would be corrupted. Motivated by her outrage, Nadiya became “furious” and worked two jobs so she could “stay away” from the family home in Luton. Reflecting on her parents’ concerns, Nadiya explained how she could now understand their fear thanks to having her own children. READ MORE: Edith Bowman left 'speechless' after being 'edged out' of Radio 1  She said: “Now when I look back I can understand their fear. “But I wish they [could have been] stronger.” Nadiya continued to Radio Times: “That desire I had, for my parents to have the strength to let me do something completely wild in their eyes, I’d like to think that I have that now. “I had to go through that lesson to understand that my children are going to want to do things that scare the living daylights out of me.”      Nadiya has previously opened up about her own worries and experiencing anxiety. In her 2019 memory, Finding My Voice, Nadiya revealed her struggles with the "monster" – anxiety. "I do have moments of anxiety," said Nadiya. "I stepped into this industry so unknowingly and so quickly… DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [ANALYSIS]Gogglebox's Jenny Newby pays tribute to co-star Lee Riley amid surgery [UPDATE]  “I could very easily not have this job." Exposing her internal dialogue, Nadiya told The Scotsman: "I think, ‘Oh, goodness. What if I don't do this in 10 years' time?'" Previously, the TV star confirmed that she has had a panic disorder for over 20 years. She also explained that, although she never sees herself overcoming the condition completely, she continues to “fight it every day”.     Speaking on Netmums podcast, Sweat, Snot & Tears, Nadiya recounted being “riddled” with anxiety from a young age. She said: “I thought for a long time about how much I wanted to talk about my anxiety… I was riddled with it since the age of seven… and have learnt to live with it. “I genuinely believe you can be really successful and motivated and be fragile and have mental health issues at the same time.” Nadiya continued: “I was losing days and weeks with the children… because I couldn't get out of bed. The kids just thought I was tired, I'd spent a lot of years lying to my children, but there's strength in telling the truth.”   