A content creator who shares property, finance and savings tips on his TikTok account @_mikeslife, discussed a clever and easy household switch, saving Britons hundreds. Michael urged homeowners to make a lighting change in their property and reap the rewards. He said: "Here's how to save hundreds of pounds each year by making this one switch." The content creator explained: "The cost of living is going up drastically, and now more than ever it's important to save money in as many ways as we can. "Do this by swapping your halogen light bulbs to LEDs. "It might seem like a small switch but trust me when I say it makes a huge difference." READ MORE: 'My energy bill is already 50% less': Woman discovers crucial cleaning tip to slash costs The Energy Saving Trust said you can save between £1 and £4 a year per bulb in your house. The average home has 67 lights, meaning a saving of up to £268 a year for the average household. Michael went on: "To put this in perspective, one halogen bulb uses 50 watts of energy. "That's the same amount of energy used to power 10 LED light bulbs. DON'T MISSMassive saving right there': Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104' [BILLS] 'Save £1k on your energy bills': 'Simple trick' to slash costs [TIPS] Little-known button on boiler could save hundreds on energy bills [HACK] "When I bought my house a few years ago they were all halogen lightbulbs. "I have roughly 40 spotlights in my house, so you can imagine the mini heart attack I had when I realised how much energy I was wasting. How can you tell if you have halogen lightbulbs in your house? Michael went on: "At the time I did not know the difference between halogen and LED light bulbs, I only knew halogen bulbs gave off much more heat. "A safer way to tell which light bulb is which is to look at the wattage. "Any bulb over 10 watts is typically a halogen light bulb. "Hopefully, this can help save you money on your energy bills." Another energy expert detailed a button to press on your boiler to instantly save on energy bills. The @plumbingdoctors showed how you can engage a money saving mode on your boiler. most boilers have a variety of modes to save money. The experts warned Britons to keep one mode, in particular, off - comfort mode. They demonstrated how to change modes on the boiler, and when they came to Comfort Mode said: "Keep this off."