A grandad of five from Teesside went out for a meal with his family in Stockton and parked his car at a nearby Lidl just off the high street. The car park regulations state that Lidl customers can only stay for 90 minutes. However, Dave Thomas, 61, was left with a £90 fine after he stayed longer than the allotted time while at the restaurant. Mr Thomas also admitted that he did not purchase a single item from the supermarket. The 61-year-old said that he left his car at the site as there was "nowhere to park". He added that he didn't want to walk far having "had an ankle operation" not long ago. READ MORE: Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for not using air con A council spokesperson, however, said there were a number of parking services available across the town. The sales rep said he understands he "doesn't have a leg to stand on" when it comes to his parking fine from the late July trip, but said he is unhappy with the 90-minute parking restriction in place. Mr Thomas said a parking meter would be more suited to the site. He told TeessideLive: "I was parked there, and I was 23 minutes longer than I should be, so I haven't got any evidence. I took my grandkids for a meal, it's just around the corner. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of prescription medication that could send them to jail [WARNING] Drivers warned of prescription medication that could send them to jail [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of 'risky' fuel-saving tricks that may cause collisions [ADVICE] “There's nowhere to park. I went into the restaurant and they said they had hundreds and hundreds of complaints from customers who had been hit with charges. "I said, if you can't help me, I won't use your restaurant again. I'm not going to run the risk of having a parking fine. “They expect you to park up, go in there, get your food, and get out within 90 minutes. “I have parked there a few times, but I've never been longer than 90 minutes. I must've spent £150 in that restaurant." READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fines for wearing flip flops in heatwave Despite not wanting to return to the restaurant due to his parking woes, he said he knew the eatery was not responsible for the £90 fine he was subsequently handed. Mr Thomas added: "It was £90 and because I paid immediately it was £45. I was in the car park, I stayed longer than the ridiculous amount of time they give you." After being slapped with the charge, Mr Thomas drove to nearby Lidl sites and discovered that they did not have the same parking restrictions enforced. He said it was "unfair on local business" for this to be happening in the town centre because it means people have less time to spend in the town. But the following week, Mr Thomas was stung again and received a second fine for another visit to the car park, where he stayed 10 minutes over the allotted time and has had to pay out another £45. Regarding the Parking Eye system installed at the car park, a Lidl spokesperson said: "We always aim to provide a positive shopping experience for our valued customers, which includes ensuring that parking spaces are available for them when visiting our stores. "We, therefore, have car park management systems in place across our store network to help ensure that customers can find somewhere to park, particularly in busy areas where our car parks are often subject to misuse. “Signage is displayed prominently to ensure that the public are fully informed of the restrictions in place." Councillor Mike Smith, the council’s cabinet member for environment and transport, added: "There are plenty of places to park in and around Stockton town centre, including 160 parking spaces still available at Castlegate via the spiral ramp on Riverside Road. "Other good options that spring to mind are Wellington Square and the nearby Shambles car park, which both offer three hours’ parking for free. “There’s also a long stay car park at nearby Parliament Street."