According to the Met Office, the rain will begin early on Monday with showers which will become "more widespread and heavier through the late morning and afternoon". The Met Office's weather warnings are in place for Scotland and Northern Ireland until 11.59pm on Monday. Warnings are in place until 11.59pm on Tuesday for all of England and Wales. The South West and South East of England are also set for a third day of warnings, with severe weather set to impact the region until 11.59pm on Wednesday. The forecaster has predicted power cuts, along with delays and cancellations to public transport services. It has also warned that spray and sudden flooding could cause issues for motorists. The Met Office said: "There is a small chance that homes and businesses could be flooded quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds. "Where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. "There is a slight chance that power cuts could occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost." It added: "There is a small chance of fast flowing or deep floodwater causing danger to life." The flood risk is exacerbated by the dry ground, caused by hot weather and a lack of rainfall, as falling rain is less able to soak into the soil. Met Office forecaster Dan Stroud explained: "Rain from really intense downpours will be unable to soak into the baked ground quickly." READ MORE: UK weather: Met Office issues yellow warning over THUNDERSTORMS He added: "It's very difficult for the water to actually get in because it has to force the air out of the soil. "So dry ground gets very quickly overwhelmed, and we then get surface run-off." Met Office meteorologist Greg Dewhurst said the week would start off quite humid before cooling down later on. He told PA: "We'll start off initially quite humid, particularly across the south and the east of the UK, with thundery showers and sunny spells, but it will gradually become cooler and fresher as the week goes on. DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Thunder and heavy outbreaks of rain expected to sweep acr [INSIGHT] Spain heatwave: Pensioners 'locked indoors' amid 40C weather panic [REPORT] Drought could continue into NEXT YEAR as 'weeks worth of rain' needed [ANALYSIS] "First half of the week, we're looking at some heavy downpours and thunderstorms developing. "You can sort of see that sort of transition coming in from the north, it's day by day. "It's still hot tomorrow, we're looking at highs around 31C, possibly 32C, and then it starts to come down. "As we head towards Tuesday, temperatures are around 26C or 27C. Wednesday and Thursday will be the mid-20s. "So probably tomorrow is the last day where we'll see temperatures above 30C for the rest of the week." Netweather meteorologist Ian Simpson predicted "substantial thunderstorms and heavy rain" over England and Wales, particularly in the Midlands and North East England on Tuesday. He added: "It will be much cooler than of late over most of England and Wales, with a high of 24 to 26C in the South East. "It will be cooler and drier over Scotland and Northern Ireland, with a cooler air mass spreading from the North, and here the top temperature will typically be between 15 and 18C." Mr Simpson predicted some "dry and sunny weather" to spread across England from the North West on Thursday, with central and eastern England to see dry and mainly sunny conditions by Friday.