New Manchester United signing Casemiro is set to be handed the No 18 shirt, according to reports. Paul Scholes rose through the ranks wearing said number, and United’s new acquisition will be hoping that he can be as influential as the ex-England international was this season. Erik ten Hag appears to have finally solved his midfield issues, which has been a long-standing problem at Old Trafford. United secured the signature of Christian Eriksen earlier this summer, but a second reinforcement was required in the centre of the park. Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong was Ten Hag’s top target, though the player was not overly fond of the idea of leaving the club despite attempts from Barca to push him out the door. However, the arrival of Casemiro from Real Madrid has somewhat silenced those questioning why the De Jong saga dragged on for so long. According to Marca, the Brazilian’s visa issues have now been resolved and the player is set to be presented to fans donning the No 18 shirt. The squad number was vacated by Bruno Fernandes before the start of the season, with the Portuguese playmaker taking the No 8 shirt. READ MORE: Man Utd are signing 'another Schweinsteiger' as Ten Hag warned Casemiro will be hoping that he will be just as successful in the No 18 strip as Scholes was, who made the number iconic at Old Trafford. The midfielder spent his entire career at the club after coming through the academy, making over 700 appearances for the club and helping his side to 11 Premier League titles. Scholes also scored 155 goals during that time, though that regular goalscoring form is unlikely to be replicated by Casemiro given that he has scored 24 league goals in the last seven seasons with Madrid. The midfielder is also likely to be deployed in a deeper lying role, with Ten Hag stressing previously his desire to sign a No 6. READ MORE: Man Utd are signing 'another Schweinsteiger' as Ten Hag warned  Casemiro said his goodbye to Madrid on Monday, where he posed for images with all of the titles during his spell at the Santiago Bernabeu. He also made a speech, saying: “As you know, I don't like the spotlight or having prominence, I will try to talk with my heart. “The greatest title I have had has been to live every day at this great club, Real Madrid! I'd like to thank the club for making me a better player and a better person. Playing with Modric and Kroos, I really enjoyed football. I want to make it clear that one day I would return to Real Madrid and show you how much I love this club. I want to help the club in any way I can in the future.”