Former Russian Deputy Finance Minister Sergey Aleksashenko warned Europe against stopping issuing visas to Russian citizens in Europe. He argued that the implementation of the travel bans would see Russian citizens being unable to leave the country and “will definitely weaken the Russian political opposition”, resulting in a further affirmation of Putin’s regime in Russia. The comments came as Ukraine’s President Zelensky has urged European countries to close their borders to Russian travellers because of Ukraine's invasion. Mr Aleksashenko told Times Radio: “I would say that if the idea of Mr Zelensky would be implemented and if all Russian who currently live in the European Union, European countries or in the United States or in the UK will be deported back to Russia then it will strengthen Putin’s regime. “There are dozens of Russian political activists who are in jail right now and are under criminal investigation because of their open position regarding the war. It will definitely weaken the Russian political opposition. “This means that it will strengthen Putin’s regime. “I do not believe that a deportation of Russians who live in Europe back to Russia and a ban on issuing visas for Russians will make any harm to Putin.” Times Radio host Hannah MacInnes pointed out: “What many people say is that it would be so unfair to punish Russians when so many of them have left. “It’s very hard to tell what the majority of Russians in Russia are thinking and what their very real reaction to this war even is.” Mr Aleksashenko responded: “No, it’s possible because more and more polls are arranged in Russia. READ MORE: 'No one's left' Russian officer tells of mass troop desertions “The most recent data says that the same of the Russians who want to continue the war is approximately 55 percent. “The share of those who are looking for the peace arrangement immediately is about 40 percent. “The situation is shifting towards the termination of the war as let’s not forget this is an authoritarian society and many, at least, a certain portion is trying to give the answer that is politically acceptable, politically correct. “At the beginning of the war, the share of those answers was 70 percent to 20, while nowadays is 55 to 40. DON'T MISS: Putin faces 'dramatic' turn of events in Ukraine by end of summer [WATCH]Sunak deserted as ex-Minister defects to Truss [LISTEN]Brexit FURY as Varadkar unleashes border talks sabotage [INSIGHT] “The situation is changing because the war has lasted almost six months and the number of casualties is exceeding 70,000 people”. The comments came as Ukrainian President Zelensky made calls for visa bans for Russian citizens attempting to travel to Europe. In an interview with the Washington Post, he said: “The most important sanctions are to close the borders because the Russians are taking away someone else’s land. Referring to the travel ban proposal, he added: “Russians should live in their own world until they change their philosophy”. The call has been backed by Finland’s Prime Minister Sanna Marin, who in a statement reacted in favour of the ban and said: “My personal position is that tourism should be restricted. “It’s not right that at the same time as Russia is waging an aggressive, brutal war of aggression in Europe, Russians can live a normal life, travel in Europe, be tourists. It’s not right”. READ NEXT: VDL threatened to be kicked out as she refuses to dish out cashBrexit: Ministers 'filling jobs with foreign workers'Europhile shut down after bitter Brexit attack on Tory BrexiteersOil price crash: Jubilation for UK motorists as oil falls to £74 Police launch urgent appeal in hunt for gang of youths