Helmut Marko has dismissed rumours Pierre Gasly could leave Alpha Tauri for Alpine next season. The Red Bull chief confirmed Gasly had “no exit clause” and would not be leaving the team early. It was confirmed Gasly would remain at Alpha Tauri for 2023 earlier on this season. Marko told Sport1: “There is no exit clause for Gasly, there was none before the summer break and there will be none after the summer break.” However, Fernando Alonso’s sudden departure from Alpine has created pandemonium in the driver market with the French manufacturer frantically searching for a replacement. They had promoted junior driver Oscar Piastri to the seat before the Australian took to social media to reject the team's offer. It is understood he has signed an agreement with McLaren with both teams likely to go to court to battle their case to secure the services of the former F2 champion. Rumours of Gasly making the move to Alpine came after Otmar Szafnauer revealed the team had a shortlist of 14 drivers. This forced Marko to nail down his asset by confirming the Frenchman would not be leaving. READ MORE: Pierre Gasly set for ‘discussions’ with Red Bull over F1 future Szafnauer said: “We are going to spend some time looking at where this takes us and if Piastri is not in the car - which I think he will be - because Fernando is out, I have about fourteen phone calls from drivers who are interested, because the Alpine seat is the most valuable seat left." Gasly’s current team boss, Franz Tost, has also called for Gasly to remain with the team. Tost explained: “It makes no sense for Red Bull to let Pierre go. If a Red Bull driver fails, there is no other adequate driver who can step in. Only Gasly can do that.” Gasly admitted he would be holding discussions with Red Bull over his future soon. However, the Frenchman has not ruled out an F1 future away from Red Bull and Alpha Tauri once his contract has expired. DON'T MISSPierre Gasly 'mad' and says F1 chiefs 'not making life easy' [INSIGHT]Pierre Gasly warns AlphaTauri 'paid the price' as decision called out [ANALYSIS]Pierre Gasly 'happy' to sign new AlphaTauri contract [COMMENT] Gasly told Express Sport: “We will assess the different options for 2024, whether it's with Red Bull or elsewhere. But for now its main focus is to push the team forward, Alpha Tauri forward as much as I can and work for 2023.” Earlier this season Marko accepted that Red Bull would lose the services of Gasly if they did not promote him to the top team by the end of his current deal in 2023. However, they have signed Sergio Perez until the end of the 2024 season which restricts Gasly’s opportunities.