Celtic icon Chris Sutton has hit out at Ally McCoist for ‘always complaining’ after the Rangers legend bemoaned a perceived lack of help from the Scottish FA. McCoist slammed the Scottish football authorities as “blinkered” and “narrow-minded” for packing the Gers' schedule in the build-up to their Champions League clashes with PSV. Rangers face a two-legged Champions League play-off against the Eredivisie side later this month. Former Scotland striker McCoist has blasted the SFA for the scheduling around the two fixtures, in which Giovanni van Bronckhorst’s side will play six matches in 17 days. But McCoist has been told to stop ‘complaining’ by former Celtic man Sutton, who retweeted a new story about McCoist’s quotes on Thursday morning. Sutton wrote: "He’s always complaining about something!" JUST IN: Man Utd transfer chief John Murtough given problem by Adrien Rabiot PSV have just four fixtures during the 17-day period in which Rangers face a gruelling six-game run. Unlike the Scottish Premiership runners-up, they do not have a game sandwiched between the two Champions League clashes. McCoist, a former Rangers manager, has pointed out that the Ibrox outfit faced similar difficulties when they reached the then-UEFA Cup final in 2008. Rangers lost the clash to an Andrey Arshavin-inspired Zenit St. Petersburg. The SFA have been accused by McCoist of not wanting to help their clubs in their European quests. He feels that they should follow the Dutch FA in making fixture schedules for teams in Europe less strenuous. "It’s a shambles. Particularly the Scottish FA. I keep harping back to when Rangers reached the Europa League Final in 2008, it was an absolute embarrassment,” McCoist was quoted as saying. DON'T MISS...Tottenham tipped to win Premier League in brave predictionLeeds 'one step away' from double transfer swoopFrenkie de Jong 'reports' Barcelona over smear campaign amid saga “They made us play five league games in 11 days and there was a UEFA [Cup] final inbetween it. The head of the SFA George Peat came out and said another club director said to him ‘don’t help Rangers’. “I’ve got the quote in front of me. Ex-SFA supremo Peat told the BBC ‘When Rangers got to the final in Manchester, I got a phone call from a prominent chairman of a club requesting me not to help Rangers in any way’. “That’s what you’re dealing with. We’re so blinkered and narrow-minded. Any Scottish team that has an opportunity to do well in Europe should be helped but there’s none. "When we played Zenit in 2008 I honestly think they were given three weeks off by their federation and we had to play five league games in 11 days. The Dutch FA want to help their teams.”