Manchester United reportedly ‘still firmly believe’ Frenkie de Jong will end up leaving Barcelona for Old Trafford before the transfer window slams shut on September 1. The Red Devils recently spent big to prise Casemiro away from Real Madrid. Yet the Brazil international could be joined by his old La Liga rival in the Premier League before the deadline comes along. Manchester United unveiled Casemiro on Monday night, prior to their enthralling 2-1 win over Liverpool at Old Trafford. And 90min say the Red Devils remain in touch with the representatives of De Jong, too, as they look to pair the 25-year-old alongside Casemiro in the middle of the park. It’s said United ‘firmly believe’ they’ll end up winning the race for De Jong, who has also been linked with the likes of Chelsea and Bayern Munich throughout the summer transfer window. Barcelona owe the midfielder around £17million in deferred wages after the Dutchman agreed to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic two years ago. The Catalan giants have made it clear De Jong must either take a huge pay cut or sign a new deal on reduced terms. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal The player’s current wages, which are believed to be around £360,000-a-week, make him the highest earner at the Nou Camp over the likes of Sergio Busquets, Robert Lewandowski and Gerard Pique. Barcelona have been unable to register all of their new signings, with Jules Kounde currently not playing in La Liga. And they also want funds from any De Jong sale to be used on the likes of Marcos Alonso and Bernardo Silva, of Chelsea and Manchester City respectively. Publicly, De Jong has stated he wants to stay at Barcelona. Yet it’s claimed the relationship between both the player and the club has ‘soured behind the scenes’, giving United a boost in the process. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Previously in the transfer window, United agreed an overall package worth £72m with Barcelona in order for De Jong to make the move to the Premier League. And it’s thought that agreement still stands, despite suggestions their offer for the midfielder has ‘expired’. If De Jong does follow Casemiro to Old Trafford, he’ll become the latest Dutch player to feature for the club. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, the likes of Ruud van Nistelrooy, Jaap Stam, Edwin van der Sar and Robin van Persie all became club legends. Louis van Gaal turned to Daley Blind back in the summer transfer window of 2014 before recruiting Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven the following year. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United snapped up Donny van de Beek from Ajax two years ago, though he’s made just four Premier League starts in the time since. And, this summer, they’ve landed another Dutchman in the form of Tyrell Malacia - who impressed during the victory over Liverpool on Monday. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Barcelona boss Xavi recently praised the midfielder and opened up on where he feels the 25-year-old is best used. "I see Frenkie facing the game," he said, having previously used the Netherlands international as a centre-back during pre-season. "I myself, when I was a footballer and I had my back to the game, I didn't feel comfortable. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “When he is facing the game, he is a spectacular footballer and you have to try to turn him around, to divide, who does it very well because he has a lot of power, he's physically strong and he has last passes. "I've always said that he's a player that I've always liked. I see him more as an inside player although he can adapt to the pivot position. “On the wing? I don't see it that much." As well as De Jong, United also want a new right-back, a back-up goalkeeper to David De Gea and a fresh forward. Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, James Garner and Cristiano Ronaldo could all leave before the transfer deadline. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here