Dr Michael Mosley has been hailed for his weight loss techniques for years, having created the 5:2 programme, which sees people eat healthily for five days a week and then only eating 800 calories on the two remaining days. It's a method that's been found to be "more effective" for shedding weight, but he warns people it does come with some rules. Speaking while doing an appearance on Studio 10 in 2019, Dr Mosley discussed why this diet method is better than other slower techniques. "The scientists have been telling me for some time now that you can be better off doing rapid weight loss diet and that is doing 800 calories a day," he said. He referenced two big UK studies that examined this with groups of more than 300 people. One group was allocated a rapid weight loss diet and the other on a normal slower paced one. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "It was those that did the rapid weight loss that lost the most weight - 10kg sustained over two years. "The other lot didn't lose much weight and they put it on again," he explained. "So it turns what you believe on its head. "There's another big study out of Oxford that says that and an even bigger study coming out of Australia that will say that." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dr Mosley went on to claim it has been "undoubtedly" proven to work but noted: "You have to eat properly. "The problem with some of the diet which were done in the past is that they were kind of crazy," he added of fad, quick-fix diets, such as the cabbage diet. "What you need to do is have a balanced diet, enough nutrients, enough protein in particular," he said. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Otherwise your body will suck the protein out of your muscle." He changed a key part of his 5:2 programme, that previously saw people eat 300 calories a day. He told the hosts: "In the original 5:2, I suggested women eat 500 calories a day. "That was based on the studies done [at the time]. "Now we say 800 calories and a lot of people say it's a lot more tolerable. "We found people reported it was a lot more doable and they got less grumpy." He explained that the new 5:2 intermittent fasting method still helps people consume fewer calories during the eight-hour window they're allowed to eat. "It seemed to be low enough to trigger desirable metabolic changes like burning the fat, but high enough to stop them getting grumpy."