Vernon Kay and Rochelle Humes presented This Morning on Monday as the hosts stepped in for the ITV show’s summer schedule. During the Morning Views segment, Rochelle shared research on women being found to be better drivers than men, leading to Vernon and guest Gyles Brandreth light-heartedly walking off set.    Rochelle began: “The research took place at a Newcastle university and they tested 33 women and 43 men driving on a simulator which aims to replicate the conditions car users will face on the road.” A This Morning guest said: “Well, I think that’s just telling us something we knew already knew which is women are safer drivers.” “Better footballers,” Vernon interjected. “Quite frankly I think we rule, don’t you agree?” she asked Rochelle. Read more: Sam Fox recalls moment she found a lump in her throat   As Rochelle and the This Morning guest praised the research, Gyles felt it was time to leave. “Shall we go?” Gyles asked Vernon as he got up from the sofa and walked away. Getting up, Vernon said to Rochelle: “Call Marvin, meet us in the pub. Over to you.” The female guest joked: “We’ll present the rest of the show,” as Rochelle called her over to sit next to her.    Rochelle then guided the guest in reading the autocue to let viewers know what was coming up in the rest of the show. Later in the show, Gyles returned to discuss Love Island with previous winner Amber Gill. The ITV reality show is coming to an end on Monday as viewers vote for their favorite couple. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast backlash as viewers blast coverage 'Any real news today?' [INSIGHT]'Stop talking' James Martin shuts down Saturday Morning guest [VIDEO]‘Piers Morgan tried to cancel me’ Comedian Omid Djalili on being woke [INTERVIEW] Amber and Gyles gave a brief summary of the show and the journey of the finalists. This Morning fans were thrilled to see the duo analysing the reality hit. @MattLCapon tweeted: “Gyles Brandreth is taking no prisoners with his #LoveIsland appraisal on #ThisMorning.” @CharlieJMUA added: “New tv duo! @AmberRoseGill and Gyles? They’re so funny together. #ThisMorning.”    However, other viewers weren’t convinced Gyles was a true fan of the show. @ravenofdespair wrote: “Gyles watching #LoveIsland is as convincing as Sharon Osbourne playing online bingo! #ThisMorning.” “Why does Gyles comment on everything. Are we to believe he’s a love island fan #ThisMorning,” @UzoObiorah said. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.   