The summer season is ending which means autumn is just around the corner. According to William Mitchell of Sutton Manor Nursery, “now is the perfect time” to start preparing the garden for the cold months ahead. The expert said: “Autumn is literally just around the corner, this means that it is time to start thinking about preparing your garden for the cooler months to arrive. There are a huge number of changes that you need to make in your garden to ensure that you are fully ready for the seasons to change and the typical British weather to arrive. “Plants can be extremely vulnerable in times when the seasons are rapidly changing. This is because the plants have become used to the slightly more predictable and warmer weather that we have had over the spring/summer months.” 1. De-weed the garden Weeds are one of the biggest nuisances in the garden and can thrive during the summer months, taking over many gardens. It can sometimes be hard to stay on top of weeding throughout the summer months but it is important to do this task before the cold weather starts. If gardeners don’t carry out this task soon they may have a “mammoth” weeding job next spring. READ MORE: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage William added: “You could also have many dead plants that have been killed by the spreading of weeds. “While weeds do grow far slower during the winter months, they do still grow. So if you leave them at the end of the summer months then they will still multiply and become even more of a pest over the winter months and causing all kinds of problems for you to come in the warmer seasons next year. “There are so many different fancy and ‘revolutionary’ methods that are said to help you get rid of weeds. However, in our opinion, the easiest and most effective way of getting rid of weeds from your outside area is to simply pull them out by hand.” 2. Protect young trees and plants Young trees and plants are vulnerable and can become even more fragile as summer turns into autumn. DON'T MISS:Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £147,000 value to ‘quirky’ cottage [VIDEO]Mollie's Motel & Diner: An escape to the Oxfordshire countryside [INSIGHT]Six common gardening mistakes to avoid this august [EXPERT] The expert said these trees and plants need far more attention and protection than established ones as they begin to grow. William explained: “The best way to protect young trees is by purchasing a special tree wrap. The tree wrap should then be wrapped around the trunk and branches of the tree. “You would initially think that the intention of the tree wrap would be to keep the tree warm in the winter, however, this is not true. Surprisingly, the purpose of the tree wrap is the complete opposite. It is to keep the tree cool. “In the autumn months, the trees start to lose their leaves and therefore also lose all of their protection from the sunlight. With no protection until the following spring, the trees are susceptible to damage from the sunlight. “The tree wraps act as a protective layer to stop the sunlight from damaging the trees while there are no leaves to help shade the tree.” READ MORE: ‘Excellent’ way to make sure houseplants are hydrated in the heat 3. Cover outdoor garden furniture The expert said this is one of the more “sadder” tasks to be completed before the start of autumn. To avoid any damage to outdoor furniture, it is important to cover them up during the colder months. The gardening expert said: “The wet and cold weather can cause deterioration to your furniture which can get even worse as the harsh winter months go on. Simply covering it with a waterproof cover will hugely reduce the chance of damage and help your furniture to look perfect when it comes to bringing it out again next spring. “It is never a bad idea to always have a cover on hand for garden furniture, no matter the season. “It’s such a simple step that will protect your lovely furniture in the winter months and when the British summertime is doing what it does best and acting more like winter.” 4. Dig up annual flowers Annual flowers can be amazing additions to any garden in the summer months due to the vibrant colours. However, as they are annuals, they only tend to keep their beauty for one season. The gardening expert explained: “This is why it is a good idea to uproot the flowers and get rid of them through compost before the end of the season before they begin to struggle and fade out. Leaving dead flowers in your bedding could mean that they rot which would then be a breeding ground for diseases and fungus. “If you are missing the pop of colour after digging up the flowers from the bedding then you could think about adding winter berries such as redberries, blackberries and raspberries. These fruits thrive in the colder months and also help to add a pop of colour to your garden that is missing from the annual flowers.” 5. Cover garden ponds with nets For those who have a pond, covering it is hugely important to keep it clean and free from any fallen leaves. These can decay in the pond and cause bacteria and diseases that can harm wildlife. Adding a net can also help make the maintenance of the pond much easier. William said: “Not only is it better for the health of the pond but it also makes the pond far prettier and clearer from an aesthetic point of view. “It can be difficult at times to make an outdoor area look nice in the dark and gloomy autumn/winter months so a clean pond can add a beautiful element that can help to bring your garden together.”