At a time where inflation is high and bills are on the rise, any extra cash could be vital for some families. Despite the base rate being below inflation, savers are encouraged to look around for the best deals to ensure they are getting the best they can. HSBC has increased interest rates already this year in February, April, and July. The new increases will come into affect from September 1. The bank's Online Bonus Saver will increase from 1.30 percent to 1.40 percent (under £10,000) for customers who don’t make a withdrawal from the account in the month. Additionally, their Easy access savings rates will have increased from 0.20 percent to 0.40 percent for all customers. Britons wanting a One Year Fixed Rate Saver rates can now get 1.25 percent, increased from 0.55 percent. Lastly, Loyalty ISA increased from 0.50 increased to 0.80 percent for Premier customers. Many banks are now stepping up the competition in the hopes of attracting new savers, especially as the Bank of England base rate improves. The Bank of England raised its base interest rates to 1.75 percent, its fifth increase of the year in a bid to tackle the country’s soaring inflation rates. One group that largely benefits from this increase is savers, and some accounts are currently offering the best rates recorded in over a decade. As the UK is forecast to be heading towards a recession by the end of the year, the Bank of England has been increasing its base interest rates to make borrowing more expensive and savings more rewarding. However, as inflation is predicted to peak at 13 percent in October, interest rates are only expected to increase further. Currently, HSBC’s Online Bonus Saver offers Britons variable interest rates of up to 1.30 percent for any month people don't make a withdrawal. Britons can open an Online Bonus Saver with £1 or more. If someone has more than £10,000 in their account, interest is paid at a lower rate on balances above that amount. The standard rate of interest is paid in any month where a withdrawal is made or someone closes their account. The standard rate up to £10,000 is 0.20 percent. The interest rate including bonus is paid in any month where someone doesn't make a withdrawal or they don't close their account. This will change to 1.40 percent on September 1. Britons can open their account online only. Once opened, they can manage it online.