The 5.8m-wide fuselage of the massive decommissioned aircraft is being transported from Kemble near the Cotswolds to Salford, where it will become a fascinating new tourist attraction. It began its journey at around 9.30am and will makes its way along M5, M6, M56 and M60 before it is scheduled to arrive at its destination at around 2pm. Gloucestershire Police tweeted: "We're escorting an abnormal load from Kemble Airfield & on the #M5 from 9.30am today (Thurs). "The route the 5.8m wide aircraft fuselage will take is A429, A419, A417, joining M5 north at 11a. "This will continue in our county through to junction 8 & is expected to cause delays." It has been saved from the scrapheap by local airline memorabilia company Doors2Manual, who have managed to find a long-term home for the top deck in a hangar at the airport in Salford. Doors2Manual are posting regular updates about the transportation of the massive fuselage.  The firm posted a picture from behind the huge structure being driven down the M5 and escored by police vehicles. It wrote alongside this: "We’ve joined the M5, just passed Junction 11! "We’ll be travelling up the M5 for the next 50 miles." At its new home, it will be known as 'The Deck', and will enable visitors to the tourist attraction to get close up to one of the world's most iconic planes. READ MORE: UK sends devastating rocket launchers to Ukraine  Aviation fans will be able to take the controls in the pilot seat as it will become the UK’s only 747 flight simulator using a real aircraft flight deck. Doors2Manual is also planning to use 'The Deck' as a backdrop for weddings and conferences and for educational purposes. Drew Hanna, co-founder, Doors2Manual and Director, The Deck said last month: “This has been a dream of ours for a long, long time and we’re so excited to be finally getting ready for G-BYGA’s final journey to our hangar. "I don’t think many of us will have witnessed a Boeing 747 driving up the motorway before so it’s set to be a sight many families and flight fanatics will never forget. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: 'Idiots!' Ryanair CEO lashes out at Brexiteers [BLOG]Brexit row erupts as Tory peer told to 'grow up' over 'betrayal' claim [VIDEO]Nicola Sturgeon brutally exposes Liz Truss with ruthless dig [COMMENTS] "We've been able to build Doors2Manual into one of the world's leading suppliers of airline memorabilia and parts. "Now being able to salvage such a significant part of an iconic aircraft is our biggest thrill so far." The Boeing 7474 remains an extremely popular plane in the aviation industry but the final 38 were recently sent for early retirement, triggered by the impacts from the Covid pandemic. British Airways scrapped all 31 of its 747s, while Virgin Atlantic also made the same move with its last seven of the aircraft.  