Chelsea should be trying to sign Brentford striker Ivan Toney following their loss to Leeds United, claims Adebayo Akinfenwa. Toney has been tentatively linked with a move to Stamford Bridge, among other Premier League clubs. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is Chelsea's top attacking target before the September 1 deadline. Thomas Tuchel knows the player well from their time at Borussia Dortmund and wants to bring him back to the Premier League seven months after he left Arsenal. Toney would provide a longer-term option than the former Gunners skipper, being seven years his junior. He scored 12 goals in his first full campaign in the Premier League last term and has already netted twice for the Bees this season. The Mirror claims Chelsea, alongside Everton and Manchester United, are interested in Toney. Akinfenwa can see the attraction of signing Aubameyang but has explained why Toney would be the perfect signing instead. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo Man Utd U-turn, Toney eyed by two, Caicedo latest  He told talkSPORT: "Aubameyang's pedigree, he scores goals everywhere he goes. And that's what they need, they need an out-and-out No 9. "They're missing a focal point so you know how they're going to play. That's what they're going to do. "I think Ivan Toney got banded about the other day. Brentford supporters won't want to hear this but he's 26, he's the right age, he's fit to the Premier League. "Yes [he's good enough for a top-four team]. For me, yes. And the reason why I say that is because he has to go to a top-four team and if he doesn't do it, then he can turn around and say he's doing everything he needs to do. DON'T MISSMan Utd are signing 'another Schweinsteiger' as Erik ten Hag warnedArsenal can sign ideal Zinchenko partner in crime for just £17mMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing Casemiro  "Everytime he comes up against a top-four team, he causes their defence a lot of problems. So for me he's intelligent, he's strong, he can score goals, he can run in behind, he can link up play - what else do you need? "So they're going for Aubameyang, who is a goalscorer, assuming they get him in, they get him in. But for me that's what they need, they need a missing part, and that's scoring goals." Chelsea suffered a shock 3-0 loss at Leeds United on Sunday to put further pressure on Thomas Tuchel's search for a new frontman. The Blues have four points from their opening three matches of the season despite having spent over £180m on new signings this summer.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here