Natural cleaning agents are often favoured over harsh chemical products for their gentle yet effective results, yet even some household surfaces are too delicate to be cleaned with them. Granite is just one type of stone which struggles to withstand overly-acidic cleansers, which is why vinegar should always be avoided. But why is it so damaging? Cleaning visible dirt from surfaces is easy to do using soap and water, but some tough stains call for more powerful cleaning agents. While white vinegar is often the go-to ingredient to banish dirt and grime from any surface, granite can look worse for wear after being wiped down with this pungent liquid. Some cleaning experts recommend keeping vinegar well away from granite in even the smallest doses to avoid unnecessary damage. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients According to the cleaning experts at Apartment Therapy, the acid in vinegar is to blame for its damaging effects. They said: “Vinegar spells trouble for granite countertops (and any other natural stone countertop). “The acid in vinegar wears away at the protective sealant that prevents spills from penetrating the stone and causing permanent stains.” It’s not just impossible stains that are a problem either, in fact, the vinegar can cause long-lasting damage to the structure of the stone itself. While one application is enough to set stubborn stains for good, repeated use of vinegar on granite can lead to small etchings which remain in the stone forever. The experts at Apartment Therapy explained that this is also true for other acidic cleansers such as lemon juice and citric acid. It’s not just pure versions of these products that can cause damage as products containing even small amounts of acid can also be problematic. This includes products designed to clean metal, bathtubs, tiles, windows, and even some all-purpose solutions. Keeping things simple really is the best way to clean luxury materials including granite, marble, and other natural stones. To clean surface dirt, warm water, and mild dish soap is the only solution you need. For sanitation purposes, something stronger such as isopropyl alcohol wipes are safe to use. A DIY spray made of 70 percent isopropyl alcohol and water will also work, just make sure you always use a soft microfiber cloth for gentle cleansing.