Barcelona have reportedly blown their hopes of signing Manchester City ace Bernardo Silva due to their dirty tricks campaign to unsettle the midfielder. Silva joined the Citizens from Monaco in 2017 but has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp this summer. According to The Mirror, Barca’s constant claims that they expect to lure Silva to Spain before the end of the transfer window have not gone down well at the Etihad Stadium. The Spanish giants are yet to even inform City of their interest in the ace, while his agent Jorge Mendes has not told the Premier League champions that the player wants to leave. Silva is a hugely popular member of Pep Guardiola’s squad and City don’t want to sell him, especially given the fact they have lost a number of senior players this summer. The likes of Raheem Sterling, Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko have all opted to embark on new challenges away from the north west, and the City boss doesn’t want to weaken his squad any further. City are well aware of Barcelona’s precarious financial position and have slapped an £80million valuation on Silva in the hope of discouraging Barcelona’s transfer pursuit. But the Catalan giants have claimed that they will get their man for just £60m once they have taken care of their financial fair play obstacles. READ MORE: PSG 'have Mbappe plan' for Rashford which may have big impact on Messi    Silva is yet to start a match this season but made cameo appearances as a substitute during his side’s Premier League victories over West Ham and Bournemouth. The 28-year-old Portugal international was given a rousing reception after coming off the bench against the Cherries at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. But Guardiola admits he doesn’t know whether the player will be staying put. “I said it last week - I want Bernardo Silva here at 100 per cent, or at 110 per cent,” the Spaniard explained. “I want him, I want him and I want him. Because I love him. The reason why I’m a manager is because I can live and train with players and people, human beings like Bernardo. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already   “I’m weak when I talk about him because he’s a special person to me in these years. But I said it before, I don’t know what is going to happen. He knows how much we want him and we love him. At the same time, I don’t know what’s going to happen.” Guardiola is preparing to take his team to Spain next week to face Barcelona in a friendly. And he is set to take Silva with him to show the player’s suitors that he is very much a City player. 