Manchester United are willing to jettison James Garner with the midfielder valued at £14million, according to reports. The 21-year-old has only just returned to the club after a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest last term. But Erik ten Hag is ready to cut the player loose as he looks to raise standards at Old Trafford. Garner impressed for Nottingham Forest in the Championship last term, scoring four goals and clocking up eight assists as they secured promotion back to the Premier League. But, according to The Athletic, United are open to cutting the player loose. It’s claimed Ten Hag has denied the 21-year-old should be allowed to leave if the club provide a suitable offer, with United valuing their academy graduate at around £14m. Though he impressed for Forest, he’s yet to make a competitive appearance since returning to Old Trafford in the time since. He was an unused substitute in defeats to Brighton and Brentford, with Donny van de Beek appearing in both fixtures instead. And United are open to selling Garner at a time where they’re continuing to pursue the signing of Barcelona star De Jong. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Upon taking over earlier in the summer, Ten Hag swiftly identified his former Ajax midfielder as a leading transfer target. And the publication says De Jong discussions have gone on ‘all summer’ as they look to bring the Netherlands international to the Premier League. Over the weekend, there were murmurings the Barcelona star had told team-mates at the Nou Camp he could end up joining United. And that’s despite Chelsea also emerging as potential suitors for the Netherlands international. De Jong started Saturday night’s 0-0 draw with Rayo Vallecano on the bench, with Barcelona starting with Pedri, Gavi and Sergio Busquets instead. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already But whether United are able to bring him in remains to be seen. Forest are, according to the publication, unlikely to snap up Garner given they’ve already got Dean Henderson on loan from United. So it’ll be interesting to see what teams come in for the player, who has previously been likened to a young Michael Carrick. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former United coach Rene Meulensteen explained why Ten Hag must be careful with Garner and his development. “Garner had a very good year at Forest so he has some good experience playing in a team pushing for promotion,” Meulensteen told TalkOfTheDevils. “Does he have all the skills to walk into this Manchester United midfield and give them what they need? Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “It’s a big ask, especially to put him into a team that everybody knows isn’t firing on all cylinders. If you’re not careful you could destroy the boy and that’s not fair on him. “To be clear this is speaking in protection of James. “I’m not saying he’s not good enough. I want to also mention Charlie Savage, because I was very impressed with him in pre-season, he has very good awareness, his understanding of the game and his positioning is great, his use of the ball is very good. “He always looks to get the ball forward.” Meulensteen thinks Alejandro Garnacho is a different case, however. “Garnacho, though, he’s a different kind of player,” he said. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He’s a difference-maker. He’s quick, direct, he gets people up. So if I would use any young player, it would probably be Garnacho. “There is some excitement about the young players and rightly so but this is a time of great uncertainty at the club. “It’s not completely clear about Ronaldo’s future, Erik Ten Hag doesn’t appear to see Marcus [Rashford] as an out-and-out striker. “I know a lot of supporters would probably be happy to see a lot of young players in the side and they’d get behind an exciting side of prospects who all want to be there with the right attitude. “The thing is that the Premier League has improved in such a broad way that Brighton can come to Old Trafford and win deservedly. They’re not the only ones – you have a lot of teams with good international players. “To put all the responsibility on young players wouldn’t be fair – they would learn a lot, for sure, but the price is likely to be high in terms of how it would cost them in the long term.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here