The co-founder of a secure messaging app has backed a technological fix for the regulatory burden and political fallout resulting from the Northern Ireland Protocol. YEO Messaging's Alan Jones is a believer in the power of technology to solve real-world solutions and believes a simple geo-fenced encrypted message could be the key to unlocking the current Brexit trade row. Mr Jones told Express.co.uk: "We developed the ability to carry a Bluetooth signal within an encrypted message and to geofence it to a specific location. So that side of it is done today. "So we work with a company called Ellelock and Ellelockwere specialists in electronic locking systems and between the two of us today we could deliver a product which would allow you to seal a container and then use a geo-fenced encrypted message to unlock it once it reaches the depo. So that part of it could be done. "The blockchain portion again, they had a minimum viable product developed and I believe it would take another six months before the whole integration could come together." "It sounds very simple, but what you're actually doing is you're authenticating and you're are sealing goods in transit, and you are tracking their position at all times," he continued. "So that offered the government a very simple solution that would have fit in with the customs on both sides and provided something that would be very easy to utilise, documentation would be pretty straightforward. "Through the use of blockchain you've got an irrefutable trail of the information at all stages, and by geofencing codes in order to unlock seals to the destination depo, you could also be assured of the integrity of goods in transit. "So very, very straightforward." YEO Messaging's CEO added: "I feel that there's technology there today that is able to actually ensure the integrity of goods crossing the border and would eliminate any of this friction and general overhead that they've got today." It comes as Prime Ministerial contender Rishi Sunak was pressed about resolving issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol. Mr Sunak said he would seek to find a "constructive solution" via talks with Irish, French, and European leaders. The former chancellor told Times Radio: "Quite simply, at the moment the economy of Northern Ireland is being pulled out of the orbit of the rest of the economy of the United Kingdom, and that's wrong." He added: "The Bill that's in Parliament is one that I support, that will address them, but it will take time, so I hope as the new prime minister I can sit down and have a constructive relationship with the Irish, French and European governments to make sure we can try and see if we can find a constructive solution to this problem, not least because it'd mean we could solve it far faster than the time it takes the Bill to get through Parliament. DON'T MISS: Sturgeon 'considering' begging British Army for help with key scheme [REVEAL] Brexit row erupts as Tory peer told to 'grow up' over 'betrayal' claim [INSIGHT] Row erupts as Bank of England furious with new masterplan [SPOTLIGHT] "People should be in no doubt that it's wrong what is happening, the Northern Ireland economy should of course be an integral part of the UK economy, it shouldn't be sucked out, and I will make sure that doesn't happen as PM." The Northern Ireland Protocol was created as part of the Brexit agreement as a way to avoid a hard land border on the island of Ireland. It did so by moving regulatory and customs processes to the Irish Sea, creating new checks on goods being shipped from Great Britain to Northern Ireland. Increased regulatory burdens due to Brexit have hit 54 percent of businesses, new figures show. 