Last week, the industry regulator Ofgem confirmed that it would be reviewing the energy price cap quarterly instead of every six months to respond quicker to changes in the market. Following this, Cornwall Insights updated its forecast for the price cap which found that energy bills are expected to soar to record highs in the coming months. In October, the price cap is expected to hit £3,500 and will be over £4,200 in the New Year from January 2023. With this in mind, experts are reminding households to “know how much credit” they have with their energy suppliers. Those who pay their energy bill by direct debit could be in credit with their provider, which means that they owe them money. Household energy bills every month are based on how much energy suppliers estimate their customers will use over the whole year. As a result, some families will be owed money because they will use less energy than they have already paid for. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Suppliers may want to refund any money owed to at the end of the year or pay the amount back by reducing direct debit payments. With millions of households preparing for another energy bill rise, this could be an option for many of them which they are otherwise unaware of. Will Hodson, the director of How to Save it?, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the rise to the energy price cap and what this means for consumers. On the fate of household energy bills, the consumer champion said: “They're going to go up by that much more, that much quicker now that we're going to our price gap, which is going up in January, as opposed to April.  “The most important thing is to help people who are facing this double whammy of hitting the New Year 2023 needing to use more energy at that time of the year when you need more energy at any other point. “Then also realising that that energy cost more than it has ever cost in living memory. I think it's not entirely a shock that it's happened.” Mr Hodson shared why it is important for energy bill-payers to know “how much credit” they have with their supplier. He said he'd like people to know they're facing "staggeringly high bills" as well as hoping that the Government is going to do anything that it can to stop that meaning personal and financial ruin for people. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments “That means if you can't pay, there's a plan. That means that there is something like a safety net and a soft landing for all the millions of households that really struggled to pay their bills this winter. “On that note, I would encourage everyone to know and to establish how much credit, if any, they have with their energy company. “If it turns out, you've got a few £100 you didn't realise was there with your energy supplier, that few 100 pounds could make a massive difference in the middle of a month to a family, which is hard up against it.” “That is why I think smart households are going to be focused, if they can afford to focus, there in the months and years to come.” However, Mr Hodson warned that households will need to eventually reduce their energy usage to see any noticeable reduction to their bills. “What we're left with is the inescapable conclusion that if you wanted to reduce your energy bills in yesteryear, the ways to do it was to change your energy supplier, swap a rip off price for a bargain price,” he said. “Those bargain prices don't exist anymore. The way that you reduce your energy bill is reducing your energy usage. “That is why I think smart households are going to be focused if they can afford to focus there in the months and years to come.”