Manchester United legend Gary Neville and former Liverpool captain Jamie Carragher were caught up in a tense social media exchange over the Glazers' ownership of the Red Devils on Saturday. Fans organised another protest against their owners before last weekend's Premier League opener against Brighton, which saw them slump to a humiliating defeat. Pascal Gross' first-half brace was enough to secure victory for the Seagulls last weekend, landing their first-ever win at Old Trafford in the process. United fans have broadly taken issue with the way the Glazers have run the club since acquiring their stake in 2003, and a frustrating summer transfer window won't have helped their image. Deals have already been concluded to sign Lisandro Martinez from Ajax, Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord and Christian Eriksen as a free agent after a spell with Brentford, but new boss Erik ten Hag remains without the big-hitting midfielder his team is crying out for. While on his way to the Brentford match, Neville asked his Twitter followers: "Right I'm a couple of hours from Brentford. What we thinking?". Carragher pounced on the opportunity to kick-start a lively debate by replying: "I’m thinking you will call for the Glazers to sell the club, after not saying it once while they paid you." JUST IN: Arsenal given green light for Yeremy Pino transfer by Unai Emery - 'Will have to leave' Neville responded: "Whilst we were battering your lot and winning league title after league title," before his Sky Sports colleague struck back: "Because of Sir Alex Ferguson, so if you get another top manager the Glazers are fine to stay! You still getting paid as an ambassador?" The United hero then pointed out that he had 'not been paid a penny' from the club in over a decade, before drawing attention to an old Carragher excerpt in which he diverted blame away from controversial ex-Liverpool owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett before while calling on players to accept responsibility. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd target wants move, Fofana to Chelsea close "I don’t like to make excuses for me or my team's poor performances, you should try that approach at Salford & stop sacking managers!" said Carragher, before Neville replied: "Sacked one manager after 4 months (needed to happen) others had 3.5 years , 2.5yrs and 1.5yrs!" United, Ten Hag and the Glazers will hope to get off the mark at the Brentford Community Stadium on Saturday afternoon with the dismal 2021/22 campaign still lingering in fans' minds. The fixture will see Eriksen return to the club that gave him a shot in January and he is fully aware that the Bees cannot be taken lightly. "They have a lot of good players," he said. "Obviously when you play with them you see how they really are and what they’re capable of. You see more situations with the players than you normally do when you play against them for [just] 90 minutes. "But they have some very good players. The striker, Ivan Toney, is very good. The keeper, David [Raya], has been very good, [Christian] Norgaard, of the Danish guys. The Danish guys are always good! They have good players in midfield and all round, and a few players that are very good."