 Prescription charges in England are £9.35 per item, whilst in Scotland and Wales people are able to claim their medication for free no matter what age they are. If a Briton has to claim multiple prescriptions then they are to face a big bill. The NHS does offer Britons a way of curbing the costs of prescriptions.     This is done with the NHS Prescription Prepayment Certificates (PPC). The certificate covers all of a person’s NHS prescriptions for a set price. The PPC will save a person money if they need more than three items in three months, or more than 11 in one year. A PPC costs £30.25 for three months and £108.10 for 12 months. READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning £1m prize?     If a person needs two prescription medicines each month, a three month PPC can help them save around £25 whilst the 12 month PPC would save them around £116 for the year. If a person requires four prescriptions a month then with the 12 month PPC they could make a saving of more than £340 a year. Britons can purchase a PCC on the NHS Business Services Authority’s website or in a registered pharmacy. If bought online, they will instantly receive the PCC through their email.     If a person requests a physical one they’ll receive their paper certificate within 10 working days. People can either pay in full for the PCC or across 10 or 12 monthly instalments by direct debit. Britons face multiple prescription charges when different drugs, types of dressings or appliances are prescribed on the same prescription and when different formulations or presentations of the same drug are prescribed. It is important that the details on the PCC are correct and kept up to date. So if a person changes their name, they will need a new certificate. READ MORE: 'Worth a try' Mum shares 'substantial change' that helped save £95 a month on energy bills     The NHS Business Services Authority stated that if this is the case, then people can return their certificate with a legal document proving the name change and they will send out a new one free of charge. In May the Government announced that it was to freeze NHS prescription charges in order to help people access medicine during the cost of living crisis. The charge usually increases in line with inflation and is announced in April. Under current proposals, the Government is also looking into aligning access to free medication on the NHS with the retirement age. Currently, Britons over the age of 60 years are not charged for an NHS prescription.    The age at which people will get free prescriptions could possibly rise to 66 years. The proposed change to free prescriptions eligibility has been up in the air for the last year with the Government not confirming whether a change will happen. In the consultation published by the Government, they state that many people aged from 60 to 65 remain in employment and can therefore afford to cover the cost. However, critics have argued that the move could force millions of older Britons to stop taking preventative prescriptions for conditions as they simply cannot afford it and would lead to further spending in the future.  