The number who made it from France in dinghies has reached 18,108 in just seven months - a total equal to 85 every day - after 337 people arrived in 10 small boats at the weekend. It comes amid top-level concern the majority of arrivals are not fleeing war or persecution, but are young economic migrants. A highly sensitive military intelligence leak revealed four in 10 are from Albania, a NATO member where there has not been a war in 25-years. It has raised fears some could become “foot soldiers” for underworld Balkan gangs at the same time they abuse the hospitality of British taxpayers. Last night, Dover MP Natalie Elphicke said: “As soon as legally possible the Rwanda flights must resume - and agreements with other countries should follow. Parliament has passed stronger laws to tackle the small boats, including new criminal offences. These laws must now be enforced. If people need our help, the UK has always shown compassion. But if people are taking us for a ride, then we should show them the door.” The data leak shows 37.5 percent of the 2,863 migrants transported by nine trafficking gangs between June 1 and July 12 were Albanian. Just 5.7 percent were Syrian and 12 percent Afghan. The fresh crisis comes as the Government’s deal to send Channel migrants to Africa continues to be mired in controversy and legal red tape. Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson warned in April those attempting to reach the UK by small boat were mostly young men “not directly fleeing imminent peril” when the plan to ship them to Rwanda was first announced. It was hoped tens of thousands prepared to pay trafficking gangs would be put off by plans to fly them to the central African state. The number of people who made the treacherous passage last year was three times the number of 2020. Some 28,431 migrants made the journey in 2021, despite figures obtained by the Daily Express showing British taxpayers have forked out at least £590 million to beef up security at the ports of Calais and Dunkirk and Eurotunnel terminal in Coquelles, since 2010/11. In addition, a bilateral arrangement between the UK and France reached in 2020 saw the Government pledge a further £54 million. Former Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage said: “The central claim the leftie lawyers and campaigners tell us to justify blocking each and every attempt to stop dangerous, illegal immigration in small boats is falling apart. Gary Lineker, the Archbishop of Canterbury, and most of Labour’s front bench are, it seems, misleading us." “The largest national group crossing the English Channel, in a sample of trafficking gang boats breaking into Britain this summer, are unlikely to be refugees. According to new data, that the government didn’t want you to see, this group does not come from a war-torn country. They are not likely to be fleeing persecution, but coming as economic migrants jumping the line. “Our lame duck government has failed to deport a single migrant to Rwanda. And we won’t be able to until we leave the European Court of Human Rights and adopt a new definition of refugee, fit for this century. We need to take back control of our borders from activist lawyers and foreign judges. We need a Brexit round two.” Figures show 12,840 people have made the crossing since the Rwanda deal was announced. Earlier this year Home Secretary Priti Patel told this newspaper adult economic migrants posing as children in order to claim asylum here were “playing the system” and abusing Britain’s global reputation as a welcoming nation.  She promised to reform a broken system costing taxpayers £5 million a day with officials given permission to use radiographs to examine teeth and bone development and X-rays. She claimed her “firm but fair” approach would better protect and support those in need while deterring illegal entry into the UK. This, she said, would smash lucrative people smuggling networks, protecting the lives of those they endanger. The Home Office said: “Our new plan for immigration will fix the broken asylum system, enabling us to grant protection to those entitled to it and to remove those with no right to be here more quickly.”