Although summer is drawing to a close, the sunshine and warm temperatures are likely to remain for a few more weeks. Parked beneath the beating sun, a car can soon become stuffy, which can make getting back into the vehicle an uncomfortable experience. This is especially true for babies and toddlers, whose car seats are fitted with metal and plastic fixtures which can heat up and run the risk of burning them. However, one mum has been hailed for her "clever" hack to keep car seats cool while your car is parked. Ruth Bradford, who posts on TikTok under the username @thebwbookproject, has amassed 2,628 likes and 399 shares on a video explaining the handy tip. Motoring expert James Baker from RegCarCheck said: "This mum has a very clever hack for your journey home – how to keep your car seats cool. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued to drivers amid pavement parking crackdown "After a long day out with the car parked in the sun, the car seats, especially the plastic and metal parts, can get very hot." In the video, the mum can be seen covering up her baby's car seat with a muslin blanket, making sure to cover all of the areas likely to get hot. She explained: "A little tip in really hot weather. If you've got a car seat that stays in the car and it's a really hot day, these metal bits can get super hot and potentially burn your baby's skin. "So once you've taken your baby or toddler out, why not cover their seat up with a muslin or cloth or anything really. "Just cover up all of the plastic bits, all of the metal bits, and then hopefully it will keep your baby nice and cool when they have to get back in and the car is a little bit hot and stuffy." When putting the hack to work, it's best to use a light colour muslin blanket or cloth to reflect the sunlight. Mr Barker added that you could also use a pillow case or even a t-shirt "to keep it cool and not be more comfortable for babies and children to get into." When returning to your car on a hot day, experts from RAC advise "fanning the interior" of your vehicle. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use a little-known speed bump technique to save fuel [COMMENT]Electric car users warned as charging more expensive than PETROL [REPORT]British drivers admit they may never be ready for switch to EVs [INSIGHT] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They explained: "Open both the windows on one side of the car, then ‘fan’ the interior by swinging a door on the opposite side back and forth. "Providing you're not worried about potentially looking a bit weird, repeat this open-close motion at least three times to help expel the hot air." Ensuring your child is comfortable during a drive is one of the best ways to reduce the risk of becoming distracted while driving. Mr Barker explained: "According to a 2020 study, one in four parents have felt distracted by children in the car, and nearly one in five has had a near-miss with an accident as a result."