British actor Tom Holland, 26, confirmed he is stepping back from social media after returning briefly to make the candid announcement. The Spider-Man star appeared emotional as he told his 67.7 million followers “hello and goodbye” before quitting the internet indefinitely. Tom seemed flustered as he began the video and admitted that he had been trying to get his words together for “about an hour”.He then said: “I am taking a break from social media for my mental health. I find Instagram and Twitter to be overstimulating and overwhelming.“I get caught up and I spiral when I read things about myself online. Ultimately, it is very detrimental to my mental state so I've decided to take a step back and delete the app.”The BAFTA winner also took the opportunity to point his followers in the direction of the mental health charity, Stem4, which offers help to suffering teenagers. READ MORE:Paul O'Grady breaks silence on reason for BBC Radio exit Stem4 offers numerous apps to help with issues like anxiety and low moods, which Tom says he has all of.He continued: “There is an awful stigma surrounding mental health. Asking for help is not something that we should be ashamed of, but that is easier said than done.”He concluded the video saying that he is “disappearing” from social media and thanked his fans for their “love and support”.Plenty of Tom’s famous friends took to the comments to wish him well following his candid admission. Justin Bieber said: “Love you man.”Olympic athlete Shane O’Neill added: “Legend.”Photographer Greg Williams praised: “Good man.”And rapper Kyle echoed: “Love you dude.” DON'T MISSBrad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed[INSIGHT]Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini[PICTURES]Loose Women host Charlene White addresses viewers 'switching off'[NEWS] As well as Tom, several other celebrities have taken breaks from social media in a bid to look after their mental health.Selena Gomez previously admitted that she deletes Instagram at least once a week to shield herself from hurtful comments on her posts.She told the New York Times: “You can’t avoid it sometimes. I delete the app from my phone at least once a week. You fixate on the [negative] ones... It’s like they want to cut your soul.  “Imagine all the insecurities that you already feel about yourself and having someone write a paragraph pointing out every little thing — even if it’s just physical." 