We need to be free to make the most of our natural resources and talents and her true blue conservatism could be the vehicle for just that. “I am an optimist about the future of this country,” Ms Truss told the Express. “I believe the best days are ahead of us. And I think by keeping taxes low, attracting business investment, getting those post “Brexit reforms done… that is the way we are going to succeed, not by talking down our country.” This is in stark contrast to the “doomsters” at the Treasury and the Bank of England Governor’s gloomy comments last week. Normally, sterling rises on the announcement of an interest rate increase, but this time it fell yet again as Andrew Bailey predicted a lengthy UK recession. Other economists were aghast. “Bailey’s contributing to a sense of state failure,” says global strategist Albert Edwards. Business editor Ambrose Evans-Pritchard added: “The governor’s catastrophism is feeding indignation hysteria in this country, made worse by Brexit derangement syndrome. It is creating a distorted perception at home and across the world that the UK is in a uniquely bad shape.” Words matter and that is why Ms Truss’s positivity is needed now. Conservatism is about improving everyday lives with the freedom to prosper and reduce government interference. She wants to get this country going again by cutting taxes, attracting business investment, and making the most of Brexit. “I think we’ve got great potential,” says the Foreign Secretary, “and we need to unleash it but the best way of doing that is by being on the side of people who work hard, who do the right thing, who set up their own businesses, who travel into work every day.” She won’t let militant trade unions hold us hostage with unrealistic demands in damaging transport strikes. Equally importantly, she needs to do away with the negativity stifling growth. Too much of our economic policy is determined by “end of the world” predictions that may or may not come true but are in the meantime strangling our recovery with regulations and taxes. A recent YouGov poll found 59 percent of Tory voters want Net Zero frozen to allow us to recover from our current economic woes. Such a move is favoured by 52 percent of the general public, with working class voters the most sceptical of environmental targets that damage our growth potential. There is no reason why the UK should be short of food, water or energy if our natural resources are handled better and not part of a Left-wing guilt-trip campaign to stifle capitalism. Farming should focus on growing food not re-wilding or solar panels. Thames Water should not have to close down its much-needed desalination plant because it fears the energy costs of running it. The naturally occurring bounty beneath our feet must be unleashed to provide UK industry and households with cheaper energy. It was only thanks to us having easy access to cheap fossil fuel that the Industrial Revolution took off in Britain. Every aspect of our modernity thrives on lower gas, electric and petrol prices. Lord Howell, former energy minister under Margaret Thatcher, is right to call for fuel duty to be slashed by half, saying it would help hard-pressed families most directly. “It’s ridiculous that people are starving to put petrol in their tanks and paying half of that straight to the government in tax,” he said. “I believe half the fuel tax can be taken away.” That is the sort of targeted tax cut that will help defeat inflation and get us back on our feet. Reversing National Insurance and corporation tax rises will encourage businesses to employ people and expand. Ms Truss’s planned investment zones will focus on reducing taxes, cutting red tape and easing planning rules in these areas to help enterprise. “I’m completely unapologetic about being optimistic,” she says, “and I’ve been travelling around the country over the last few weeks and what I see is a lot of energy, a lot of enthusiasm. A lot of people who want their areas to be successful, who want businesses to locate in their areas and those are the people I want to back.” Boris Johnson was good at backing Britain and it seems that his possible successor may have just that spirit – but it’s got to be supported by actions as well as words.