The angry resident slammed the “inconsiderate” driver after he parked near Boscombe Pier over the weekend. Ryan Mortimer was at the beach and captured the moment a driver parked across two bays to reserve one for a friend. He said lots of people were arguing with the driver about them saving the space. The local man claims that the driver stayed in the position for more than two hours. This is despite the intense backlash they faced from other drivers. Ryan explained that despite notifying authorities about the issue, no action was taken to resolve the problem. READ MORE: August driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules Thousands of Britons have flocked to beaches in the past few weeks with record temperatures meaning summer has come early for many. This has resulted in many travelling to the coast to catch some sun and relax on the beach. However, this does not come without its issues, with many scrambling for parking spaces at the beach. To vent his frustration at the situation, Ryan took to social media to share the incident with residents. DON'T MISSDrivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairs [WARNING]Driver hit with parking note from angry neighbour after blocking road [SHOCKING]'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack [INSIGHT] Ryan claims that the driver was "reserving a space" when he saw them park over two parking spaces. In his post, Ryan wrote: "Car parked on Boscombe Undercliffe Drive like this for over an hour. "'We are reserving a space' that’s the response I got. Parking guys informed but no action taken." He added that the drivers were seemingly apathetic about the situation. Ryan told DorsetLive: "It was over two hours in the end until their friend arrived. “Lots of people were arguing with them about saving the space but they didn’t care." A new study found that many seaside spots offer parking for less than £1 an hour. The seaside village of Lympstone, in Devon, ranked top for the cheapest seaside towns to park in, coasting just 40p for an hour. A handful of cities charge 50p an hour including Clacton-on-Sea, Melcombe Regis and Milford Haven in Wales. Milford Haven also ranks top for the cheapest all-day parking, charging just £1.50. Fishguard in Wales and Gourock in Scotland charge £2 for holidaymakers to park all day. With temperatures set to stay warm over the coming weeks and months, drivers will be looking to take advantage of the beach parking savings.