The two BBC Breakfast presenters were discussing some of the interesting headlines from Thursday's newspapers when one about a free-diving record caught Naga Munchetty's eye. Before explaining the story, she ordered Charlie Stayt to "hold his breath" as she described the article, but he refused because it was "dangerous". As Naga tried to get him to do it, he argued it was "risky" and quipped about "checking the guidelines" as Naga became exasperated. After finding the story, Naga asked her colleague: "How long can you hold your breath for?" As Charlie didn't respond, she said: "Just try- from now. Because... just try!" She continued to ask: "Are you holding it?" but Charlie disappointed her. "No," he replied simply as Naga appeared baffled. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets "Oh, come on!" she asserted as Charlie looked hesitant. "No, because it's dangerous and risky," he explained. "It's not dangerous!" Naga remarked but Charlie wouldn't change his mind. "It's very, very dangerous," the broadcaster maintained. Turning to the camera, Naga sighed and raised her eyes. "I'll look up the guidelines," Charlie continued. "There's some guidelines there." "I imagine there will be," Naga responded, finally giving up. She went on: "I'm showing you a picture of Gary McGrath, who's broken the British free diving record on Tuesday. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Craig reflects on 'emotional' moment in series [EXLCUSIVE]Josie Gibson tearful after emotional Olivia Newton-John tribute [VIDEO]Ellie Taylor slams Strictly curse as she's 9th celeb confirmed [LATEST] "He swam down 112 metres without breathing apparatus." Turning to Charlie, she added: "He took - do you want to take a guess?" "Erm six-and-a-half minutes," Charlie estimated, to which Naga replied shortly: "No." She revealed how Gary had taken three minutes and 14 seconds. "That's amazing," Charlie commented, while Naga continued: "He only used a rope to go down to keep straight, and monofin. "It was a competition in the Bahamas, but yeah, he's broken the British freediving record. Three minutes and 14 seconds." Teasing, Charlie replied: "...And breathe," pretending he'd been holding his breath. "You should have done," Naga stated, disappointed. "But you didn't." "How long was that? About a minute-and-a-half, something like that?" Charlie joked. Naga answered bluntly: "No. You didn't. You didn't do it." BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.