Travelling with hand luggage only can be a great way to make extra savings, avoiding the need to pay for a checked bag. However, as well as staying in line with airline size and weight restrictions, passengers must also be aware of mandatory security rules. In order to keep passengers, crew and flights safe, airport security staff will not let anything through that they consider dangerous. Though certain items are obviously dangerous, there are also a few things you might use every single day that are also on the banned list. Gov.uk explained: "There are restrictions on what items you can take in your hand luggage and hold luggage when boarding a plane in the UK." In 2006, flights introduced restrictions surrounding the amount of liquids you can take onboard in your cabin bag. READ MORE: The 'safest' seaside town in the UK has 'beautiful' beach - full list This includes everything from water to thicker liquids such as jams and condiments. The rule came after British police foiled a terror plot which planned to detonate liquid explosives onboard multiple flights. Gov.uk said: "There are restrictions on the amount of liquids you can take in your hand luggage. "If possible, pack liquids in your hold baggage (luggage that you check in)." Among the liquids banned from hand luggage are certain make-up and toiletries if they are carried in containers over 100ml. Some everyday essentials which fall under the liquids ban include: However, all of the items listed above are permitted to be carried onboard as long as they are in containers of 100ml or less. Containers must be carried in a single, transparent, resealable plastic bag, which holds no more than a litre and measures approximately 20cm x 20cm. The contents must fit comfortably inside of the bag sot hat it can be sealed, and the bag must not be knotted at the top. Each passenger is limited to one bag of liquid items, and you must remove the plastic bag at security and present it to staff. DON'T MISSHand luggage rules: 5 common foods banned from flights [EXPLAINER]Baggage handler shares 'sad' luggage item in the hold [COMMENT]Flight attendant shares cardinal hotel hygiene tip [REVEALED] Typically, the plastic bag is taken out of the luggage and placed in a plastic tray to go through the baggage x-ray machine. Gov.uk added: "Liquids in containers larger than 100ml generally cannot go through security even if the container is only part full. There are some exemptions." The main exemptions to the liquid rule are if the item is for essential medical purposes, special dietary requirements or baby food and milk. You can also take liquids bought at an airport or on a plane (such as duty free) through security if the items are sealed inside a security bag when you buy them and the receipt for the items is sealed in the security bag and visible.