The expert said there is a parallel between the ongoing war in Ukraine and the possible invasion of Taiwan plans but argued Chinese President Xi Jinping has a “much tougher and harder” task on his hands. She explained Taiwan has been “a flourishing democracy” for a long time and, as an island, China would need to perform major “joint land, sea, and air operations"  Xi's troops have yet to master. Ms Yu told GB News: “There is a parallel with Putin but there’s one difference. “The task on China’s hands is much tougher. The military task is also much harder. “Taiwan is an island. China has to be better at joint operations. “Those land, sea, and air operations that it is trying to be better at but so far haven’t really cracked. “It’s a much tougher task than marching over some grass.” Comparing Taiwan to Ukraine, she added: “Taiwan has been a flourishing democracy. “Ukraine has had less time being a flourishing independent state.” Referring to Hong Kong and China's President Xi Jinping, she said: “Hong Kong is one of those places that got returned in 1997. READ MORE: Pelosi praises Taiwan as ‘one of the freest societies’ “Taiwan hasn’t been reunified in the Chinese mindset. “It is a reminder to those in Beijing to presidency that [Xi Jinping’s] job is not done essentially. “He talks about the great rejuvenation of the Chinese people, but you can’t really rejuvenate the Chinese people with our reuniting all of your territories, at least in his mind”. The comments came as yesterday evening US Speaker Nancy Pelosi met Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen in Taipei. DON'T MISS: China's aggression against Taiwan risks war in Asia: 'Pick a side!' [WATCH]Fury as 'stupid' US 'propaganda' claims EU exit 'fantasy' [LISTEN]Face the facts! Fury erupts as EU throws Dublin under the bus [INSIGHT] In a statement, Ms Pelosi confirmed the US's “crucial” solidarity with Taiwan amid the latest tensions between China and Taiwan. She stressed: “Today our delegation came to Taiwan to make it unequivocally clear we will not abandon our commitment to Taiwan, and we are around of our enduring friendship”. China had earlier warned that the US would “pay the price” for Ms Pelosi’s visit. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi contemned Pelosi’s decision to visit Taiwan and said: “This is a complete farce. The United States is violating China’s sovereignty under the guise of so-called ‘democracy’, those who offend China will be punished”. In the wake of the visit, China said it will hold almost a week of military exercises that will include live-fire drills in six zones encircling Taiwan. Taiwan has encouraged ships to find alternative routes and avoid the areas where Chinese drills are expected to take place for the next four days. READ NEXT: GB News: SNP 'in intensive care' over independence bidTruss vows to get economy 'FIRING on all cylinders'Sunak vow after members poll gives him lead on Brexit trustTory leadership chaos as security alert delays voteHuge plume of smoke rises near shopping centre as blaze rages 