Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk insists Darwin Nunez is a completely different player to Sadio Mane but is confident he will be a success at Anfield. As Mane departed for Bayern Munich earlier this summer, Nunez joined the Reds for what could turn out to be a club-record fee. With add-ons, Liverpool may end up paying £85million for the Uruguay striker. That would smash the £75m they spent on signing Van Dijk in January 2018. Nunez scored and impressed off the bench in Saturday's Community Shield win over Manchester City. But Mane's departure leaves big shoes to fill at Anfield. Van Dijk says the 23-year-old has different qualities to his former team-mate when asked if he can replace him. The Dutchman told reporters: “Obviously he’s a totally different player to Sadio but time has been moved on, we got him in, different player, different qualities and hopefully we can use his qualities in a positive way. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea double deal, Man Utd's De Jong message, Arsenal's four targets  “It’s a good start today but it’s only a start and hopefully he has to do it many more times. We’re all confident.” Van Dijk knows all about having a heavy transfer fee on your shoulders. But he does not think that will have a negative effect on Nunez and claims the forward is not thinking about how much Liverpool spent on him. Van Dijk added: “To score that goal was important. For him it’s just the same as me. The transfer fee for example is not something you should think about. “I don’t think he does. He just has to keep his head down, work hard and be an important player for the player and I think he showed that. DON'T MISSMan Utd look set to be forced into three signings as De Jong saga takes turnArsenal could still make four more signings in final month of windowLiverpool could still make two more signings in final month of window  “I think he shouldn’t look at what all of you guys [the media] have to say about any game that he plays and he just has to focus on himself, the team, improve, get settled in as quickly as possible. The way to do that is to learn in training, learn from the games you play and don’t look at what others have to say about your performances. “That’s the key to success and if you perform then you’ll be fine. You see he’s so direct. "He makes good runs in behind, he’s quick, he’s strong and I said it before that he’s a modern day striker.” Nunez will be aiming to make a first Premier League start when Liverpool visit Fulham on the opening day on Saturday. 