 A Place In The Sun host Laura Hamilton has given fans the latest update on the renovation process of her new family home. The 40-year-old embarked on the project back in March following her split from her husband Alex Goward after 13 years together.     She has since been keeping her instagram followers up to date with the revamp of her new pad with a series of posts. In her latest video, Laura showed her 161,000 followers the building progress as she admitted she initially had “a bit of a panic”. Laura explained that the process is still ongoing but she is “mindful” of how much she can spend. Sharing a video of different parts of the house, Laura warned fans that the renovation process could prove “stressful” at times.  She captioned the clip: “After almost two months of working abroad, I FINALLY got to see 'The Rebuild' (the family home I have been building for myself, and the children since March). “I did have a bit of a panic when I walked through the front door (even though I have renovated a fair few properties) because although my brilliant build time have done SO MUCH, it's still a complete building site and i'm mindful of my budget and the rising costs of everything! Laura concluded: “Renovating/building houses can be very stressful but when you look back at the finished product it is so rewarding and even if I can't complete all of the interiors I will make sure the house is habitable!” Fans of the TV star soon took to the comments section to heap praise on the extensive renovation work that had so far been achieved.    Emilypontepermanentmakeup said: “Ahh it’s going to look amazing.. should be so proud. “Can’t wait to come visit at some point.” Leakyroofcreations_ commented: “It looks brilliant. “You work hard and deserve everything good in life. Shine on.xx” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [ANALYSIS]Gogglebox's Jenny Newby pays tribute to co-star Lee Riley amid surgery [UPDATE]   Mccraerob10 typed: “Looks an amazing house you're building for you and your children xx” Laura announced at the beginning of the year that she and her husband were separating after over a decade together. She confirmed the news on her Instagram page, alongside a quote which read: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." Laura and Alex married in 2012 and have two children together, Rocco and Tahlia.     She wrote in her caption: "This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. "Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time."