Reports the monarch may have the chance to meet the Sussexes have been swirling since a spokesperson for the couple announced they were travelling back to Europe for a few days in early September. Meghan and Prince Harry will be in England on the days the Queen is to bid farewell to the outgoing Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and ask the new leader of the Conservative Party, to be announced on September 5, to form a government. However, two royal commentators believe it would be advisable for the Queen to remain in Scotland and carry out her duty as head of state from her residence in Balmoral, given her episodic mobility issues and advanced age. If the political meetings took place north of the border, the Sussexes would see their chances for an encounter with the monarch reduced, unless they could carve out the time in their busy schedule to travel to Scotland. Royal author Phil Dampier shared his thoughts about Her Majesty's possible trip to southern England to meet the future political leader of the country in a tweet earlier today. He wrote: "#TheQueen wants to show she is still a functioning head of state but wouldn't it be better if the new Prime Minister travelled to Scotland to see her at Balmoral rather than her go to London or Windsor?" READ MORE: Royal: Sussex fury as Duchess told to 'shut up' Joe Little, royal commentator and managing editor at Majesty magazine, replied to the tweet saying he agreed with this take, adding a screenshot including his remarks on the matter shared four days ago. In an interview with the Daily Beast, Mr Little said: "I'll be amazed if the 96-year-old monarch does travel to London for this purpose next month and wonder if there really is a need for her to meet her 15th British Prime Minister in person. "Could it not be done virtually, as is the case with incoming ambassadors to the UK? "Or perhaps the new Prime Minister could fly up to Scotland and be received by the Queen at Balmoral."  Mr Little added Buckingham Palace has been very careful in stressing it is business as usual for the monarch as she continues to carry out her daily duties as head of state despite her episodic mobility issues. However, he added: "Buckingham Palace has always been keen to avoid any inference that HM is frail and the accepted line is that she remains very much in charge. "That's how she likes it. However, that’s proved difficult of late." Buckingham Palace revealed earlier this year the monarch has been experiencing over the past few months "episodic mobility issues" which have forced her to pull out of a number of important engagements. In November, she did not travel to Glasgow as planned to attend the reception at the COP26 summit. Rather, she recorded a video message from Windsor Castle, in which she recalled her husband's work on conservation and urged world leaders to take significant decisions to tackle climate change. In March, she was represented by Prince Charles at the Commonwealth Day service held at Westminster Abbey. And in May, she was replaced for the first time in her reign by the Prince of Wales during the State Opening of Parliament. The monarch also missed some of the events scheduled to mark her historic 70 years on the throne during a long bank holiday weekend in June, as she acknowledged herself in a statement released on the final day of celebrations. She said: "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family." Most recently, the Queen attended the traditional welcome to Balmoral Castle behind closed doors for her "comfort" rather than in the presence of the press as it has traditionally happened, a source said. Meghan and Prince Harry are scheduled to stay in Europe between September 5 and 8. Their representative said on Monday the Sussexes are to attend a number of events hosted by charities close to their hearts. On September 5, the day the winner of the Tory leadership contest will be announced, the Duke and Duchess will be in Manchester for the One Young World summit. On the following day, they will be in Dusseldorf to mark the 12-month countdown to the next Invictus Games tournament taking place in the German city. And on September 8 they will be in London to attend the WellChild Awards, hosted by one of Harry's most beloved patronages.