I say "organisation", but it's more a bunch of kids who have got together to talk complete rubbish about climate change and everything else related to it. They align themselves with Extinction Rebellion but their particular specialism in the crowded field of pointless anti-social activities is a desire to ban us all from eating meat, fish and dairy and force us all to be vegan. Animal farming, they say, is a major cause of climate change and, according to their tinpot plan, farms should only be allowed to produce vegetables and to re-wild their spare fields. Apparently we are already well on the way to becoming a totally plant-based society, according to the plant-brained bloke who came on my TALKTV show to lecture me about it. Tim Speers was talking at me in that way people do when they have no concept of debate - speaking without taking a breath just in case someone else might want to put an alternative view. This is the man who, with others, tipped milk all over the floor of the Harrods food hall last month in protest against, er, milk. In the next few weeks, said Mr Speers, they will be taking direct action against dairy farmers and dairies. Why? I hear you ask.  Well, apart from the fact that milk is destroying the planet - no, really - it's because milk is racist, explained my guest. "What? Is that because it's white?" I wondered. Well that's a new angle on so-called "white privilege". But, no. It's because many people of colour are lactose intolerant, he said. So it's an evil plot to keep people of colour downtrodden by making them drink something that makes them poorly, according to this bunch of numpties who want to have milk production stopped because they say it is "a racist drug". And these are the people who want to forcefeed us vegetables. You won't be surprised that even fellow vegans think Mr Speers and his co-nutters are as thick as mince, sorry, minced tofu, following their Harrods tantrum.  Next Saturday Mr Matt Goss is coming on my TalkTV show and I can't wait. Matt and his twin brother Luke, who hit stardom as pop duo Bros, have been friends of mine for more than 20 years and helped me get over my first brush with cancer. In fact, Luke and his wife Shirley used to take us out after every check-up I had. They were so kind. Now Matt is returning to England having spent many years in the States being very successful in Vegas and even having a "Matt Goss Day" named after him. He's made albums and triumphed as a writer and actor. When the guys started out as Bros in the mid- Eighties they were as big as The Beatles. The kids went mad for them and they were mobbed everywhere they went. And then suddenly the media turned against them. But both have found success going solo. I just want to say how great it is that Matt has realised that Britain is a much better, much nicer and kinder place to live in and come back. I can't wait for the release of his new album, and he's recently been revealed as a new Strictly contestant. I'm beginning to laugh already. Welcome home mate. Can anybody tell me what is the point of the "Of" people - Ofwat, Ofcom or Of-anything? These regulators don't seem to have the power to control the people they are meant to control. Either that or they're just not very good at it and I'd like to tell them to "Of" off. There must be a better way of sorting out some kind of regulatory bodies for organisations in this country because the quangos we've got don't seem to be able to protect anyone. I think I have to join the bandwagon of people questioning why Parliament is still in recess. Not only do we face crises abroad, with a war in Ukraine, not to mention China threatening Taiwan, but we have all the problems of the cost of energy, water shortages and illegal immigration at home... and still the politicians are on holiday. My suggestion is that they should recall Parliament now and stop this stupid pretence of democracy that is the leadership contest. They should just elect whoever all the MPs (and not just card-carrying members of one particular party) think is the best person for Prime Minister so he/ she can get on with sorting the problems. And then the whole country can have a vote at the next General Election. Even I, who failed the 11+, could sort this out, so why can't all the so-called clever people do it? What A shame, and such a surprise, that Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner and Scots First Minister Nicola Sturgeon seem to have fallen out. And I always thought they were both so accommodating, so collaborative... Only joking. They are two of the most annoying and divisive humans in politics. A video of Rayner, right, did nothing to make her look the caring, warm person that socialists are meant to be, but at least she derided a deal with Sturgeon, who is obsessed with taking Scotland down the dark path of independence. The wee one clearly doesn't care about anyone other than those who share her deluded opinion, and meanwhile Scotland is falling apart with drug problems, education problems, a failing health service and an economy in trouble. I know, because I get a lot of calls from Scots to my radio and TV shows and the majority, it seems to me - like the majority of English, Welsh and Northern Irish - wish to stay within the United Kingdom. We are stronger together. Well, the rest of us are. But clearly not Rayner and Sturgeon. Who decides what is offensive, and what exactly does it achieve to try to make sure that people are never offended? I ask because of the decision by some universities to apply trigger warnings to more than 1,000 texts to protect students from "challenging" content. Higher education institutions - including three of the supposedly elite universities in the Russell Group - have either withdrawn texts from their curricula or made them "optional" to avoid harming undergraduates. Trigger warnings have been applied to works by, among others, Shakespeare, Jane Austen, Geoffrey Chaucer and Charles Dickens. So now it's "who's afraid of Jane Austen?" "Challenging" texts could include any books on slavery, war, torture, or pretty much anything you can think of that might be distasteful. Who on earth makes these stupid decisions? And why? If students can't be challenged at university, what is the point of their education? It's supposed to be a time for rebellion and adventurous thought. Think of the Sixties student sit-ins and protest marches against the Vietnam War. It looks like the next generation is going to be so wet, so frightened of everything that we might as well hand our nation over to whoever wants to oppress us. All this is just making me want to go out to people of student age and scream in their faces to wake them out of their snowflake world. If people are frightened to use free speech for fear of offending someone, or being sued for damaging their mental health, the world has gone mad. Life is not always honey and buttercups. Sometimes it is quite awful and we need to build up the resilience to cope, not prepare to collapse in a snivelling heap. The people at universities making these decisions should be sacked - obviously with a warning that a period of unemployment is about to be triggered, with possible consequences for their mental health.