Arsenal icon Paul Merson has urged Anthony Gordon to decide against joining Chelsea before next week's transfer deadline in order to avoid falling under the radar as a bit-part player for the Blues. Gordon has emerged as one of Everton's most important assets over the last few months and looks set to take on a key role for Frank Lampard's side if he stays at Goodison Park over the course of the campaign ahead. Chelsea are trying to prise Gordon away from Merseyside, though, and reportedly saw an opening bid in the region of £45million knocked back by the Toffees earlier this month. Merson believes that although Gordon would likely jump at the chance to join one of the Premier League's biggest and best clubs, he should exercise caution and take his future into consideration when deciding whether or not to push for a move to Stamford Bridge this summer."This transfer window is going to be a hard one for Anthony Gordon, he’s Everton’s superstar, in a sense, and he’s got his head turned," Merson told Sportskeeda."I think he’ll leave for Chelsea tomorrow morning if he has the chance. But I don’t think he’d play for them anywhere near as often as he could for Everton. Anthony Gordon’s a hero at Everton. JUST IN: Tottenham have lost their 'sweetener' to sign Nicolo Zaniolo "He’ll play every week, and he’ll be a big fish in a small pond. Will he go to Chelsea to sit on the bench and not play? In a few years, we might be sitting here saying: 'What happened to that Gordon?'"On the other hand, he’d probably earn triple the wages at Chelsea. If he turns the move down, will he ever get another chance to play for them? This is an incredibly difficult decision. Don’t go by the money, go with your heart."It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will ultimately be successful in their pursuit of Gordon, who remains tied down to Everton until the summer of 2025 after penning a long-term deal with the Toffees two years ago. Lampard revealed on Friday that Everton are yet to receive an updated proposal from Chelsea before insisting that Gordon will continue to be available for selection in spite of the ongoing speculation around his immediate future. "He's our player, he remains so, he's in the squad for tomorrow, he's a huge player for us," Lampard told reporters. "I said it last week, not only is he a big value for the club if you want to talk financially but more importantly a big value to the squad and the team. "They [Chelsea] haven't bid £60m, let's not talk about a number that's not there! I've been fortunate enough to work with fantastic young players, see them develop into England internationals and Champions League winners worth triple figures in terms of some of their personal values. "Anthony's in that bracket, he's a pleasure to work with and he's ours. He's an Everton boy, he plays for us, the crowd relate to him. It's understandable that people would be interested because of the level of player he is, but the facts remain the same." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here 