There is little doubt the winner will be the present Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, who has held a commanding lead in polls of party members and has demonstrated increasing authority on the campaign trail. But her inheritance as Prime Minister will be immensely difficult. From her first day in office, she will face an array of catastrophic problems, including the soaring cost of energy, rampant inflation, war in Ukraine, pressure on public services and worsening strikes. What makes her position even harder are the divisions within her party - exacerbated by the leadership race. Ms Truss is a favourite of the activists, but much less popular among Tory MPs, only a third of whom backed her. That is the lowest level of parliamentary support since formal elections began in the 1960s. Moreover, the bitterness of her battle with the ex-chancellor Rishi Sunak has left an ugly legacy. Both campaign teams traded vicious insults that are a gift to the enemies of Conservatism. Mr Sunak's backers called her economic plans "immoral", a "fantasy" and "electoral suicide", while Ms Truss's supporters labelled him "a disgrace", "not fit for office" and a "petulant child". Looming over this feud is the charismatic Boris Johnson, who remains aggrieved at his downfall, despite lucrative offers of newspaper columns, book deals and speaking engagements.  His acolytes reportedly believe he might be able to make his way back to the political summit if the new PM is swiftly engulfed by disillusion and then loses a subsequent vote of confidence. In such circumstances, there is nothing in the rules to prevent Mr Johnson from putting himself forward as a candidate once more. But such a scenario is highly unlikely, not only because his premiership ended so disastrously amid unprecedented byelection defeats, but also because the exhausted party has no appetite for another round of internecine fighting. A far more productive course would be for Ms Truss to establish a united front by bringing all wings of the party together. In the coming tempest, every experienced hand is needed on deck. The Tories have traditionally been the party of pragmatism rather than ideology. Today, given the enormous scale of the challenge facing the Government, it would be the height of folly for Ms Truss to exclude any heavyweights from her Cabinet simply because of the way they voted in the leadership contest or their past political opinions. She needs a broad collection of talent, not a narrow sect, particularly as her circle of advisers is not rich in official experience. "She is surrounded by quite a callow group," says one senior Tory. Over the weekend, there was speculation at Westminster that she would indulge in "a cull of the big beasts" on entering No.10. That is the exact opposite of what she should do.  In place of the axe, she should offer key positions to figures like Jeremy Hunt, the longestserving health secretary in history, Michael Gove, Priti Patel, Dominic Rabb, Grant Shapps and Greg Clark. The mood of determined unity would be dramatically reinforced if she were to give one of the great offices of state to Rishi Sunak, whose intellectual clout would make him well-suited to the role of either foreign or home secretary. In the past, personal and policy differences did not stop ministers from serving their rivals. Michael Heseltine and Douglas Hurd went into John Major's Cabinet after they were beaten by him in 1990. And former PM Alec Douglas-Home had a long spell as foreign secretary in the early 1970s, while Arthur Balfour was a Cabinet minister intermittently after being ousted in 1905. Unity is vital if the Tories are to stand any chance of winning the next General Election. Under Sir Keir Starmer, Labour is a much more dangerous foe than under Jeremy Corbyn. The latest opinion poll puts Sir Keir's party on 40 per cent, 14 points ahead of the Tories on 26. Moreover, as recent by-elections have demonstrated, the Lib Dems are a major threat in the traditional Tory heartlands of the south and west. On a swing of just 6 per cent from the Government - less than David Cameron achieved in 2010 - no fewer than 89 seats would be lost. If they remain together, the Tories still might have a hope of winning. Divided, they are doomed. 