Martin Brundle has warned Max Verstappen that soon people will begin to ‘moan’ due to his dominance in Formula One, just like they did with Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher. The 24-year-old won the Belgian Grand Prix last weekend to extend his lead at the top of the F1 standings to 93 points. Verstappen claimed his first title last season, and his form over the past few months have proved that the Dutchman intends on dominating the sport. Hamilton and Schumacher have both had long spells at the top of F1 as they secured seven world titles apiece. And Brundle has told Sky Sports that he feels it is only a matter of time before Verstappen receives the same treatment as Hamilton and Schumacher once did. He wrote: “We will, of course, soon have some people moaning that one driver is dominating, as we had with Michael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton, among others, rather than them appreciating the level of excellence Red Bull and Max are delivering.” Verstappen made a somewhat tricky task in Belgium look easy. He came home 18 seconds in front, despite beginning the race in 13th alongside Charles Leclerc. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton told by Toto Wolff to 'compromise' after brutal swipe Red Bull superstar Verstappen was asked whether he believed he was in the form of his career, to which he replied: “It's always difficult to say, but I'm just enjoying the moment. "I think also everyone in the team, we are having a good time, but we are also very focused on what we want to achieve. At the moment we are achieving that, but we always want more." Verstappen has now registered his ninth win of the F1 season, which puts him within touching distance of the record for most in a campaign. The current title is held jointly by Schumacher (2004) and Sebastien Vettel (2013) who both have won 13 races in a season previously, though it is worth noting that their campaigns had 18 and 19 races in them, whereas there will be 22 this season. Red Bull are certainly reaping the benefits of their bold approach with Verstappen, and they have now revealed that they purposefully threw him in at ‘the deep end’ when letting him partake in a race weekend aged 17. Their advisor, Helmut Marko, told Formula 1.nl.: “We made a conscious decision to throw Max into the deep end. I believed that with him we had found someone who would become the new norm. "You can’t demand everything right away, but everything went fine, Max was extraordinary in the first season.” It remains to be seen for just how long Verstappen can assert his dominance over his rivals in the seasons to come.