France has long been a firm favourite with Brits for holidays. After all the country offers up some incredible food, breathtaking destinations and heaps of culture and fun activities for the whole family to enjoy. But if you're planning a trip in autumn, then according to the Normandy tourism board you're going to want Normandy firmly on your travel wishlist. Moreover, it’s easily accessible with your car from Portsmouth or Poole with Brittany Ferries. It's a brilliant time to visit as the peak summer crowds are gone, the weather is sunny, and temperatures are around 19C so it's ideal for exploring. Not to mention the plethora of special events and fascinating attractions on offer. There's so much to see and do, so we've narrowed it down to give you a taster of some of the highlights - check out our top picks below. Whether you're looking for an adventure, want something fun to do with younger children or simply want to tuck into some of that world-famous French cuisine, Normandy caters to all types of holidaymakers.  Adventure Those looking for memorable experiences can enjoy a host of thrilling activities whether that's flying an Aeroplume in the Manche, taking on one of the breathtaking green cycling routes, or sea kayaking amid iconic D-Day landmarks. Families may also want to head to the Dieppe seafront between September 10-18 when the town's international kite festival is in full swing. Hundreds of kites take to the skies, and it's one of the 300 biggest events in the world! Meanwhile the Cité de la Mer in Cherbourg is celebrating its 20th anniversary in 2022 with a wealth of festivities and activities taking place until the end of the year. Sightseeing If sightseeing is on the cards, then the extraordinary Mont-Saint-Michel needs to be on your radar. The historic spot looks like something out of a fairytale, perched on an island in the middle of the sea. Arrive in the morning and you'll get plenty of time to explore the winding alleyways, discover the breathtaking abbey, and admire the one-of-a-kind sea views on offer. Meanwhile history buffs can pay tribute to British soldiers at the newly-opened British Normandy Memorial in Ver-sur-Mer. The memorial records the names of the 22,442 servicemen and women under British command who fell on D-Day and during the Battle of Normandy in the summer of 1944. A truly moving site. To help children understand the enormity of D-Day, there's also a new immersive D-Day experience for kids at Juno Beach. Find out more on the Brittany Ferries website.  Food France serves up some of the best cuisine in the world, whether you're tucking into breakfast at a café, indulging in lunch at a local restaurant, or even going full gourmet for dinner. However, foodies definitely won't want to miss the ‘Fête du Ventre’ (aka a party of the stomach) taking place in Rouen from October 15-16. One of Normandy's largest food festivals, this two-day event is a foodie mecca with hundreds of producers setting up shop throughout the city centre. Considering Rouen is a UNESCO City of Gastronomy, you can expect some seriously mouthwatering options on offer at the stalls.  Arts and culture Throughout Normandy you'll find plenty of fascinating museums and art galleries, not to mention there are some fun activities such as being able to learn to paint like Monet in Hornfleur. World-famous British artist David Hockney now lives and works in Normandy, and from September 22 an exhibition of his work will kick off until the end of the year. 'A Year in Normandie' will open at the Bayeux Tapestry Museum, including a 90m-long frieze celebrating the Normandy countryside, and half scale reproductions of some monumental works.  How to get there and places to stay The best way to visit Normandy this autumn is with Brittany Ferries. Leave the airport challenges behind by packing your car with all you need and setting sail from either Portsmouth to Caen or Poole to Cherbourg with fares starting from just £89. Don’t forget though to leave space to bring back loads of local goodies and take advantage of duty free savings onboard! Need accommodation? No problem. Brittany Ferries offer a great range of sail & stay holidays and breaks in Normandy. From country cottages to hotel breaks and tours there’s something to suit all tastes and budgets. A three night car tour exploring the D-day sites starts from just £257pp based on two travelling and includes return travel with your car and three nights hotel stay with breakfast. Find out more on Brittany Ferries offers here. More info You can also find further details with Normandy Tourism, Brittany Ferries and Explore France.