And over a quarter (27 percent) claim selling online is their main source of income. And the study found that the small business love is real, with almost half (47 percent) saying they support side hustlers and independent businesses more than any other online retailer. Clothes, books, and electronics are the most popular products sellers and shoppers are exchanging across the UK. Of those who sell, just under half feel a sense of achievement when they ship a parcel off to its new home. And 36 percent of buyers claim it puts a spring in their step when their parcel arrives, with one in three (32 percent) describing a parcel delivery as the “highlight” of their day. Nick Landon, chief commercial officer for Royal Mail Parcel Collect, which carried out the study to celebrate surpassing six million items being collected since its launch in 2020, said: “It’s wonderful to see the nation’s entrepreneurship blossom and grow. “We are delighted to play a pivotal role in making that possible – supporting the nation’s small businesses and side hustlers to distribute their precious cargo up and down the country, from doorstep to doorstep. “We are proud to be an enabler of everyday people, looking to pursue their dreams amid the cost-of-living crisis. “We aspire to make our services as convenient as possible, so everyone can manage their business from home – removing the need to trek heavy parcels to the local drop-off point whenever they make a deserved sale.” The study also found eBay, Facebook Marketplace, and Etsy were the online marketplaces that respondents use most frequently, with one in five using Vinted. Top reasons for using online platforms like these are to save money (42 percent), and enjoying the thrill of hunting down the perfect item (35 percent). Others like allowing someone else to enjoy something they no longer need (35 percent), and giving items a new lease of life (31 percent). Environmental factors also play a role, with a third using online marketplaces because it’s better for the environment – and 28 percent wanting to set a good example to their kids about buying and selling pre-loved items, rather than buying new. The OnePoll study found sales are going so well for two in five (41 percent), they have plans to develop their side hustle into their main source of income. The over-65s are most likely to have these plans already in place (60 percent), with Londoners leading on this charge (58 percent), versus just six percent in East Anglia. Nick Landon added: “We know how important the nation’s parcels are. Getting them to their new homes, in good hands, is our top priority. “Our Parcel Collect service is part of our ongoing commitment to create innovative and convenient ways to collect and deliver precious parcels from our customers doorsteps, every day.” Holly Tucker MBE, long-term partner of Royal Mail and founder of notonthehighstreet and Holly & Co, said: “It’s impressive to see how entrepreneurial we are as a nation, and how many of us are selling and sending parcels across the UK, from handmade wares through to second-hand goods. “With many of us juggling side-hustles and full-time jobs, it’s important to be efficient with our time when it comes to running our “shops”, tapping into the tools and services available to support us.” HOLLY TUCKER'S TIME-SAVING TIPS FOR SELLERS AND SIDE-HUSTLERS: