David Mulligan, 32, was serving 17 years when messages were uncovered between him and Remi Merriman, 35. Over the course of a number of weeks, Merriman offered ‘wholesale’ amounts of cocaine and heroin to Mulligan, who was running his own separate drugs line from his prison cell using illegal mobile phones.  Following a GMP investigation - Operation Headland - into the supply of class A drugs in Tameside and across Greater Manchester, detectives arrested nine people. Officers searched a number of homes, the Manchester Evening News reports. Those searches uncovered drugs, cash and - at Merriman’s property - designer clothing, Rolex watches and high calibre bikes. Minshull Street Crown Court previously heard officers analysed Merriman’s iPhone 11, and uncovered a number of incriminating WhatsApp messages. A ‘snapshot’ of the messages over a seven-week period revealed that Merriman organised the sale of 1.82 kilos of heroin worth between £72,000 and £109,000; and 2.33 kilos of cocaine worth between £116,000 and £166,000. Numerous messages between February 2 and March 18 2020 showed conversations between Merriman and customers, in which orders were made for ounce deals of cocaine and heroin. Messages between Merriman and a man called Matthew Lister were recovered, in which Merriman supplied large amounts of class A drugs to Lister and asked him for payment. In other messages, Lister asked for ‘work’ from Merriman and later asked for ‘half a job’, which the court heard, means ‘half a kilo’ of drugs. In messages between Merriman and Mulligan, it was made clear that Merriman had paid £34,000 for a kilo of cocaine - and between £13.5,000 and £14,000 for a kilo of heroin, prosecutor Helena Williams said. Mulligan later offered a cheaper figure of £12,000 for heroin, the messages showed. Throughout their messages, it was clear Merriman was supplying drugs to dealers who worked for Mulligan in Openshaw and Ashton-Under-Lyne. A judge later said Merriman was working as a ‘commercial broker’. Merriman would then arrange for his ‘trusted lieutenant’ Lewis Carr, 30, to drop off the drugs to the dealers, driven by David Cottrell, also 30. A number of messages were recovered between Merriman and Carr, including a message from Carr which involved a debtors list he had sent to Merriman, asking: “Anyone else I missed?” Ms Williams said Benjamin Grimes, 32, was a ‘customer’ who ordered large amounts of both cocaine and heroin over messages on a regular basis and paid large payments. When he was later arrested in connection with the conspiracy, officers found 10 cannabis plants at his house. Andrew Brereton, 56, was said to be an ‘associate’ of Mulligan and Nathan Powell, who was jailed for nine years and eight months in May for peddling cocaine. Brereton was found to be involved in the supply of drugs and collection of cash.  Also involved in the trafficking of class A drugs was Jordan Carr, 24, who used his mum’s house on Princess Street, Ashton-under-Lyne, to organise the drugs. Jeanette Carr, 55, was ‘aware’ of what her son was doing, messages later showed. Between February 11 and March 19, Merriman was also in contact with an inmate in HMP Manchester, and went on to supply him with steroids during visits. “Remi Merriman was the leader of the conspiracy in this case and his lifestyle suggests that he profited substantially,” Ms Willaims said. “He was unemployed and was not on state benefits, but in his house was expensive décor, clothing, four Rolex watches, high calibre bikes and £1,300 in cash.” The prosecutor said there was also evidence within the messages that he had access to an encrypted phone, or ‘Encrophone’, but this was never recovered.  Merriman was said to have 12 previous convictions for 17 offences, including producing cannabis and conspiracy to commit affray. Mulligan has previous convictions for producing cannabis and conspiracy to supply heroin. Lewis Carr has previous convictions for wounding. Brereton has previous convictions for possession of drugs. Grimes was said to have 17 previous convictions for 21 offences including conspiracy to commit burglary. Cottrell was said to have previous convictions for robbery and possession of a prohibited weapon. Jordan Carr has previous convictions for criminal damage. Jeanette Carr and Matthew Lister were said to have no previous convictions.   Mitigating for Merriman, Richard Simons said his client is expecting a significant custodial sentence. He said it was one criminal enterprise working with another and suggested the supply was below wholesale level. “He is a family man with ordinarily positive attributes to the community. He wishes to continue his education as a physiotherapist,” Mr Simons said. Sentencing, Judge John Potter said: “Those who involve themselves in the trafficking of drugs can expect to receive significant sentences of imprisonment. They will do so because those of you, including most of you, that involved yourself in this will have caused very serious harm in our community.  “Harm likely caused to those who eventually take drugs, those who go out and commit unlawful acts in order to obtain drugs. Some have remarked that the availability of drugs in our community is like cancer, such as the harm it causes. “Each of you have caused such a cancer to grow.”   Merriman and Mulligan were also made the subject of Serious Crime Prevention Orders.