Although over 30 years apart, Meghan Markle and Diana, Princess of Wales both married into the Royal Family. According to Ken Wharfe, a former royal protection office for 16 years, the Royal Family found it "difficult" to deal with the popularity of both women. Speaking to Richard Eden on the latest episode of Palace Confidential, Mr Wharfe discussed how the way the monarchy dealt with Meghan was a repeat of the way Diana was handled by The Firm during the 1980s and until her tragic death in 1997. Mr Wharfe said: "I think Meghan found it rather difficult and perhaps wanted a different lifestyle, you know, from the beginning but, you know, it's very difficult. "I know Diana experienced it. "The Royal Family, from the Queen downwards, even her own husband, found dealing with her popularity very very difficult." He added: "It's a shame really, the same that I think that happened with Meghan, to a lesser extent. READ MORE: 'Notable absence' Real reason Queen silent on Meghan Markle's birthday "Had they, sort of, garnered and harnessed that popularity, it would have been better for all of them." Princess Diana married Prince Charles on July, 29 1981, just five months after becoming engaged. At the time of their wedding, Diana was just 20-years-old and Charles was 32. Meghan married Harry in May 2018.  Like Charles and Diana, their relationship progressed quickly. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Actual proof' Meghan faces court as own sister prepares for battle Both, after leaving royal life, spoke candidly in interviews about their life within The Firm. In one controversial interview, Diana admitted to feeling trapped in "the royal machine". During Meghan and Harry's two-hour interview with Oprah in 2021, Meghan said that she experienced a decline in mental health upon joining the Royal Family. Like Meghan, Diana also admitted struggling with her mental health when she was a member of the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [REPORT] 'Very painful time' Queen's mother 'left alone' to deal with loss [REVEAL] Queen warned Harry's mention of royals in book 'would be razor sharp' [INSIGHT] Royal experts have been discussing the similarities between Meghan and Diana since the former US actress was confirmed to be dating Prince Harry in 2017. The 40-year-old was reportedly inspired by Diana's humanitarian work and started following her example from a young age. According to one source, a young Meghan would sit and re-watch footage of the 1981 royal ceremony between Prince Charles and Princess Diana. READ NEXT: