Attendance Allowance is paid to millions of pensioners aged state pension age and above to help them pay for additional support. However, it is also the most underclaimed UK benefit with 3.4 million people missing out although figures show they should qualify. Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), according to Age UK. Latest figures show £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year in the UK and a huge part of this is due to unclaimed Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to people who have reached state pension age who need extra help around the home. However, this doesn’t mean they need to have a full time carer - just that they have problems washing, getting around or taking medication. READ MORE: Boris Johnson urged to ‘bring forward increases to Universal Credit' One of the things people are being encouraged to do right now is check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. While some people of state pension age wrongly believe there is a stigma to claiming benefits, others are not aware of the qualifying criteria. To claim Attendance Allowance, Britons must show they need extra help doing certain tasks and they have struggled for at least six months unless they are seriously ill. However, Attendance Allowance is not means tested so it doesn’t matter if someone is still working or has savings in the bank. DON'T MISSHomeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [WARNING]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [ALERT]Retirement age to rise past 70 - state pensioners forced back to work [WARNING]PIP: The 10 myths preventing people from claiming £627 a month [INSIGHT] Six common myths usually prevent people from applying for Attendance Allowance. These are: READ MORE: Which benefits and illnesses qualify for free NHS prescriptions?  Some pensioners say the process for claiming DWP benefits like Attendance Allowance is over complicated and puts them off applying. Experts suggest that when filling out the form, claimants should remember to clearly write about the help they need and don't. They shouldn't expect the person making the decision to know about their condition. Another simple tip is to explain if certain tasks take longer and to not be afraid to repeat information if it’s relevant.   How much is Attendance Allowance? There are two different amounts which people can receive, and it is dependent on the care that is needed and not the disability. 