Sophie Wessex, 57, and her family attended the Commonwealth Games on Monday in Birmingham. The Countess of Wessex has been a key attendee this year, as she even attended the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony last Thursday. Today she arrived with her husband Prince Edward and her children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn.  For the occasion, Sophie wore a gorgeous maxi skirt from Me + Em. The floral-print-tiered chiffon midi skirt retails for a whopping £129.50. The skirt previously retailed for £185, however it is on sale. The description on the website says: “Relaxed fit, high waist, elasticated waistband, two slip pockets at sides, tiered and frilled silhouette, contrast piping at sides, all-over floral pattern, and partially lined.” READ MORE: William 'fails badly' to hide 'intense' pride in Princess Charlotte Sophie paired this skirt with her Penelope Chilvers Agatha Sandals in Navy Leather. These feature Spanish leather on top of a lightweight PU sole. Sophie has worn these leather-lined shoes before, making them a repeat wear for the Countess. She was first seen wearing the clog sandals in 2020.   Unfortunately, the shoes are no longer in stock so it is unclear how much the items were. Sophie paired the blue and grey maxi skirt with a navy T-shirt to perfectly compliment her outfit. For accessories, Sophie wore a pair of sterling silver leaf drop earrings. The earrings appear to be from the brand Lovisa. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie made changes to diet to lose 'body fat'  Sophie also wore a brown pair of Dolce and Gabbana sunglasses for the summery day. The Countess wore a silver chain necklace with a simple blue stone. This tied together her blue outfit with lots of different shades. Sophie carried a tan brown crossbody bag for the day.  Royal fan @loveforcambridge tweeted about Sophie’s style saying: “Aw how lovely!” Lady Louise Windsor also stepped out today wearing her mum’s old Peter Pilotto printed chiffon midi dress. She paired the dress with some white plimsoll trainers. Like her mother, Louise also tied her hair in a half up, half down fashion. She also accessorised with a cute heart pendant. 