Manchester United have been heavily linked with Napoli star Victor Osimhen this summer, but he reportedly will not be allowed to leave the Serie A side on loan. The Nigerian has kickstarted the new campaign in flying form, scoring two and acting one in three league appearances. The Red Devils’ attack has been the centre of attention for plenty of this summer, with numerous transfer sagas leaving many pondering as to who Erik ten Hag would want to bring in this summer. With Cristiano Ronaldo wanting to leave and many expecting Anthony Martial to be sold, prior to his electric pre-season campaign, it appeared United would need an overhaul in the final third. And that does not appear to have been ruled out despite the two aforementioned players remaining at Old Trafford. United have recently reached an agreement to sign Antony from Ajax worth £84million, and now signing a striker appears to be being explored with time running out this summer. According to Jonathan Shrager, Napoli are not ‘willing’ to let Osimhen go to United on a loan deal this summer. The 23-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford – with Arsenal and Chelsea also linked previously. They may still entertain a permanent transfer at the right price, however. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Napoli boss Luciano Spalletti has also revealed that the player is not particularly keen on the move, with United’s lack of Champions League football cited as the reason why. He told DAZN: “Osimhen gave his response, via his agent, saying he wants to play the Champions League and he wants to play it with this squad. “He cares about his teammates, he chases down opposition players to help out and is a very strong focal point in attack. Having him at our disposal with that mentality is the best we could ask for." The news of not being able to sign Osimhen on loan could lead to United exploring a permanent transfer for the former Lille star, assuming he could be convinced to sacrifice Champions League football for a season, at least. And their pursuit of the striker could be intensified if Ronaldo is finally granted his wish to leave the club. The 37-year-old is exploring all his options to find an exit, with his agent Jorge Mendes holding talks with numerous different clubs, including Chelsea and Bayern Munich, to find potential suitors for his client. Ronaldo’s former club Sporting have also been linked with the striker, though a concrete offer is not reportedly on the table from the Portuguese club.