Tottenham almost signed Roma attacker Nicolo Zaniolo this summer before the deal was scrapped due to the Italian club’s £42million valuation of the player, according to reports. Spurs have been busy in the transfer market this summer and have started the new Premier League campaign in fine form. According to Corriere dello Sport, Roma’s sporting director Tiago Pinto came very close to closing a deal with Spurs to take Zaniolo to England. However, Roma’s Friedkin family owners pulled the plug on the transfer at the last minute. As things stand, Tottenham are unwilling to pay the fee Roma are looking for. And the 23-year-old therefore looks destined to remain in Italy this season. Jose Mourinho is keen to keep Zaniolo at the Stadio Olimpico, with suggestions that the player could now even decide to extend his current deal with the club. The Italy international, who has won nine caps for his country, moved to Roma from Inter Milan in 2018 and is contracted to his current employers until the summer of 2024 after penning fresh terms in 2019. JUST IN: Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism Zaniolo bagged eight goals and nine assists in 42 outings during Mourinho’s maiden campaign at the helm last term as he helped his side win the Europa Conference League as he netted the only goal of the game in the final against Feyenoord. And he started Roma’s opening Serie A game of this season as his team defeated Salernitana 1-0 last Sunday. Tottenham may now decide to turn their attentions to other transfer targets, despite the fact they have already welcomed seven new faces to the club this summer. Antonio Conte, who began his Spurs tenure last November, has been well backed in the transfer market and has landed Ivan Perisic, Destiny Udogie, Richarlison, Yves Bissouma, Djed Spence and Fraser Forster on permanent deals as well as bringing in Clement Lenglet on loan from Barcelona. DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesArsenal make Neto their 'priority' after lengthy Mendes talksFive players Arsenal could sign before deadline after Arteta admission  Tottenham have been tipped to challenge for the Premier League title this season in the wake of their big-money transfer dealings and got their campaign off to the perfect start earlier this month as they thumped Southampton 4-1 in north London in their opening game. They backed that result up by clinching a 2-2 draw against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge as Harry Kane came up with an equaliser deep into stoppage time at the end of the match. On Saturday, Kane bagged another goal as the Lilywhites defeated Wolves 1-0 - and the team finished the weekend in fourth place in the Premier League table. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 