Manchester United won’t be signing Memphis Depay from Barcelona before the transfer window slams shut, Express Sport understands. Talk of the Netherlands international returning to Old Trafford has gathered pace in recent days. Yet Erik ten Hag is happy with his current options and won’t be re-signing the 28-year-old, despite his availability. Barcelona only signed Depay from Lyon on a free transfer a year ago, with the Netherlands international proceeding to score 13 goals as the club finished second in the La Liga table. However, having landed the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha and Ferran Torres in the time since, the Netherlands international is now on the market. Depay was close to joining Juventus earlier in the summer but, with that deal stalling, the Old Lady have since moved to recruit Arkadiusz Milik from Marseille on loan. With that being the case, links to United have arisen. Reports in Spain have been pushing the idea that the 28-year-old could make a blockbuster return to Old Trafford, five-and-a-half years after Jose Mourinho offloaded him. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all But Express Sport understands United aren’t expecting a situation where they’ll be forced into pursuing Depay. With Antony primed to join from Ajax, the Red Devils feel they’ve got enough attacking talent at their disposal for the first half of the season at least. The links to Depay seem to stem from the uncertainty over Cristiano Ronaldo’s future, and whether or not the 37-year-old will be on the move before Thursday’s transfer deadline at 11pm. Yet Ronaldo is now expected to stay at Old Trafford, despite his desire to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football. The Portugal international has made just one start from four Premier League opportunities this season and seems to be behind Marcus Rashford when it comes to Ten Hag’s pecking order. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Rashford has started the club’s last two matches, against Liverpool and Southampton, with the Red Devils winning both. And though Depay would have been a cheap signing, amid reports Barcelona want £8million to let him go, he won’t be moving back to United in the next 24 hours. Speaking at a press conference on Friday, Ten Hag expressed a belief Antony and Martin Dubravka would be the club’s last two recruits of the window. The pair are primed to follow the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro in moving to Old Trafford. The Dutchman said: “I think so, for this window it will be the end.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. However, he also suggested United were open to strengthening their squad if the right opportunity arises. “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert,” he added. And one player who could join United before the transfer window closes is Barcelona star Sergino Dest, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax. The USA international has been deemed surplus to requirements by Barcelona, just two years after he was snapped up by Ronald Koeman. United have said Aaron Wan-Bissaka could stay but, with Dest on the market, speculation is beginning to intensify. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team The Red Devils need a top competitor for Diogo Dalot who, with Wan-Bissaka struggling to make his mark, almost gets into the side by default. And Dest would be a good option, especially given how he’s played under Ten Hag before. Xavi recently opened up on the player, saying: “We’ve talked to him and he knows his situation here.” And the Spaniard also slammed the length of the transfer window, adding: “This is not a good situation for the players who are allowed to leave, but also not for the coaches. “The transfer market should close before the competition starts. I think it is poorly organised. You can’t work quietly in the first weeks of the season.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here