After months of anticipation, Game of Thrones’ long-awaited spin-off, House of the Dragon will hit the screens this weekend. Ahead of its release, actress Emma D’Arcy lifted the lid on the connection she shared with her character Rhaenyra Targaryen. House of the Dragon with land on HBO and Sky, providing fans with a major insight into the Targaryen family. The story will take place 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones and tell the tale of the intriguing civil war. Viewers will also gain major insight into the succession of the throne and what this meant for the Targaryen heirs. Emma D’Arcy will star as Rhaenyra Targaryen, the first-born child of King Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine) and Queen Aemma Arryn (Sian Brooke). READ MORE: Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain'   Speaking on the deep connection she has with her character, Emma disclosed: “She is both female and never expects to be heir. “That’s never on the table and everything falls apart the moment that she receives the inheritance that everyone looks for.” The actress added: “She’s someone who I think is at odds with her gender as a result of the position she finds herself in." Emma told Entertainment Weekly: “I suppose I’m interested in all gender questions, you have someone whose womanhood is at odds with the role that they’ve been awarded.” READ MORE: Outlander’s Graham McTavish on Game of Thrones role he missed out on  After Rhaenyra succeeded the throne, an intense war was sparked within the family as Prince Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) was expected to be next in line. Although they both had equal claims to the throne, Rhaenyra’s succession sparked controversy as Westeros had never had a Queen as ruler. Rhaenyra was also more interested in riding dragons than ruling a kingdom, which is why Daemon was infuriated with Viserys’ choice. The King's followers were also not pleased with the thought of having a woman in charge. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones filming locations: Can you visit the sets? [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon cast: Who's who in Game of Thrones spin-off ser... [INSIGHT]  As his younger brother, Daemon expected to be the next chosen heir. Especially as Viserys’ decision to choose Rhaenyra went against his grandfather’s rule for a male-only succession. Actor Matt Smith warned fans that the power-hungry character would annoy them. He revealed: “Daemon is there to cause chaos and p**s people off because, simply, it entertains him.” READ MORE: House of the Dragon's Matt Smith on battling 'infuriating' insomnia  Speaking on his character’s other rivals, Matt added: “Daemon and Otto loathe one another.” “They’re winding each other up, needling one another and in the middle of it is Paddy, who plays Viserys. "They’re both vying for his attention and his love,” the actor explained to Empire. Thankfully for fans, the agonising wait will be over very soon as the series finally premieres this week. House of the Dragon will premiere in the US on HBO on Sunday, August 21, and then on Monday, August 22, on Sky Atlantic and NOW TV in the UK 