Many in Italy have taken to the right-winger’s unyielding and blunt style of politics with around one-in-four Italians saying they would vote for her. While her opponents and even her allies such as Matteo Salvini and Silvio Berlusconi have hesitated over their stance on various topics, Meloni has stood firm making her a stable candidate. Ms Meloni’s strong character was put on display earlier this month as she slammed Enrico Letta, the leader of the centre-left Democratic Party, following his criticism of her sharing a video of a woman being raped in Italy by a migrant from Guinea. Meloni hit back telling Letta on Facebook: “The security of our cities is out of control in part because of the surreal migration policies you have carried out in recent years.” It is thought Meloni will lead a hard-right coalition, made up of Salvini’s Lega, Berlusconi’s Forza Italia and her own party Brothers of Italy.  On August 23, Meloni told an audience at her first campaign rally in Ancona: “This nation needs a government of people who are free, who don’t have a master, who are not blackmailable, who cannot be bought. “I can lead a government like that.” Support has grown for Meloni with her principled decisions, including fighting for more military aid to go to Ukraine. Brothers of Italy also carries some hardline stances, including on blockading the nation's borders. READ MORE: Sunak's policy failure EXPOSED: Truss beats rival on all fronts According to recent opinion polls, Brothers of Italy is the nation's largest party, with 25 percent of the vote and her coalition could win approximately 46 percent. The party which wins the most votes will choose Italy’s next Prime Minister and Meloni is currently 11 percentage points ahead of Lega. Brothers of Italy's leader has previously described the European Union as a “failure” and has long been considered a Eurosceptic. DON'T MISS: Brexit live: EU in HUGE bust-up as Germany blocks Ukraine training (LIVE)Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview (REVEAL)Certain amount of daily exercise could add two years to your life (INSIGHT) Despite such a label and her sympathy for Brexit supporters in Britain, Ms Meloni has fallen short of calling for Italy or even the UK to quit the EU. Meloni underlined her support for the UK as an ally while discussing Brexit in a tweet in 2016. On polling day, she said: “I agree with the reasons of those who want to leave, but as an Italian, I hope that the United Kingdom does not leave the European Union.”