During the latest instalment of Channel 4’s Sunday Brunch, hosts Miquita Oliver and Tim Lovejoy welcomed a series of stars onto the show.  Although when Bonnie Chung served up some meat-free dishes, viewers were less than impressed. Introducing the chef to the show, host Miquita highlighted that Bonnie would be doing a vegan barbeque. Agreeing, Bonnie told The Sunday Brunch host that because it had been a warm summer, she wanted to make dishes people could enjoy together. She said: “I always find that barbeques are always about the meat. “So, I really wanted to come up with some dishes that were really vegan-friendly and interesting.   The chef told viewers that she wanted to make dishes that weren’t just roasted vegetables. Speaking about the dishes she was about to make, they said they were: “Full of flavour and feels just as special as the meat dish.” It was then time for Bonnie to start cooking for the celebrity guests on the show, Aston Merrygold, Kerry Howard and Dave Gorman. Bonnie revealed she was making Watermelon Sashimi, Cola Tofu Skewers and Tacos with miso and harissa pulled jackfruit.   Although the dishes were well received by those in the studio, viewers didn't seem to be blown away by the meat-free items. DJiJamiee said: “Sorry, but watermelon is disgusting #SundayBrunch” Stevieweevey commented: “#sundaybrunch roasted watermelon, count me out, good old cheeseburger.” (sic) Jinkies added: “So it’s roasted watermelon, NOT ‘vegan sushi’!” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [REACTION]BBC Breakfast viewers distracted by host's appearance after return [VIDEO]Oti Mabuse horrifies Big Breakfast viewers with 'disgusting' habit [INSIGHT]  Sue said: “Those tacos is a no from me #sundaybrunch." (sic) With Stuart McKinnon commenting: “It's especially bad today, must be because it's Bank Holiday. Or cos' they are grilling watermelon. #SundayBrunch." (sic) However, not everyone disliked the dish as Brian joked: "What about leftovers for moi!??" (Sic) Elsewhere in the show, the two hosts spoke to former JLS member Aston Merrygold who touched on his time playing Willard in the hit musical Footloose, which was on tour earlier this summer.   As a dancer himself, he revealed that playing a character who is supposed to be bad at the start of the show was difficult. Aston said: "My note from the director, I think a few times from rehearsals was, ‘Great, but you need to be really bad’." Miquita went on to reply: “It’s absolutely changing what one would have known or been teaching themselves for over 30 years. “It is like, 'Find the beat' and then, 'No don’t find it'. I think it would be harder to be bad than it is to get good! The former band member agreed as he revealed he’d always ask if his performances were good at the start when they weren’t supposed to be. Sunday Brunch continues weekly on Channel 4 from 9:30am   