I do not suppose the communist Jessica and the fascist Unity Mitford, would have welcomed being associated with each other’s politics just because they were sisters. Yet Prince Charles is embroiled in yet another row because his charities accepted a gift from the half brothers of Osama bin Laden. The charity did due diligence and there is no suggestion that either donor has ever been involved in terrorism but the name apparently is sufficient for the brothers to be judged unworthy of giving to charity. Never mind that the Bin Laden family disowned Osama in 1994 and this gift was received in 2013, two years after his death. Never mind that they live in Saudi Arabia rather than skulking in caves at Tora Bora. They are called Bin Laden and that for the drama-hungry media is enough. Ironically the tabloid newspaper which splashed the story on its front page then devoted a double page spread inside to how various relations of Ghislaine had “escaped the curse of the Maxwells” by living mundane lives. Would their charitable donations be questioned? I am reminded of the late Mother Teresa who, when criticised for accepting gifts from some donors of questionable reputation, replied that if they had made their money in dubious ways the more reason to rejoice if it ended up relieving the world’s poorest instead of swelling the coffers of the rich. Yet, despite all that, it is time now for Charles to give up his charities and let them flourish under new leadership. It cannot be that long before he is king and no monarch should ever get involved in receiving financial donations. He must now distance himself from his most beloved causes. MPs have recently suggested that all new migrants who put their lives at risk trying to cross the Channel, despite being in a safe country, should be asked why they have come here and the answers collected and analysed. What will the migrants say? Whatever the traffickers coach them to say. D’oh! Oh, dear. My impression of Liz Truss has nosedived. She says she wants a 20 percent reduction in crime and then that she wants to criminalise wolf-whistling. How does putting extra burdens on the police lead to a reduction in crime? Or does she want a 20 percent reduction in wolf-whistling? This silly, woke nonsense won’t make women any safer. A man following a woman through the streets shouting crude comments is a menace to women but that is already covered by existing law. A good-natured whistle from a building site is very different. Rishi, by contrast, talks about protecting freedom of speech by law, taking action against digital witch-hunts and protecting women from men being allowed in changing rooms. So which do I prefer? To live in a country with high taxes but freedom of speech or a country with low taxes, no-platforming and a nanny police state? I prefer freedom. Liz Truss, says any pupil getting straight As at A level will have the automatic right to an interview at Oxbridge. With the current level of grade inflation, that should keep the dons busy. The admissions tutor of a Cambridge college once told me that for one course there were 44 applicants for eight places and all had four straight As. So dons looked at their GCSE results with a view to eliminating anyone with fewer than 10 A stars. That reduced the list from 44 to 42. The closure of the Tavistock Clinic, where children’s welfare appeared to play second fiddle to ideology, is welcome but long overdue. However, children will not be really safe until the fanatical pursuit of the extreme trans agenda is halted. No child should be taught in school that he or she can choose a gender and the farcical pronoun badges should be laughed into oblivion. Last Thursday viewers of the Dan Wootton show on GB News narrowly missed the hilarious sight of my doing an interview while dodging a bat. The creature flew into my study just minutes before I was due on air. Fortunately, I got it out of the room in time but, emerging later, could not find it. The way to eject a bat is to confine it to a room and leave the lights off and the window open, so that it feels the slipstream and flies out. Thus I left the front door open for two hours while I shut myself away to watch TV. It worked, but only in the depths of the country could one leave one’s front door wide open late at night without keeping an eye on it. Congratulations to the Lionesses both for bringing it home and for the inspirational example in women’s sport but, oh, spare me the saturation coverage! The night before the big match I was trying to find a news bulletin. BBC News was broadcasting a live press conference with the team, so was BBC Parliament, so was Sky. Only Al Jazeera seemed to think anything else important. When I finally found the normal news on ITV, the first half of it was about the Lionesses and then the newscaster said “and now for the other news.” The “other” news included developments in Ukraine and the arrest of a man on suspicion of stabbing a nine-year-old girl. It reminded me why I fled up the Mekong during the 2012 Olympics.