For hundreds of miles, the toll of months of blazing sunshine can be seen on arid land known for centuries as prime farming country. The Weald, an area of South East England straddling the counties of Hampshire, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, usually attracts millions to marvel at its lush landscape. But the 2022 heatwave has reduced it to scorched earth and with it seen water reserves wilt away. Few places typify the crisis quite like Ardingly Reservoir, the gigantic water pool in West Sussex built in 1978 to satisfy demand for booming population growth. It can hold 4,773 million litres of water. But as owner South East Water slapped a hosepipe ban on 2.2 million people, it epitomised the emergency as it fast runs dry. So scarce is the supply a Daily Express reporting team was able to walk for miles on its lunar-like landscape and at one point was some 100ft into the reservoir from its singed banks. Britain - a mass of land surrounded by water on all sides - can usually be relied on for rain, especially in summer. But the precious commodity is now so scarce, and demand so high, officials are panicked. South East Water has tried to downplay the crisis, describing supply as “stressed”, but tellingly the ban is indefinite and snoopers have been urged to contact the authorities to snitch about non-compliance. The reality is more than two-thirds of reservoirs in England saw their stock plummet by more than 10 per cent between the desiccated months of June and July. Ardingly saw one of the largest decreases last month at 21 percent. The reservoir is currently at 40 percent capacity after months of below-average rainfall and the driest year since 1976. South East Water supplies 520 million litres of water every day from more than 250 boreholes, six rivers, and six reservoirs, including Ardingly. Every one of its customers in Kent and Sussex will be affected by the ban, except those on a priority service register. What will frustrate many is not the weather, but inability to stop haemorrhaging water. South East Water says it has “ambitious plans” to invest £7 million to halve the amount of leakage - defined as the amount of water lost from pipes across its network - by 2050 to 44 million litres a day. It means, by its own calculation, the company formed in 2007 and jointly owned by Vantage Infrastructure and the Utilities Trust of Australia, is currently losing 88 million litres every day, a figure equal to 35 Olympic swimming pools. The ban forbids the use of hosepipes connected to a mains supply, including garden sprinklers. Breaking the diktat could result in a fine of up to £1,000 - and people are being encouraged to grass on neighbours and those knowingly flouting the ban. Hosepipe bans have a negligible effect on water preservation, reducing demand by about 5 percent. While using a hose to water gardens, plants, wash cars or fill paddling pools is now outlawed, no such rule prevents homeowners from filling the same volume of water into a bucket or other receptacle to perform the same tasks. Similarly, it is almost impossible to monitor indoor use. So while external implements attached to mains supplies are banned, greater volumes can still be used legally by taking a lengthy shower or running a deep-filled bath. Lee Dance, the company’s head of water resources, said: “The actions we are taking are in line with our drought management plan. This plan sets out pre-defined and agreed trigger points that we continue to monitor and track, and actions will be taken when different trigger points occur." “We have now triggered Level 2 (moderate drought) conditions across our reservoirs, groundwater and demand. As such, and in accordance with our drought plan, we have implemented a temporary usage ban.” July was the driest in England for more than 100 years and some areas have faced their driest summer on record. The hosepipe ban comes days after Southern Water announced the first restrictions of the year for those in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight. The period since November (2021) has been the driest eight-month stint since 1976 - the year of the fabled Great Drought. Millions now face the prospect of water restrictions for months after the first drought since 2018 was declared. In the South East, July produced just 8 percent of average rainfall for the month. The bad news is the forecast for this month and next is similarly hot, raising the spectre of rationing. South East Water said: “The demand for water this summer has broken all previous records, including the Covid lockdown heatwave." “We have been producing an additional 120 million litres of water a day to supply our customers, which is the equivalent of supplying a further four towns the size of Maidstone or Eastbourne, daily.”