Taking to the online forum, Mumsnet, the mother explained what happened. In her post, she said that she was minding her own business in the supermarket when the man came up to her and made the comment, which she deemed as totally unnecessary. According to the Mirror, the post said: "So I honestly don’t know if I was a bit too touchy about this and should’ve just smiled and moved on, but a random man leaned into my face and said 'he looks like he’s smoking a cigarette, look how he’s holding that crisp'. "It completely rubbed me up the wrong way and I said 'thanks for that random man in the supermarket, that’s exactly the kind of comment a mum on her own in the supermarket needs to hear'. He responded 'don’t be stupid it was only a joke’. "To which I said 'you don’t know what might be on someone’s mind when you make comments like that' and he tutted and said 'really it’s a joke, so ridiculous' and walked off."I felt so uncomfortable, people were staring and I thought maybe that was a step too far and I should’ve just let it go.  "I lost two parents to cancer and one of the anniversaries is in two days. Today is the anniversary of me getting the call out of the blue at work that said 'it’s cancer and he’s dying so get down here (300 miles away)' when my dad had just felt unwell on holiday and gone to the walk-in. So maybe I’m too touchy. "So, was I unreasonable, or was this random man really in need of my response?" People were sympathetic towards the woman saying the man didn't need to make such an unnecessary comment about her baby. One said: "He deserved your response. It was a stupid thing to say about a baby or any child. He’s an idiot! Sorry for your loss."  Another wrote: "Sorry for your loss. I think I personally would’ve ignored that comment but I don’t have the same experiences as you do." One said he didn't mean it in an offensive way, writing: "I’m so sorry for your loss, but the random man was making a stupid joke. Your response was a trauma reaction. Totally understandable from your point of view, but also totally understandable from his that he was miffed at your reaction. He probably meant to be lighthearted and funny." Others agreed with the woman's reaction, and one wrote: "I would not have ignored that comment no matter what kind of day I'm having. Why random men feel the need to comment 'joke' about others is unbelievable. Would he have said the same thing to baby's dad?" 