During Thursday night's The Clash on GB News, Dan Wootton welcomed a number of guests onto the show to share their opinions on whether the BBC licence fee should be scrapped for good. Dan has always been vocal about getting rid of the licence fee, however, during the debate, the host clashed with Martin when he called out GB News for being an "opinion channel". Dan began: "Martin Bell, can you accept that the BBC that we just played in that compilation of clips is not the same BBC that you worked for?" "The BBC changes and it evolves," Martin replied before adding: "I have risked my life for these people over 12 years in 12 different warzones. "And I think they are universally admired, maybe not within the walls of GB News. "But they are held to the standard that others hold them to. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history "I am immensely proud of it now as ever, I know I am in a minority of one to three, but I think we have a lot to be proud of and a lot to hold on to." "No one has taken away the brilliant work that our war correspondents like you have done to the corporation risking your life," Dan replied as he turned to former soldier Phil Campion. Phil went question why he should pay the licence fee, branding it a "sham". He pointed out that there were so many people who couldn't afford to eat or heat their homes. "I just paid my licence fee," Martin replied. "It [the BBC] is universally admired, it does something that nobody else does, it actually gathers the news." "ITV gathers the news...Sky News, you are just an opinion channel," he raged as he got closer to the camera. "You clearly have a partisan interest in bringing the BBC down, it is a national asset." Stepping into defend GB News, Dan said: "I am an opinion host, I am an opinion columnist, I am a journalist though, I've broken huge stories. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Another double pregnancy rocks the village [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little refused to watch BBC series [INSIGHT]TalkTV viewers slam Kate McCann's 'car crash' Rebekah Vardy interview [REACTION] "I hold my hands up, the viewers know what I think, they know where I come from and we sign up to all the Ofcom rules because as you'll see at every debate that we have on the show and every superstar panel, we have a range of views across the political spectrum." Firing back at his guest, Dan continued: "What I will say to you is, aren't the BBC completely disingenuous by pretending that their presenters don't have views? "We know they have views, we can see it. What about Emily Maitlis and her rants against Dominic Cummings and the Conservative government that saw her pulled up on Newsnight?" He later went on to rage: "Yes, I have an opinion, but you cannot tell me the BBC correspondents and presenters these days don't have opinions because they are thinly veiled." "If I want to know what's going on inside your head, I will tune into you on GB News," Martin hit back. "If I want to know what's going on in Ukraine, or Taiwan, you've got no news gathering. "Therefore, you need mainstream organisations like the BBC, don't you?" Dan was quick to disagree with Martin, adding: "I do not think we need BBC and we do have a news gathering operation here at GB News." Dan Wootton Tonight airs weekdays at 9pm on GB News.