Douglas Henshall is longing to see his family, but he is miles away from them as he films Netflix thriller Palamino in Barcelona. Fans of the Shetland star were devastated to see his lead character, Jimmy Perez, leave the show, with some claiming that watching him play his role each week had saved their lives. It seems Douglas shares their regrets, not least because he is now further away from his Glasgow-based wife and daughter than ever before. Talking of his six year old daughter Anja Grace, the wistful star admitted: "I miss her. "The love that you have for your children is kind of molecular," he added. "They are in every cell of your body." READ NOW: Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini as she gives fans an eyeful At the time of the new candid interview with Douglas, his wife had been with Anja Grace on holiday in her native Croatia. Fortunately he had been keeping up communication with them - and chuckling over photos of his daughter attempting to swim. "My wife keeps sending videos of [her] diving into a pool and wearing these big goggles," he explained to the Radio Times. "She insists on having her head under the water, which seems slightly counterintuitive, but then that’s my daughter.” Douglas instantly loved the familiarity of being back in Glasgow, despite a long absence. "People were wandering past saying, ‘Hi Dougie, how are you?’" he recalled. "It reminded me how much I loved Glasgow as a city." After his filming stint, Douglas ended up relocating there with his wife and daughter, where they have been for the past three years.  Sadly, there is little chance of the trio spending extended time there together anytime soon. While his family will visit him briefly in Barcelona, he is then heading to London to rehearse for a new role in the Rona Munro play Mary. It will open at Hampstead Theatre in October, and will uncover the political subterfuge surrounding Mary, Queen of Scots. Meanwhile, he harbours fantasies about taking his daughter for an overnight stay at the Sumburgh lighthouse to experience rugged Shetland nature in the raw, declaring that it's "the best place to be". Chances to see Douglas there aren't over yet, as the seventh series of Shetland will begin on August 10 at 9pm on BBC One.