Chelsea are set to receive a late transfer boost following reports that the Blues are in talks with West Ham over the £13million sale of Emerson. The Brazilian outcast spent last season on loan at Lyon but now appears to be edging closer towards a permanent exit from Stamford Bridge. The west Londoners have experienced an action-packed window of transfer activity this summer, which has seen them bring in the likes of Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cucurella and Carney Chukwuemeka. Both Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku have been offloaded while the Blues also lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen upon the expiry of their respective contracts. Various other players deemed surplus to requirements have been moved on in the current window and it appears another is about to follow suit. Italian left-back Emerson is understood to be on the verge of heading to West Ham. According to Sky Sports, the Hammers are locked in talks with the Blues over the 28-year-old defender, with discussions continuing over a £13m deal. The full-back spent last season on loan with Lyon having struggled to break into Chelsea's first team since joining from Roma back in 2018. Emerson has amassed a mere 33 appearances over the years since, with Marcus Alonso and Ben Chilwell having limited his minutes on the left of defence. READ MORE: PSG 'have Mbappe plan' for Rashford which may have big impact on Messi Should Emerson complete his intended move to West Ham, the left-back will likely become the sixth new face at the east London club this summer. David Moyes has already added Gianluca Scamacca and Nayef Aguerd to his ranks in deals each in the region of £32m, while Flynn Downes has joined from Swansea and Alphonse Areola has seen his loan from Paris Saint-Germain made permanent. West Ham are also understood to be on the verge of completing a deal for PSG defender Thilo Kehrer. The Hammers are thought to be in advanced talks with the Ligue 1 giants over a £10m plus add-ons deal for the German international who has entered the final year of his contract. DON’T MISSWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongEverton keen on three Chelsea stars as Tuchel closes in on GordonChelsea target Gordon comments on James post amid transfer interest Addressing his Chelsea future back in June, Emerson told Goal he was yet to speak with Blues boss Tuchel, but would be happy to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge. He admitted: "I didn’t speak with [Tuchel] just yet. "I have a contract with Chelsea. I played there for three seasons and I have a lot of friends there. If I come back, I’ll be happy. It’s a good place and club for me. Let’s see what can happen.” 