In a new bombshell interview with The Cut, Meghan claimed that her marriage had been compared to the release of Nelson Mandela, and that people view her as a "real life Princess". However, she refused to discuss her exit from the Royal Family. Allison P. Davis, the author of The Cut article, stated in the piece that when she asked Meghan about her and Prince Harry's decision to step down from royal duties, the Duchess explained she had already covered this in their infamous Oprah interview. Ms Davis said: "But she already covered all of this in the interview for Oprah, she reminds me with a firm smile and a wave of her hand that signals it is time to move on."  In March 2021, Meghan and Harry sat down with Oprah Winfrey, to address the rumours surrounding their exit from the Royal Family. In the TV interview, which attracted 17 million viewers, Meghan accused an unnamed member of the Royal Family of discussing how dark her son Archie's skin would be before he was born. She added that she had had suicidal thoughts due to the pressures of Royal life. She said: "Look, I was really ashamed to say it at the time and ashamed to have to admit it to Harry especially, because I know how much loss he has suffered, but I knew that if I didn't say it, then I would do it. "I just didn't want to be alive anymore." READ MORE ON OUR ROYAL LIVE BLOG: Royal Family LIVE: 'Arrogant' Meghan 'one of most destructive' royals Meghan and Harry chose to step down from senior royal duties in 2020, two years after Meghan married into the Royal Family. Their exit from the Firm was dubbed "Megxit" by the press. However, Prince Harry has criticised the term for being misogynistic. The Sussexes relocated to North America and have now settled down in Montecito, California, with their two children Archie and Lilibet.  After stepping down from royal duties, Harry and Meghan lost their HRH titles, however, they kept the Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles they were given when they married. They also no longer make appearances on behalf of the Queen and are no longer financially supported by the crown (although Prince Charles did provide some financial assistance for the first year). Meghan and Harry have delved into the entertainment industry as a means of making their own money and have signed lucrative deals with streaming giants Spotify and Netflix. The first two episodes of Archetypes, the Duchess's new podcast, which aims to explore the labels that hold women back, have been released on Spotify in the past few weeks.  DON'T MISS: Meghan's warned 'farcical' claims 'further and further damaging' brand [REACTION]Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's private staff could speak out against her [REVEAL] In the first episode, Meghan hinted that the Royal Family did not like her having ambition. She said: “I don’t remember personally feeling the negative connotation behind the word ambitious until I started dating my now husband, and apparently, ambition is a terrible, terrible thing. For women.” Prince Harry is also set to release a bombshell memoir at the end of this year and there are fears that the book could increase tensions between the Sussexes and the Royal Family. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org. 