Investigating Diana: Death in Paris follows the police investigation in the aftermath of the crash, 25 years after the fatal incident in Paris. The Princess of Wales died in a car crash on August 31, 1997 alongside her partner Dodi Al-Fayed and driver Henri Paul. The documentary explores claims around the "Mishcon note", an infamous note written by Diana's legal advisor Victor Mishcon in 1995. The note is reportedly an account of what the Princess said during a meeting with Mr Mishcon and her private secretary.During the meeting Diana reportedly said she had heard from a source that efforts would be made to "get rid of her" by April 1996, adding that it would allegedly be via a car accident. However, the Daily Mail claims the note was not handed over to French authorities until six years later. It also claims her sons, Prince William and Prince Harry were unaware of the note for a long time. Former Metropolitan Police commissioner John Stevens, who led the inquiry told the Daily Beast the note was handed to his predecessor and put in a safe. “I was only made aware of that when I was made commissioner myself… and I had been made aware that Lord Mishcon had said he hadn’t actually attached much importance to it. “However, when the coroner announced his inquest, I made sure that letter was immediately given to the royal coroner, who at that time was Michael Burgess and then subsequently became Lord Justice Scott Baker.” He said he interviewed Mischon on "three occasions and took further statements on that letter" adding that it caused him "great concern". Diana died from her injuries sustained during the car crash but French authorities found that Henri Paul's blood indicated he exceeded the legal blood-alcohol limit. The Royal's car, also being chased by paparazzi, then hit a pillar in the winding Pont de L'Alma tunnel. READ MORE: Prince William braced for huge bombshell as Harry to make 'shock drop' on Royal Family Mr Stevens concluded his investigation with "100 percent" certainty that no conspiracy was made to "get rid" of Diana. Evidence gathered over two years by Operation Paget was accepted by the public inquiry into Diana's death. It concluded she died as a result of a tragic accident.