Mick Schumacher has been told he has proven himself in Formula 1 and deserves better than Haas going forwards by former driver Hans-Joachim Stuck. Schumacher has enjoyed a season of ups and downs in 2022, and there are suggestions he could be without a drive for 2023 if he looks to join a rival team and move up the grid. Schumacher suffered a number of disappointing crashes before scoring his first F1 points at the British Grand Prix. Before he put in his impressive performance at Silverstone, the German suffered crashes in Saudi Arabia and Monaco that undoubtedly cost Haas millions to repair. Silly season - the time of year when drivers make deals to secure their immediate futures amid plenty of rumours - has been particularly wild this season, with Alpine at the centre of it as highly-rated Australian star Oscar Piastri refused to sign with the team despite their assumptions. Meanwhile, Alpine lost two-time world champion Fernando Alonso to Aston Martin. With only nine races remaining before the end of the season, Schumacher is still looking for a seat after he missed out on Aston Martin with Alonso replacing Sebastian Vettel. With the four-time world champion set to retire, Schumacher will be the only German on the grid - if he has a seat. Many talented drivers are hoping to claim a place on the grid for 2023, so there are doubts over whether Schumacher will race at all next year. According to RacingNews365.com, contract talks between the 23-year-old and Haas are yet to begin. READ MORE: Schumacher could lose F1 seat as Haas admits contract uncertainty Haas team principal Guenther Steiner and Schumacher are at odds after a tense season following a number of errors, but the German has improved over the last few races. Compatriot Stuck believes Schumacher operates at a higher level than his current team. “He has proven his skills this season,” Stuck, who raced in F1 between 1974 and 1979, told Eurosport. “He belongs in a car that’s better than the Haas. If it doesn’t work out with another team for any reason, he just has to do it with Haas for another year. “But if Mick can’t find another cockpit, I wouldn’t understand Haas putting on a circus there. Because they won’t get any better.” The 71-year-old suggested the idea of Schumacher sitting out a year before attempting a comeback would be a nightmare scenario for the German after he has finally built some momentum. He added: “Before he gets a cockpit in Formula 1, he is in good hands with Haas. “He has to stick with it, show himself, and set an example, as he has already done this year. But not racing in Formula 1 for a year would be deadly. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton becomes Denver Broncos co-owner after £3.85bn takeoverMcLaren's fee to sack Daniel Ricciardo leaves Brown 'uncomfortable'Lewis Hamilton drops new Mercedes contract hint as he copies Alonso “I would be very surprised if Schumacher didn’t find a job anywhere. He shows impeccable performances, the people in charge can see that. He also has a great name. A team looking for a young driver can do no better than sign a Mick Schumacher.” Schumacher has links to Ferrari, and Steiner admitted any contract talks would be decided along with the Italian giants. Haas are not obliged to sign a Ferrari-backed driver for 2023 to pair alongside Kevin Magnussen. While Haas weigh up their options, Schumacher recently commented he is ‘ready’ for a move to Ferrari - but it is difficult to see how he would fit or improve their current line-up, given the duo of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz is considered particularly strong. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 28 after the four-week summer break.