Reports in Spain claim Manchester United currently have emissaries in Madrid with 'different options open' - one being Real Madrid midfielder Casemiro. It's claimed the Red Devils are beginning to eye a shock swoop for the Brazilian anchorman, who would bring some much-needed bite to United's spineless midfield.  United were bullied for 90 minutes in their shameful 4-0 drubbing at Brentford on Saturday, once again increasing the desire for additional reinforcements. To date, United have made three new additions in the form of Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez - all of which have failed to hit the ground running. Now the club are beginning to get desperate in fear they could fall even further behind the rest of the Big Six and according to Marca, Casemiro is one of the names of serious interest to United. Real Madrid are yet to receive an offer for the Brazil international, though, and they are unlikely to agree to a sale regardless. READ MORE: Crystal Palace star Joachim Andersen receives death threats after Darwin Nunez headbutt Casemiro remains a key part of Carlo Ancelotti's side after helping Los Blancos clean up La Liga, the Champions League and European Super Cup in a matter of months. Aurelien Tchouameni made his La Liga debut in the opening day 2-1 victory over Almeria but Casemiro remains Ancelotti's go-to guy in defensive midfield alongside playmaker Luka Madrid. United have spent the best part of 14 weeks trying to entice Frenkie de Jong into a move to Old Trafford but to no avail. Despite agreeing a fee with Barcelona the deal is thought to be dead in the water with reports in Holland claiming their offer has 'expired'. READ MORETaylor's Transfers: Everton deal rests on video footage, Arsenal exit, three West Ham bidsMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Nonetheless, Erik ten Hag is still thought to be determined to land his former Ajax player with his future at Barcelona up in the air. Other targets have been loosely explored including Napoli's Fabian Ruiz, who is increasingly close to joining Paris Saint-Germain. Youri Tielemans and Ruben Neves are two other names that continue to be mentioned but United are yet to show any signs of firming up their interest. United have agreed a £15m deal with Juventus for Adrien Rabiot but the transfer has not yet been completed. Football director John Murtough has been in direct talks with Rabiot's mother and agent Veronique to discuss personal terms in the past few days. There's a growing feeling that the deal will get done but still, United will feel they need more additions in order to get their season on track. Brazilian forward Matheus Cunha of Atletico Madrid is also of interest amid talk a £42m deal is close. United have been in contact with his representatives but they are yet to firm up their interest with an offer.