The Belgian politician is campaigning to overturn the outcome of the 2016 vote as he continues to fight the UK's freedom from Brussels, two years after Britain left the bloc. He said on social media: "Polls show British voters regret Brexit and want a European future. "Yet no opposition party dare represent them and the next Tory Government will be the most eurosceptic yet. "Britain needs a pro-European renaissance." Mr Verhofstadt made his remarks despite polling showing very little movement on voters' views on Brexit. While the UK voted to leave the EU by 52 percent to 48 in 2016, the number of people who now believed leaving was a mistake has crept up to 53 percent. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  Mr Verhofstadt's intervention came as he promoted a new campaign being launched in the UK to rejoin the EU. Next month, Rejoiners are planning to take to the streets in London to demand the democratic outcome from the 2016 referendum be overturned. Campaigners will meet in Hyde Park at midday before marching to Parliament. "The National Rejoin March aims to bring pro-Europeans together to say that we want the UK to rejoin the European Union," the group says on its website. "The march aims to be family friendly, welcoming and positive. The National Rejoin March is for us all. "There are multiple ways that we can 'Get Rejoin Done' and it will be great to hear them at the march." DON'T MISS:Sunak pledges to ‘stop illegal migration’ with Rwanda policy [ANALYSIS]Sunak vows to snub EU blackmail and launch £15bn ‘better alternative' [INSIGHT]Curtice issues Brexit warning as support for EU surges in Scotland [UPDATE]  Mr Verhofstadt was the leader of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe from 2009 to 2019 and one of the most vocal critics of Brexit prior to the UK's departure. In his role as chairman of the Brexit Steering Group of Members of the European Parliament he regularly attacked the UK Government for its push to leave the bloc. Instead, he has argued it is time for greater integration between EU nations and wants to give Brussels complete overarching control of member states. Earlier this year Mr Verhofstadt said he was sure there would be greater integration between the UK and EU in the future.  "I'm still continuing to think that in a world, as we see it today, with the aggression of Russia, would have been stronger today if the UK was part of the EU - that I'm pretty sure," he told LBC radio. "Brexit was a loss for everybody, for Britain and also for the European Union. "We never know what will happen, Nick, in the future." He continued: "There will be, in my opinion, a generation of young politicians in the UK who will say oh look - let's work together, let's enter in the European Union and let's change the European Union for the better." 