Death in Paradise favourite DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) is leading the cast of the all-star spin-off, Beyond Paradise. The BBC series will track what happened to the detective once he left the team in Saint Marie five years ago, with actress Sally Bretton returning as his love interest, Martha Lloyd. Fans of the show already know the drama will be based in the UK but a whole array of British talent is going to be featuring in the six-part first season. It has been announced filming has already begun on the spin-off this week, with three stars of the small screen getting pivotal roles in the series. This includes actress Zahra Ahmadi, who will be playing DS Esther Williams, a colleague of Humphrey and Martha who is helping them crack cases. Viewers might remember Zahra from her roles in The Bay, Tracy Ullman's Show and EastEnders when she played the character of Shabnam Masood. When the daughter of the Masood family left the Square the first time around, she was subsequently recast when she was reintroduced a few years later. Zahra used this as a platform to launch her career as she has also gone on to star in other shows such as Doctors, Doctor Who, Black Mirror, and Marcella. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne She also featured in an episode of Death in Paradise following Kris Marshall's exit and she played a character called Daisy Anderson. Viewers will be expected to suspend their belief in reality as Zahra plays a completely different person in the spin-off. Not much is known about this new character but bosses have promised further details ahead of the first episode of Beyond Paradise. Also joining the cast is actor Dylan Llewellyn, who will play a member of the force as the character of PC Kelby Hartford. The young actor is best known for his role as James Maguire in Derry Girls and for playing the lead role in Channel 4 drama, Big Boys. This will be the first time the actor is making an appearance in any version of the Death in Paradise brand and the details about his character are also being kept under wraps. Following the end of Derry Girls earlier this year, this will be the second small-screen role Dylan has taken on in 2022. The actor might also be known to viewers from his roles in Hollyoaks where he played Jono Johnson and Call The Midwife. Finally, the third new cast announcement is the introduction of actress Felicity Montagu into the world of the spin-off series. Felicity will be taking on the role of Margo Martins, who is an office support civilian working with Humphrey and the team. DON'T MISS...Death In Paradise star Ralf Little, discovers football hero ancestor [COMMENT]Josephine Jobert says co-star 'wouldn't look at her' on her last day [COMMENT]Death in Paradise star Josephine Jobert's warning amid spoiler [COMMENT] The actress will be known to viewers for her roles on the small screen and for playing characters in huge motion pictures. Over the years, she has been featured in television shows such as Doc Martin, I'm Alan Partridge, Nighty Night and The Queen's Sister. In 2020, she was also featured as a contestant in the Celebrity MasterChef kitchen. Whereas her roles on the big screen have seen her feature in films such as Bridget Jones, Confetti, I Want Candy and Dad's Army. It is yet to be seen what her character will get up to and whether she will be a help or a hindrance to the detective. With filming having begun this week on the spin-off series, it is likely the episodes will air at some point next year. Discussing bringing his character back to life, former My Family star Kris said: "I had the best time playing Humphrey out in Guadeloupe. "And whilst I was delighted that he got his happy ending with Martha, I always wanted to know what happened next. "So it’s a joy to be putting his crumpled jacket back on and seeing how life has panned out for him back in the UK. "Working with Sally is a dream, and I can’t wait to continue Humphrey and Martha’s story and solve a few seemingly impossible mysteries along the way.” Executive producer, Tim Key, said: "We always knew there were more Humphrey Goodman tales to be told and with the brilliant Tony Jordan leading the writing team. "Bringing all the Death in Paradise spirit, humour and joy to this brand new, original series, we can’t wait to get started. "While Humphrey is used to contending with fiendishly clever puzzles, the biggest challenge of all is navigating his private life and finding out what happens beyond the ‘happy ever after’. "We’re delighted to be working with Kris and Sally again and creating a little bit of Paradise in the UK." More details about the first season will be released in due course. Death in Paradise seasons 1-11 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.