Scotland Yard was called at about 7.45pm today to reports of a firearm discharged in Albion Drive, Hackney. Police officers and paramedics found the man suffering a gunshot injury. He has been taken to hospital for treatment. His condition has yet to be confirmed.   A crime scene is in place near the London Fields area. A police cordon has also been raised in the area around Shrubland Road and Lansdowne Drive. The Met told MyLondon there have been no arrests but enquiries into the circumstances are ongoing. A section 60 stop and search order was authorised for the whole borough of Hackney lasting from 8.20pm tonight until 1.20pm tomorrow (August 3). A person took to Twitter to share pictures from the scene, commenting: "Huge [Metropolitan Police Service] Hackney deployment off [London Fields]: acres of tape, dogs on site..."   News of the shooting comes after two teenage girls were injured in a shooting outside a family gathering to mark the anniversary of a pensioner's death. Greater Manchester Police (GMP) has appealed for the public's help to track down those responsible for the attack in the Moss Side area of the city on Friday at about 10.30pm. The police originally reported a 16-year-old girl was injured in the shooting, but the force said today a second girl aged 13 was also hurt. Detective Superintendent Chris Downey said: "There was a gathering at an address where family were coming together to celebrate a loved one who passed away. "Unfortunately there was a vehicle in the area that seemed to have a number of males on board. It's a black or dark-coloured SUV that has been seen going around and around the address for some time."   DS Downey added: "From within this vehicle a firearm was produced and discharged at a group of people outside this address. Thankfully we didn't have any murders or very serious injuries but we did have two young victims. "Two young girls, 16 and 13, were involved in this incident and were hit by pellets from the shot. I'm sure everyone can imagine how concerning this is and from my point of view I think we're incredibly lucky that we didn't have two murders on that evening." Police were made aware two days after the incident that the 13-year-old had suffered minor injuries, Det Supt Downey said. He added both girls received hospital treatment. DS Downey continued: "One of them who was hit by pellets, that will be a long road to recovery and thankfully it's not life changing. I can only imagine the trauma a 16 and 13-year-old will be going through. I think the physical injuries are probably secondary to the trauma or the mental injuries."  