Originally born in Malaysia, Michelle Yeoh turned 60 on August 6, which may come as a shock to you as the BAFTA nominated performer looks much younger. In a candid interview, the 5ft 4in actress revealed the "most important" element to ageing well. "For me, exercising is the most important," she said. "When I’m in New York, I love walking around Central Park." Michelle elaborated: "I mean, literally, the whole circle around the park... I get this glow after I exercise that comes right from your core." The entertainer pointed out that "your skin looks better right away" following some exercise. But could genetics play a role in Michelle's radiant and smooth skin? "She just turned 82, but she looks like she’s in her 60s," Michelle said of her mother. READ MORE: Dr Mosley shares the 15p snack that can lower ‘bad’ cholesterol by 23% - ‘Delicious’ "Till this day, when I go home, she will nag at me, ‘You have to look after your skin!'" And so she does, with "face masks, neck masks, jawline masks, every mask on the planet". Michelle, who has been with her boyfriend Jean Todt since 2004, told Vogue: "I never skimp on [masks]." Born in the year of the Tiger, Michelle pounced on the opportunity to play frazzled laundromat owner Evelyn Wang in Everything Everywhere All At Once. As an interesting project, Michelle could play "a woman who had no time to take care of herself", which is far removed from Michelle's true essence. To make Evelyn more believable as a character, make-up artists had to accentuate the "lines and spots" Michelle claims she has on her face. "At the end of the day, sometimes an extra would come up to me and go, ‘Oh, my God. You are actually a lot younger than you look in the movie!'" she laughed. Aside from face masks, Michelle stands firm that you should never go to sleep with your make-up on, and you should treat your skin delicately. To help protect her skin, Michelle told Stylist that she "never [goes] anywhere without slapping on sunscreen first". In the 2014 article, Michelle admitted that she used to tan in the 80s, when it was the "trendy" thing to do. However, she noticed that tanning aged her skin, so she decided to stop immediately. Not only does sunscreen help prevent sun damage in the form of sun spots, for example, the lotion could also save your life. Skin cancer is one of the most common diseases in the world, the NHS testified. Tumours on the skin are not only unsightly, they can be deadly, especially if the cancerous cells spread internally in the body. To help improve your chances of a long, healthy life, where you look in good shape, following Michelle's advice could be key. Invest in yourself; make exercise a daily priority and wear sunscreen.