The country’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation rose to 10.1 percent in July, which is the highest it has been since 1982. Experts are warning of “more despair” for pensioners who will find it harder for their private pension pots to last longer in light of inflation-hiked prices. However, those on the state pension are set to lose out the most as they face living on payments of just £90 a week, according to interactive investor. State pension payments are due to rise next year with the promised return of the triple lock pledge. This is a commitment from the Government to raise pension payments by either the rate of inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent; whichever is the highest. Due to average earnings artificially rising as a result of the pandemic-furlough scheme, the triple lock was temporarily scrapped and state pensions only increased by 3.1 percent. With its eventual return and inflation exceeding 10.1 percent currently, state pension payments are set to rise substantially. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Despite this, inflation is predicted to skyrocket to as high as 18.6 percent next year, according to Citigroup. If this were to come true, state pension payments would in fact fall in real-terms and could push pensioners into poverty and “more despair.” Becky O’Connor, the head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, outlined the desperate situation many older households face going into winter. Ms O’Conner said: “The latest inflation numbers will heap more despair on people trying to plan a decent retirement. “They will also dismay those who recently retired thinking they would be OK, but now can’t make the numbers add up. Those who chose to retire early during the pandemic may now be regretting that decision. “It looks like ‘back to work’ will be the order of the day for older people who would like to enjoy retirement but can’t because of rises in the cost of living.” The retirement expert noted that pensioners will need “bigger pension pots” to survive the coming months of inflation-hiked prices. She added: “In order to retire, people will need bigger pension pots than before to cope with rising prices, but at the same time, they are likely to feel even more cautious about using their retirement savings, for fear of running out of money too soon. They are caught between a rock and a hard place. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments “A rise in the amount withdrawn from a pension from £5,000 a year to £5,500 a year to cover a 10 percent rise in prices could mean a pension running out two years earlier, at age 83 rather than age 85. “The pressure of making pension savings last is great at the best of times. During the worst of times, it becomes too much. Working again starts to look like the best option.” Notably, the pensions analyst emphasised that many state pensioners will be living off just £90 a week in light of the pending hike to energy bills. Ofgem has confirmed that the energy price cap will exceed £3,500 this autumn with further bill rises expected in January as well. “Energy bills could end up taking up more than half of pensioners’ state pension income by the end of the year,” Ms O’Conner said. “That’s completely unmanageable if people are going to be able to continue to feed themselves.” Citing the cap rise in October, the expert asserted that energy bills would make up 43 percent of pensioners’ average income this Autumn. As a result, this would push those on the state pension into having only £90 a week to spend on food, fuel and vital utilities.