But a big storm is coming and with each passing day, I am more worried about the impact this cost of living crisis will have on folk up and down the land. So far we have seen and heard a lot of talk about the effect of energy price rises, the toll of inflation and the soaring cost we face when filling up at the petrol pumps. But the full-scale reality of what is about to hurt everyone is yet to hit home. I doubt it truly will until the Autumn when our energy bills land on the doormat. You may be thinking. “It’s okay for him to be going on about the rising cost of living…he isn’t going to struggle to pay his bills this year.” I hope you are right but we are all going to be at least 10 percent worse off because of inflation. One thing I have always done since landing a job that lets me hold politicians to account, is to talk to and listen to those who aren’t in the privileged position of being able to question Government Ministers. I know it is fears over the cost of living that are at the very top of the list for most people. Not Brexit. Not Whitehall waste. Not what constitutes a man or a woman. In terms of the emails dropping into my inbox at GB News it’s the red-hot topic of the day. That is why I cannot for the life of me understand why we have a caretaker Prime Minister who is effectively squatting at Number 10 while tens of millions of folks worry about how they will pay the mortgage between now and Christmas. Now, I was never very good with numbers at school so can someone please help me with an equation? Statistics seem to show we are now waiting on 150,000 Conservative members to decide who should be Prime Minister. That is about 0.3 per cent of the population - and probably less than the number of people who vote in a one-hour episode of Strictly Come Dancing. So why on earth are we waiting for nearly another MONTH to decide between Truss and Sunak? It is madness. We need a new Prime Minister in place right away and their very first job should be an emergency plan to deal with the cost of living crisis. People who need support simply cannot afford to be kept waiting.People like my friends, who I sat with last November in Belfast, and listened as they explained how they were so frightened because the cost of their oil central heating had gone up by a staggering 900 per cent. Their children were sitting watching TV in thick coats.  For the saddest of reasons, Rachel remains one of the most memorable interviews I have conducted since joining GB News in December. “I dread the postman, I dread the doorbell,” the married mother of two told me last year. Rachel then candidly described how things were so difficult for her and her husband, who was working double shifts as a delivery driver, that they were planning not to tell their children about Father Christmas as they were unable to afford to let the kids make a Xmas list. Right now these are the people that matter. Tens of thousands of people will die this Winter unless they are provided with support. We face a critical national emergency. And every second counts in trying to fix it. Eamonn Holmes presents Breakfast on GB News Monday to Thursday from 6am.