Anne Boleyn was executed at the Tower of London in 1536 after being found guilty of treason against her husband King Henry VIII. Henry’s second wife allegedly plotted against him with his courtiers, who she was reportedly having affairs with. After Anne was imprisoned in the Tower, she was subject to further misery in the run-up to her death, according to fresh revelations by a historian. Sylvia Barbara Soberton, who has uncovered the identities of Anne’s close female confidantes, has revealed how she was spied on by women before she was beheaded. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the Tudor expert explained how Sir William Kingston, the Constable of the Tower, received intelligence from the four ladies who attended to Anne’s needs ahead of her execution. She said: “Generally, the women who were with her in the Tower of London were not her close friends. “Because she commented that the king knew what he was doing when he put such women about her that she ‘never loved’. “That is a quote from Anne herself. Kingston wrote that these women were to spy for him. JUST IN: William and Kate U-turn after snubbing household staff: 'Life they want to lead' “And they did, because he reported these scraps of conversations. “Later for example, some men were arrested based on what Anne said in the Tower to these women who were with her.” Ms Soberton is a Europe-based writer and researcher, specialising in the history of the Tudors. While researching her new book, ‘Ladies-in-Waiting: Women Who Served Anne Boleyn’, she unearthed evidence about the four women who visited Anne before she died. In her latest work, Ms Soberton lists the women as: Kingston’s wife, Mary Kingston; Margaret Coffin, the wife of Anne’s master of the horse; ‘Lady Boleyn’, Anne’s aunt; and ‘Mrs Stoner’, who may have overseen the behaviour and education of the young maids of honour. In the book she writes: “These women were to report everything Anne said during her imprisonment. “The distraught Queen blabbed incessantly, unwittingly incriminating Francis Weston and providing scraps of conversations that would later serve as the basis of the charges laid against her. “Anne bitterly complained that the King had ‘put such two about her as my Lady Boleyn and Mistress Coffin, for they could tell her nothing of my lord her father or anything else, but she defied them all’. “Mistress Coffin, who slept on a pallet bed in the Queen’s bedchamber, proved herself to be very useful to Kingston. “Because he reported that, ‘I have everything told me by Mistress Coffin that she thinks meet for me to know’.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS] Ms Soberton explained that while we have a record of the women who were with her in the Tower, it is more difficult pinpointing who was with the Queen on the scaffold where she lost her head. She told Express.co.uk: “I think it would be very interesting to know who accompanied her on the scaffold. “But sadly, we do not have the names of the women who accompanied her in her last hour. “I think it is fair to say that the observers who describe Anne’s execution said that the four ladies who accompanied her were young. “The women who accompanied her in the Tower were by no means young. “They were, I think, in their forties and fifties. So, I think a sixteenth century person would not have described them as young.” ‘Ladies-in-Waiting: Women Who Served Anne Boleyn’ was written by Sylvia Barbara Soberton and published in 2022. It is available here.