She whinges she never realised being ambitious was a crime until she started dating Harry Astonishingly, Meghan sees herself as an achiever on the same level as her podcast guest Serena Williams - a genuine tennis great - while all Meghan has done is marry a prince. I expect the podcast will go down well in California, the land of self-promotion, but her lack of self-awareness is excruciating. She appears to see no irony at all that in a podcast about women achieving on their own merit, she still uses her full title of Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, as she seemingly does for every book, speech and broadcast she flogs. I'd have far more respect for her if she still called herself Meghan Markle; then again, pigs might fly. Last week I shared my thoughts on the kind of world I'd like to see my grandchildren grow up in. There was no space (and to be honest I wasn't quite ready to write about it) to share something else: something a lot more immediate, direct and dramatic than my musings on the future. And that was the frightening way in which my latest grandchild made her way into the world. My daughter, who's been staying with us for the last few weeks of her pregnancy while her own home is refurbished, went into labour four days after her due date. I say labour, but it wasn't really. Her waters broke in the middle of the night, but no contractions followed. So her midwife advised her to come into hospital to be induced. First major wobble. Chloe's far too sensible to sacrifice her baby's health on the altar of natural childbirth - but still, in every new mum's breast there lurks a longing to be Mother Earth, a fertility goddess who brings forth her first born with serene competence. Now Chloe was facing the harsh reality of an oxytocin drip, the feelgood "love" hormone which speeds up labour. Problem was it didn't work. The baby hated the love drug and her heartbeat dropped every time the midwives tried to increase the dose. Not surprising, because the umbilical cord was wrapped around her neck, and every contraction made the cord pull tighter, like a noose. In the end an emergency C-section was the only option, and Chloe was whipped into theatre where her tiny girl was pulled through the sunroof, as they say. Red-faced, furious, but alive and well. How often does the dream birth, without drugs or intervention, teeter on the edge of nightmare? We must never forget that childbirth, even now, remains dangerous for both mother and baby. Thank God for the medical expertise that saves lives. Two weeks on, Chloe and Bobo (Bodhi Rae Georgia), above, are happy and thriving. And I can breathe again! Richard's piece on dancing makes me smile. Because the only reason he saw no problem with Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin's provocative performance is that she's pretty, sexy, and 36 years old. I asked him how he'd feel if it was 47-year-old Liz Truss slinking her stuff, and there was no reply. I already know how much he scoffed at Teresa May at 65, and her Dancing Queen moves while PM. I'm afraid it's the old story: if you're young and beautiful you can get away with anything. Otherwise, forget about it.