Princess Diana’s former protection officer Ken Wharfe joined Ranvir Singh on ITV’s Lorraine on Tuesday to discuss his new bombshell book. The author praised William for hugging players at the Euro 2022 final as he pointed out this sweet gesture was “the legacy of Diana”. Talking about William’s presence at Euro 2022, Ken said: “What I loved about that was the way Prince William was there presenting the trophy. “In the past we’ve seen so many royals present trophies at football matches. “This is the first time I’ve seen any member of the Royal Family hug somebody, give them a kiss effectively. “If you need to know what the legacy of Diana is, you really need to look at that.” Read more: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub "Such an interesting point,” Ranvir commented. Ken continued: “This was typical Diana, working with the public and the closeness that she felt during her short time “That we see in William particularly and even Harry. “I thought that was a tremendous legacy, a great moment certainly.” The Duke of Cambridge attended the game in his role as President of the Football Association. William shook hands with members of the England squad before hugging captain Leah Williamson. She has since revealed the touching message he gave her as they embraced. She said: “I think I went to shake his hand and he said, ‘Leah, bring it in.’ DON'T MISSMeghan Markle fans blast Lorraine over 'disgusting' Bower interview [INSGHT]Emmerdale’s Amelia Spencer star admits ITV role is 'exhausting' [INTERVIEW]Ranvir Singh mocks Prince Harry as pants go up for auction [VIDEO] “I said, ‘Thank you, sir.’ He was like, ‘I’m very proud of you all.’” Elsewhere on Lorraine, Ken revealed Diana “didn’t” want the iconic Taj Mahal picture. He said: “The point was this was a joint visit with her and the Prince of Wales. “The Prince of Wales, understandably, didn’t want to sit on that sit outside the temple of love. “The media interest was always on Diana right through her life and with the Prince of Wales which is a big problem for him because he wanted that media attention. “The focus was on Diana for obvious reasons and this particular day we went to the Taj Mahal and the script was she’d sit on that bench.” He explained a reporter unexpectedly asked Diana “what it feels like” and she wasn’t sure what to say. “I said, ‘Say something like it’s a rather moving moment’ which she said and one of the snappers at the front said, ‘What do you mean by that?’ And as quick as anything Diana said, ‘Work it out for yourself.’” Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.