Model and TV presenter Chrissy posted emotional photos on social media when Jack died at 20 weeks in 2020, a move John has described as "powerful and wise". The Grammy-winning songwriter also said he would "never forget" the loss.  And father-of-two John told today's Desert Island Discs he has since penned songs about the couple's devastating experience. The 43-year-old said: "It was difficult. I was hesitant to share it but I think Chrissy was really right in encouraging us to share it because I think it really was powerful for a lot of people. "Way more people than anyone realises go through this and I think they feel alone a lot of times. Us sharing our experience made people feel less alone and that there were other people going through it. "It was a really powerful, wise decision for Chrissy because it helped a lot of people." The Ordinary People singer added: "Some of the songs are about coping with loss and grief and when you feel broken, and those experiences I was able to channel into the music. "It's hard to try to comfort anyone who is going through it because there's no real comfort and you're always going to feel that loss. "It kind of spreads over time so it doesn't feel as heavy but you'll never forget it." But there was joy for the couple last week when Chrissy, 36, who is also a successful cookbook author, revealed she is pregnant again after doing IVF. Chrissy, who is mother to daughter Luna, six, and son Miles, four, said: "The last few years have been a blur of emotions to say the least but joy has filled our home and hearts again."  The couple's romance began in 2006 when they met on the set of his music video for Stereo. They married in a lavish Italian ceremony in 2013 that featured an impromptu performance by Stevie Wonder. John also used the event to debut the song All Of Me, which was written about his wife. It went on to become a huge international hit, getting two billion views on YouTube and winning a Grammy award in 2015. He told presenter Lauren Laverne: "You try to create something beautiful and you don't know what's going to happen with it when you create it. "Sometimes you stumble on something that is life changing and All Of Me is one of those songs for me. When I first sang it for Chrissy she cried, so that was a good sign." John also described growing up in a Christian household in Ohio, and being home schooled by his religious parents. His mother, Phyllis Stephens, suffered depression after his grandmother's death, leading her to get involved with drugs and becoming estranged from her family for a decade. Desert Island Discs, 11.15am today, BBC Radio 4 