Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has given an in-depth answer as to why Roberto Firmino was preferred to summer signing Darwin Nunez through the middle of his attack against Fulham. Nunez was Liverpool's marquee signing in the summer with the Uruguayan coming in as Sadio Mane's replacement. He caught the eye of Liverpool fans during pre-season when he bagged four goals in the second half against RB Leipzig. And there was huge fanfare among Liverpool supporters when Nunez came on in the Community Shield against Manchester City. The 23-year-old terrorised City's defence and scored in stoppage time with Liverpool fans going bonkers in the stands. Roberto Firmino was still favoured to start alongside Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz in that match and the Brazilian did what he does best in providing the link up play between midfield and attack. Given the money Liverpool spent on Nunez this summer, many were expecting to see the Uruguayan take Firmino's place in the starting line-up against Fulham. But Klopp was opted to stick with the Brazilian forward with Alisson the only change from the side which started against City last week.  The Liverpool boss has often given new signings a period of time to settle at the club before they come in as regular starters. However, Klopp has hinted that Nunez may well have to get used to periods on the bench throughout the season depending on the opposition they play. When asked whether he's giving Nunez time to settle by not starting him against Fulham, Klopp said: "Yeah, of course. But we also have to mix it up a little so what kind of options do we have to change.  "With Bobby, we have a baller and then the other two boys have the speed. If we put in a third player with speed it's about the opponent and what they require. "If we change with the two young boys with Darwin for example, it's again a good mix and that's why we thought it would be better to start with Bobby." Klopp's comments also hint that he will be giving Fabio Carvalho and Harvey Elliott plenty of chances this season. Carvalho and Elliott both played together during their time in the academy at Fulham before the latter moved to Anfield in 2019.