Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, released the first episode of her high-anticipated podcast on Tuesday, August 23. The first episode in the Archetypes podcast series, titled ‘The Misconceptions of Ambition with Serena Williams’ saw Meghan speak to her tennis star friend about motherhood, pregnancy and connotations of ambition in women. During the hour-long episode, Meghan also interviewed Dr Laura Kay and shared personal stories about her struggle with ambition. READ MORE: Meghan Markle praised for 'finally' getting her voice back She also gave insight into her life as a new mother, including how Archie, now three,  escaped a fire during a royal tour to South Africa in 2019. When Archetypes was initially announced, the podcast was said to “investigate the labels that try to hold women back”. In a promotional video, Meghan promised to be “the real me” while having “intimate and candid conversations” with friends, historians and experts. Archetypes is due to feature 12 episodes with Meghan talking to household names and experts about female stereotypes. In a poll that ran from 11am on Wednesday, August 24, to 10am on Friday, August 26, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Will you be listening to Meghan Markle’s podcast series?” A total of 15,493 people responded with the overwhelming majority, 98 percent (15,207 people) answering “no”, they would not be listening to Meghan’s podcast. Just two percent (230 people) said “yes” they would, and a further 56 people said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed the Duchess’s latest venture. Most readers commented that they would not be listening to Archetypes, with one, username LetsJustSay writing: “Life is too short to listen.” Username Napinsurrey said: “I have better things to do.” Username Wrathful wrote: “No, I certainly won't be listening to her.” Another, username Wiser1 said: “Never in a decade of Sundays” And username meiklemill90y said: “Not even if I were paid to.” Others commented that they were cancelling their Spotify subscription as a result of Meghan’s podcast. Username swhuk2012 said: “No way, not wasting my time and have closed my account.” While username interestedreader said: “Not only will I not listen I'm not renewing my Spotify subscription.” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle signed a multi-year podcast partnership with Spotify after stepping down from their roles as senior working royals in 2020. DON'T MISS: Prince William 'jumped in a car to confront Harry' - claim [LATEST]Dan Wootton savages Meghan’s entitled attitude over royal duties [VIDEO]Prince Harry's polo friend speaks out on Meghan Markle's new podcast [INSIGHT]  Archetypes was their first product from the deal aside from a holiday special released last Christmas. Since stepping away from The Firm, Harry and Meghan have more freedom to speak about their own views and beliefs. Royal author Omid Scobie praised Meghan’s podcast claiming the Duchess “finally has her voice back” after being “silenced by the institution”. Writing in his column for Yahoo News, Mr Scobie said: “Uncensored and unbothered, Meghan, like Harry, has managed to create a healthier and happier existence since being shown the door after the couple’s half in, half out proposal was rejected. “The two are now free to show their battle scars as and when they see fit.” He continued:  “Once silenced by the institution, Meghan finally has her voice back. “A voice that will be very familiar to those who followed her before meeting Harry. “This time, however, she’s brought an entire movement alongside it.”