Hector Bellerin's representatives are set to hold a meeting with Arsenal technical director Edu this week to discuss the player's future, according to reports. It has been claimed Bellerin's agents see Arsenal cancelling his contract as the 'ideal solution'. The right-back spent last season on loan at Real Betis. He is keen on a permanent move to the Spanish club, having supported them as a child. However, Betis are yet to offer an amount Arsenal view as satisfactory for Bellerin. Betis do want to bring the 27-year-old back and progress could be made this week. Spanish outlet ElDesmarque says Bellerin's representatives are in regular contact with Arsenal in a hope of facilitating his departure this week. They believe being released from his contract would be the best outcome but are yet to speak to the club about that possibility. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea double deal, Man Utd's De Jong message, Arsenal's four targets  They are set to arrange a meeting this week with Arsenal, and Edu is set to be involved as he is in charge of transfers in and out at the Emirates. Bellerin has his heart set on a return to Betis and does not want to see out the final year of his contract at Arsenal. Bellerin may get his wish of having his Gunners deal terminated. That is because the Spaniard fits into the category of player that Edu spoke about in an interview last month that he no longer wants to have at the club. Edu said players on big salaries but not contributing to the team are a problem and paying off their contracts is sometimes the only way to resolve the situation. He told reporters in the USA: "If a guy is performing and has a big salary, that's not a problem. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make De Jong deadline decision' as Murtough looks to close dealArsenal could still make four more signings in final month of windowTottenham could still make four more signings in final month of window  "When the player is 26-plus, big salary and he's not performing, he's killing you. You don't have a valuation to sell the player, the player is comfortable – Arsenal, London, beautiful, everything is fantastic – and a good salary… how many players with that kind of characteristics did we have in the past? 80 per cent of the squad. "Try to avoid one more year with the problem in the dressing room. Take it out. Even if you have to pay because that guy is sometimes blocking someone." Bellerin first joined Arsenal in 2011 and has made almost 250 appearances for the club in all competitions. He has featured sparingly in pre-season and was an unused substitute against Sevilla at the weekend. 