Duka and Whitney were matched up by the experts on Married at First Sight, believing these complete strangers could have a chance of true love. The E4 reality show has proved on numerous occasions that this process can have a happy ending but will Duka and Whitney have theirs? Fans were left feeling uneasy about their potential as a couple from the get-go. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight. Married at First Sight UK 2022 has premiered on Monday, August 29, so there is a long way to go before finding out whether or not couples remained together after filming. But as the show is starting to play out, Duka and Whitney are together as they tied the knot in front of their friends and families. The singletons are first introduced with their hen and stag dos and 31-year-old Whitney didn't hit it off right away with one of the other contestants. She was labelled a "b***h" by Jess after she felt that Whitney was judging her for saying that she would sleep with her future mysterious husband on the first night if it felt right. When fans got to know Whitney a little more, she revealed it was in her "nature to run away from getting serious" in a relationship. She also opened up on the tragic death of her mum who died in a car accident, showing a vulnerable side to the bride. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit Whitney would be meeting her new husband 31-year-old Duka who described himself as a "jack the lad". He was born in the former Yugoslavia but moved to the UK when he was 10 because of the civil war. Duka was bullied at school but grew more confident as he got older and now looks up to his parents' marriage who have an "unbreakable bond". Unfortunately, when Duka and Whitney met for the first time at the ceremony, it wasn't exactly love at first sight. Duka commented how his new bride looked amazing but in a separate interview, Whitney said she wanted a "brick house" of a man and he was more of a shed. She even commented away from the ceremony: "This is like the worst thing I've done in my f*****g life," leaving fans worried that she wasn't going to go through with it. Nevertheless, the wedding continued and they exchanged vows, although Whitney clearly felt awkward stating how she was going to love a met she had never met before. Duka's dad showed concern during the wedding breakfast as well, telling the cameras that he felt disappointed for his son. DON'T MISS...Alice Beer blasts not turning off appliances in cash-saving tip [REACTION]Where are the MAFS UK 2021 couples now? [EXPLAINER]Lorraine viewers baffled by MAFS star's appearance [CAST] Duka tried to defend his wife, telling his father that it was most probably because of her nerves. He said she had "massive walls" up but hoped he would be able to knock them down as the process continued. Prior to the big day, the experts even said that Whitney was in search of perfection. Mel Schilling said: "Whitney's a woman with a powerful personality and she has very high expectations, probably unrealistic expectations of men." In response, Paul C Brunson commented: "But with Duka, she gets commitment, resilience and she could truly appreciate that stability." It didn't seem as if the judges all agreed that this would be a good match as Charlene Douglas added that she was worried there "could be fireworks down the line". However, after the wedding breakfast when Duka and Whitney spent some time alone, she opened up about losing her mum. Duka felt instantly closer to his wife and they clinked glasses at the start of their marriage. So while it was a rocky start, could they actually make it work after all? MAFS UK continues every night at 9pm on E4.