No matter what time of year, swimming in the sea is a great British tradition; whether you like to frolic along the shore, swim long distances, or simply bob about in a beautiful spot. With the current warm weather, why not visit one of the 10 best beaches? Swimming off the Welsh coast can be a bracing experience, but sea temperatures are at their highest this month, especially with the most recent heatwave.  With another hot spell forecast next week, holidaymakers and locals will be looking for a place to cool off, and Trearddur bay is said to be one of the best for swimming. The main beach is one of the island’s tourist hotspots, and has “everything for a great outing: sand for castle building, rock pools when the tide heads out, and a lovely bathing area protected by marked buoys”. Across the 400 metres, there is “nothing but sand beneath you”, so it really is a pleasant swimming experience. There are plenty of parking and facilities, and it’s easy for a family to spend all day there and “not get bored”. Lansallos Beach is a small sheltered sand and shingle beach reached by a half mile walk from the National Trust Lansallos car park in Lansallos village. The beach is not well known so perfect for those that want a peaceful day without the crowds. It’s also dog friendly, all year round so you can swim alongside your furry friend. But, check before you travel because the beach “virtually disappears at high tide”. Surrounding the cove are rocks and small cliffs to swim around and jump off. There is also a waterfall and cliff walk for beautiful views. The only downside is there are no toilets or facilities nearby. READ MORE: UK drivers warned of major fines for petrol and diesel cars in France Southbourne Beach is “loved by locals and visitors for its clean, sandy and shingle beach”. It is located east of Boscombe Pier and the town centre, and just a couple of miles away from Bournemouth Beach which can get notoriously busy and littered. The tide moves east or west, depending on its rise and fall, so check tide times before visiting. As for swimming, you can use the “groynes to map your distance” and enjoy a lovely long swim along the coast. As for parking, it’s one of the few stretches of the coast where it’s still free. Hope Cove is made up of two sandy beaches in the South Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, near Salcombe, South Devon. Mouthwell Sands to the north is the nearest beach to the car park. The longer Harbour beach sits just to its south. With water quality designated as excellent, Hope Cove’s beaches are great for families to visit. The mix of sand and rocky areas means that Mouthwell Sands in particular is great for sandcastles and sunbathing as well as exploring the rockpools. There are lifeguards on duty during the summer months too so you can still swim at high tide. The swim from the Harbour side across the bay is about 250 metres, so you can easily build up lengths. It is a “little more sheltered from the weather...but wind is a big factor so check the wind forecast as well as the tide”. DON'T MISS...‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXCLUSIVE]How Meghan portays herself as ‘innocent’ and ‘humble’ - expert claims [PICTURES]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [COMMENT] Broadstairs boasts an impressive seven sand-filled beaches and bays. It is a sheltered bay, which is “great for swimming when the tide is in”. For those that dislike sitting still in the baking sun, there are some quirky shops nearby, plenty of sand and beach huts. Ella Foote, editor of Outdoor Swimming magazine advised: “If it is busy, nearby Louisa bay is just as good for a dip. Early morning tides will beat the crowds.” Swimmers should “be careful with the tides” in this area as there “is a strong current”. Felixstowe’s water is not the crystal clear blue that you dream about the sea being, Ella told swimmers to “accept you are likely to emerge from the silty swell with a sea-beard”. This area is “challenging” for long swims, and it’s no surprise that Channel swimmers train at this location. Depending on the tide, there is a drag north or south, but if you plan your visit right, “you can swim with the tide and feel like an Olympian”. Locals choose to swim at the northern end of the beach, near the cafes, and for those that like a quick submersion, between the groynes is a safe place to bob about. READ MORE: Luggage: Six popular items 'banned' from hold and hand baggage Formby Beach is ideal for families, with a large car park, picnic areas and waymarked paths to the beach, dunes and woods. The high dunes provide excellent views across the Irish Sea and on clear days after rain, even the mountains of Cumbria can be seen. The coast here is undergoing erosion and the tides often reveal prehistoric mud layers, some of which contain human and animal footprints, so intrigued children should keep an eye out. As for swimming, when the tide goes out, there is a lot of mud, clay and sinking sand left behind. Swimming is recommended only at high tide, and Ella suggests a quick “30 minutes before high tide and during slack tide”. There are lifeguards so it’s advisable to swim when they’re on duty. Or, join the local swimming group. Tynemouth Longsands is one of the most popular spots on the North East coast in the summer. People come from far and wide to build sand castles, sunbathe or splash about in the clean waters. Ella described the whole coastline as a “delight” and suggested swimming at King Edward’s Bay, where there is a view of the medieval priory and fortress. During high tide, and “if the sea is more bouncy”, the swimming expert recommends the breakwater at Cullercoats instead. Scotland’s beaches are popular because of their remoteness. The west coast is said to be a “swimmer’s paradise” as there is a “small beaches and coves around the coastal hamlet, Portnaluchaig, north of Arisaig in Inverness-shire”. At Camusdarach beach you’ll find a car park, and below is a “gorgeous bay” with white sand and turquoise water. Whiterocks has been called a “truly wild spot to swim” as on occasion, you can see dolphins, seals and seabirds. There are a cluster of bays, which not only offer cliff walks and brilliant views, but the ruined fortress of Dunluce Castle can be seen too. Depending on the wind direction, Ella told The Guardian “there are swimming spots at West Strand, which is sheltered by the Portrush peninsula, or the long bay of Whiterocks”. This spot is also a magnet for water sports enthusiasts, especially surfers, but body boarders and surf kayakers are also regular visitors.