Leicester are now prepared to sell defender Wesley Fofana and Chelsea believe they can sign the France under-21 international for less than £80million, according to reports. The Foxes had initially remained firm that Fofana would not be sold, but a deal could now be agreed before the September 1 transfer deadline. The Blues have pursued Fofana since losing out on Jules Kounde to Barcelona. Leicester wanted around £85m when reports of Chelsea's interest first emerged. But they could now renege on that stance, with Chelsea feeling that a structured proposal worth just under £80m could be enough to secure a transfer. Leicester need to sell in order to complete their own transfer business, having not made a single outfield signing all summer. Leicester's stance 'softened' after a series of meetings between head coach Brendan Rodgers and Fofana. The 21-year-old has insisted that he wants to join Chelsea. JUST IN: Casemiro in tears at Real Madrid exit as Man Utd plan unveiling That is according to CBS Sports, who claim that Chelsea have renewed hope of clinching a transfer. Fofana sat out of Leicester's 2-1 defeat by Southampton on Saturday, having told Rodgers that he wants to leave the King Power Stadium. Rodgers had previously said that players who are intent on leaving Leicester will not be included in their matchday squads. Seeing the former Saint-Etienne starlet in the crowd would have given Chelsea fresh hope of completing a transfer. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is desperate for reinforcements all over the pitch. Sealing a deal for Fofana over the next few days will come at a good time, given Kalidou Koulibaly's suspension for his sending-off in Sunday's defeat at Leeds. DON'T MISS...Chelsea only have days to seal Fofana deal as Blues eye 'third bid'Man Utd discover mammoth Gakpo fee and hindrance in Pulisic dealChelsea put 'threat on the table' as talks with Barcelona hit a snag Tuchel will hope for at least a couple more signings ahead of the September 1 transfer deadline, with the 3-0 thumping by Leeds proving work still needs to be done at Stamford Bridge. The Blues were easily beaten at Elland Road. Chelsea continue to pursue deals for Barcelona duo Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Midfielder De Jong started Barca's 4-1 win over Real Sociedad on Sunday, while Aubameyang was on the bench. The West Londoners are reportedly some way away from Barca's valuation of around £25m. A meeting is set to be held between both clubs and the player's representatives this week.