Selling the OC is on its way to Netflix and fans cannot wait for all the drama in the Selling Sunset spin-off. The reality series follows a new group of agents as they hustle to make big sales on luxury Orange County homes. Tyler Stanaland is one of the agents and he is married to a famous actress. Fans will have already seen from the Selling the OC trailer that Tyler is one of the show's heartthrobs. His fellow agents have a soft spot for the surfing star, who is relatively new to the world of TV. Tyler likes to keep away from the drama but viewers will soon discover his good looks and charm will land him at the centre of it all. Fans will hear the agent speak openly about his famous wife, actress Brittany Snow. American actress Brittany, 36, is from Tampa in Florida and she rose to fame in the soap opera Guiding Light. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Double exit for Laramie and Walker She also had huge roles in the musical film Hairspray and The Pacifier, as well as John Tucker Must Die. The star has also impressed fans with her vocal ability in the Pitch Perfect film series. Away from the spotlight, she is the co-founder of the Love is Louder movement, a project tackling bullying in schools. The star began her career as a child model, with one of her first acting credits being Whisper of the Heart in 1995. She married real estate agent Tyler Stanaland in 2020 and they are still happily married. Tyler told Entertainment Tonight that viewers would not see Brittany on the show, but she was supportive of his new venture. He said: "I have what makes the most sense in my career, and she has what makes the most sense in her career, and kind of whatever is best, we do, and we support, and I think that’s what makes our relationship successful. “Knowing what we filmed — and kind of excited to see what actually was made of all our adventures together." [Sic] The agent has a love of surfing but wanted to try his hand at something more challenging. He comes from a family of realtors and got his sales license at just 18 years old. DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family [INSIGHT] 'Not a good lesson' Amanda Owen breaks down after tragic loss at farm [VIDEO] Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 [INTERVIEW] As for his wife, she is still acting to this day and has appeared in the 2022 film, X. Fans may recognise her as Julia Bechley in the series Almost Family, and she has since taken on some projects behind the camera. She worked as a producer on the film Hooking Up and will be directing and co-writing a Netflix film called September 17th, which is slated for 2023. The award-winning actress is on Instagram but she does not post many photos of herself with her husband. On Tyler's Instagram, however, he shared a photo of the couple on their wedding day. Paying tribute to his wife, he said: "Before the world shut down, a small group of our closest family and friends got together to celebrate what was certainly one of the best days of my life. "It was cold and rainy but absolute magic. Still in awe I get to call you my wife @brittanysnow." This is one of the only posts featuring Brittany as the pair appear to keep their love life out of the spotlight.  Selling The OC airs on Netflix on August 24.