Having a bright white smile is the perfect way to look polished for any occasion and easily achieve the look with a teeth whitening strip kit. Shoppers are praising MySweetSmile’s Sensitivity-Free teeth whitening strips and it’s on offer for a limited time. Teeth whitening strips are the key to achieving a glowing smile but can often feel irritating as most contain Hydrogen Peroxide. But shoppers are loving a teeth whitening kit that’s free from Hydrogen Peroxide, making it perfect for sensitive teeth. Newly launched, MySweetSmile’s Sensitivity-Free Teeth Whitening Strips contains a PAP-based formula that creates the brightest smile and helps removes years of built-up yellowing, after just one treatment. It comes in paper thin sizes that’s ideal for summer travelling and is now on offer for less than £30. What makes MySweetSmile’s strips different is that it’s created with Phthalimidoperoxycaproicacid or PAP for short. PAP is an organic peracid that breaks down tooth stains and yellowing without affecting the soft tissue or mineral composition of the teeth. The result is that it doesn’t cause teeth sensitivity or irritation as it whitens the teeth and has become a shoppers favourite. It’s now reduced from £34.99 to £29.99, saving £5 off. BUY: MySweetSmile Sensitivity-Free Teeth Whitening Strips (£29.99) One pack contains 14 strips so it’s only around £2 a strip with the offer. It takes only 30 minutes to work and is compatible to use with caps, implants, bridges, veneers or bonding. There have been over 100,000 customers and reviewers love effective it is. Caleb wrote: “Results in one use and it’s good for sensitive teeth.” Lily also agreed: “These strips stick really well to my teeth, they do not taste bad and they gradually whiten your teeth after the first one to two treatments. I wouldn't say they whiten like a dentist, but when I had mine whitened at a dentist it made my teeth feel funny for a few days, which these do not do making them a great alternative at an affordable price.”