Ann Widdecombe, who served as the Tory MP for Maidstone & The Weald between 1987 and 2010, joined GB News yesterday to discuss the current state of the Conservative Party. Ms Widdecombe told Mark Dolan why she thought the Tory Party was now "unrecognisable" compared to the days of Margaret Thatcher and Winston Churchill. Speaking during the 'Big Question' segment yesterday, the 74-year-old said: "The party is unrecognisable, I don't recognise this as the Party of Thatcher never mind Churchill and never mind going back in history. "For all sorts of reasons, I think you've got an awful lot of second-rate people in Parliament. "Now I don't think that Liz [Truss] and Rishi [Sunak] are second-rate parliamentarians but nor do I think that they stand out, at the moment, as the sort of people that we will be talking about to our grandchildren in 30 years time or whatever it might be. "I think you're absolutely right about the party. JUST IN: 'Are you having a laugh!? Richard Tice on future of Starmer 'British people had enough!' "I think the standard of parliamentarians is poor." But Ms Widdecombe, who was elected as an MEP for Nigel Farage's Brexit Party in 2019, also provided some insight into why she thinks the standard has dropped. John Major's former Prisons Minister claimed: "I think a lot of that has been this wretched quota business. "The Labour Party had all-women shortlists, we have the A-List. READ MORE: ‘Norway first!’ Panic as UK's BIGGEST importer of gas poised to cut supplies off "You're trying to manipulate a Parliament that is not based on raw merit and raw electioneering and appealing to the electorate. "It is based instead on identity politics." Ms Widdecombe concluded: "The Parliament that I joined in 1987 was a vastly more serious body than this one has ever been." The Daily Express columnist, who won her deposit back when she stood as the Brexit-backing candidate in Plymouth, Sutton & Devonport in 2019, previously revealed she had left the Conservative Party because "Parliament is beyond parody". DON'T MISS:Starmer danger: A Labour win would reverse Brexit and break-up UK [COMMENT]Ferrari mocks Keir Starmer over Labour picket line cave-in [WATCH]Angela Rayner leaves Starmer ISOLATED as he's humiliated on strikes [UPDATE] Speaking about her decision to defect in 2019, Ms Widdecombe said: "The whole nation is fed up to the back teeth and just wants a resolution." However, Ms Widdecombe's comments on GB News come as Mr Sunak and Ms Truss prepare to take to the stage at a hustings event in Darlington on August 9. The race to replace Boris Johnson as Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister is set to conclude on September 5 after around 160,000 Tory members decide who will have the keys to Number 10.