Piers Morgan was left embarrassed on Monday evening after his Cristiano Ronaldo prediction horribly backfired. The broadcaster insisted Manchester United would get “hammered” by Liverpool in their Premier League encounter and called for Erik ten Hag’s head before the match had even begun after the Dutchman dropped Ronaldo from his starting line-up. Ronaldo, who wants to quit Old Trafford before the transfer window closes next week, was named on the bench for the visit of the Merseysiders as 20-year-old winger Anthony Elanga took his place. And Morgan revealed exactly what he thought of the decision before kick-off. “Benching @Cristiano for Elanga against Liverpool, even by current abysmal Manchester United standards, is one of the dumbest decisions in football history” the 52-year-old wrote on Twitter. “Ten Hag should be fired for this alone if they get hammered tonight.. or should I say WHEN they get hammered.” Morgan was well off the mark with his prediction as United produced a scintillating display to finally get their season up and running after two defeats. And Ten Hag’s decision to overlook the Portugal international was ultimately vindicated. JUST IN: Man Utd: Ten Hag made history vs Liverpool and picks out double act   Elanga almost opened the scoring against Jurgen Klopp’s side as he saw an early effort cannon back off the post, with visiting goalkeeper Alisson well-beaten. And the starlet soon turned provider as he picked out Jadon Sancho in the box, before the ex-Borussia Dortmund ace fired the ball into the back of the net as United took the lead after 16 minutes. The Red Devils looked a cut above their north west rivals throughout the clash and doubled their advantage eight minutes after the interval as Marcus Rashford finished well after being played in on goal by Anthony Martial. Mohamed Salah then grabbed a late consolation for the visitors as he headed home from close range - but the night belonged to the 13-time Premier League champions. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Fernandes spills info on Ronaldo after Liverpool winJude Bellingham to Liverpool: £103m move 'expected', Gerrard backingLiverpool's Klopp makes 'ridiculous' claim after Man Utd defeat      Ahead of the match, Ten Hag explained his reasons for leaving Ronaldo out of the side as he told Sky Sports: “We know Liverpool are a really good team and you need to press them. You have to do that out of a block and need energy - that is why we went with Rashford, Sancho, Elanga.” And Roy Keane was quick to defend the United boss for his line-up. “The performances haven’t been good enough so he’s made some big calls,” said the former midfielder. “That’s what a manager’s job is, particularly at a big club. He’s left out big players, personality of Ronaldo is obviously a problem going back to pre-season.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 