Newest Strictly Come Dancing name Jayde is an actor and presenter but best known as a comedian, winning several comedy awards including a nomination for the coveted Best Newcomer with her Edinburgh Fringe debut stand-up hour. As an actor, Jayde has starred in BBC Two BAFTA winning comedy Alma’s Not Normal, the upcoming Take That movie Greatest Days, Amazon Prime’s Good Omens, and BBC One’s The Outlaws, while she is co-creator and star of ITV2’s upcoming brand new series Ruby Speaking. She has now expressed her excitement at being asked to be on the show and has reflected on the one series she missed. The 37-year-old said: "Since I watched the first series in 2004, I feel like every step I’ve taken in my career over the last 11 years was to be on Strictly. "I cannot begin to express the emotions I am feeling, this means so much to me and my family. "I’ve always watched it, apart from a brief hiatus in 2011 as I was relentlessly gigging every weekend (to try and get on Strictly). "I’ve been a massive fan of the show for years. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Frank returns to kill Sean's love interest "I feel like I’m watching myself in a dream and I can’t believe I’ve manifested this. Holding this in has been torture for me!" Jayde also hosted Netflix’s Crazy Delicious, co-hosted Channel 4’s BAFTA nominated Snackmasters, and has a weekly BBC Radio 4 podcast, Welcome to the Neighbourhood. She is currently performing at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe with her stand-up show Men, I Can Save You. The latest name joins Will Mellor, Kym Marsh, Richie Anderson and Kaye Adams in the current line-up so far. Sharing the statement on Twitter, Jayde added: "Holding this in at Edinburgh Fringe has been hell." Fans have already flooded social media with reactions to the latest announcement. Reply to Jayde, Twitter user @marcusbrig wrote: "@jaydeadams This is hugely exciting Jayde! Massive congratulations. I hope it’s a wild adventure." @EmmaKennedy simply added: "@jaydeadams YESSSSSS." DON'T MISS... Matt Tebbutt shuts down Charlie Stayt on BBC 'Leave it to the pros!' [LATEST]Matt Tebbutt shuts down Charlie Stayt on BBC 'Leave it to the pros!' [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty in hysterics over BBC Breakfast innuendo with Charlie [VIDEO] Fern Brady replied: "@jaydeadams I. AM. WATCHING!!!!!!" Some have even tipped her as the winner already. @rupertclash penned: "@jaydeadams Babes I’ve seen your moves in ‘We Are England’ and there’s no way you’re not gonna win. I’m going to go put money on it right now." "@jaydeadams Ohhhh Myyyy Goddddd, I'm screaming! I don't even know you and I feel like my best friend has won the lottery!  You Legend You!  Go get 'em!" @Loulabellatron posted. @rosejohnno tweeted: "@jaydeadams OH MY GOD INCREDIBLE!!!!" Viewers are eagerly awaiting this year's series, which is set to return next month. The BBC are releasing the line-up slowly, with five of the famous faces now revealed. Strictly Come Dancing has also announced that the live crowd will return from the first episode, after this wasn't consistently possible last year due to Covid. Popular dancers Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec have now left the show, and four new professionals will join. Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One in September. 