Sharon Stone has revealed a younger man dumped her when he found out she didn’t get Botox. The Basic Instinct actress, 64, refuses to get any facial injections since she suffered a near-fatal stroke back in 2001. “There were periods in the super fame when I got Botox and filler and stuff, and then I had this massive stroke and a nine-day brain haemorrhage and I had to have over 300 shots of Botox and filler to make the one side of my face come up again,” Sharon told Vogue Arabia. The star said the ordeal changed cosmetic surgery in her eyes from “cute luxury to some kind of massive, painful neurological need.” She continued to explain that she was in a relationship with a younger man, and he asked if she used the anti wrinkle injection Botox. “It would probably be really good for your ego and mine if I did,” Sharon replied. “I saw him one more time after that and then he wasn’t interested in seeing me anymore. “If you don’t see me for more than that, you’ll please find your way to the exit,” she added. Sharon’s last known relationship was with mysterious rapper RMR, who is 26, though it’s unclear if this was the man she was referring to. The former couple were said to be dating “for several months” last year. A source told Page Six: “She’s definitely having a hot girl summer. “They were together hanging out with Drake’s [artist] PND, and they were canoodling and popping bottles. “They were dancing to hip-hop. Chris Brown was also there.” The insider claimed RMR thought Sharon was “cool as f***”. Speaking about her brain haemorrhage in an interview with the LA Times in 2017, Sharon said: “It was a massive nine-day brain bleed. “I called my mom. And I said: 'Mum i’m calling you from the emergency room' and she said: ‘Oh honey'. And I said: ‘I’m having a brain haemorrhage’," she said on an Oprah Masterclass video back in 2014. "I was being wheeled down the hallway at one point on a gurney and I woke up and I was like what’s going on. And this young intern said: I’m taking you to surgery ... It’s exploratory brain surgery.” After Sharon negotiated with the doctor, they reportedly chose a different method for finding out how bad the brain bleed was. Instead of brain surgery, she received an angiogram to find out exactly what was wrong with her. After Sharon’s angiography, the doctors decided what to do next. Stone recalled: “Everybody got together and they decided: the most advanced technique and the most modern thing was the 22 platinum coils in my head in replace of the artery. “I woke up finding out that this is what had happened and then I had to learn to walk, hear, write, talk, remember, and everything, all over again. I thought that I was dying for a long time, even after I came home.” Following the ordeal, Sharon went on a two-year hiatus from acting although she didn't recover fully for another seven years.