Tottenham are set to sanction the exits of two peripheral stars on Tuesday with Sergio Reguilon and Harry Winks jetting off to Spain and Italy to put the final touches on their respective moves. Transfer chief Fabio Paratici's work isn't done there, however, with two more key tasks to complete before the summer window slams shut on Thursday evening. Both Winks and Reguilon have found themselves crowded out under Antonio Conte in north London. The former has been with Spurs since the age of six but the arrival of fresh midfield competition in Rodrigo Bentancur and Yves Bissouma has left him out in the cold. Reguilon's Tottenham career started with a sequence of positive performances but Conte's selection choices have made it clear that he does not value him as an option at left wing-back. Ryan Sessegnon and Ivan Perisic are already vying for the solitary spot with the Spaniard's game time sure to suffer if he sticks around. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims that both Winks and Reguilon will leave Spurs today with the Englishman due in Sampdoria and his Spanish counterpart expected at Atletico Madrid. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer news LIVE: Antony announcement, Ten Hag 'rejected', De Jong in England Reguilon has a vacancy to fill at Atletico after left-back option Renan Lodi's switch to Nottingham Forest. Winks, meanwhile, will hope to replicate the other English players to have enjoyed success after trading the familiarity of the Premier League for Serie A. Both moves are expected to be season-long loan deals. Paratici still has two points on his to-do list to cross off before Thursday's transfer deadline. Moving on Bryan Gil is one of them with the youngster not deemed ready to play a prominent role in Conte's squad. DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit Before sanctioning his departure to Valencia on a second successive loan spell, however, the Spurs hierarchy are keen to bring in a more experienced winger as his replacement. Leeds United star Daniel James is the prime candidate to step in, with Everton also considering the possibility of a loan with an option to buy. Leeds only signed James last summer in a £25million deal from Manchester United and he has featured in three of the Whites' four Premier League matches so far this term. His first season at Elland Road saw him put together a respectable haul of four goals and four assists, which was seemingly enough to perk Tottenham's attention.  Signing a winger and offloading Gil should, in theory, cap off a busy summer for Spurs who have been ruthless and efficient in completing the squad transformation Conte desired. A blend of youth and experience are bedding in at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and they even found time to look ahead to next summer with Destiny Udogie snapped up and then loaned back to Udinese. A host of fringe stars have been axed from the squad with Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso and Joe Rodon among those to have left on loan. Steven Bergwijn yielded the biggest outgoing transfer fee this summer, rejoining Ajax in a £26.4m deal.