Coronation Street matriarch Yasmeen Nazir (played by Shelley King) was horrified when she learned Stu (Bill Fellows) had spent 27 years in prison for the murder of a woman. Yasmeen was herself a victim of abuse and was tormented by ex-husband Geoff Metcalfe (Ian Bartholomew) so didn't want to hear Stu's excuses as he tried to protest his innocence. In coming episodes, Yasmeen's grandson Zeedan (Qasim Akhtar) begins to investigate Stu and realises he may be telling the truth. As he does some digging, will he find Stu is covering for someone close to him? Next week, Zeedan learns from Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) the detective who was accused of persecution took early retirment, and he asks for more information. Zeedan heads to the prison soon after to visit Stu and hear his side of the story. Stu explains there are case files which could prove his innocence and Zeedan promises to find them. The Speed Daal owner heads to the soliticor's office where he asks Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) for help. READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview Yasmeen is furious when she learns of Zeedan's betrayal but he presses on with his mission. Adam later meets with Zeedan and confirms they can see Stu's case files but for the cost of £1200. Zeedan asks his sister Alya (Sair Khan) for help with the cost and reluctantly, she agrees. They then head to Adam's steeling themselves for what they might learn about Stu. Coronation Street fans have been quick to come up with their theories about Stu's crime with some certain he took the blame for a family member. Discussing the storyline on Reddit, user CometStorm86 posted: "There's no way that they're going to have us meet a down-and-out but generally decent enough character and give him an immediate redemption arc only to make him a genuine murderer. "I know with Geoff they made us think he was a happy go lucky everyone's friend kind of guy and being the dad of Tim he HAD to be nice, only for him to not be. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Faye Windass opens up on 'challenging' health plot [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Leanne fights for her life after attack [THEORY]Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [THEORY] "But with Stu I very much doubt he did it, and very much on the daughter being the one who did it, hence why he sees Kelly as a surrogate daughter and tries to protect or at least be there for her." Aggie_Smythe agreed: "I was firmly in the “he’s covering for Bridget” camp, but I don’t understand why, if that is the case, he didn’t spill to Yasmeen at last night’s crucial point, instead of burbling on about a bent copper forcing a fake confession out of him by way of throwing a half-eaten sandwich crust at him for food. "27 years in prison seems a lot to acquiesce to, simply through tiredness and want of food." They added they felt Stu's daughter Bridget also didn't look old enough to have killed someone. They continued: "Bridget looked to be in her thirties when she rejected him on her doorstep, so even if Stu had literally just come out of prison yesterday, and had been put inside within a few days of the murder, she would have been 12 or 13, tops, when it happened. "Unless she was a teenage ‘Orrible ‘Ope, who killed the waitress because she blamed her for taking her dad away from her and her mum, I can’t see how the ages fit. User xar-brin-0709 continued: "But the fact he sees Kelly of all kids as a daughter - Kelly who contributed to someone's murder - makes me think this is about his daughter not wife." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.