Garner had one of Hollywood's happiest and longest-lasting marriages, tying the knot with Lois Josephine Fleischman Clarke in 1956, just fourteen days after meeting at party. They remained together until his death in 2014. On screen, he shared love scenes with the glamorous and gorgeous likes of Natalie Wood, Eve Marie Saint, Kim Novak and Lee Remick. But he once revealed that two of his co-stars were far sexier than any others. Garner said: "Playing a love scene with either of them is duck soup because they communicate something sexy which means I also let myself go somewhat and that really makes a love scene work." Both stars have always had a reputation for being rather clean-cut, although one famously tried to rebel against her public images with a series of topless roles. But Garner had no doubt when he said: "I've had to play love scenes with a lot of screen ladies, but of all the women I've had to be intimate with on the screen, I'd rate two as sexiest by far - Doris and Julie Andrews, both of them notorious girls next door." And he explained raved about one, in particular. He added: "Doris didn't play sexy, she didn't act sexy, she was sexy. And then she could take a sexy scene and make you laugh. Which is better in the bedroom than a lot of things. "And Doris was a joy to work with. Everything she did seemed effortless. She's so sweet and so professional - she made everyone around her look good. "I think Doris is a very sexy lady who doesn't know how sexy she is. That's an integral part of her charm... I don't think she could have had the success she's had if she didn't have this sexy whirlpool frothing around underneath her All-American-girl exterior." DON'T MISSElvis went on Frank Sinatra's show and slept with his girlfriendElvis' death to funeral hour by hour: Dad Vernon's 'wracking sobs'Elvis and Ann-Margret 'Our love was an uncontrollable force' In response, in her biography, Doris Day: Her Own Story, she said: "Jim and I worked together only twice, in Move Over, Darling and The Thrill of It All. He's so good at what he does... I felt married. "We didn't see each other much over the following years, but we've stayed friends because we talk on the phone regularly. I don't know how, because Jim hates the telephone. I usually have to call him. "Can't you pick up a phone?" I say, but he just grumbles." She also described the horrifying moment her co-star broke two of her ribs on set filming Move Over Darling. Day said: "We had fun. He's a marvellous actor. He's very real when he talks to you. He's so funny and so nice, I just love him. Even though he broke two of my ribs. Jim, if we don't speak for a while, I forgive you for breaking my ribs. Both of them. Don't give it another thought." Garner was devastated when he realised how badly he had hurt Day during a comedy scene where they tussle, especially because the actress didn't tell him. Shooting subsequent scenes, he felt heavy bandages under her costume and discovered he had cracked two of her ribs when he grabbed her the day before. It was typical of Day that she had not made a fuss and had immediately returned to work, even though she later confessed in her official 1976 biography Her Own Story that it was difficult to breathe and excruciating to laugh.