West Ham have been unsuccessful in their bid to steal Sporting Lisbon star Matheus Nunes from the grasp of Chelsea and Liverpool. The midfielder reportedly turned down a move to the Hammers, though a switch to the Premier League could still be on the cards. Nunes has plenty of suitors, and many sat up and took notice of the 23-year-old last year after he received high praise from Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola. The Spaniard somewhat surprisingly claimed: “I would say that Matheus Nunes is one of the best players in the world today.” Nunes made 33 appearances for Sporting last season, scoring three and assisting two, though it is believed that the Portugal international could record higher tallies than that if deployed in a more attacking role. West Ham also shared that vision, but their £25million bid for the playmaker has been turned down, according to the Daily Mail. The ambitious offer was declined, with Sporting only willing to entertain offers of at least £42m. READ MORE: Tottenham target Depay 'pauses' Juventus transfer Nunes is also thought to have ‘made it clear’ that he did not want to join West Ham, though remains keen on a move to the Premier League this summer. The midfielder also rejected a move to Wolves earlier this summer. Chelsea are thought to have registered their interest in Nunes, though Thomas Tuchel’s side are in the market for a more creative playmaker. Liverpool have also been keen on the former Estoril star previously, though withdrew from the race despite their mounting injury woes. READ MOREChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham dealMan Utd and Chelsea have potential transfer openings blocked after Barcelona development Jurgen Klopp’s side are currently without Thiago Alcantara, Curtis Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, meaning that he is short of numbers in the centre of the park. However, Klopp has decided to put his faith in his current options. He said: “If the right player was available and the opportunity was there, we would have done it. We have had a lot of conversations already and it doesn't look like anything will happen. “I'm happy with the strength and quality of my squad. But we have injuries and now it is a question of how long they will be out. There are different solutions for it, one of them is the transfer market. Transfer market only makes sense if you can bring in the right player.” It remains to be seen whether West Ham have an alternative target lined up following their rejection from Nunes. David Moyes’ side previously missed out on signing Amadou Onana from Lille, who opted to join Everton at the eleventh hour.