Jamie Arnold was caught on CCTV as he swore at Ferdinand and taunted him with obscene signs and monkey gestures, jurors were told. The former defender was working as a pundit for BT Sport at a Wolves vs Man Utd game in May 2021. The eagerly awaited fixture at Wolves’ Molineux ground was one of the first to be attended by supporters following the pandemic. Arnold, 32, targeted Ferdinand as he celebrated a Man Utd goal, Wolverhampton Crown Court heard. Ferdinand told the jury he had “jovial banter” with some fans at the game but it soon became “more serious and aggressive.” He said: “There was a feeling of excitement obviously, as there hadn’t been many games played for a long period of time due to Covid. It was quite jovial." “As normal there’s always a bit of banter at whichever stadium you go to." “That’s the toing and froing of football matches." “That’s what you expect. They give you loads of stick. It’s part of it." “It was just a little bit more serious this time. Obviously, you see pockets of fans and usually it’s more light-hearted." “This was more serious, more aggressive, the body-language was different." “There was more pointing and focusing on me. This was directed firmly at me and fixated.” The abuse from Arnold, including obscene gestures, lasted for most of the first half, Ferdinand said. “It was more aggressive which is what stood out to me,” he added." “Some of the people around him were telling him to calm down.” CCTV footage played to the jury showed Arnold appearing to mimic a monkey by putting his hands under his armpits and jumping around. The actions were “clearly intended to be racist,” said Jason Aris, prosecuting. People who were at the match heard this defendant shout, ‘Rio, you f***ing monkey.'" “Supporters who witnessed this were appalled, they were disgusted by the defendant’s behaviour,” said Mr Aris. Arnold also launched a barrage of abuse at referee Mike Dean calling him a “f***ing gay boy,” he added. “Supporters were uncomfortable by what they heard,” Mr Aris said. “He was definitely under the influence of alcohol.  He was slurring his words and uneasy on his feet.” Arnold was arrested during the game and later charged with causing racially aggravated harassment, alarm or distress. Mr Aris told the jury: “Upon being cautioned, he said, ‘I knew the moment I’d done it, I’d been stupid.’” Arnold, of Norton Bridge, Staffs, denies the charge. The Premier League had suspended fixtures in March 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic, Mr Aris said. But home supporters with season tickets were later allowed to attend games, he added. “Sunday, May 23, 2021 should have been a joyous day for football fans in Wolverhampton as they welcomed back supporters to the club,” Mr Aris said. “The match was one that was, I’m sure, was eagerly anticipated by football fans who had not been able to attend a match for in excess of 15 months.” He added: “This was a time for joy and celebration as people could once again watch what is colloquially known as the beautiful game."  “Unfortunately, things became somewhat soured during the course of the match." “They were soured by the virtue of the fact that this defendant Jamie Arnold was in attendance.” Ferdinand had laughed off some “good natured banter” from a group of Wolves fans who spotted him in the gantry, Mr Aris said. But the former player was then targeted by Arnold, he added. “Mr Ferdinand noticed this defendant was focusing all of his attention on him.  He was giving hand gestures and jumping up and down and misbehaving himself. “Mr Ferdinand, being the professional that he is, chose to ignore this behaviour.” But Arnold continued making gestures and shouting abuse, jurors were told. Mr Aris said Arnold “had not been there to behave himself” or “watch the football and enjoy the day.” The trial continues.