Chelsea are facing having to pay Brighton’s £50million asking price in full if they are to sign Marc Cucurella this summer. The Blues have failed in their opening offer for the Spain international and have been informed Brighton will not accept a player-plus-cash proposal, Express Sport understands. Chelsea offered to include in-demand teenager Levi Colwill as part of their negotiations with Brighton on Monday. However, the Seagulls responded by demanding Cucurella’s £50m valuation is met by their Premier League counterparts. It is understood Brighton are interested in exploring the possibility of signing Colwill, but only in a separate deal to their discussions regarding Cucurella. That means Chelsea will have to match their club-record fee spent on a defender, having signed Ben Chilwell from Leicester for £50m in 2020. Cucurella, who arrived in an £18m deal from Getafe only last summer, excelled in a left wing-back role for Graham Potter’s side and was ever-present for the south coast outfit in the league last season. READ MORE: Chelsea target would be ‘off his head’ to make Blues transfer The Spaniard also proved his versatility by deputising in the back three as a centre-half. It is his positional variety which makes him an attractive option for Tuchel, who is keen to add another left-sided player to his backline amid interest from Barcelona in Marcos Alonso. The Blues have hijacked Manchester City’s move for the defender after the Premier League champions cooled their interest in Cucurella, having also quoted the same amount for the highly-rated wing-back. Pep Guardiola had been keen to add the Barcelona academy graduate to his squad as a replacement for Oleksandr Zinchenko, who departed for Arsenal in a £35m deal. But with City’s offer of £30m being knocked back by Brighton, they are prepared to move on to other targets. DON'T MISSCucurella's preference as Chelsea 'look to hijack Man City deal'Chelsea boss Tuchel makes desperate 'Josko Gvardiol phone call'Chelsea 'hold meeting' for Man Utd target Sesko Chelsea, however, are reportedly willing to meet Brighton’s demands for Cucurella, although it remains to be seen whether they would entertain selling Colwill without signing a replacement. The 19-year-old is wanted by several Premier League clubs after making a huge impression on loan at Huddersfield last season and is expected to be a member of the first-team squad this season. The young centre-back has also received a glowing endorsement by Chelsea legend John Terry, who has pleaded with Thomas Tuchel to hand the Cobham graduate a chance. But Colwill has only featured once in pre-season — a brief cameo against Charlotte FC — after picking up a knock and faces an uncertain period before the transfer deadline at the end of the month. Tuchel is keen to add at least one more defender to his squad, with Leicester’s Wesley Fofana on his radar. RB Leipzig’s Josko Gvardiol is also a target for the German tactician, although the Bundesliga club are unwilling to discuss a sale.