Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is poised to miss out on the signing of Valencia midfielder Carlos Soler, with Paris Saint-Germain reportedly set to bring the Spaniard to Ligue 1 before Thursday's all-important deadline. The Reds are said to have made a late return to the market in search of midfield reinforcements to aid their ongoing injury crisis, with the likes of Thiago Alcantara, Naby Keita, Curtis Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain all sidelined as things stand. Soler was initially linked with a potential move to Liverpool towards the end of last season after turning down a renewal at Valencia back in January. It seems as though PSG have gained the upper hand in terms of securing his signature, though, with Liverpool set to be forced to look elsewhere to land a new midfielder before the summer window finally closes.PSG are close to finalising a move for Soler, who is firmly expected to join the French heavyweights over the coming days, according to transfer expert Ekrem Konur. Soler is reportedly in line to become PSG's sixth signing of the window following the prior arrivals of Vitinha, Nuno Mendes, Fabian Ruiz, Renato Sanches, Nordi Mukiele and Hugo Ekitike at the Parc des Princes.The Valencia man is poised to sign a five-year contract with PSG, with Goal having claimed that a medical has already been pencilled in for Wednesday. Soler is set to move for a transfer fee in the region of £17million, with Valencia's current financial situation playing a role in their decision to let him leave for a cut-price figure. JUST IN: Brexit stops Fulham making exciting Justin Kluivert signing Meanwhile, it seems as though Liverpool will be made to chase their other midfield targets between now and Thursday's deadline, with a move for Soler now off the table unless a late hitch emerges to scupper his expected move to PSG. The Reds have been linked with a large number of high-profile names since the end of last season but are yet to bring in a new first-choice central midfielder in spite of their dire need for reinforcements in the engine room.Liverpool manager Klopp revealed earlier this month that he is actively looking to sign a new player in the position as a result of the club's injury problems but insisted that panic-buying is not an option for the Reds, who registered their first Premier League win of the season with a 9-0 thrashing of Bournemouth over the weekend. "I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder, and you were all right and I was wrong, that’s the situation," Klopp told reporters when quizzed on the possibility of dipping back into the transfer market at short notice."But the specific point doesn’t change, we will do something but it has to be the right one. We are actually working constantly on these things, sometimes too expensive, sometimes not the right player, sometimes the situation changes."We are working and will see if something will happen or not, I don’t know. We are looking and if it is the right player we need him, if it is not the right player we don’t need him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.