Olivia Newton-John died peacefully surounded by her friends and family in southern Caliornia at the age of 73. Her husband John Easterling has paid a touching tribute to his late wife as he addressed the love the couple shared. Olivia's husband described his other half as a "brave and courageous woman" as he talked of finding the time to heal the "pain and holes in my heart". Using the Grease actress's Instagram account, he began: "Olivia... "Our love for each other transcends our understanding. Every day we expressed our gratitude for this love that could be so deep, so real, so natural. We never had to ‘work’ on it. "We were in awe of this great mystery and accepted the experience of our love as past, present and forever. READ MORE: EastEnders star Michelle Collins weds beau, 38, as she forgoes dress "At Olivia’s deepest essence she was a healer using her mediums of song, of words, of touch. She was the most courageous woman I’ve ever known. "Her bandwidth for genuinely caring for people, for nature and all creatures almost eclipses what is humanely possible. It is only the grace of God that has allowed me to share the depth and passion of her being for so long. "In her most difficult times she always had the spirit, the humor, and the will power to move things into the light. "Even now as her soul soars, the pain and holes in my heart are healed with the joy of her love and the light that shines forward.   "Our family deeply appreciates the vast ocean of love and support that has come our way." He signed off: "Onward Ho, John Easterling." John's candid post comes after the actress's partner announced the news of her death in a statement released earlier this week. A statement from her official Facebook page read: “Dame Olivia Newton-John (73) passed away peacefully at her Ranch in Southern California this morning, surrounded by family and friends. DON'T MISS... EastEnders star Michelle Collins weds beau, 38, as she forgoes dress[LATEST]Nicola Peltz breaks silence on relationship with Victoria Beckham[UPDATES]Meghan Markle's wedding sparked 'nightmare' for former Suits co-star[ROYALS] “We ask that everyone please respect the family’s privacy during this very difficult time.” Olivia's battle with breast cancer first began in 1992 when she was just 44 years old. She was very open about her diagnosis and treatment, which famously included the use of medical marijuana. Her cancer returned in 2013 and again in 2017. In March 2018, she gave an update on her condition, saying she felt "really good". Despite the impact of the disease on Olivia's health, she kept touring which included the US in the same year. John wrote: "Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer. "Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer." 