Gutter cleaning is the process of removing anything that builds up within the gutters to ensure the free movement of water into the downpipes. Gutters which are blocked can cause a number of problems to your home including damp, mould, leaks as well as roof damage. To avoid this, Britons should clean out their guttering as soon as possible. An expert from Toolstation explained: “Gutters should be cleaned out and checked for damage each year. “It’s always best to wear sturdy work gloves to avoid scraping your hands on tough or rusty edges or on tiles or slates. “You’ll need a ladder, protective gloves, a small trowel, a bucket and a piece of hardboard or a large rag.” The expert said a hosepipe could be useful if you are not in a hosepipe ban area. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients To clean an overflowing gutter, start by putting the piece of hardboard at the bottom of the downpipes. This will prevent debris from getting into the gully or drain which could cause a blockage. The expert added: “Then scoop out any debris with the trowel and take care to not let anything drop into the downpipe. “Try to avoid debris falling down the walls because it may cause stains that could be hard to remove. DON'T MISS:How to prune all plants ‘effectively’ to ‘encourage’ growth [COMMENT]‘Effective’ homemade mulches which ‘won’t cost you anything to make’ [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninspiring’ home for £8.5k [VIDEO] “Remove the hardboard or rag and pour down three or four buckets of water slowly into the gutter at the furthest end of the downpipe. “You could use a hosepipe to lead water there too. The water should flow quickly and smoothly to the downpipe, leaving the gutter empty.” If a pool of water remains, the gutter may need realigning to a correct angle. If the water leaks through cracks of bad joints, Britons may also need to repair the gutter. READ MORE: How to get rid of summer pests including ants and fruit flies The expert added: “If the water starts to overflow at the downpipes, the pipe will need cleaning out.” A Home Insurance expert from Confused.com also recommended inspecting roof tiles and pruning trees ahead of heavy rain. Jessica Willock said: “The recent heatwave sparked safety concerns as temperatures climbed above 30C. “Now storm and flash flood warnings in some areas of the UK means damage to our homes and gardens may occur, with fallen trees, water damage and defects to property exteriors. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "This is because there has been an increase in urban populations, meaning that there are more roads, less open ground and fewer gardens. So, during heavy downpours, drainage systems are more likely to be overwhelmed. “More than one in 10 (11 percent) Brits admit that they’re confused about what precautions they can take to protect their homes from these extreme weather and flooding conditions. “It’s important to carry out routine home maintenance, such as clearing gutters, inspecting roof tiles, and pruning trees.” Not only will this reduce damage, but it could also prevent insurance claims from being refused because of wear and tear before the flood took place.