Last month, biographer Tom Bower released his latest book, titled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors. The author previously claimed that his tell-all book would include “extraordinary information” about Meghan Markle's rise from Hollywood to royalty. Speaking on 60 Minutes Australia, the former talk show host discussed Tom Bower's book and his various "potshots" on the Duchess of Sussex in his latest release. Ms Goddard said: "'For f***s sake!', here we go again", adding that the spitefulness is "boring". The former talk show host said: "In the US, people really like them [Meghan and Harry]. "People can't understand what's going on in Britain, other than snobbishness. "[and] I am pretty sure [that] there's a lot of that going on." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Mortified' Kate left red-faced after Meghan's bombshell revelations She claims that "you certainly can't blame them" for deciding to remain in the US, rather than return to Windsor. Ms Goddard notes that the couple have "successfully sued" various publications. She added that she "can't blame them" if they chose to remain the US for the "foreseeable future". The unofficial biography makes a set of bombshell claims about the rift between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Royal Family. READ MORE: Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life' after 'dumbfounded' meeting Mr Bower has claimed that he decided to pen the book after the Sussexes interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. Ms Goddard also previously spoke to ITV's royal editor Chris Ship on his documentary, ‘Harry and Meghan: The Week That Shook The Royals’ about the couple. At the time, Ms Goddard said: “This is not just racism, but snobbishness. DON'T MISS  “The Americans think they had their own princess who went overseas and married a prince, that fairytale thing. “And now it looks like she wasn’t good enough for them." Meghan officially joined the Royal Family in 2018, upon marrying Prince Harry. Since their royal exit in early 2020, the couple began a new life in the US, along with their two children. READ NEXT: