Kaleb Cooper, 24, became an overnight sensation after becoming the favourite on Jeremy Clarkson's hit Amazon Prime series, Clarkson's Farm. The farmer has taken to Instagram to share with his followers his latest accident that has left the prints on his fingertips "completely burned off". Kaleb took to his Instagram story on Sunday night to share news of the accident in view of his 1.1 million followers. The farmer shared a picture of his fingers covered in what looks like Sudocrem, along with the message: "Note to self always check if a cup is microwavable first. Ouch." He then shared a blurry selfie of himself, explaining what had happened and the result of the painful mishap. Kaleb wrote: "Just been thinking. Won't be able to get my fingerprints done for a while. Completely been burnt off." (sic) READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims Kaleb was brought on to the Cotswolds farm as an experienced farmer to help the hapless Jeremy learn how to run the farm. Kaleb recently claimed that he was the "real boss" of the show, adding: "It’s Kaleb’s Farm, secretly." Speaking to The Times, Kaleb said that despite Jeremy referring to him as a "tractor driver", he’s far more. He declared: "He referred to me as a tractor driver. That’s f***ing s**t – I’m a farm manager. I’m the boss. It’s Kaleb’s Farm, secretly." The farmer took to social media earlier this month to announce his latest career move, away from the farm. The 24-year-old gushed about his book titled, The World According to Kaleb, as he received the first chapter. Taking to Instagram stories, he said: "Look what I've got today. The first chapter of my book 'bladder'. I don't know how to say it. My agent did tell me. 'Blad'... I think. "It's 'blad.' The first chapter of my book. It's getting close people. October 13. I'm so excited." DON'T MISS... Prince Harry slammed by Karren Brady over private jet flight [OPINION] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [ROYAL] Lizzo makes bold statement in billowing navy gown at MTV VMAs 2022 [PICS] Moments later he explained he received a telling-off from his agent. "Just been told off. It's a 'blad' everyone. You know, the first chapter of a book. A blad, it's going to come out soon," he mused. The Chipping Norton star's new book aims to give a candid insight into Kaleb's world as he shares his thoughts on a myriad of topics. From capital cities, to famous stars and life working on a farm, the book aims to shed a light on the farmer's down-to-earth nature and prepares to make readers laugh out loud. The filming for series two of Clarkson's Farm finished earlier this month, with Jeremy confirming the news to a fan. However, he remained tight-lipped about exact dates, but it seems fans will soon be able to tune in and catch up on all the latest from the Oxfordshire farm. Jeremy announced on Instagram last year that a second season of the show had been given the green light. In a short video posted by the presenter, he said: "Following the success of the first series, I'm delighted to say that there will be a second series of Clarkson's Farm."