David Beckham, 47, has mocked his wife Victoria, 48, joking that she is “getting old” due to her surprising new purchase. The former Posh Spice bought a light to help her read her books at nighttime. Posting a video of Victoria looking decidedly youthful in a bodycon dress, David said: “My wife is getting old…” Victoria protested: “I’m not getting old!” David continued: “Someone has just bought a light off Amazon so she can read her book.” Victoria interjected: “At night!” “How old are you?” her ex-footballer husband jokingly asked. As he posted the video in view of his 74.9million followers, he hinted that he was more interested in how Victoria looked in her skintight dress. “@victoriabeckham BODY … I wasn’t really interested in the light …#VBBODY But now u mention it a book with a light on it really ?...I need one,” he penned, alongside a peach emoji, alluding to fashion designer Victoria’s behind. She wrote in the comments: “Is it just me?!? Can anyone read in the dark David?! by the way… What are you reading??” The couple’s son Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and his wife Nicola Peltz, 27, have finally addressed claims they are feuding with Victoria. Nicola, whose father is billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz, believes the widely circulating rumours began when she failed to wear a Victoria Beckham dress at her lavish multimillion dollar wedding. Instead, she wore a Valentino couture gown, with many perceiving this as a snub against her mother-in-law. In a new interview, actress Nicola has admitted she did initially plan to wear one of Victoria’s designs. DON'T MISS...Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [TV] 'Nipple popped out' Love Island star Ekin-Su's 'wardrobe malfunction' [PICTURES] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] “I was going to and I really wanted to, and then a few months down the line, she realised that her atelier couldn’t do it, so then I had to pick another dress,” she said. “She didn’t say you can’t wear it; I didn’t say I didn’t want to wear it. That’s where it started, and then they ran with that.” Meanwhile, Brooklyn insisted there was no bad blood at all. “I’ve learned they’re always going to try to write stuff like that. They’re always going to try and put people down. But everyone gets along, which is good,” he told Variety. It had been recently reported that Victoria and her husband David Beckham were considering moving to America to be close to Brooklyn and Nicola, particularly if they welcomed what would be the famous couple’s first grandchild. The source told Closer: “Vic’s biggest fear is not having a relationship with her first grandchild. “She doesn’t really know what’s happened between her and Nicola and dearly wants to make it right before the issue deepens even further. The source then continued to tell Closer that Victoria “feels like her worst nightmare is coming true” and that her “family is drifting apart”. Express.co.uk has reached out to Victoria Beckham, Brooklyn and Nicola’s representatives for comment.