Manchester United are set to enter a meeting to decide Alejandro Garnacho’s immediate future, it has been claimed. The Argentina winger was the best player on the pitch during the Red Devils’ 1-1 draw with Rayo Vallecano on Sunday. And he impressed new boss Erik ten Hag, who waxed lyrical over the 18-year-old after the showdown at Old Trafford. Manchester United were forced to settle for a draw against Rayo Vallecano, with the fixture coming just 24 hours after they’d been beaten by Atletico Madrid in Norway. But while Cristiano Ronaldo struggled in attack, Garnacho had no such problems. The 18-year-old was a constant threat throughout the game, producing an electric display that showed why he’s so highly-rated at Old Trafford. And Fabrizio Romano, writing for CaughtOffside, has claimed United are set to hold a meeting with Garnacho’s agent once they resolve Ronaldo’s situation. The meeting will apparently be to decide on what’s best for the teenager. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Garnacho could end up staying at United, especially if they fail to acquire a new forward. Antony and Benjamin Sesko, of Ajax and Red Bull Salzburg respectively, are players of interest. United also plan to offer their talented teenager a fresh contract, too, to ward off interest from potential suitors. And they’re hopeful Garnacho will decide to hang around the long term, especially given his vast potential and talent. Regarding Ronaldo, the Portugal international cut an anonymous figure as the Red Devils drew on Sunday. The 37-year-old was making his first appearance of pre-season, having missed the club’s tour of Thailand and Australia. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Yet Ronaldo lasted just 45 minutes before being hooked by Ten Hag, with Amad then coming on his place. The Ivory Coast international is another player who could leave on loan, especially after enduring a difficult time at Rangers last term. But Amad impressed against Vallecano, taking his goal well to get fans inside Old Trafford on their feet celebrating. Garnacho, meanwhile, was hailed by Ten Hag when the United boss was asked to give his verdict on the club’s pre-season so far. "Overall, definitely [happy with pre-season], I think we make a good pre-season and we make good progress," Ten Hag told MUTV. "We are ready for the season, but I know there is still a lot of room for improvement and we have to improve. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "That is also a process that continues in the season, but for next week it’s about the result as well. It [team selection] was a mixture of experience and youth, some guys met each other for the first time today, so what can you expect? "You saw the attitude was great, they fought and worked for each other and it was positive. “We created a lot of chances, okay, we also conceded chances, but I think we have to be satisfied with the performance. "We want to give the young players who deserve a chance the opportunity to play. He [Garnacho] showed himself during pre-season and that’s why he played. He played pretty well and his performance was really good." And veteran goalkeeper Tom Heaton was also blown away by Garnacho’s display. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I think today there was a few really good performances,” he said. |I thought Garnacho was outstanding down the left-hand side. “So yeah, good for him to get a good run-out, I'm sure the manager is impressed with him among others, there were plenty of good performances but it's just taking the opportunity when it comes for the young lads." Garnacho will be hoping to feature when United lock horns with Brighton in their Premier League opener on Sunday. The Red Devils lost 4-0 at the Amex Stadium under Ralf Rangnick last term. However, they did beat Brighton 2-0 on home turf thanks to goals from Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here