Fulham have trolled Jurgen Klopp after the Liverpool boss suggested the pitch at Craven Cottage was too “dry” during his side’s visit. The Reds twice came from behind to claim a 2-2 draw in west London as they flattered to deceive during their Premier League opener. After the match, Klopp cut a frustrated figure as he attempted to explain his team’s underwhelming performance. “The result is not a defeat - but the performance was a defeat,” the German said. “I don’t want to take anything away from Fulham, they did really well. We wanted to fight back but you don't fight it easy anymore. The pitch was dry, stuff like this. We played into their cards.” Klopp’s comments drew plenty of attention and clearly struck a nerve with Fulham as the club took to Twitter on Sunday morning to post a picture of their 'luscious-looking turf' being watered by a myriad of sprinklers. “The Craven Cottage turf looking absolutely lush yesterday,” wrote the club. And they finished their post with an emoji of splashing water. Football fans across the world clearly saw the funny side of the post as it received 4,500 retweets and 38,000 likes three hours after it was posted. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer    Fulham secured their place back in the Premier League with four matches of the Championship season remaining last time around as they defeated Preston 3-0 in April. The Cottagers then claimed the Championship title when they thrashed Luton 7-0 in their penultimate game of the season. But the west London club have been tipped to struggle in the Premier League this season and are among the favourites to be relegated. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener   Fulham have an ace in their pack, however, in the form of prolific goalscorer Aleksandar Mitrovic. The Serbia international bagged a record 43 Championship goals during the last campaign and got off the mark with a brace against the Reds. He powered a header into the roof of the net during the first half before adding a second from the penalty spot with 18 minutes remaining. But his efforts weren’t enough to hand his team victory as Darwin Nunez scored on his Premier League debut in between Mitrovic’s strikes before Mohamed Salah netted late on to spare his side’s blushes. Klopp was in no mood to celebrate the late leveller after the full-time whistle, however, as he took his players to task. “We got a point from a really bad game from my side,” he said. “It's a question now, how can that happen? I said already to my colleagues, the attitude was not right in the beginning.” 