The 24-year-old victim is said to have reported the attack to police. A man has been arrested following her claims. She says she was forced to engage in sexual acts by her assailant. The attack took place near a bar in Paleros, a Greek town known locally as Zaverda. Paleros is located in the Akti-Vonitsa region to the west of Greece. According to local media, the assailant was physically violent with the victim. The Akti-Vonitsa Police Department launched a manhunt after the crime was reported. A 26-year-old man was then arrested and taken into custody within the region. He has been charged with rape. The suspect is due to appear at the First Instance Prosecutor’s Office in Lefkada, Greek police said in a press statement. The victim is still to undergo a forensic examination. This comes as lawyers warned yesterday that Britain’s justice system is betraying victims of the most serious sexual crimes. The Sunday Express revealed yesterday that last week a 17-year-old girl – who claims she was sexually abused at the age of 12 – told lawyers she no longer had the strength to take part in the prosecution of her alleged abuser after her trial was once again delayed for six months because there was no available judge. The girl, described as “vulnerable” and from “troubled domestic circumstances”, was one of four who told police in 2020 they had been sexually abused by the same individual over the previous three years. Their ages ranged from 12 to 15 when the alleged offences began. The case was repeatedly delayed, leading the girls to consider whether they wanted to continue with the case at all. Michelle Heeley QC, who leads the Midland Circuit of barristers, courts and judges, said: “I’m aware of this case, and it’s not in the least surprising. “Everyone is suffering. Defendants previously of good character are waiting years for a trial, and so are complainants who are waiting years to face the accused.” The sexual offences trial backlog is worst in the heavily-populated south east, where it has risen threefold from 456 in March 2019 to 1,444 by March 2022, This included a pre-pandemic increase of 62 percent by March 2020, figures show. Despite government claims that courts were "fully open", it increased by a further 13 percent over the last year.