Tripadvisor released its Autumn Travel Index earlier in the week, revealing over two-thirds of Britons are still hoping to travel this Autumn despite persisting living cost increases. Unsurprisingly, these rising costs are still prompting consumers to alter their spending habits, so it’s important to know how to be as savvy as possible over the next couple of months to keep up with climbing bills. There are many effective ways to cut costs when planning a holiday abroad, and using a reward credit card could be one of them. A rewards credit card works just like any other credit card, but the difference is it allows users to earn something back while they spend. These rewards usually come in the form of cashbacks or loyalty points, and there is a multitude of cards available with different schemes suitable to different individual needs. Jo Thornhill, personal finance expert at MoneySuperMarket, said: “Credit card users who are responsible with their spending and always pay off their balance in full every month could reap the benefits of a rewards credit card.  READ MORE: Brexit travel: Brits to enjoy more time in EU without charge as major  “If you are someone who shops at the same retailer regularly, or you go on holiday (and fly with a particular airline) often, then you could be saving money on purchases you would have bought anyway as the retailer will reward you for your loyalty.” Here's just how consumers can use reward credit cards to help make their money go further. The average cost of a holiday this summer came to £1,217, according to research by MoneySuperMarket. According to the Office of National Statistics (ONS), package holidays have increased as much as 19.2 percent over the past five years.  In this case, an air miles credit card could help to offset the costs of a holiday. Ms Thornhill said: “Getting a British Airways American Express Card could see you with 5,217 points if you paid for your holiday within three months of getting the card.” This is because new members are offered 5,000 bonus Avios points when they spend £1,000 in the first three months of membership. Ms Thornhill said: “You will also be able to collect one Avios point for every £1 spent and charged per transaction." On average, Avios points are each worth around £0.45, meaning cardholders could claim back approximately £2,347 worth of rewards, such as flights, hotel stays, seat upgrades, car rentals abroad and more.  DON'T MISS:Hand luggage rules: 'Cheeky' trick to travel with extra items [EXPLAINED]Hand luggage rules you need to know for laptops and phones [ANALYSIS]How to take more than 100ml of liquids in your hand luggage [INSIGHT]    Another example is the Virgin Atlantic Reward credit card, where consumers can collect 0.75 Flying Club miles for every £1 spent on everyday purchases, and 1.5 miles for every £1 spent directly with Virgin Atlantic or Virgin Holidays. This could allow consumers to collect up to 1,825 miles on their Virgin Atlantic Reward credit card if the holiday is booked directly with Virgin Atlantic. Cashback credit cards are designed for everyday spending and they can usually be used at any retailer. According to ONS, the average monthly expenditure for an individual is £1,077.70, and £2,547.57 for the average family household.  Comparing three of the most popular cashback cards available, the average amount of cashback an individual could receive annually based on the average monthly spend above is £202.07 and for a household, i£447.91, according to MoneySuperMarket. Ms Thornhill explained: “We’re all looking for ways to be savvy with our spending and reward and cashback cards could be an option if you pay your balance off in full each month. “Be careful though, because if you don’t pay off your credit card balance, the interest could quickly eclipse the value of the benefits you’ve earned. “You can compare the range of reward credit cards available at MoneySuperMarket.com to find the one that best suits your needs and that can help you to make savings on items that you plan to buy anyway.” 