Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee yesterday lost a Supreme Court bid to keep the life support going. This came after the High Court rejected a request from the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons With Disabilities to keep Archie alive so its case could be heard. The Supreme Court ruling said it was "not clear that Archie has any more extensive rights in international law" and that the decision to end treatment was not a "breach of international law". It added: “The panel reaches this conclusion with a heavy heart.” But Ms Dance said she would “fight to the bitter end”. She said the system to decide treatment options “needs reforming dramatically”. Archie’s mother has said she believes her son is making progress and that judges are wrong to argue it is not in his best interest for life support to be continued. The 12-year-old boy has been in a coma since he was found unconscious by his mother on April 7. He has not regained consciousness since this time. Following the Supreme Court ruling, it was reported Archie’s life support would be switched off at 11am on Wednesday, today. READ MORE: Recession 'coming' economist raises alarm in new forecast & chart She said this morning: “We are very relieved. We are having to battle every decision with the hospital. "We now hope and pray that the ECHR will look favourably on the application. “We will not give up on Archie until the end." DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Barts Health NHS Trust have said life support will be terminated at 11am if an application is not submitted to the ECHR in time, according to the BBC. The legal action by Archie’s parents has been supported by the Christian Legal Centre. This said the application has been be submitted “in order to give Archie more time”. Speaking about the system which she has had to battle since April, Ms Dance said: "I hope I've paved the way for any other parents that want to go up against a trust in this country and the justice system.”