Blackberries are one of the most widely grown fruits in the UK and can be found almost anywhere, from woodlands and gardens to roadside verges. Whether you eat them fresh from the brambles or cooked in fruit pies and cakes, washing the tangy berries is essential to clean away hidden pests and germs. Though a quick rinse under the tap may seem like a good way to wash the plump little fruits, one expert revealed that it is not enough for a “proper clean”, and shared her top tips on how to wash soft, ripe blackberries without squashing them. There’s nothing better than eating blackberries picked straight from the garden or foraged in the wild, but they can often be filled with bugs and worms, unlike treated supermarket fruits. While the fresh flavours and natural sweetness are unbeaten, you probably don’t want to be eating the unpleasant creatures which hide out in homegrown berries. According to Marie, a gardening expert at Delishably, the texture of blackberries makes them difficult to clean well, because if you wash them too vigorously they'll all break apart and be ruined. Luckily, she has a simple solution to get the job done without damaging fresh berries. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Once you’ve picked your blackberries, it is best to avoid snacking on them until they have been properly cleaned. Marie explained that a “good soak” is much more effective than just rinsing them in a sieve as it draws out the little bugs “hiding” in the fruit. To clean your berries, start by filling up a large bowl with cool water and gently pour the fruits in. It is important to add the blackberries after the water to avoid breaking them up with the pressure of the water. For extra cleansing, Marie recommended adding some vinegar to the bowl to sterilise the fresh berries. She said: “When I do this, I like to use apple cider vinegar, especially an organic version which is said to be a healthy and beneficial addition to our diet. “If you choose to do a water-vinegar soak, the proper proportion is three parts water to one part vinegar.” Once the vinegar is in, swirl the small fruits around the bowl using your hands, and watch the bugs float to the top of the water.  DON'T MISS:‘They drown in it’: Homemade 73p solution for killing fruit flies [INSIGHT]'Keep bananas fresh for 7 days': Handy food storage hack [ANALYSIS]‘Deadly poisonous’ plants that could be lurking in your garden [REVEAL] Brightly coloured caterpillars or other small, worm-like bugs are easy to remove from the water using a cup or sponge and are generally easy to spot against the dark blackberries. After removing the bugs, gently tip the blackberries into a sieve to get rid of the water and repeat the soaking method again. According to Marie, three soaks is the optimum amount to completely remove unwanted creatures from your blackberry harvest. Once the soaking is done, drain the berries for the final time and leave them to air-dry in the sieve. Finally, spread out some clean tea towels and carefully lay the fruits on top to remove excess moisture as they dry. Eating freshly picked blackberries in a few days is the best way to enjoy the fruit at its best, though they can be frozen to prolong their shelf life. Store clean, dry berries in an airtight container and keep them in the fridge. For a long supply beyond the harvest season, freeze berries in bags to use in home-cooking later in the year. While the berries freeze very well, they can become mushy once defrosted so will taste best in crumbles, smoothies or other blended recipes. Simply place 20-30 washed and dried berries in freezer bags and place them in a secure part of the freezer without anything on top of the soft fruits.