Over the past two years we have seen huge growth in sale prices, despite Brexit and a global health crisis. So what is next? While the honest answer is no one knows for sure, we are already starting to see changes to the market that indicate how the next couple of years could look for those buying and selling bricks and mortar. Last week the Halifax building society reported a 0.1 per cent fall in house prices - the first decline since July 2021. While we should not draw conclusions from a single month, this could be a solid sign of what is to come - especially when history has a habit of repeating itself. Following the financial crash in 2008, house prices dropped a whopping 15 per cent in just 12 months. So with the Bank of England predicting we will fall into recession later this year, it is difficult to predict anything other than property prices falling in the next 12 months. And in a market where prices go down, there will undoubtedly be winners and losers. A recession, along with higher interest rates, should increase the supply of properties and in turn push prices down in 2023. The Covid pandemic caused a so-called "race for space" driven by more people working from home and properties in rural locations becoming much more desirable. There is still a shortage of high-demand properties such as family houses available on the market, which is keeping sale prices high. In fact, the most recent Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures showed the average UK price in May was £283,000 – £32,000 up year-on-year. However, we are seeing a slight slow down for lower demand properties such as apartments and those in less desirable locations. It is likely this increased supply will unfortunately come from repossessions and job losses - a consequence of economic decline - but also homeowners coming to the end of their incredibly low fixed rates. They will then have the option of a remortgage onto a higher fixed rate or moving onto standard variable rates. This will stretch affordability even further, on top of the cost of living crisis where the soaring costs of energy, fuel and food are pushing many people to breaking point. The result of that will undoubtedly be more people looking to sell up. In isolation the situation is more promising for first-time buyers, many of whom have been priced out of the property market of late. Lower house prices mean borrowing less money and handing over smaller deposits - but buyers will have to consider rising interest rates too and the rising cost of living will make it harder to save for a deposit. First time buyers who are currently sat on deposits may well benefit from holding off purchasing a home for few months in the hope of snapping up a bargain next year if all the economic predictions are correct. We Buy Any Home is the UK’s leading home buying service, with a guarantee to purchase any property, provide a cash offer in minutes and settle funds in just seven days. For more information, visit https://www.webuyanyhome.com.