The toll of the pandemic and continuing complaints about pay and conditions have been blamed. Danny Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, said: “The NHS is hugely understaffed, fact. To the tune of 105,000 vacancies at the last count, up from 90,000 at the start of the pandemic.” Nowhere is the pinch being felt more than in nursing, a sector 43,000 staff short. Next month the Royal College of Nursing will ­ballot – and urge – hundreds of ­thousands of its members to strike over pay and conditions. It said a recently-announced pay award leaves an experienced nurse more than £1,000 worse off in real terms. It wants a five per cent above-inflation pay rise – which would be 11.8 per cent. It could be the first nursing strike in England or Wales and throw the backbone of the NHS into chaos during the depths of winter. Pat Cullen, RCN General Secretary and Chief Executive, said:  “Staff shortages are putting patient safety at risk and the Government’s failure to listen has left us with no choice but to ­advocate strike action." “A lifetime of service must never mean a lifetime of poverty." “Ministers’ refusal to recognise the skill and responsibility of the job is pushing people out of the ­profession.” The NHS now faces “the greatest workforce crisis in history” as understaffing poses a serious risk to patient safety, according to the Health and Social Care Committee. Projections suggest 475,000 more jobs will be needed in health and 490,000 in social care by the early part of the next ­decade. The powerful MPs’ ­committee is chaired by former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt who in 2015 promised to deliver 5,000 more GPs by 2020. However, the target was not met. The NHS also loses millions of days to staff sickness caused by stress and depression. Mr Hunt’s plan includes a mass overseas recruitment drive for doctors and nurses and an exemption for ­doctors to pension rules which force them to retire in their fifties. Health chiefs are set to hire nurses from India, Sri Lanka and the Philippines to tackle shortages. Dr Vishal Sharma, of the British Medical Association, said: “The new Prime Minister will be inheriting a beleaguered health service." “Unless they commit to taking urgent action, patients will get sicker and the health service will be plunged further into a crisis from which it may never recover.” The Department of Health and Social Care said: “We are growing the NHS workforce, with over 4,300 more doctors and 10,200 more nurses compared to last year. “We have commissioned NHS England to develop a long-term workforce plan to recruit staff.” An NHS spokesman said: “Our workforce has grown by more than 100,000 people over the last two years, and we are working with NHS trusts and other local health teams to further increase staffing.”