Charles Leclerc and Lewis Hamilton are different to other drivers including Max Verstappen, according to Frederic Vasseur. The Alfa Romeo boss claimed both Leclerc and Hamilton were the only drivers he has seen criticise themselves after races. Vasseur said both drivers approach self-criticism “relentlessly” even if they have won the race. In comparison, he has claimed other drivers normally just celebrate the victory. According to GP Blog, Vasseur said: "Apart from his unrivalled talent? I have only seen one other driver be so ruthless in criticising himself when his performance was below par and that was Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton and Leclerc are the only drivers I have seen in my F1 career with self-criticism, even after a win. “All the other drivers would have patted themselves on the shoulder, but these two know they should have driven better. They approach that relentlessly." Leclerc has given several honest post-race interviews and apologised to the team after his mistakes at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix and French Grand Prix earlier this season. READ MORE: Ex-Ferrari boss reveals difference between Leclerc and Schumacher The Ferrari star threw away seven points at Imola after stroking the chicane and spinning off into the barrier. But more crucially, he crashed out at Paul Ricard when seemingly on course for a victory. After his crash in France, Leclerc said: “It’s my fault and if I keep doing mistakes like this then I deserve not to win the championship. I’m losing too many points, I think seven in Imola, 25 here because honestly, we were the strongest car on track today. “So yes, if we lose the championship by 32 points at the end of the season, I will know from where they are coming from. And it’s unacceptable, I just need to get on top of those things.” Hamilton was also critical of himself after crashing out of qualifying at the Austrian Grand Prix. DON'T MISSFerrari boss Mattia Binotto speaks out as sack calls intensify  [INSIGHT]F1 legend wary of Lewis Hamilton ruining Max Verstappen title battle [ANALYSIS]Mattia Binotto disagrees with angry Charles Leclerc after 'disaster' [COMMENT] The seven-time champion was even spotted in the garage helping engineers to rebuild his car ahead of Saturday’s sprint race. After the accident, Hamilton said: “I am incredibly disappointed in myself, and so sorry to the team who worked so hard to put this car together, and I never like to bring it back damaged.” Meanwhile, some have claimed Max Verstappen has been critical of his team this season with his range of team radio rants. Former Channel 4 commentator Ben Edwards said of Verstappen: “I find it a little disappointing when he’s so kind of hard on the team when yeah sure something’s not right but they’ve got to work together to get the best they can.”