Robin Williams left the world in shock after the beloved actor sadly died on August 11, 2014, after he took his own life. The actor, who was best known for his roles in Mrs Doubtfire, Jumanji and Good Will Hunting, was a global star remembered for his humour and wit, becoming one of the biggest names in the entertainment world. In the year leading up to his death, he had struggled with a number of health issues because of an undiagnosed illness. Robin's wife Susan Schneider has revealed the actor was dealing with a number of health issues that led to depression, motor disturbances and extreme anxiety. Susan shared that up until 2013 everything with Robin was fine but at a celebration of his two-year wedding anniversary to his third wife, the star complained that "gut discomfort" was making him anxious. In addition, he developed a resting tremor in his left hand - thought to have been caused by an old shoulder injury - along with a slew of seemingly unconnected ailments that came and went. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White furiously defended by co-star The film star began suffering from stomach cramps, heartburn, and digestive issues. He then started to have issues with his sight and smell, causing him to become more anxious and have disturbed sleep. Eventually, he experienced motor disturbances, causing him to sometimes freeze mid-movement. Speaking to the New York Times culture reporter Dave Itzkoff for his biography, Robin, Susan said dealing with the symptoms was like "playing whack-a-mole".   Susan said: "It was like this endless parade of symptoms, and not all of them would raise their head at once. “It was like playing whack-a-mole. Which symptom is it this month? I thought, is my husband a hypochondriac? We're chasing it and there's no answers, and by now we'd tried everything." Friend and fellow actor Billy Crystal said Robin's appearance changed dramatically over a matter of months. The two went to watch a play in the autumn of 2013, and Billy was left "taken aback" by Robin's "frail" look. DON'T MISS... Debbie McGee hits back over Strictly snub as BBC colleague apologises[LATEST]A Place In The Sun bombshell Danni Menzies stuns in naked bath pics[PICTURES]Rachel Riley wins libel case as Corbyn's former aide loses appeal[UPDATES] As the evening came to an end and they said goodbye, Robin burst into tears. He had yet to be diagnosed and while on the set for the third installment of Night at the Museum, in which he played Theodore Roosevelt, Robin broke down in tears on set after he suffered a panic attack. He told his makeup artist Cheri Minns that he didn't "know how to be funny" anymore. When he returned home, Robin was prescribed medication with his wife Susan telling medical journal, Neurology, that he was "losing his mind and he was aware of it". Eventually, doctors told the couple in May 2014 that Robin was suffering from Parkinson's disease. But the comedian didn't believe the diagnosis, and after tests, medication and rehab his condition was still getting worse. On August 11 that year, he took his life at the age of 63. An autopsy later revealed he had in fact been suffering from Lewy body dementia - an aggressive, incurable brain disorder that can cause hallucinations, confusion, fatigue and problems with understanding, memory and judgement. According to Susan, it was the fear of what the outlook would be after these tests that caused him to take his own life. Speaking to the Guardian last year, she said: "I think he didn't want to go. I think he thought: 'I'm going to get locked up and never come out.'" If you're struggling and need to talk, the Samaritans operate a free helpline open 24/7 on 116 123. Alternatively, you can email jo@samaritans.org or visit their site to find your local branch. For more information about Lewy body dementia, you can visit the NHS website, and for information and help surrounding Parkinson's disease you can visit the Parkinson's Foundation. 