Roger Federer may find himself way down the tennis world rankings at the moment - but the all-time great remains top of one particular leaderboard. Federer, 41, has not played since Wimbledon last year, after which he underwent a third bout of knee surgery. A fairytale return to SW19 this summer was widely touted, but a comeback never materialised. However, the 20-time Grand Slam winner has been confirmed as a player in the Laver Cup next month, where he'll play for Team Europe, led by Bjorn Borg, against John McEnroe's Team World. And despite his inactivity, he's remarkably kept his title as the top earner in tennis for the 17th successive year. A release from Forbes Magazine has revealed the star has reeled in £76 million, all of which has been obviously earned off court. What may also surprise fans is Naomi Osaka comes in second, making £46 million away from tennis to go with the £800,000 from tournament prize money. The retiring Serena Williams is another star whose apparent time away from playing hasn't affected her global appeal. The American, who will bow out from the sport after the US Open, has made over £30 million, with less than £100,000 of that coming from her fleeting court appearances. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu told to make two changes at US Open as ex-coach spots worrying sign Despite having notched two Grand Slam titles in 2022, Rafael Nadal fails to break into the top three. The Spaniard won the Australian Open in January, and backed that up with another French Open title in June. However, his hopes of continuing that run were scuppered when he had to withdraw from his Wimbledon semi-final with injury. Still, whilst his success has reeled in £21 million in financial reward, his off court endorsements only to take the figure up to £26.4 million overall. Novak Djokovic's refusal to be vaccinated against Covid has cost his earnings dear, with prize money forming £17 million of his £23 million total. DON'T MISS:Rafael Nadal plays down 'importance' of women's US Open issue as row intensifiesEmma Raducanu situation branded 'so complicated' as concerns raised ahead of US OpenJohn McEnroe talks through Roger Federer retirement plan as Swiss ace eyes comeback After Djokovic, British star Emma Raducanu is in sixth place. Despite failing to replicate the magical form which won her the US Open last September, the teenager's hero status has seen her earn nearly £18 million this year, more than £15 million of which has come from sponsorship deals. Despite missing out on Wimbledon, Daniil Medvedev comes in seventh with around £16.3 million. Kei Nishikori (£11.1 million), Venus Williams (£10.2 million), and Carlos Alcaraz (£9 million) make up the top 10.