Millions of UK homes are about to be hit by a huge rise in energy prices which will see some gas and electricity bills jump by a staggering 80 percent. The hike in the energy cap is to blame, with regulator Ofgem announcing that costs will increase from this October - another surge is then expected in January 2023. Once the higher cap comes into effect it will see the average price for electricity leap from 18p p/kWh to a whopping 52p p/kWh. It's a worrying time for millions of homes and many will be looking for ways to cut down on their usage including switching off lights and unplugging gadgets from the walls. However, before you start reaching for the switch and turning off the Wi-Fi when heading to bed you might want to think again. Once the price hike comes into force the average cost for running a broadband router will be around £50 per year or 13p per day. Turning off this flashing black box overnight will clearly shave a few pence off the daily outgoings but it could also seriously hamper a home's internet connection. Most of the UK's biggest Internet Service Providers (ISPs), including BT and Sky, recommend leaving their Wi-Fi equipment on 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. There are some important reasons why it's best not to cut the power to these devices including vital security updates, which are usually pushed out during the night, not being downloaded and installed. Not getting the latest upgrades and software patches can leave consumers at risk from annoying bugs and attacks from cyber criminals. READ MORE: Freeview boost: Two new channels launch on your TV and that's not all Another issue with switching off the plug is that it can lead to ISPs thinking the line has become unstable or has a fault. Once this has been noted, suppliers often slow down speeds to make sure customers stay connected. Explaining more about the issues with broadband routers and why it's a good idea to keep them on, Aman Bhatti, Director of Propositions, Sky Broadband told Express.co.uk: “We know our routers are put through their paces during the day – whether on video calls, streaming the latest show, or online gaming. That’s why our routers run firmware updates during the night, to avoid any unnecessary disruption during the day. "Switching off your router overnight can affect automatic software updates and optimisations which in turn can impact the overall performance, speed and stability of your Broadband. Other connected devices in the home that are connected to your router will also be disrupted by the delayed updates. All our current hubs are EU Eco Design Regulation approved, meaning no excessive energy consumption is being used." BT also offers similar advice to its users with the popular supplier saying: "It’s important to make sure that you leave your Hub switched on and connected at all times. This will let us give you the fastest and most stable service, and ensure your hub is kept updated. "Constantly switching off the hub makes the line look unstable, meaning that your speed may be automatically reduced to improve the reliability of your broadband connection." If you are looking for ways to cut down on your energy usage then it's a good idea to turn off devices such as TVs and gaming consoles. For example, leaving a 4K television on standby can cost over £24 per year whilst a PS5 left running can set you back over £12 when you're not even using it.