Line of Duty star Adrian Dunbar is starring in the latest ITV detective series Ridley where he plays the role of Detective Inspector Alex Ridley. During each two-hour-long episode, DI Alex travels around the country to solve some of the most mysterious crimes. As episode one kicked off, eagle-eyed viewers were eager to get to the bottom of a 13-year-old missing person case. However, they took to their social media accounts to slam the predictability of the show and claimed they had "worked it out" within 20 minutes. Episode one saw a farmer found dead, with Ridley being called up by his ex-colleague and newly promoted DI Carol Farman (played by Bronagh Waugh). She needed his help whilst investigating a missing person case that remained unsolved for thirteen years. Ridley always suspected the investigation was flawed and the wrong man was tried for Hannah's Lindsay's abduction. Delving deeper into the investigation and working out something wasn't quite right they soon realised the little girl, Zoe, they were looking for was never actually murdered. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview Ridley worked out Moll Halpin (Jennifer Hennessey) had killed her first child and kidnapped Zoe, now named Catherine Halpin (Alexandra Hannant), to replace her. Moll tried to blame her husband Jesse Halpin (Rob Mitchell-James) for the abduction, but when threatened with losing Catherine, she admitted to killing him after he threatened to take Catherine back. She was soon taken to the station and the long and drawn-out missing person investigation was finally drawn to a close. However, this all developed over the two-hour episode and only really came to light within the last 15 minutes. Viewers of the show were quick to work out the connection between Zoe and Catherine and took to their Twitter accounts and branded the plot twist "predictable". @LesleyHustler1 commented: "I could have written Ridley, I’d worked out the plot in 15 mins. Still enjoying it, just right for Sunday evening. #Ridley." @joanishereish added: "Worked out who Catherine /Zoe was around 8.15pm. #Ridley need to do better with plot twists." @salholmes quipped: "Called it an hour ago! #Ridley Must mean I need to work with Adrian." DON'T MISS...Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’ [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [WATCH]Pierce Brosnan’s FURY at being fired from James Bond: ‘It’s juvenile!’ [INSIGHT] @IndeedItsMark remade: "I think it’s safe to say we’ve worked this out now. Catherine is Zoe. #Ridley." @ifeelflames joked: "Twitter definitely solved this quicker than the cops #Ridley." (sic) However, not all viewers were quick to pick up on the plot twist, with @Liddlevoice praising: "Really good twist, I hadn’t spotted it #Ridley." (sic) The synopsis for episode two reads: "When the body of a young woman is found buried in a shallow grave on a bleak Pennine moorland, Carol calls in Ridley to assist with the case. "But the victim was not all she seemed as Ridley discovers that she was leading a secret double life." Adrian opened up about his role as Ridley, detailing: "A lot of it is going to be very familiar - me being a cop. It's set against this great Lancashire backdrop. "He’s complicated in many ways, quite a distance away from anything I’ve played before, even though it’s me, it looks like me, and there’s obviously echoes of Ted Hastings because he’s a cop. "But there are so many interesting layers to his personality, so many things in his background, his history, especially with all the different places that he goes to and the different things he has to deal with." Ridley airs Sunday from 8pm on ITV.