Helen Skelton, 39, looked amazing as she posed in the pool with her daughter Elsie Kate, seven months. The Countryfile presenter took her three children to the lido for some summer fun. Helen then appeared to take a dig at her ex-husband Richie Myler, 32. Helen shares Ernie, six, Louis, five, and seven month old daughter Elsie Kate, with her ex Richie. Putting on a brave face, Helen looked incredible in the plunging navy swimsuit as she held her baby up in the swimming pool. In view of her 314,000 followers, she captioned the sweet post: "You wouldn’t believe it but it’s Cumbria. "Hands up if you’re from the Eden Valley and spent your summers in an unheated outdoor pool?? #lido #summer #villagepool #schoolhols #cumbrian." READ MORE: Demi Rose 'back' as she barely conceals ample assets Many social media users rushed to the comments to praise the presenter on her incredible postpartum figure. However, Helen took the opportunity to take to her Instagram story to share a quote about recovering from having a baby. It read: "It takes 18-24 months to recover fully from having a baby. "If you feel like you're 'behind' or 'not where you want to be' at 11 weeks or 6 months postpartum, just remember that you're not." Her seeminly sly dig at her estranged husband comes after the rugby player recently went Instagram official with his new love interest last month. Richie shared a loved-up snap of the pair during a romantic getaway to Cornwall. He captioned the post: "Cornwall aas worth the 32 year wait." With comments turned off on the post, the only visible reply was from his love interest. She wrote: "Thanks for the best weekend! LOVE YOU." DON'T MISS... ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' [COMMENT] Rod Stewart's wife Penny, 51, looks ageless in snap with his daughters [PICS] Piers Morgan aims jibe at Gary Lineker amid Lioness 'sexism' fury [OPINION] Meanwhile, Helen gave an insight into her "chaotic" life when she appeared on Lorraine in July. Lorraine began: "Helen, it's so good to see you. You've had a bit of a rough time, I know. "But the best way to get over stuff is to just get out there again - out there working." Helen replied: "I think anybody in my position would say the same. "I've got three small children and a very loud dog as you can hear." Helen announced her split from Richie in April, four months after the birth of their daughter. They had been married for eight years and regularly shared snaps of their happy family. In a statement at the time, she said: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. "We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children."