Chelsea have joined Tottenham in the race to sign Roma playmaker Nicolo Zaniolo in spite of the recent shoulder injury that saw him stretchered off against Cremonese over the weekend, according to reports. The 23-year-old has long been mentioned in connection with a potential move to Tottenham, who have been among the Premier League's busiest clubs in the summer transfer window thus far. Antonio Conte is understood to be a keen admirer of Zaniolo and would like to bring him to north London to improve the club's midfield ranks between now and next week's all-important deadline. However, it seems as though Chelsea could aim to beat their cross-city rivals to the Roma man's signature over the next few days, according to 90min.It is said that Chelsea, like Tottenham, see Zaniolo as an important asset due to his ability to play on the right-hand side of a back five as well as in the middle of the park or on the wing as a traditional wide forward. They are believed to be keen on striking a deal to bring him to Stamford Bridge at the expense of Tottenham, while Juventus are also thought to be keeping tabs on the situation as it develops.Roma have already knocked back a loan offer from Tottenham but Conte is still understood to be chasing the proposed move, with the Italian coach having remained a huge fan of Zaniolo from his time in charge of Inter Milan. However, it remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be able to leapfrog Tottenham and sign the Italy international before the summer window closes in just a few days' time. JUST IN: Simon Jordan mocks Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag as 'small man in a suit' Zaniolo's current employers are believed to be open to a sale if their asking price of around £42million is met by an interested party. They are not willing to accept any straight loan offers, though, and will attempt to tie the player down to a new and improved contract if he stays at the Stadio Olimpico beyond the end of the window.However, a temporary switch with a mandatory purchase clause may be enough to tempt Roma into parting ways with Zaniolo, who is currently tied down until the summer of 2024 as things stand. Roma boss Jose Mourinho recently failed to provide any assurances over Zaniolo's immediate future when quizzed on the topic earlier this month, which suggests that a move away is not outside the realms of possibility over the coming days. "Zaniolo looks very sharp and physically agile, as it’s not easy for a player like him to maintain that intensity for 90 minutes," Mourinho told reporters. "He deserves the credit for training hard and having the right motivation."If he remains or not, that’s a question for the director, not for me. If you ask me, I’d love him to remain, obviously. He is an important player for us, a key piece of the puzzle to bring together all the characteristics of our players." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here