Sally Nugent and Ben Thompson commemorated 80 years since the formation of the Pathfinders by speaking to Flight Lieutenant Colin Bell on Tuesday morning. The decorated WWII veteran impressed the BBC presenters with his no-nonsense approach as he laid out his role with the squadron. Colin took his interview with Ben and Sally in his stride as he remembered the Pathfinders’ missions on Tuesday’s edition of BBC Breakfast. When asked about his responsibilities, he explained: “Well, I suppose, the short answer is I was a Mosquito pilot in the Pathfinders group. Late night striking force." He shrugged and added: “I was just carrying out a job. We were intent on the survival of the country.” However, the interview encountered a rather awkward moment when Colin attempted to pay tribute to a book which detailed more of the Pathfinders' story. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed “It’s all set out, incidentally, in this remarkable book written by Will Iredale, The Pathfinders,” he said, lifting a copy aloft. “Could I make a brief statement about that?” Colin asked, before Ben stumbled on to his next question. The presenter continued: “Tell us about… because this is the story of what you were charged with doing. “Because many people won’t know exactly what the role was. How did you do your job?” DON'T MISS: BBC Breakfast guest told ‘put it away’ after wardrobe mishap [BLUNDER]NCIS star Pauley Perrette pays tribute to Olivia Newton-John [COMMENT]Yellowstone’s Ryan star pays tribute to season 5 newcomer [INSIGHT] Colin appeared slightly taken aback but was otherwise unaffected by Ben’s rather clumsy interjection. “My role?” he replied. “Well, my role was to carry out bombing operations against the manufacturing cities of Germany. “One interesting job was to go round and carry out spoof raids so the German night fighters would vector onto me. “When they realised that it was a spoof raid, and I was marking a target that wasn’t the main target, they would then have to go back and refuel before they started after the main bomber force. “So I was a decoy, at times. Not always.” After Sally inquired if he was ever scared during the missions, he countered: “No, I don’t think I was particularly afraid. “I was concerned, it was just a job you had to do, and you were concentrating on the job.” Colin later had to correct Ben when the presenter suggested his role was to mark targets, clarifying: “I was not a marker, I was a back-up man.” He also admitted he wouldn’t be celebrating the 80th anniversary of the formation of the Pathfinders. “I don’t think I gave it a thought!” he laughed. “The anniversary didn’t play a very big part in my career in the Royal Air Force. You just went from day-to-day.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.