The extraordinary achievement of England’s fearless pride of Lionesses has ensured a game-changing legacy. Or so I thought until I had a stirring chat with an Uber driver. Bouncing with joy after a few celebratory post-match drinks on Sunday, I jumped into a taxi on my way home. “It’s just incredible isn’t it? Amazing!” I said to the driver. “What is?” he asked. “The Women’s Euros!” I blurted back. “Oh yeah,” he replied with such crushing disinterest that I knew exactly what would come next. Sure enough, a moment later he said: “But its not the same is it?” with a conspiratorial wince, right on cue. “No it’s not,” I agreed. “They won.” For a moment our eyes locked in the rear-view mirror. “Your move punk,” I thought, mentally cracking my knuckles. The poor love didn’t know it, but I’ve long been preparing for an encounter like this. A revenge fantasy of a hapless sexist crossing my path. As I suspected, the driver launched into a rambling “twas ever thus” monologue about how men are the breadwinners, and a woman’s role is to pump out children. “Men make things happen. Men build things,” he implored, gesturing to a row of shops as if providing unsurmountable evidence. “So you think because men build things, that makes them superior?” I countered, genuinely intrigued that anyone in the 21st century could maintain such a prehistoric opinion. “You think I’m a misogynist?” he replied, which admittedly, took me aback. I was almost impressed that he brought up the “M word” first, saving me the effort. “Absolutely,” I said. “Do you honestly think women aren’t also engineers and architects? That women can’t build things too? You do realise that our next Prime Minster is probably going to be a woman." “We can do everything men can do. We can be world leaders, European Champions, and yes, we give birth too. How can you possibly still believe that men are superior?” He just shrugged. It was clear he was as committed to his world view, as I was to mine and I reminded myself that some things will never change. As long as the sun rises in the east, women will be wafting away the stench of misogyny. Never the less, the Lionesses’ monumental win will have a powerful impact on younger generations, just as the Me Too movement irrevocably, upended gender politics for me. A few years ago I might have nodded and said something conciliatory. Too easily and too often I betrayed my sex and my principals just to avoid the hassle. No more. “You’re completely wrong,” I said as I clambered out of the backseat. My Uber rating has probably fallen through the floor, but it was worth it. Sometimes small victories matter just as much as the big ones. In a rare misstep, Beyonce will change a lyric in new song Heated because it accidentally used an ableist slur. A representative said no offence was intended but promised the line will be re-recorded as it demeans people with spastic cerebral palsy. Disability rights activists described the use of the “deeply offensive term” as “appalling.” Pop singer Lizzo also came under fire for using the same word in a song. She apologised and re-recorded too. In African-American culture the word has a different meaning, not deemed to be derogatory. One wonders how many Americans are horrified by mention of “fags” meaning cigarettes in British pop songs. It is merely a case of transatlantic miscommunication that has been rectified, no serious harm done. Pitchforks at ease. It's...Rebekah Vardy back in the spotlight she loves so much. The Wagatha Christie loser gave a tearful TV interview and once again denied she leaked Coleen Rooney’s private information to the tabloids. “I’ll say it until I’m blue in the face, I did not do it,” she told TalkTV presenter Kate McCann adding: “I feel let down by a lot of people, a lot of things. But most importantly I feel let down by the legal system.” It is annoyingly rigorous, isn’t it. Former England striker Wayne Rooney’s wife Coleen famously conducted a sting operation in 2019, and last Friday a judge ruled her accusation was “substantially true.” Rebekah, and her husband Leicester City ace Jamie Vardy, are already an estimated £3million out of pocket over the debacle. But the prospect of book deals and interest from TV companies should soften the blow. Tissue? Mock The Week has been axed after a 17-year run. “That’s it folks, the UK has finally run out of news,” host of the satirical BBC 2 panel show Dara Ó Briain announced. “It couldn’t go on. The storylines were getting crazier and crazier – global pandemics, divorce from Europe, novelty short-term prime ministers. We just couldn’t be more silly than the news was already.” Nice try Dara, but perhaps the reason it “couldn’t go on” is because the aggressive, competitive format has aged badly. Top comics, such as Jo Brand, refused to go on because of the show’s combative culture which made for an uncomfortable watch. At the end of a long week, I’d sooner stick my head into a beehive than listen to a bunch of comedians shouting over each other in a desperate clamour for a few laughs. Normally I just tune into the sweet birdsong and gentle patter of Gardeners’ World. Now that’s better. Big Brother house, this is not a drill. Please do not swear. That’s right, it’s back after a five year hiatus. The UK’s original competitive reality show will return to our screens next year, whether we want it to or not. It was axed by Channel Four in 2011 after 11 years, and again by Channel 5 seven years later when audience numbers slumped. Now ITV2 and new streaming platform ITVX, are giving BB a new lease of life. The broadcaster has achieved huge success with Love Island, so must be confident that the public is still hungry for 24-hour surveillance as entertainment. Big Brother is watching you… but will anyone be watching it As sure as night follows day, another week heralds another despicable revelation about the Metropolitan Police. This time it is officers strip-searching children without an appropriate adult present. It almost beggar’s belief that the country’s largest police force required an external investigation to point out the ethical issues of such a disturbing practice. Alas, it comes as no surprise. After a string of scandals, including the murder of Sarah Everard by a serving officer, the Met’s reputation has been obliterated. The Independent Office for Police Conduct looked into more than a dozen cases and found no adult was present in the majority of them. Four officers are already facing gross misconduct charges over Child Q, a 15-year-old black girl suspected of carrying cannabis at her east London school. Teachers turned a blind eye to their own safeguarding duties, by neglecting to call her parents. Two female PCs stripped the child naked to conduct their search. No drugs were found, but even if they did find a joint, so what? It would still never justify the rough measures. Those responsible for allowing it to happen should question whether they are safe to work with young people. The Met admitted what happened was “truly regrettable” and publicly apologised to the girl, her family and the wider community, following accusations of racism. Only last week a serving Met officer was accused in court of “acting out a rape fantasy” for describing restraining a 15-year-old girl as a “struggle snuggle.” He and two others are accused of sharing sexist and racist messages with Everard’s murderer Wayne Couzens. The Met has already been placed in special measures for systemic failures. So new commissioner Sir Mark Rowley faces an uphill battle to claw back the public’s faith as an authority to be trusted. Catching criminals instead of traumatising children should be a starting point.