Nick Kyrgios has explained his pick to win the US Open title. The Aussie has enjoyed a stellar run so far this season and achieved his best performance at a grand slam after reaching the Wimbledon final last month.  Kyrgios won his first title since 2019 by capturing the Citi Open trophy for the second time and ater a quarter final appearance in Canada, he is no doubt a massive threat heading into Flushing Meadows. The world number 26 took to Instagram on Monday to state his opinion on the man who will triumph in New York this year. Eurosport posted a picture of 10 players, including Kyrgios and four-time US Open winner Rafael Nadal, and asked users to pick their winner. The 27-year-old opted to go for Spanish teen sensation Carlos Alcaraz, who has enjoyed a breakout year on the ATP Tour. He has captured four titles in 2022 and secured wins over compatriot Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Stefanos Tsitsipas. One player featured on the Eurosport graphic was Alexander Zverev, but this evening it was announced the German had withdrawn from the tournament due to an ankle injury. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal handed new US Open boost as injured Alexander Zverev withdraws   The world number two is still recovering from a devastating fall during his French Open semi-final with Nadal which forced him to retire from the match and endure a spell on the sidelines. A statement on the official US Open website read: “2020 US Open finalist Alexander Zverev will miss the 2022 US Open. The 25-year-old German officially withdrew from the event on Monday as a result of a continuing ankle injury.” Tournament organisers said 24-year-old American Stefan Kozlov will replace Zverev in the main draw. Nadal meanwhile has already practised on Arthur Ashe Stadium ahead of his first appearance at the US Open since he won the title for the fourth time in 2019. He was joined by his coach Francisco Roig as he could be seen ripping forehands on the main showcourt. The 22-Grand Slam champion is hoping to raise his level after losing his first match post-injury in Cincinnati. Despite a negative start to his comeback, the four-time US Open champion shared his hopes to be ready in time for the final Grand Slam of 2022. "It's difficult to take a lot of positive things, but I need to improve," Nadal said after his loss at the Western & Southern Open last week. "I need to practice. I need to return better. I need days [on the court], and that's the truth. Obviously I had my chances in the beginning. In the tie-break I had two important chances with two set points that I played terrible with two more-or-less easy shots." “I need to move forward and just start to think about the energy that the crowd gives me in New York," he added. “I know it's a very special place for me, and I enjoy it. [I've had] unforgettable moments there, and I'm going to try my very best every single day to be ready for that.” 