The footage shows Ukrainian soldiers in a wooded area using the missiles against Russian tanks, with one commenting: “What a f***ing job” afterwards. One of them subsequently said he and his comrades were using a combination of British-built Javelin missiles and Stuhna-Ps, manufactured in Ukraine itself, against Russian targets. Javelins were included among 6,900 anti-tank missiles sent to help President Volodymyr Zelensky’s country so far, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace confirmed last month. The soldier, referred to as Denys, told the US Government-funded Radio Free Europe website: “First we walk around looking for a position. “Then we dig trenches there and wait for a target. “We have many units, and every unit has its position.” All are prepared to wait for as long as it takes, Denys explained, be it a week or a month. He continued: “In some cases, a Javelin is waiting for a target. Sometimes, reconnaissance units give us the target and we go there. “Last time, we were talking at night with a Javelin and saw a target with an infrared camera. But the distance was four kilometres. “We went back to pick up a Stuhna, waited until we could see it again, and fired.” The target was two tanks, Denys said, with footage on a portable monitor showing the missiles crashing home. Denys added: “In the last month, the Russians broke through our defence once. JUST IN: Russia MELTDOWN - Millions loses as Putin scrambles to conceal chaos Denys said: “While the Ukrainian troops focused on their infantry, they came through a field. “Their commander was blown up by a land mine. The rest of the tanks were destroyed by our artillery. “Everyone who climbed out was taken as a prisoner of war, up to 10. “Another time, there was a column of 11 vehicles. Our artillery couldn’t get them. It was in Kamyanka. DON'T MISSKent police swoop in as 'serious incident declared' [BREAKING]Americans support signing new trade deal with the UK, new poll reveals [POLL]Kate Middleton is 'simply sophisticated' -but other royal most stylish [ROYALS] “We went in there with five Stuhna systems. There were 10 tanks and a personnel carrier. None of them survived.” Comparing the two weapons, Denys said: “The Javelin is easier to operate. The Stuhna is heavier, and it needs heavy rockets. “With the Javelin, you just aim. But with a Stuhna, you can fire up to six rockets. “In Kamyanka, the commander of another unit hit three tanks, and on the next day, I hit five tanks.” “There were 15 vehicles, but none of them made it.” Another clip shows a Russian tank exploding in a ball of flames after being hit by a missile. The British Army’s website describes the Javelin as “an enhanced version of the American weapon proven on operations in Iraq and Afghanistan by US forces”. Although it is designed primarily to destroy tanks and light armoured vehicles, it will also provide “a potent, all-weather, day or night capability against fixed defences”, including bunkers and buildings. The system’s integrated sight permits the operator to acquire the target, lock-on, fire and 'forget'. In other words, as soon as the missile is launched, the firer can acquire another target or move position. Javelin has a maximum range of 2500 metres, and overfly and direct attack modes of operation. It is a crew-served weapon operated by a firer and a controller/observer. The Stuhna-P, also known as the Skif, was developed by Ukraine in the 2010 but the Luch Design Bureau. They can hit both moving and stationary targets, with a maximum range of three miles in the daytime, and can also hit targets at close range (100 metres). The system has two targeting modes: manually steered and automated fire-and-forget, which uses no manual tracking of a target.