But they didn’t so now 14 regions of the UK are going to be subjected to what amounts to water rationing - all because these water companies lose a third – to a quarter of all the water they supply through leaky pipes. England’s water companies lose 2.4bn litres (528m gallons) of water every day while continuing to pay bosses obscene salaries and bonuses. Every year these companies promise to do better on the leaks but they never do. They just scoop up the profits and hope the worst-case scenario – a drought – doesn’t happen. Only this year it has. And they are woefully under-prepared. Already in some of these drought areas thousands of homes have run out of water and Thames Water has texted customers in London, Oxfordshire and Surrey warning them of low pressures and dry taps. And worse – there’s been a string of major leaks in the capital and in Kent this week. More in a large area between Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire and Oxford. Wouldn’t you think that these water companies which make zillions in profits every year would at least be prepared for a drought. It’s their business for God’s sake. But they’re not. And there are no consequences for that. Governments let them get away scot-free with this incompetence. Thames Water alone loses 635m litres (140m gallons) every day – that’s a quarter of all the water it provides. If it didn’t, the region might not have been pushed into drought measures as quickly as it has been. Or even at all. Cathryn Ross, the strategy and regulatory affairs director at Thames Water says: "Leakage will always be with us as we have 20,000 miles of pipes. “But we do recognise, particularly with climate change and the shortage of water, we need to take leakage seriously.” Yes, luv, but your not. That’s the problem. How many years do we have to listen to this same old mantra that “We’ll do better.” The bottom line here has to be either the Government forces these companies to fix the leaks – or they take away the business from them and temporarily nationalise it. It’s not often I agree with Gordon Brown but it’s what he says he’d do if he was running the country. If these companies are incapable of running their company efficiently and offering us lower bills – then we should take the business away from them and put it into public hands. Ditto for the energy companies because we could immediately lower the bills. I never thought I’d hear myself saying the words “nationalise it” because I’m old enough to remember when some state sectors were nationalised and didn’t do terribly well. They were bogged down by bureaucracy and there seemed to be no one with any new ideas. But at a time when we’re about to fall head first into the worst cost of living crisis in living memory, I feel that many of those sectors which are vital to the running of the country should be in public hands. At least then we can hold the Government responsible if things don’t go right and boot them out come election time. And there will be direct public scrutiny and accountability. Ross – the lady with the big title – says: “We’re going to have to look at all the tools in the tool kit to make sure we keep customers' taps flowing.” Now I don’t know about you but when a so-called director of a company that’s responsible for the water supply of millions starts talking about “tool kits” it frightens the life out of me. Ross even had the cheek to blame us for “high usage”. Never mind about how much her company wastes in totally fixable leaks. In Germany where water companies are publicly owned they lose just 5 percent of their water to leaks as opposed to 25 percent – or more – here. That is why temporary nationalisation might not be such a terrible idea. We can’t plan our future water supplies on the vague promises of greedy water companies. I pay Thames Water £1,400 a year – which will soon be going up along with everything else – yet I’m now being restricted in how much water I use. More importantly, declaring a drought means these water companies don’t need permission from the government to impose even harsher restrictions which is outrageous. Their incompetence has made this drought declaration come sooner than it needed to but still, they can impose harsh new rules whenever they like to save water – and their own companies! Scientists are saying it’s unlikely we’ll go back to the bad old days of 1976 when there were standpipes in the streets – but that’s no consolation to those of us currently living in droughts-ville. I know there’s barely been a drop of rain since June. I know reservoirs are at their lowest levels since records began. But we probably wouldn’t be where we are today if water companies had fixed the leaks and prepared for a disaster. Because now millions of us are living smack bang in the middle of that disaster. And from where I’m sitting there’s no one in Government or in the water companies doing anything concrete to sort it out other than to say “We’re working on it.” Water belongs to us all and we should never be in a position where it’s rationed thanks to the incompetence of privately owned water companies. I don’t know about you but I’m a bit scared here because it feels like Britain is burning and there’s no one at the helm to put out the fire. There’s no one in charge and no one with any plan to steer us through this.