The 18-year-old was seen sporting a patterned midi length dress which had been worn seven years prior by her mother. Lady Louise, daughter of the Earl and Countess of Wessex, wore the sleeveless dress that was designed by Peter Pilotto to the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham yesterday.  She was spotted alongside her brother James, 14, and mum Sophie, 57, who had worn the frock to the Chelsea Flower Show in 2015. Lady Louise looked the spitting image of her mum, who is known for her elegant fashion sense. Sophie Wessex was seen wearing a navy blouse tucked into a floral blue maxi skirt and black heeled sandals. Meanwhile James sported a smart Ralph Lauren polo and skinny black trousers with brogues.  Lady Louise paired her pre-loved frock with a heart necklace and white trainers. She wore a similar hairstyle to her mum, with the mother-daughter duo both sporting a half-up half-down look. Prince Edward also attended the event at the National Exhibition Centre (NEC) on Monday afternoon to watch a badminton match. Lady Louise was photographed next to her dad and brother as she cheered on the players.  READ MORE: Leafy UK town shaken as 'teenage boy stabbed to death' in street And Wessex fans were delighted by her surprise appearance, with one Twitter user named @sarahinroyal, tweeting with several eye-hearted emojis: "Louise's hair." In a separate tweet, the user also wrote: "Beautiful Lady Louise Windsor."Another royal fan, named @loveforcambridg, wrote: "Aw how lovely that their kids went with them too." The £985 dress was designed by the same designer who designed Princess Eugenie’s wedding gown. Much like her 14-year-old brother, Louise is growing up far from the spotlight, also thanks to her parents' decision not to give her a royal title.  DON'T MISS:Yorkshire fire: Buildings evacuated as 10 fire appliances attend [PICTURES]‘Ask the peiple’ Remainers in new demand for second Brexit referendum [COMMENT]Leafy UK town shaken as 'teenage boy stabbed to death' in street [INSIGHT] Since November last year, when she became an adult, Louise has gained the ability to decide for herself whether she wants to take on the HRH style and title of princess she has the right to as granddaughter of the sovereign. However, her mother Sophie does not expect her children to choose to become working members of the Firm. 