Royal commentator and author Omid Scobie took to Twitter to reveal he is currently busy writing a new biography believed to be focused on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Royal Family. Referring to his silence on social media in recent days, he wrote: "Know that if I'm quiet at the moment, it's because I'm busy writing -- (and it feels so nice to be able to finally admit that!)" In a second tweet, he joked: "I'm always watching tho". This update was welcomed by many of the author's social media followers with one, with the Twitter handle @HeleenGroen, telling him: "Enjoy the process, Omid! It will be great again cause that's what you do... write great books!" Another, @ZandiSussex, replied to Mr Scobie writing: "Looking forward to reading whatever you’re writing Omid!" And a third, @KajolMomento, said: "We know @scobie... you did tell us in advance. "You are missed though! Wishing you the best in your upcoming piece!" This comes a few days after Mr Scobie announced his new royal book would be released in 2023. Mr Scobie first announced on Twitter he was working on a new royal book on July 30. Sharing a screenshot from Publishers Weekly, the author wrote: "Now that it's Publishers Weekly official, I can finally share that I'm working on a BRAND NEW BOOK!!" READ MORE: Meghan Markle entering new chapter as Duchess makes major change The tweet was accompanied by a screenshot from Publishers Weekly, an American weekly trade news magazine, which announced the journalist had sold the world English rights of his new book, currently untitled, to Dey Street, an imprint of HarperCollins. The book will focus on "a new chapter of the Royal story and feature unique insight, deep access and exclusive revelations". While remaining tight-lipped on its content, HarperCollins added the book will "have the world talking". This book will come three years after the publication of Finding Freedom, the biography of the Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Mr Scobie co-authored with Carolyn Durand. The unauthorised but flattering biography focused on the Duke and Duchess, from their first meeting to their fallout with the Royal Family. MORE TO FOLLOW