The Queen is currently on holiday at Balmoral, the traditional summer home of the Royal Family. The 96-year-old typically spends the entire summer, from July until early October, in her Scottish residence but this will look a little different this summer, following the arrival of a new Prime Minister next month. The Queen is set to interrupt her summer tradition by returning to London when either Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak take over Boris Johnson's current role of Britain’s Prime Minister. Speaking on Australia's Today Show, royal expert Natalie Oliveri discussed the break in the Queen's Scotland visit. Ms Oliveri said: "She is going to be travelling back to London to welcome in the new Prime Minister. The current Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, is stepping down from his role on September 6. "The winning candidate is expected to meet Her Majesty, either at Buckingham Palace in London, or at Windsor Castle, meaning Her Majesty will be taking a little break from her summer break." She added that, following the meeting, the Queen "will return to Scotland for her three-month holiday". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Rug pulled from under Harry as THREE new bombshells to upstage Duke It is an important constitutional role, as head of state, that the Queen gives her permission to the new Prime Minister to lead the new Government in her name. Boris Johnson will be the 14th Prime Minister the Queen has succeeded in the Queen's 70-year reign. “Her Majesty does not expect the new Prime Minister to travel to Scotland, so the plan is that the Queen will travel down to see them.”, a source told the Daily Mail. Buckingham Palace is the traditional venue to appoint the new Prime Minister, but it may have changed to Windsor Castle. READ MORE: Beatrice and Meghan first victims to Queen's social media rule for 'non-working royals' Due to ongoing refurbishment at Buckingham Palace, which is set to be completed in 2027, the Queen now typically resides at Windsor Castle. The Queen has not lived at Buckingham Palace since March 2020. Balmoral Castle has been the Royal Family's summer home since it was bought in 1852 for Queen Victoria, by Prince Albert. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle & Queen Mother share same birthday - but are 'different' [INSIGHT]Queen 'always been a feminist' after struggling with 'man's world' [REVEAL]Prince Charlottes fans go wild about her love of sport [REPORT] Balmoral Castle, which was previously described as 'Paradise in the Highlands' by the Queen, is privately owned by the Royal Family. The monarch spent a lot of time there with her late husband Prince Philip, and and the entire estate covers around 50,000 acres. READ NEXT: