In these troubled times, our country needs a strong hand and a cool head in Downing Street. During the current fiercely contested race, she has emerged as by far the most suitable candidate for the role. Her combination of toughness, experience, determination and pragmatism are exactly what are required to guide us through the difficult days that lie ahead. None of her rivals for the Tory crown have matched her in their grasp of policy or their political craft. In a remarkable achievement, she had managed over recent weeks to be both the loyalist and the outsider, the rebellious insurgent and the authoritative Cabinet operator. It was her loyalty to Boris Johnson, when so many other Ministers around her were resigning, that played a key part in her rise to the position of leadership front-runner. Others, particularly the early favourite Rishi Sunak, were denounced as backstabbers, but no such charge could ever be made against her. Indeed, back in the 2019 leadership contest after Theresa May resigned, she was the first Cabinet Minister to declare her support for Johnson. The Tory party members admire her for her backing the Prime Minister right to the end – and so do Express readers. But Truss’s appeal is based on so much more than her allegiance to the previous incumbent. Unlike most of the other candidates, who were diminished by the glare of scrutiny or have panicked under pressure, she has grown in stature, having been given the chance to shine in the spotlight. A woman of substance has emerged from the intensity of the fight, which is why we endorse her today. She shares this paper’s values of patriotism, self-reliance and compassion. She subscribes to our beliefs in British freedoms and British independence. The Express was the first national newspaper to call for Brexit, and though Truss backed Remain in the 2016 EU Referendum, she has not only admitted that this was a mistake, but, as International Trade Secretary, was also brilliantly exploited the economic opportunities created by Britain’s withdrawal from the Brussels empire through her raft of global trade deals. With similar boldness, she has also declared that she is willing to consider pulling out of the European Convention of Human Rights, which has undermined our criminal justice system and made a farce of immigration controls. Just as her post-Brexit accomplishments in trade are striking, so no other minister can match her record of service. Appointed Environment Secretary in 2014, she has been in the Cabinet for a longer continuous period than any other current Tory MP. For all Rishi Sunak’s mastery of financial technicalities, she is the true heavyweight of the present contest. Thanks partly to her long involvement with centre-right think tanks, no one at the top of her party has a better understanding of policy development, or a deeper knowledge of the British state and its failings. It is partly this insight, buttressed by years of analysis, that make her so confident in her welcome attacks on the dangerous woke ideology and the sprawling bureaucracy of Whitehall. Many of her predecessors have talked grandly of “a bonfire of the quangos” without doing anything. She may be the first Prime Minister to live up to her words, just as she seems in earnest when she promises to take an axe to the vast diversity industry. Including the taxpayer-funded army of inclusion advisers and equality managers that drain the lifeblood from our public services. On the campaign trail, she has been criticised for her “metallic” style of speaking, but the country is crying out for some steeliness at the top. She has also been called “robotic”, but a new regime of efficiency is exactly what No.10 requires. “She is the most impressive person I have ever worked with – so focused, outcome-orientated and visionary,” says a former aide. She had been attacked for copying the style of Margaret Thatcher, but in truth what better role model could there be for a female premier than the Iron Lady? Alternatively, like Boris Johnson, Truss is denounced for her habit of so-called “boosterism”, a sneer at the spirit of optimism she brings to her work. But that is far better than a sense of defeatism. After all, its was the great Democrat President Franklin D Roosevelt who said, at the height of the depression, that “we have nothing to fear but fear itself.” The hope of reaching sunlit uplands should be central to the Government’s mission. Britain faces enormous challenges at home in the form of soaring inflation, a deepening energy crisis and chaotic public services, just as abroad we are confronted with a recalcitrant EU, an aggressive Russia and an increasingly hostile China. But Liz Truss has shown that, perhaps more than any senior Tory, she is willing to stand up for British and Western interests, as reflected in her stance on the Northern Ireland Protocol, which is undermining British trade and the integrity of the United Kingdom, or in her solidarity with Ukraine. "This is the time for courage, not caution,” she rightly says of her defiance of Putin. One senior Tory says of her bravery, “She’s someone you would go tiger-shooting with. She’s very gutsy, self-assured and tough when most other people would shy away.” Truss has shown her own brand of resilience in the leadership contest. After the first televised debate, where she performed badly and polled in last position, she looked as if she was finished. But instead of giving up, she radically improved and subsequently rode to the front. She was also helped by the fact that she has the right Conservative instincts, reflected in her Euroscepticism, her belief in low taxation, her support for the triple lock on state pensions and her contempt for the nanny state. “I hate people telling me what to do,” she once said. Her Conservatism is unusual in that she was brought up in a left-wing household, where her father worked as a lecturer and her mother as a nurse and teacher. As a child, attending a comprehensive school in Leeds, she was even taken on marches for nuclear disarmament. But because her Tory convictions are perhaps all the more solid because she arrived at them through her own process of intellectual inquiry rather than just taking them without question from her family. Every senior politician has their flaws. Churchill was an egocentric, while Attlee was inhibited by his shyness. Truss herself is a limited, awkward communicator and some of her answers in debates – especially on the NHS and the housing market – have sounded trite. Nor does her plan for immediate tax cuts look remotely likely to tackle the enormity of the economic crisis about to engulf the nation, though, more convincingly, she has promised an emergency budget when she first takes office. But she is more a leader of action than rhetoric. As she herself puts it, “I am always someone who keeps my promises. I might not be the slickest presenter in the business, but I do what I say I’ll do.” If she reaches the top, she will certainly have her work cut out. Taming the public sector trade unions, resolving the social care crisis, reversing the Northern Ireland protocol, cracking down on the people smugglers in the Channel, cutting Government waste, curbing inflation, restoring the public finances, dealing with staff shortages in the NHS and, above all, slashing exorbitant energy bill are just a few of he jobs in an overladen in-box. But if anyone has the true grit for the task, it is her. That is why the Express says today that Tory members should back her.