Chloe Madeley, 35, gave birth to a baby girl with her husband and I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star James Haskell. The daughter of Richard Madeley has said she and James are "besotted and beaming with pride" at the new arrival. The couple are keeping their daughter's name under wraps, however, they did confirm the arrival of a healthy baby girl. The baby was due on August 7 but arrived a few days later. Confirming the joyful news, Chloe said: "We are delighted to welcome to the world our daughter. We are utterly besotted and beaming with pride." James previously shared his emotions when he learned they were expecting a girl, saying: "That’s when I welled up and nearly cried. It was pretty exciting. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White furiously defended by co-star "I actually wanted a little girl – I’ve been around enough men my entire life", he told OK! magazine. This comes after Chloe's father Richard said on Good Morning Britain that his daughter was "ready to pop". Chloe shared her last pregnancy post on Instagram in July, causing controversy as she posed in a naked snap. She captioned the post: "I was asked on IG this morning if I’m excited to get back in shape post-pregnancy. I nearly skipped over the question so I didn’t have to answer it and undoubtedly have my answer be misconstrued and misjudged. "Because the answer is yes. I am extremely excited to rehab my body postnatally; my core, my pelvic floor, my glutes, everything that has had to shift, make way and change for my little potato will need to be rehabbed and nursed back to health. "I am excited to PATIENTLY watch my physique change again, too.’ "That doesn’t mean I don’t LOVE my pregnant body…clearly I do." Chloe shared a snap with her mother, holding a baby scan while holding a pink baby grow in February, revealing the gender of her child to her followers. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton opens up on family dynamic after split from Richie [INSIGHT] Heidi Klum, 49, says she still loves taking her clothes off [COMMENT] Carol Vorderman, 61, exposes killer abs in sultry bikini [PICS] She captioned the heartfelt post: "I just want to say a massive THANK YOU to everyone who took the time to congratulate my family and I yesterday. "Your generosity and kindness was nothing short of jaw dropping, and all of us have felt extremely touched by the sheer amount of well wishes we’ve received. "So, thank you. 16 weeks, each one better than the last." Richard and Judy are already grandparents to their son Jack's child, Kit, who he shares with his girlfriend Issy. The couple also have two more grandchildren - Ivy, seven, and Edith, three, who are daughters of Judy's twin sons from her first marriage. Speaking on Loose Women about his granddaughter, Richard said: "Here's something about your daughter having a little girl, it sort of does make a difference. "I didn’t have any expectations of being a grandad but I do enjoy it. I used to think it can’t be that good. "It’s like having an extension on your house, we adore it and then you can give them back."