In 2019, Prince Andrew sat down with Emily Maitlis to discuss his friendship with disgraced millionaire Jeffrey Epstein and his alleged involvement in the Virginia Giuffre scandal. The 62-year-old has repeatedly denied all accusations made against him. Sam McAlister, the former producer on BBC's Newsnight, recently spoke to the Royally Us hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross about the moment she knew the interview was going to be an "absolute fire starter". Ms McAlister told Royally Us: "The first time he started saying the very same things [that] he'd said to us in the confines of the private room, I knew that this was going to be an absolute fire starter. "The size of the fire got bigger and bigger as every terrible answerr progressed" Ms Garibaldi said: "He'd said the whole sweating thing, the Pizza Express [thing] in the pre-interview, so you knew that this was all coming." Ms McAlister said: "I knew it might come, but I couldn't believe it would come. READ MORE: Kate and William extend major birthday olive branch to Harry and Meghan with new message The interview was widely regarded as "disastrous". The interview saw Andrew answer to the allegations that he had sex with a trafficked 17-year-old girl – which he has always denied. The royal aslo explained his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. In 2019, Epstein wa charged with one count of sex trafficking of a minor and one court of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking. READ MORE: Camilla and Charles send Meghan Markle heartwarming message as they seek to mend rift He pleaded not guilty and was later found dead in his prison cell. Epstein's death was later ruled as suicide. Following enormous amounts of public criticism, and with permission granted from the Queen, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from royal duties. DON'T MISS In February 2022, it was confirmed that Amdrew had agreed to pay a settlement to Virginia Giuffre and the civil case would not proceed to jury trial. Although the total amount has never been revealed, the fee was expected to amount to as much as £12 million. Speaking recently to The Royal Beat, the Sunday Times royal commentator Roya Nikkhah claimed that despite a settlement being paid, "it's never going to go away." READ NEXT: