The Canadian Alliance of British Pensioners (CABP) says they've been "inundated" with pensioners who live in Canada who have had their state pensions stopped. They say they have not been provided with any date for the return of the pension. A letter from the Pension Service, seen by Express.co.uk, states they cannot pay the pensioner any UK state pension "at the moment", because they "cannot be sure the amount of money we have been paying is correct". It means there are currently UK pensioners living in Canada who have not received state pension payments since June, following payments being stopped from July 20, 2022. This is due to the Pension Service not receiving a response to the form CF(N)698, sent on March 27, 2022. However, some UK pensioners have said they never received the form. READ MORE: Nationwide raises interest rates on savings accounts - but can it compete with inflation? The letter warns there is "no right of appeal" against the decision. Pensioners have been informed they need to fill in and return the duplicate form, using the reply slip and envelope they've been sent, with the envelope needing a stamp. It added that if the information is not sent by November 7, 2022, the Pension Service "can decide to end" the payment of the state pension. The letter advises the recipient they should tell the Pension Service at once if they cannot provide the information. DON'T MISS Furthermore, they are told to tell the service if the decision "will cause hardship or circumstances change". Ian Andexser, Chairman of the Canadian Alliance of British Pensioners, has sent an open letter to Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Thérèse Coffey, urging her to intervene. Within the letter, Mr Andexser, who is among those affected, said: "Understandably, this situation is causing significant anguish to a large number of British citizens who should be enjoying their well-deserved and earned retirements." He also said: "I, like many, have been in contact with your Department’s helplines who have accepted that this is a serious administrative error by the DWP. READ MORE: Pensioners can get discount on food shop - how you can get 10% off each week "One of our members was informed that this is affecting thousands of pensioners in Canada, but that there is yet to be a date provided for when pensions will be paid into accounts." There are around 125,000 UK pensioners in Canada, all of whom receive a "frozen" state pension - meaning their UK state pension does not increase each year, while it does in other countries. Those affected should call the International Pension Centre. Gov.uk explains a person may get a "life certificate" form from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to check they're still eligible for the state pension. A DWP spokesperson said: “We understand the frustration of customers affected by Canadian postal delays. "We’ve implemented measures to enable the clearing of life certificates by phone and encourage those impacted to contact our International Pension Centre. All payments will be backdated.”