Her Majesty’s many titles even indicate that she is in fact also a Duke rather than a Duchess which is the usual title bestowed upon females. The Monarch was born on April 21, 1926, at 17 Bruton Street in London to the Duke and Duchess of York. The Duke and Duchess later became King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother after the Queen’s uncle Edward III abdicated the throne on January 20, 1936. Upon her birth the young Princess was named following royal tradition which sees a royal baby given multiple historical names which have connections to their ancestors. The Windsor family are direct descendants in an unbroken sovereign succession which goes back almost a millennium including Henry VIII and Queen Victoria. Such a rich family history with such strong figures means that the Queen’s parents were not short of names for their baby girl. Since the Queen was born, all members of the royal family are connected to figures Lord Louis Mountbatten and George VI. This is why the Queen’s descendants all formally carry the surname of Mountbatten-Windsor, the first after Lord Louis and the latter after George VI’s surname. The Queen was given the name Princess Elizabeth Alexandra Mary as a tribute to many of her relatives. Elizabeth is likely to come from her mother, Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon though it may also date back to Queen Elizabeth I, the daughter of Henry VII. READ MORE: Americans support signing new trade deal with the UK, new poll reveals The name Alexandra is a tribute to her great-grandmother, Queen Alexandra of Denmark who was also Queen Consort to her husband King Edward VII. The Queen’s final middle name directly comes from her grandmother Queen Mary, the Queen Consort to King George V. It could also come from Queen Mary I or Mary II or even be connected to the Virgin Mary. The Monarch’s official title since her coronation on June 2, 1953, is Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of her other realms and territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith. DON'T MISS:POLL: Should the Government renationalise the energy companies? (POLL)Jeremy Corbyn sides with Nicola Sturgeon over plan to hold IndyRef2 (INSIGHT)Boris Johnson should not have resignation honours list – YOU VOTED (POLL) Across the Commonwealth Her Majesty is known by different titles such as ‘The White Heron’ by the Maori people of New Zealand and ‘Paramount Chief’ to people in Fiji. More surprisingly Her Majesty is actually known as a Duke as she also carries the title of the Duke of Normandy and the Duke of Lancaster. Queen Victoria began the tradition for a female sovereign as she thought that ‘Duchess’ noted that the women was the spouse of a Duke and therefore not the holder of the Dukedom.