Four years prior to his death, Lancaster suffered from a stroke, while visiting a friend in Orange County, USA. The serious incident proved the last in a series of physical maladies that had befallen the star who appeared in more than 70 films. Having always been proud of his body, physically, health wise it has let him down on numerous occasions. As written in The Telegraph: "By the time Lancaster starred as a small town doctor in the sentimental baseball movie Field of Dreams, his health was in steep decline". Firstly, due to a long habit of chain smoking, the star developed heart disease. The Mayo Clinic explains that heart disease describes a range of conditions that affect the heart, it includes: The type of heart disease an individual has causes varying different symptoms, but the main symptoms that individuals can expect include: Coronary heart disease, as the NHS explains, is caused by a build-up of fatty substances in the coronary arteries, interrupting the heart's blood supply. Over time, the walls of these arteries can become furred up with fatty deposits. This process is known as atherosclerosis and the fatty deposits are called atheroma. Importantly to note in Lancaster’s case, atherosclerosis can be caused by lifestyle factors, such as smoking and regularly drinking excessive amounts of alcohol.  DON'T MISS: The black berry that could help you reverse high cholesterol in weeks ‘without treatment'  Similarly to heart disease, a stroke is a “serious life-threatening medical condition” that occurs when the blood supply to a part of the brain is cut off. Due to the severity of the condition, treatment is essential and needed straight away. The NHS notes that the sooner a person receives treatment for a stroke, the less damage is likely to happen. It is therefore important that individuals recognise the signs and symptoms of a stroke to help anyone suffering. The main symptoms of stroke can be remembered with the word FAST: Treatment for a stroke depends on the type of stroke an individual has, including which part of the brain was affected and what caused it. The NHS explains that there are two main causes of strokes:  Strokes are usually treated with medication. This includes medicines to prevent and dissolve blood clots, reduce blood pressure and reduce cholesterol levels. However, in some cases, procedures may be required to remove blood clots. Surgery may also be required to treat brain swelling and reduce the risk of further bleeding if this was the cause of the stroke. Although the condition is usually unpredictable, the NHS notes that some individuals are more at risk of suffering from a stroke due to certain lifestyle factors and pre-diagnosed conditions. These include: Due to this, individuals are advised to follow a healthy diet, take regular exercise, not drink more than 14 units a week and not smoke for the best chance to prevent having a stroke.  For those that survive, the injury to the brain caused after a stroke can lead to widespread and long-lasting problems. Although some people may recover quickly, many people who have a stroke need long-term support to help them regain as much independence as possible. Two of the most common psychological problems that can affect people after a stroke are:Depression – many people experience intense bouts of crying, feel hopeless and withdraw from social activitiesAnxiety – where people experience general feelings of fear and anxiety, sometimes with moments of intense, uncontrolled feelings of anxiety (anxiety attacks). On learning about his death, Lancaster’s friend Kirk Douglas, rightly said: “You know, Burt isn’t really dead… People years from now will still be seeing us shooting at each other… still watching him in his many other great films. At least he’s at peace now." “Burt was not just an actor,” Douglas added. “He was a curious intellectual with an abiding love of opera who was constantly in search of unique characters to portray… Elmer Gantry… the Birdman of Alcatraz.” 