Princess Diana continues to have a huge influence over fashion, according to the latest data searches. The Princess of Wales' style has continued to be an example for new generations. Today marks 25 years since the Princess’ death, and her style is still hugely influential.  It continues to inspire designer runway collections, magazine photo shoots, and reissues of her staple pieces. As today marks the anniversary of Diana's tragic death, luxury cashmere brand N Peal has revisited some of her most iconic outfits. These were a statement of the sporty, casual outfits from the 1980s and 1990s. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  They were the kind Diana was frequently pictured in while visiting the gym or attending polo matches. They have gained newfound popularity among fashion enthusiasts as new data reveals searches for her "biker shorts" have increased by 250 percent. Meanwhile, "princess diana 80s" has surged by 90 percent and "princess diana 90s fashion" by 100 percent worldwide. This classic outfit combines streetwear, athleisure, and glamour in a single look with an oversized sweatshirt, cycling shorts, chunky sneakers, sunglasses, vintage earrings, and a designer bag.   The late royal was a master of fashion, and no discussion of her sense of style is complete without mentioning her gowns. Diana's ivory, pearl-encrusted, taffeta meringue wedding dress with a 25-foot train, worn in 1981 when she married Prince Charles, continues to take reign as one of the most popular searches on google for brides who aspire to achieve the same fairy-tale look. On the same night as her husband’s admission of adultery on TV, Diana attended a dinner party dressed in a black off-the-shoulder gown, which was dubbed the "revenge dress". READ MORE: Harry and William spend heart-breaking day apart on Diana anniversary  Even decades later, wearing a black evening gown is still seen as the pinnacle of chic. This shows how Diana continues to influence fashion trends in 2022.  According to research by Karen Millen, Princess Diana has over 15,000 searches per month for her style. Therefore, it's clear to see that her style is the most sought-after style for inspiration across the world.  Diana's iconic fashion moments included her high-neck printed dresses with pearl buttons and bow details to the chic skirt suits and power shoulders of the late 1980s and early 1990s. Therefore, she is still seen as one of the biggest royal fashion inspirations. Throughout the past few years, she was most searched for by people in the USA. She also had 126 articles written about her choices along with 43,562 social engagements with people commenting on her as well. 