Around 15 youths are said to have damaged cars and scared families on an estate in Liscard, Merseyside, recently. Residents called for the government to "bring back National Service" last month following several crimes. After pleading with both Merseyside Police and Wirral Council for help, the families have brought in their own reinforcement in a bid to get rid of the gang that regularly patrols the streets. One dad, who lives on the road, told Liverpool Echo they pay the security firm a monthly fee and are given access to a 24/7 hotline in case anything happens. The firm conducts three patrols during the day and three patrols during the night. A number of homes on the road have taken the opportunity to employ the firm to protect both their properties and their families. Speaking today, the father of one, who asked not to be named, said: "We all had leaflets through the door from a private security firm so I decided to give them a call and now we pay for the services. None of us have been forced to join the security firm, we just want the protection. "We've all decided to get some improved security, whether it be through the security firm or through better CCTV going up. There are now three patrols in the day and three patrols in the night with a 24/7 helpline. "No waiting time that we would have with emergency services. We just ring them and they come. It's a real shame because residents in the area have lost all hope in the powers that be."  Police had previously stepped up patrols in the area to provide "reassurance to the local community." Speaking previously, Community Policing Inspector Alan McKeon said: "We have stepped up high visibility patrols in the Central Park area to provide reassurance to the local community. If you have any information on these incidents or any anti-social behaviour, please come and speak to patrols. Whether you tell us directly or anonymously, through Crimestoppers, please tell us so we can take action."  But co-owner of Backup Security Systems, Barry Fox, said a "pandemic of anti-social behaviour" has taken over the estate. He now offers it private security, regular patrols and a 24-hour number for £5 a week. The 45-year-old man said: "It's a pandemic of anti-social behaviour. It's horrible to see and that's why I do it. Everyone's had enough. There's one person who can't even go to the shop anymore because they're so scared. I have to go to the shop for them." 