The Belarus Ministry of Defence confirmed on Wednesday evening that one of the vehicles in the military area near Homel caught fire, though it said it was a result of an inspection run. Unconfirmed reports last night said explosions had been heard at the airfield closed to a facility largely used by Russian forces in Belarus. Visegrad 24 reported: "Eight large explosions reported from Ziabrauka airfield near Homel in Belarus. "Lots of Russian military gear is stationed there and the Russians often launch attacks against Ukraine from Ziabrauka. "Ukraine might have counterattacked Belarusian territory for the first time." Experts have been warning Vladimir Putin could be plotting to use Belarusian territory to strike an all out war with NATO nations. The Russian President has often threatened the EU and NATO nations with nuclear attacks since he invaded Ukraine on February 24. Russian forces have occupied large areas of eastern Ukraine, including Donetsk Oblast and Luhansk Oblast, but their offensive is beginning to stall. According to Dr Yuri Felshtinsky, author of the forthcoming book 'Blowing up Ukraine: The Return of Russian Terror and the Threat of World War III', Putin could make use of Belarusian territory to start a full-on nuclear war with the West. The author told Express.co.uk: "Russia does not have weapons to win the war through conventional methods. READ MORE: Russia EXODUS: Economy crisis over 170,000 vital missing workers "So what he will do and trust me, that's what he will do - although this is so terrible that people probably would refuse to believe it and refuse to see this way - he will move nuclear weapons to Belarus if he is allowed to do this. "And I'm sure that there are ways to prevent him from doing this. "But if he is allowed to move nuclear weapons to Belarus, they will fire from Belarus and then retaliation will be against Belarus. "And it's, by the way, very questionable to me if you could retaliate against Belarus with nuclear weapons, because it's a small state deep into Europe, and radiation probably will spread beyond the borders of Belarus. "So you probably would not retaliate against Belarus with nuclear weapons. "And then Putin will call all the European leaders and tell them, look, so you see what we are capable of doing. "Do you want to continue this? Do you want us to fire next level of nuclear weapons?" He continued: "Belarus is already taken by Russia. "They will fly from Belarus into Ukraine, into Poland. "And again, these are countries which are named by the Russian government and by Lukashenko, as countries either developing nuclear weapons to fire against the Russian Federation or countries where NATO plans to position nuclear weapons to fire against the Russian Federation. "This is not happening. We know this, but this doesn't really matter for propagandistic purposes, for Putin. "So I do believe that if he is allowed to move nuclear weapons to Belarus, this is an indication that he is going to use this nuclear weapons. "So I would argue that this should be prevented by all means, because then we are facing a real risk of nuclear war and we do not really know how we are going to behave and react if nuclear weapons are used. "And what Putin is probably doing is trying to force European leaders and American leaders to accept the fact that Russia would go as far as this to secure its demands, Putin's demands. "And so if he came to a decision to use nuclear weapons and he is not there yet, of course, it would be there, in Belarus. "He is not there yet, I repeat. But if he comes to this decision, then he will then contact the leaders of Europe and demand the surrender, claiming that now he will produce more powerful nuclear weapons against other European states." Russia is attacking scores of civilian and military targets in its bid to establish full control over the east Ukraine regions of Luhansk and Donetsk, with 120 rockets hitting the area around the town of Nikopol overnight, Ukrainian officials said. Dnipropetrovsk governor Valentyn Reznychenko said three people were killed and seven wounded by shelling in Nikopol when 120 Grad rockets hit the area. DON'T MISS:War with Russia will be over when Putin leaves Crimea, says Zelensky [INSIGHT]Russian airbase in Crimea suffers 'extensive damage' [VIDEO]Australia pulls back over Chinese ambassador’s ‘concerning’ language [ANALYSIS] "The enemy is concentrating its efforts on establishing full control over the territories of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions," Ukraine's General Staff said in an early Thursday report, citing more than 60 settlements and military targets. Heavy fighting raged around the eastern Ukrainian town of Pisky on Thursday, while to the west, Ukraine accused Russian forces of using a nuclear plant to shield artillery. An official with the Russia-backed Donetsk People's Republic said Pisky, on the front line 10 km (6 miles) northwest of the provincial capital Donetsk, was under the control of Russian and separatist forces. "It's hot in Pisky. The town is ours but there remain scattered pockets of resistance in its north and west," the official, Danil Bezsonov, said on Telegram. Ukrainian officials denied that the heavily fortified town, a key to the defence of Donetsk, had fallen.