The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are due to return to the UK in September for their third visit this year. Harry and Meghan met the Queen en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands in April and the couple attended a Service of Thanksgiving at St. Paul's Cathedral for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. The Sussexes are due to appear at the One Young World 2022 Manchester Summit on September 5 before travelling to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event. They will then head back to the UK to attend the WellChild Awards 2022 on September 8. Their return to the country of Harry's birth has led royal commentator Daniela Elser to claim the trip carries "the patina of royalty", in spite of the Duke and Duchess stepping back from royal duties and moving to California. A former Buckingham Palace staffer told the Daily Beast: "The chutzpah of those two is unreal. "Their proposal for being hybrid working royals was comprehensively rejected (at the Sandringham Summit), but it looks like they are just going ahead and doing it anyway."  Duncan Larcombe, a former royal editor at The Sun, has described the trip as a "calculated provocation" on the Sussexes' part. He claimed: "They are seriously pushing their luck and risking the wrath of the Queen." The Queen summoned Prince Harry, Prince William and Prince Charles to Sandringham more than two years ago to discuss the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's future in the Royal Family. In January of that year, the Monarch issued a statement which read: "Following many months of conversations and more recent discussions, I am pleased that together we have found a constructive and supportive way forward for my grandson and his family.   READ MORE ABOUT LIZ TRUSS SLASHING DOWNING STREET STAFF NUMBERS "Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved members of my family. "I recognize the challenges they have experienced as a result of intense scrutiny over the last two years and support their wish for a more independent life. "I want to thank them for all their dedicated work across this country, the Commonwealth and beyond, and am particularly proud of how Meghan has so quickly become one of the family. "It is my whole family’s hope that today’s agreement allows them to start building a happy and peaceful new life."   DON'T MISS: RAF captain refused order to overlook white male candidates [REVEALED] Should the BBC be defunded? [POLL] Royal Family LIVE: William 'treading on Harry's toes' [LATEST] Ms Elser said both Buckingham Palace and the Sussexes now appear to be "turning up the heat". The Telegraph claimed at the weekend the Queen, Charles and William will only be able to read Harry's forthcoming memoir upon its release. Harry has promised the work will be a first hand account of his life which is "accurate and wholly truthful". The "intimate and heartfelt" memoir will detail the "losses" and "life lessons" which have shaped the prince, but it has also led to speculation the work could include details of alleged racism in the Royal Family.  One allegation from Harry and Meghan's explosive interview with US TV host Oprah Winfrey was that there were "several conversations" within the Royal Family about how dark Meghan and Harry's first child might be. Ms Elser suggested Prince William is also moving in on turf which Harry and Meghan have been trying to carve out for themselves. The Duke of Cambridge is to travel to New York next month to attend an Earthshot Prize innovation summit as a countdown to the awards being staged in the US. William will make the solo trip on September 21. He will be joined by previous winners of his £50million global environmental competition. The Duke - who has a long-running rift with his younger brother - is unlikely to make the journey from the East Coast to the West Coast to visit his sibling.  William and Harry are also not expected to meet during the Sussexes' trip to the UK. It is the first time William has visited the US since Harry and Meghan decamped across the Atlantic after quitting the working monarchy. The Earthshot team will be co-hosting the summit, which takes place during NYC Climate Week and the 77th Session of the UN General Assembly, with Bloomberg Philanthropy. It was only last month that the Duke of Sussex was at the General Assembly, delivering a speech to mark Nelson Mandela Day which addressed the climate crisis as well as other issues. Ms Elser, in an op-ed published by nzherald.co.nz, said: "Between the Sussexes descending on London, William launching himself on the US market and the mystery of Harry's book all nearly simultaneously bubbling away, are things about to reach boiling point? "It all feels highly combustible and this is even before Harry and Meghan's 'at home' docuseries lands on Netflix." 