Over time, washing machines can start to smell, and upon closer inspection, black gunk, or mould can be found inside the door’s rubber seal. Express.co.uk spoke to Sarah Dempsey, Cleaning Expert from My Job Quote about the best way to clean a washing machine seal, and what products to use. Since they use so much water, it’s no surprise that the damp environment inside a washing machine can be a breeding ground for mould and bacteria. But it can be tricky to dislodge all the dirt and grime, especially if you don’t know how to do it without leaving permanent damage. How often you should clean your washing machine door seal depends on how much you use your washing machine. It's easy to work out when your door seal is in need of a scrub - if you notice unpleasant smells coming from the inside of your washing machine, or if there are visible dark marks on your washing machine rubber door seal, then that is always a good indicator that it needs to be cleaned. READ MORE: Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant There is a simple method to clean washing machine door seals that will have your seal looking brand new in a few minutes. Sarah said: “The best way to clean your washing machine seal is with a mixture of washing-up liquid and warm water. “You should begin by running a hot cycle with a cleaning product to clean the inside of the drum.” As for what cleaning products to use, Sarah suggested: “You can purchase specific cleaners designed for cleaning your washing machine, such as Calgon products. These are very popular products and help to remove dirt and bacteria from your entire washing machine system, ensuring that it is safe, fresh, and free from smells. DON'T MISS...Travel: Save £500 on summer holiday with experts top tips [VIDEO]How Meghan portays herself as ‘innocent’ and ‘humble’ - expert claims [COMMENT]James Martin lost 2st by adopting ‘key’ lifestyle change [INTERVIEW] “There are some additional household products that you can use to clean your washing machine. For example, you can spray the washing machine drum with white vinegar and wipe it all around the drum with a clean cloth. “This will help to get rid of residues and hard water stains and can even lift away grease easily. “You can also pour distilled white vinegar into the detergent dispenser and run the washing machine on a cycle with hot water. This will help to clean further into the system,” she added. “Once the cycle has finished,” it is time to address the dirty door seal. READ MORE: How to clean a radiator: 4 steps to removing dust and dirt inside Sarah said to “create a mixture of warm water and washing-up liquid”. “Gently lift the seal of the washing machine and use a clean cloth to wipe underneath the seal. “Spend some time ensuring you remove all of the residue and moisture from the seal,” she added. “If you want to be more thorough and get into every nook and cranny, add some white vinegar to a cotton bud. “Then, use the cotton bud to clean all around the underneath of the seal, adding more vinegar as needed. “After cleaning the seal, run a hot cycle to remove all of the remaining vinegar from the drum.” To reduce mould building up inside the seal after cleaning it, Sarah said not to shut the door. “Whenever your washing machine is not in use, it’s important to leave the door slightly ajar,” she explained. “As well as the detergent drawer as this will allow air to circulate through the system, preventing the build-up of mould and bacteria.” Another area to consider cleaning is the stand pipe. “If you complete these steps and your washing machine is still smelling, it’s worth inspecting the stand pipe as there may be a collection of dirty, smelly water or mould,” Sarah said.