James Herriot actor Nicholas talked about the emotional Christmas episode when he discussed the show on the Masterpiece Studio podcast. The actor recalled how he had filmed the episode during the summer but he had to be dressed up as if it were freezing and he joked he suffered "heatstroke" as he gave his view on his character in the hit Channel 5 show. Masterpiece Studio's Jace Lacob talked about the most recent instalment of the popular escapism series. He stated: "James initially declines Mrs P's offer of a fireside glass of sherry. "But then thinks the better of it before organising an entire Christmas lunch at Pumphrey Manor so that Mrs P isn't alone on Christmas. "What triggers this impromptu solution to his and Helen's Christmas Lunch dilemma?" READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring "Yeah, I think it all comes from the glass of sherry!" Nicholas replied. "He's about to rush off and then he thinks, 'Oh I've got time for a quick glass of sherry.' "And we see Pumphrey Manor in the state that it was, you know, all covered in sheets and perhaps a bit cold. "And it's just Mrs Punphrey in there - and Tricki, of course. "So I think it's in that time in there that he comes up with the plan of how best to go about the Christmas lunch and yeah, it turns out for the best." "The Christmas Lunch scene unites all, or I should say nearly all, with the absence of Diana Brompton - of All Creatures cast," Jace pointed out. "Considering the Covid protocols of this season and production, what was it like to get to film these scenes together as a united cast?" "Oh, just fantastic," the Scottish actor remarked. "Absolutely brilliant." DON'T MISS... The Handmaid's Tale's Elisabeth Moss lands huge new role on rival show [LATEST]Tippi Hedren opens up on Alfred Hitchcock's 'obsession' with her [VIDEO]Mock the Week AXED by BBC after 17 years [LATEST] He went on: "And of course, we filmed the Christmas episode in June, I think it was. "So you know, it was sweltering and I was lugging in that Christmas tree in a three-piece suit with a hat on. "I was suffering from heatstroke! But no, it was a lot of fun and by that point, the restrictions were lessening throughout shooting. "So I think by that point, I can't remember where we were exactly, but they were definitely less than they were when we started. So yeah - it was an absolute joy." The 32-year-old added: "I mean, even on the first week of rehearsals back in February, when we were all in masks, windows were open and this very cold church we were doing rehearsals in - it was crazy. "Because I'd just been in a flat with my flatmate for months and then all of a sudden I was in this rehearsal room with 15 other people sometimes. "And all these people that got on so well and I loved from the previous season, it was just so good!" All Creatures Great and Small fans are eager to find out what the famous vet is up to in the next instalments of the comforting series, and it seems they won't have to wait too much longer. All Creatures Great and Small season 3 will air later in 2022.