First comes the surge in energy prices that is scaring too many old folk as the winter approaches. Here we are an island built on coal and surrounded by oil and gas, not to mention that waiting to be “fracked” on land, yet we fall prey to Vladimir Putin’s blackmail. To put the tin hat on it, we even closed down North Sea gas storage as society cowered before the environmental zealots. Verdict: sheer and utter incompetence. Second, we have insecure energy supplies even though a zero carbon target by 2050 involves phasing out fossil fuels and moving to all-electric cars when we haven’t a clue where the power supply is to come from. This is because, again bowing to the zealots, we have neglected nuclear power for 25 years. And it is anybody’s guess when the European reactor being built at Hinkley Point in Somerset will come on stream, given the long delays with similar technology in Finland and France. Verdict: unforgivable incompetence linked with cowardice. Third, while there is no excusing official failings, we find ourselves beset by a host of environmental bodies from Friends of the Earth – enemies more like – to Extinction Rebellion preaching climatic Armageddon while glued to the nearest motorway. You would not think that the UK is responsible for a mere one per cent of global CO2 pollution - unless, of course, these fanatics succeed in shutting down the economy. Fourth, the hosepipe bans. You would not think that often the first topic of conversation in Britain is rain. Yet as soon as we run into a long dry spell we are exhorted to save water on pain of having supply cut off. This is not just because new reservoirs are anathema to environmentalists but also because water companies have sold many off. Verdict: unacceptable risk-taking combined with greed. Fifth, the NHS. The pandemic has given it an awful battering but it was failing long before then. Yet, while we are short of nurses and doctors, administrators are wasting everybody’s time and risking our health by issuing, like the Civil Service and other national institutions, ridiculous ways of avoiding giving offence to one or other hypersensitive branch of society. No wonder the NHS is short of cash. Verdict: a long-standing case of warped priorities. Sixth, GP practices. It is the devil’s own job these days to get a face-to-face meeting with a family doctor. But from all accounts, lots of doctors are only part-time and seem to have no thought for the pressure they are putting on A&E departments and the anxiety and pain they are causing patients they ought to have seen. Verdict: have they never heard of the Hippocratic oath they are supposed to have taken to protect life at all times? Unprofessional self-indulgence. Seventh, trade unions who are currently striking to secure higher wages to offset the cost of living. This proves one of two things: either they are pig ignorant since whatever success they have will send prices higher or they are playing a political game to get rid of the Tories. Either way, they are, as usual, abusing their power. Verdict: they are in need of another Thatcher-like taming. Come on Liz Truss. Eighth, the education system. It is so preoccupied with protecting young minds from distress whether of racial or colonial origin that it is doubtful whether anybody will learn anything other than a sanitized version of our history. And it is so obsessed with gender in all its weird and wonderful forms that it is as much a corrupting influence on the young as the anti-social media with its daily diet of bunkum, gambling, violence and porn. Verdict: academics should ask themselves where they put their reason and morality. Ninth, the forces of law and order. While some voices of sanity are now being belatedly heard, the fact is that the police have lost their way, infected with wokery by a mad world. Verdict: The only way back is drastically to reduce serious crime. Last, politicians. They are supposed to keep the country functioning in good order. They have manifestly failed. They are testing faith in our leaders and have even destroyed the latest. They had better pull themselves up short PDQ, get a backbone and turn over a new leaf. Verdict: it is time they realised politics is not a dirty game but protecting the public interest. This is not an inspiring bulletin on our condition but I hope you think it fair. What do you think? Let us know in the comments below.