Almost all homes in the UK will have some mould spores located somewhere. These mould spores only need a food source and moisture to grow on various surfaces in the home. The experts at The Home Depot claimed the “key” is to oust mould before it spreads and causes a bigger problem. Mould can cause an unpleasant smell in the home and can even cause prized personal possessions to become musty, ruined relics. If left unchecked and unresolved, mould can cause wood surfaces to rot and can even lead to health issues. Before getting rid of mould, homeowners will need to eliminate any moisture issues at their source. The experts said: “Indoors, repair any plumbing leaks and install extractor fans in bathrooms, the kitchen and laundry room. READ MORE: Property expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid “Be sure your gutters and downspouts are clear and that water is properly draining away from your home's foundation. “Running a dehumidifier to reduce the overall moisture level in your home can also keep mould from growing.” Before manually getting rid of any mould growth in the home, homeowners need to ensure they wear protective clothing such as rubber gloves, a mask and goggles. Mould gives off microscopic spores that can come in contact with your eyes, skin and be inhaled. DON'T MISSUse apple cider to get rid of ivy - ‘works the best’ [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [UPDATE]Three ‘effective’ methods to deter ants - ‘they can’t get through' [ANALYSIS] According to the cleaning experts, homeowners can also make their own “mould killing solution” using “common household items”. They said: “Undiluted white vinegar can be sprayed onto hard surfaces in kitchens and baths. “A bleach solution is also an option. Dilute the bleach with water as directed by the manufacturer. “Ammonia also works. Mix a 50/50 solution and spray on the surface. Wait two to three hours and rinse. “However, never mix ammonia with bleach or other cleaning products. This will create toxic and dangerous fumes. “On exterior surfaces you can apply a 1:10 solution of bleach and water to the surface. Allow 10 to 20 minutes and rinse with a garden hose.” For cleaning exterior surfaces, homeowners may want to use a TSP solution which is also known as trisodium phosphate. TSP is a white, granular or crystalline solid which is highly soluble in water, producing an alkaline solution. The chemical is used as a cleaning agent, builder, lubricant, food additive, stain remover, and degreaser. If using this, ensure the product’s instructions are followed. For those with a large exterior mould area, use a pressure washer to speed up the job. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There are detergents specially-formulated to get rid of mould using specific mould-killing ingredients which help to speed up the job. When using these products, homeowners need to ensure they follow the manufacturer’s guidance for the proper application. When mould has been cleaned, dispose of any cloths, sponges or equipment in a sealed bag. Clothes need to be immediately washed in a separate laundry load so there’s no risk of the mould spores spreading to other clothes.