In July, the Welsh Government confirmed it would be changing driving laws in August 2023 to make 20mph the default speed limit in built-up areas. The Welsh Senedd said this would help save lives, develop safer communities, improve the quality of life and encourage more people to make sustainable and active travel choices. Currently, just 2.5 percent of Welsh roads have a speed limit of 20mph, but from next year this is expected to increase to approximately 35 percent. The speed limit is not a blanket limit as local authorities will determine which roads should remain at 30 mph. Julie James, the Minister for Climate Change, said Wales was “leading the way for other UK nations to follow”. Despite the optimism around the project, Monmouthshire Council confirmed this week that some stretches of 20mph road would be altered. READ MORE: 'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack Two roads in the Welsh town of Caldicot are set to be reverted to 30mph zones, just three months after slashing the speed limits. Residents in the area raised concerns about the speed limits, saying they were making congestion in the town worse. The council said that one section of the road would continue to be a 20mph zone during school pick-up and drop-off times. Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com, called on drivers to be safe on the roads, no matter the speed limit. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to visit petrol station more often to boost fuel economy [INSIGHT]The best fuel-efficient family cars on the market - Ford, Peugeot, VW [IMPORTANT]Angry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING] Speaking to Express.co.uk: “Our research shows that almost four in five (79 percent) drivers admit to having broken the speed limit at some point. “Although some motorists might feel that speed limits are an inconvenience, they're there to ensure our roads are safe for all - particularly in areas with narrow roads, schools, and hospitals. "If caught speeding, motorists could land themselves with a ticket, points on their license or even be asked to attend a speed awareness course. “If you're faced with a fine, there's a chance that it could be calculated based on your salary so it could be heftier than you first think. "Obeying speed limits in your area will help to keep all road users safe.” So far, more than 40,000 people have signed a petition calling on the Welsh Government to scrap the new legislation. The creator of the petition, Adie Drury from Buckley, wrote: “It is causing chaos, people avoiding the area and people having to take new routes. “Despite the Welsh Government having spent nearly £30,000 on signage alone, these signs have not been thought through. “There are completely unnecessary signs at the start of 50m long, single track, unadopted and untarmaced roads that you physically couldn't drive down over 10mph. (sic) “This is your warning Wales, this scheme is coming for you too.” People are seven times more likely to survive if they are hit by a car driving at 20mph than if they are hit at 30mph. According to a recent Express.co.uk survey of more than 6,100 readers, a vast majority - 76 percent - voted that residential roads should not be limited to 20mph. Other towns and cities across the UK are starting to look into the viability of employing such 20mph schemes. One Oxfordshire town is set to slash its speed limits soon, with Witney being the first place to take advantage of the County Council’s £8million programme to create safer, healthier and quieter streets. Plans for dozens of 30mph roads in the town to have their speed limits reduced were approved and are set to be introduced in the future. The county council has been inundated with requests from towns and villages to bring in 20mph zones since it launched the policy in February. The first two phases of the project are now fully booked, although communities can still apply to be part of the third delivery phase which takes place in 2024 and 2025.