Michael O’Donnell who suffers from agoraphobia received £9,191.41 in back payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for the period between March 2016 and June 2022. This was awarded after he asked his MP to look into whether he received the correct mobility element of Personal Independence Payments (PIP). This could pave the way for thousands more people to successfully appeal PIP decisions. A Glasgow man has thanked his local MP for her help after he was awarded more than £9,000 in backdated PIP payments. Mr O'Donnell thanked MP Alison Thewliss for her support and said the money had been “truly life-changing” after years of being shortchanged by the DWP. He told the Glasgow Evening Times: “The patience and dedication shown by the team is something which I am extremely grateful for. “I have been trying for years to get this PIP payment but to get it after such a long period of waiting has been such a relief." READ MORE: Pensioner shares how he makes an extra £300 a month The PIP claimant continued: “The amount of money I have received is truly life-changing and will help greatly in the lead-up to Christmas. “Since getting this money, I have spoken with several friends to urge them to speak with Alison about any issue they have due to how helpful she has been in this process.” The MP helped Mr O'Donnell pursue a Legal Entitlements and Administrative Practices (LEAP) review as he believed his mobility element may have been miscalculated. She said the DWP were very helpful and no doubt this amount of money would make a huge difference to his life. DON'T MISSWoman rates energy efficient kitchen appliances [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax: The way you can pass on £1 million tax free [INSIGHT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Money making tips: Man shares how he makes £1,100 a month extra [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, thousands of Britons are missing out on PIP because they don’t know their condition means they could qualify for this Government help. PIP replaced the Disability Living Allowance in 2013 for people whose disability affects their ability to work and carry out everyday tasks. It’s paid to Britons who haven’t yet reached state pension age and is worth up to £627 a month depending on the severity of someone’s condition. PIP also acts as a gateway benefit to other freebies which could help Britons save thousands more such as help towards energy bills. Mental health conditions that should qualify for PIP include: Poverty charity Turn2Us recommends checking its PIP Test guide before making a claim. One of the biggest myths about PIP claims is that people can’t claim if they are employed. PIP can be claimed by anyone who is working either full or part-time. It’s also not means-tested, so it doesn’t matter how much someone earns.