Olivia Newton-John’s daughter Chloe Lattanzi, 36, has posted a tribute to her Grease actress mother on Instagram. Olivia died yesterday aged 73, after battling breast cancer three times since 1992. In view of her 87.8k followers, Chloe uploaded a video to a song she recorded with her mother. The stunning duo can be seen performing side by side in a studio, holding one another in a tight embrace. Chloe evidently shares her mum’s singing abilities as she put on a stellar performance. Alongside the post, Chloe wrote: “You are my lighthouse mama. “My safe place. My heart space. It has been my honor and continues to be my honor to be your baby and best friend. “You are an angel on earth and everyone touched by you has been blessed. “I love you forever my life giver, my teacher, my mama,” she signed off. Her friends and fans flocked to show their support in what must be a devastating time for the family.  Leanne wrote: “Thank you for sharing this amazing video with us all! Love you”. Mburnstein1 added: “We all send you love and hugs”. “ah so beautiful so sorry Chloe,” penned Niamh. Olivia died peacefully, surrounded by her friends and family, at her ranch in Southern California. DON'T MISS...Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [TV] 'Nipple popped out' Love Island star Ekin-Su's 'wardrobe malfunction' [PICTURES] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] A statement from her official Facebook page read:“We ask that everyone please respect the family’s privacy during this very difficult time.” "Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer. "Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer. "In lieu of flowers, the family asks that any donations be made in her memory to the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund (ONJFoundationFund.org)." In May 2017, it was announced Olivia’s cancer had returned after her 1992 and 2013 bouts and metastasized to her lower back, spreading to her bones and progressing to stage four. Her back pains had initially been misdiagnosed as sciatica. The star later revealed this was actually her third bout with breast cancer, as she had privately battled a recurrence of the disease in 2013, in addition to her initial 1992 battle. Three days before her death, the star revealed what was most important to her by sharing a picture with her beloved husband John Easterling, 70, to social media. The picture, which Olivia captioned “#flashbackfriday”, showed her husband with his arms wrapped around the actress, as she leaned gently on his shoulder.