Today, Saturday 6th August, 2022, James Bond GoldenEye hits ITV screens at 8pm. The 007 film marks the first time Pierce Brosnan was ever seen as the international spy. And although he had some big shoes to fill - he was replacing Timothy Dalton - director Campbell was confident he would become a great Bond. Fans had other ideas, however. With Brosnan came the turn of the century. And with it, a number of big changes in the Bond franchise. Brosnan not only revolutionised the Bond franchise with flashy special effects and a new, chic style, but Campbell messed with some Bond traditions. First of all, Campbell got rid of Bond's iconic Aston Martin car and replaced it with a BMW. If that wasn't bad enough, fans had issues with Bonds new sometimes serious attire and practical gadgets. Eventually, he was cornered by fans. Campbell recalled promoting GoldenEye back in 1995. He said: "I was in New York with GoldenEye and I was invited to one of those fan conventions. I was naive enough to think these people didn't take this kind of thing seriously." He added: "And I went out on stage and I was amazed at the questions." Perhaps the most egregious change for the die-hard fans was the complete swap of actors for M. READ MORE: James Bond hopeful Idris Elba lands spy thriller in new deal GoldenEye introduced Dame Judi Dench as M - Bond's boss. She has, of course, gone on to play the character ever since, making the role completely her own before being killed off in 2012's Skyfall. But before Dench came onto the scene, British star Bernard Lee played M in 11 Bond movies, from 1962 to 1979. Campbell recalled being hounded by fans: "They hammered me." (Via Empire) DON'T MISS...James Bond hopeful Idris Elba lands spy thriller in new deal [NEWS]Next James Bond odds slashed on Irish star gaining on Tom Hardy [INFO]Next James Bond: Tom Hardy 007 comeback threatens Idris Elba's lead [INSIGHT] Of course, Brosnan quickly became a massive hit in the Bond fandom. GoldenEye was critically acclaimed and made a staggering $356 million at the box office. He went on to star in a total of four Bond movies before bowing out of the series. Brosnan later recalled being "kicked to the curb" after "asking for more money" for a fifth Bond movie. Brosnan was quoted telling the story in the book "Some Kind of Hero: The Remarkable Story of the James Bond Films". He said: "I was in the Bahamas, working on a movie called After the Sunset and my agents called me up and said, ‘Negotiations have stopped. [Producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael Wilson] are not quite sure what they want to do. They’ll call you next Thursday.'" Barbara and Michael called him back to tell him: "I'm so sorry ... You were a great James Bond. Thank you very much." SOURCE / SOURCE