The Countess of Wessex showed off a "good steady hand" as she filmed a record-breaking moment with her phone. The footage, filmed on August 1 during the Commonwealth Games held in Birmingham, was later shared on Twitter by the Royal Family's official account. The brief clip shows Canadian weightlifter Maude Charron triumphing in the women's 64-kilogram weightlifting event and setting a new Commonwealth Games record. Charron had previously spoken about feeling a lot of pressure to perform at the ongoing Games after having won a gold medal at the 2021 Tokyo Olympics and in the 63-kilogram class at the 2018 Gold Coast Commonwealth Games. In the video, Sophie maintains her still hand while those around her cheer loudly for the sportswoman. Upon sharing the clip, the Royal Family's official social media account wrote: "The moment @m_charron28 broke a Commonwealth Games record!" The message included a camera emoji next to Sophie's title, to credit the royal for her contribution. Sophie's decision to share her video with the official account was particularly welcomed by many royal watchers. Twitter user @loveforcambridg wrote: "Amazing! Congratulations to Maude. Love that this video was recorded by The Countess." Similarly, @countesscommon1 wrote: "LOVE that this was recorded by the Countess! Well done Maude Charron." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's biographer's new book to 'have the world talking' Andrea Palmer asked the Firm to share more videos filmed by its members, saying: "I like this. Please upload more videos from royal members at events." Joe Little, the managing editor of Majesty magazine, also commented on Sophie's skills, as he wrote on Twitter: "A good steady hand on the part of royal cameraman the Countess of Wessex." Sophie's video was taken during a day filled with sporting events for the whole Wessex family. She arrived at Birmingham's National Exhibition Centre (NEC) in the early afternoon with her husband Prince Edward and their children Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. The family of four first sat down to watch a badminton match between Malaysia and England, with the home team losing 3-0. After watching the thrilling weightlifting event, they also sat in the stands during boxing matches taking place yesterday. For this rare appearance as a family, Sophie looked typically stylish in a navy shirt and patterned blue skirt. Her daughter Louise donned a pink and blue patterned dress previously worn by the Countess at the Chelsea Flower Show in 2015. While on that occasion Sophie had worn it with a pair of nude heels, the teenager opted for a more relaxed combination, wearing a pair of white trainers. James wore a smart white polo shirt, while his father the Earl of Wessex, who attended the events as the vice president of the Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF), donned a white shirt underneath a blue jacket and beige trousers. Given Edward's prominent role in the CGF, the Wessexes have been particularly visible so far during the Games. The Earl and Countess attended the Opening Ceremony alongside Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, on Thursday evening. On the following day, they were spotted watching a Rugby Sevens match accompanied by Princess Anne and Sir Timothy Laurence, her husband. Edward also played a key role ahead of the beginning of the Games, as in October last year he joined the Queen for an uplifting ceremony outside of Buckingham Palace. During the event, the monarch sent off the Games' Baton which, containing her message for the event, travelled over the past nine months across the 72 territories taking part in the tournament.