This, I'm afraid, will add hundreds of pounds to a standard variable mortgage. But perhaps even more frightening are the Bank’s latest predictions. They expect inflation to reach 13 percent, energy prices at £300 a month this winter, and a recession lasting five quarters. This is a contraction similar in scale to financial crisis or the early 1990s recession. Nor will these higher interest rates prevent inflation from still being nine percent in a year’s time. This is, to put it mildly, a catastrophe. We are entering an era of stagflation, last seen in the 1970s, made up of slow growth and high inflation. Life will be tough. Families will have to choose between heating their home or going hungry. Unions will go on strike. Political instability can be expected. The Bank blames the situation on Russia’s war with Ukraine, pushing up global energy prices, and Covid-related supply chain issues. It turns out shutting down the global economy for an extended period of time was not costless. But the Bank has almost entirely failed to acknowledge the significant role played by their historic increase in monetary supply during 2020-21 – and the subsequent inflation denial and failure to put up rates sooner. The Bank has dramatically failed to meet their target – two percent annual inflation – and should be held to account. The past cannot be undone. But we can stop making the same mistakes again. The latest data shows money supply is continuing to increase. Sadly but necessarily, interest rates will need to go up even more. Furthermore, the Government has a role in alleviating some of the harshest cost pressures for the poorest households. These changes, however, will only go so far. They will redistribute a shrinking economic pie. More fundamentally, we need supply-side reform that makes the pie larger. This means addressing the regulatory state, which has hamstrung our economy by preventing it from producing, holding down wages and pushing up costs. A recent report from the Institute of Economic Affairs, Cutting Through, found that cutting red tape could save households £9,000 per year.   This would require some radical reforms to our planning system, that has pushed up housing costs by limiting the ability to build and made doing business more expensive by making it a struggle to get factory, lab and office space. It would mean reforming childcare regulation, that includes some of the most stringent educational standards and child-to-carer ratios in Europe. It would mean a rethink of our energy markets, with a focus on boosting supplies of gas through fracking and from the North Sea. Difficult times are coming – but, with the right reforms, they need not be forever.  Matthew Lesh is the head of public policy at the Institute of Economic Affairs 