Arsenal are 'anxious' to tie William Saliba down to a new contract, according to reports. The Gunners are claimed to have made contact with the player's representatives regarding his future at the Emirates. Saliba made his long-awaited competitive debut for Arsenal last week in the 2-0 win at Crystal Palace. He was named man of the match by the Sky Sports commentary team following his commanding performance alongside Gabriel Magalhaes at the back. Saliba has had three loan spells away from Arsenal since his £27million move to the club in 2019. His contract expires at the end of next season and there has been interest in his signature, especially since he made his senior France debut. And 90min.com claims that the Gunners are now keen to open up talks regarding an extension to his current deal. Arsenal were initially knocked back by Saliba and his representatives earlier this summer when they attempted to begin talks over a new deal. Transfer news LIVE: Rashford view on PSG, Chelsea's Fofana pressure, De Jong latest  The 21-year-old wanted to know where he stood in terms of game time this season. But if his performance against Palace is anything to go by, he is likely to be a regular this term. The Gunners are said to be anxious to get a deal done with Saliba. Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and Barcelona have all been linked with the player in some capacity. Arsenal are confident he will sign a new contract and have made contact in an attempt to get that sorted soon. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says Saliba showed maturity beyond his years on his debut at Palace. He said: "You don't really see that. At 21 years old, debut in the Premier League, against this opponent, against physical players - and resolve that situation the way he has done it. DON'T MISSMan Utd have approval to negotiate second Barca deal as well as De JongChelsea tipped for title challenge if Tuchel completes three signingsMan Utd can turn to four players with £50m Cody Gakpo blocked by PSV  "With that composure, with that calmness and with that presence. So big credit to the boy." Saliba was delighted to have finally made his first appearance for the Gunners and hopes for that to continue. He said: "I've waited a long time, but we did it [won and kept a clean sheet] in my first ever game, and I am so happy. "It's very good when you start to have your first (chance) in this amazing club. So I am so happy and hungry for more." 