People you are mixing with will be unusual in some way. This will make you feel more inspired and adventurous. Your circle of friends, both old and new, will be a source of pleasure and inspiration. Rather than holding back, you are ready to plunge into new activities with gusto. Some people are more able to handle more than one job at once. You will prefer to take one thing at a time. There’s a lot going on, and the best way to handle it is to focus your attention on one area. Don’t worry about what others think of you: do what’s best for you. Continuing an argument with someone who is known to be stubborn is a waste of energy. You love a good debate, but there’s a difference between debate and argument. There is no chance of changing someone’s opinion, so why not channel your energy into activities that are likely to get results.  You’ve always been aware of your strong emotions, and they do influence your thoughts and opinions. Even so, you are doing your best to remain calm and logical in a situation that is growing intense. The last thing you want is to be accused of being temperamental. You have a lot to do, and there isn’t much time to do it in. That’s why your intention will be to make every moment count. Avoid friends and colleagues who like to stand and chat and find a quiet corner where you can get on without any interference. You will want to consider a suggestion that was put to you concerning a new direction in your career. As interesting as this idea might be, once you have thought about it, you might not really see any potential in this for the future.  You’re feeling incredibly energetic with a strong desire to be active. You might take advantage of your high spirits to get started on home improvement plans you’ve been thinking about for a while. Or you could clear the decks of outstanding chores and problems you’ve been holding over until a rainy day. Seeing the results of some past decisions will make you more confident about what you are doing now. You are even more determined to achieve your current goals. Although you have a lot to plan and think about, you will be taking a careful and organised approach to essential matters. It will mean a lot to you to be able to connect with someone who supports your dreams. A job you have taken on may be heavy and time-consuming, but one compensation will come through the people you meet along the way. Don’t be surprised if you are asked to make a public presentation.  There is a troublemaker in your midst. Because you prefer to stay in the background and observe, you won’t find it difficult to suss them out. Let people talk, and someone will trip over their lies. If arrangements are cancelled, be ready to pivot. Improvisation is key. Sharing new experiences will be a perfect chance for you and a partner to explore each other’s whims and fantasies. It’s a time to try something new, be creative and have fun. Being with someone you trust will give you the confidence to experiment with ideas that might uplift and inspire you. An old friendship is about to be renewed, and it could be a surprise change in events that throw the pair of you together. It will have been some time since you last saw each other and although you have both changed a lot, they are still the same old person you used to know. 