The US and Iran are close to saving a deal to stop Tehran developing nuclear weapons after 17 months of indirect talks mediated by the EU. However, Iran’s Atomic Energy Organisation cast doubt on whether an agreement will be reached by claiming on Tuesday that the UN nuclear watchdog’s investigation into Iran is “excessive”. A major sticking point of the US-Iranian talks has been Tehran’s insistence that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) halt its probe into man-made uranium particles found at Iran’s undeclared nuclear sites. Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi, who entered office a year ago, has continued Tehran’s claims that its nuclear programme is only for civilian use. However, back in the early 2000s Iran purportedly built a substantial complex to build nukes under a project known as the “AMAD Plan”. Running from 1989 to 2003, the project aimed to build five nukes and prepare an underground nuclear test site, according to the IAEA. Some experts fear that Iran may have used the US talks as delaying tactics, giving it time to re-launch its nuclear programme. Ms Stricker said she expected Iran to be seeking more than five nukes as she discussed Iran’s nuclear capabilities. She said: “Under the AMAD Plan, the pre-2003 nuclear weapons programme, they had planned to build an initial five weapons. “So, I think alarm bells are going off for some people, that they could achieve what they had wanted to do under the AMAD Plan. “On the other hand, it would make a lot more sense if you were going to break out for nuclear weapons that you would want to be able to build more than five. “Particularly because they might provoke a bombing campaign if they were to do so and get caught. “So, I would personally expect them to go for more than just the five.” DON'T MISS: Liz Truss’ Cabinet predicted: ‘Young, diverse and right wing’ [LATEST]'No doubt at all' that Putin willing to use nuclear weapons – 'Part of Russian doctrine' [INSIGHT]WW3 looming as 'no good options' remain in 'dangerous' China-US conflict over Taiwan [ANALYSIS] The US-Iranian negotiations to revive their nuclear deal began under US President Joe Biden’s administration last year. Both nations were signatories to the original deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Struck in 2015, the landmark accord was also signed by China, France, Russia, Germany and the UK. The deal offered Iran relief from billions of dollars of sanctions in exchange for Tehran agreeing to curb its nuclear programme. However, the US withdrew from the JCPOA in 2018 under then President Donald Trump in one of his first acts as leader. Mr Trump instead reverted to a “maximum pressure” campaign of sanctions designed to cripple Iran’s oil-reliant economy. In response, Iran ramped up its nuclear programme, and warned of its abilities to develop nukes. This included Iranian nuclear scientists enriching uranium up to levels over 60 percent purity. The move alarmed Western nations as it put Iran a step closer to 90 percent purity – the level needed to make nuclear weapons.