Meghan Markle will be celebrating her 41st birthday today. Express.co.uk spoke to Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic and astrologer about the Duchess of Sussex’s star sign and personality traits, and how the stars can play a part in decision making. She also revealed how the traits of a Leo can impact Meghan’s future, one which she suggested would make her “very, very famous”. Meghan is a Leo, and Inbaal looked at the qualities this star sign has, and whether they are a true representation of the Duchess. The expert also looked at the ways Meghan might show these traits and how they can impact her daily life or choices. Inbaal said: “Leos are proud and sunny. They are the golden superstars of the zodiac and shine brighter than anyone. “They are born to be on a stage, or a podium, or a throne. A little higher than everyone else. READ MORE: Archie to be left ‘confused’ by Meghan and Harry’s decision “Ruled by the sun, they keep no secrets and tell no lies. Upfront and confident, they lead from the front. “Powerful of constitution and mindset, they don't show when things upset them, not because they're hiding anything, but because they reject the upset, and make themselves feel good, even when they feel bad.” A word Inbaal used to describe Leo is “resilient”. She added: “Their big hearts pull them towards supporting charitable causes. DON'T MISS...Money-saving expert's clever test to check freezer is energy efficient [GUIDE]‘Tone your tummy!’ Get rid of menopause belly fat in 3 steps [VIDEO]Remove limescale from toilet bowl with no cleaning products [EXPERT] “Meghan certainly embodies many of those qualities. A star in her own right, well before making any royal connections, her driven personality got her to places that her humble beginnings could not predict. “She boldly put one foot in front of the other, to achieve outcomes that many people can only dream of. “She's the recipient of a distinguished award for her public service, and her children are first cousins to a future King of England. Not bad going for 41 years! “But really not beyond the realms of possibility for a Leo. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour “When a Leo gets up in the morning, they don't expect to have a regular day, they expect to have a phenomenal day. This allows them the confidence to make phenomenal choices. “A selection of phenomenal days, makes for a phenomenal life,” the astrologer suggested. “What makes Meghan Markle a truly outstanding character, however, is the combinations in her full astrological chart. “Her ascendant sign is family-loving and traditional Cancer, which means she'll do anything for her nearest and dearest. “Her moon sign is soft and balanced Libra, an elegant and kind-hearted sign, which is also evident in her conduct. “Her main planets are all in four consecutive signs - Cancer (ascendant and Mars), Leo (sun and Mercury), Virgo (where her Venus is) and Libra (Moon, Jupiter and Saturn). “This very interesting phenomenon is often observed in star charts of people who become very, very famous,” Inbaal commented. “Meghan's personality isn't commonplace, it is unique. “On some level, all Leos are kind of unique. But her chart is even more special. “The fans that she earns, and the haters who react to her, are all inevitable consequences of having this unusual combination of planets,” the expert suggested.