It is understood Alison Hammond is "in demand" with ITV bosses and is being lined up to host the Big Brother reboot. However, sources have said the 47-year-old This Morning presenter "does not want to burn any bridges" with seasoned presenters like Holly Willoughby.  The bubbly Brummie reportedly fears "stepping on Holly's toes" as ITV is set to transform her into the new "queen of television". Alison has been incredibly popular with This Morning viewers after becoming a regular host with Dermot O'Leary. She is now the rumoured favourite to host the new series of Big Brother - the show which made her famous back in 2002. The highly anticipated reboot of the reality series will air on ITV2 next year. READ MORE: The Repair Shop star 'nervous' over restoration of Judi Dench item Despite not winning her series of Big Brother when it was broadcast on Channel 4, Alison shot to fame following her short stint on the show. However, insiders have claimed Alison is "freaking out behind the scenes" after being "inundated" with new job offers. “Alison is definitely ITV’s new queen of TV and while many are surprised Holly isn’t being lined up for the Big Brother job, it’s a no-brainer to give it to Alison," a source told Closer. “She’s been really shocked to be this in demand at this point in her career and ITV is determined for her to become their next big star, and they want to strike while the iron is hot.”  The source admitted: “But Alison is freaking out behind the scenes. She doesn’t want to be accused of stepping on Holly’s toes. "She’s afraid to bring anything up with her, even though she thinks Holly will be supportive – she’s embarrassed.” If Alison signed the Big Brother contract it would mean she could only work for ITV unless she got special permission to host a show on an alternative channel. Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. DON'T MISS...Alison Hammond weight loss: How TV star shed pounds 'at her own pace' [LATEST]Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary confirm break from This Morning [UPDATE]Alison Hammond breaks silence on Dermot O'Leary ‘b***h’ comment [INSIGHT] The Big Brother house is getting a full makeover for the upcoming series with a look to match the reimagination of the show. The public will vote throughout the series on the people they wish to keep on the reality programme as the weeks unfold. Paul Mortimer, from ITV2 said: "This refreshed, contemporary new series of Big Brother will contain all the familiar format points that kept viewers engaged and entertained the first time round, but with a brand new look and some additional twists that speak to today's audience. "We're beyond excited to bring this iconic series to ITV2 and ITVX where it should especially engage with our younger viewers."   This year has been a promising one for Alison who has been nominated for best TV presenter at this year's National Television Awards Her This Morning co-stars Holly and Phillip Schofield were snubbed over the award. Alison will be battling it out against Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly for the prestigious award which the Geordie duo has scooped since 2001. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.  