Chelsea are desperate to sign Leicester centre-back Wesley Fofana this summer but have had a second bid of £70million rejected by the Foxes. The 21-year-old is regarded as one of the best young defenders in Europe, although he missed the majority of the last campaign with a broken leg. Leicester are reportedly holding out for £80m for the youngster, but Chelsea could attempt to sweeten the deal by offering their Premier League counterparts a player exchange. And Express Sport takes a look at four Blues players who could head to the King Power Stadium. Chelsea have already reportedly discussed the prospect of offering Leicester Ruben Loftus-Cheek. The 26-year-old midfielder has attracted interest from the Foxes in the past and would likely find game time easier to come by if he did move to the east Midlands. Loftus-Cheek came through the Chelsea academy and has gone on to make 121 first-team appearances for the Blues. But he has been in and out of the team under Thomas Tuchel, and the German could feel the ace is worth sacrificing in his pursuit of Fofana. Chelsea’s chase of Fofana took a fresh twist this weekend after it was reported that Leicester were interested in signing Callum Hudson-Odoi. The Foxes are understood to have already held discussions with the Blues over the winger, but Southampton are also vying for his signature on a temporary basis. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer Hudson-Odoi is another player who came through the Blues’ academy and has bagged 16 goals and 22 assists in 126 first-team appearances. But he’s been a bit-part player under Tuchel and will reportedly make a decision about his future in the coming days. Kepa Arrizabalaga joined Chelsea from Athletic Bilbao four years ago for £71m - the highest fee ever paid for a goalkeeper. But he flopped following his arrival at Stamford Bridge and was eventually replaced by Edouard Mendy. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener   The 27-year-old Spain international looks unlikely to ever regain the goalkeeper jersey in west London and has reportedly agreed to join Napoli on loan. But Leicester are desperate for a new shot-stopper after Kasper Schmeichel quit the club last week to join Nice. And if Blues chiefs block their goalkeeper’s move to Italy, they could solve the Foxes’ No 1 issues and finally find a way to get their hands on Fofana. Ross Barkley is another player who has flopped since moving to the capital. The 28-year-old midfielder joined the club from Everton four-and-a-half years ago but played just 175 minutes of Premier League football last season and hasn’t even been handed a squad number this campaign. Barkley has just one more year remaining on his Blues contract. And he would surely jump at the chance of resurrecting his career elsewhere if Leicester agree to take him. 