A number of areas across the UK have been moved to drought status in the past week, with Yorkshire marking the ninth region. Droughts were declared in Devon and Cornwall, Solent and South Downs, Kent and South London, Hertfordshire and North London, East Anglia, Thames, Lincolnshire and Northamptonshire, and the East Midlands on Friday.  The last drought that was declared in Yorkshire was in autumn 2018, but the recent heatwave has left the UK desperate for rainfall as fields and gardens suffer. Temperatures reached 36C in some parts of England over the weekend, only adding to the damage from the heatwave last month that saw record breaking temperatures. Last month marked the driest July since 1976, with temperatures peaking at 40.3C in some parts of the UK. The dry weather and high temperatures have impaced rainfall totals, river flows, groundwater and reservoir levels, as well as soil dryness in the area. Last month, Yorkshire recorded its fifth month in a row of below long-term average rainfall, with normal river flow conditions reporter since August 8. Victoria Slingsby, environment planning and engagement manager for the Environment Agency in Yorkshire, told the Mirror: "The high temperatures we are experiencing have exacerbated pressures on wildlife and our water environment in Yorkshire. "These extreme weather conditions become more likely with climate change. "We are experiencing some much-needed rain this week, but it will not be enough to correct weeks of dry weather, and it will take more prolonged rainfall to wet up soils and replenish rivers, reservoirs and groundwater levels. READ MORE: Cornwall has experiences flooding and thunderstorms  "It's important for everyone to manage the amount of water they are using in this exceptionally dry period." The drought comes after the driest first half of the year since 1976, with Brits seen flocking to beaches and open water in an attempt to cool off. The total stock of water in England's reservoirs at the end of July was 65% of its normal capacity - the lowest level for that point in the calendar year since 1995, the Environment Agency said. More than two-thirds of reservoirs or groups of reservoirs in England saw their stock of water drop by more than 10% between the end of June and the end of July.  DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims [INSIGHT]Oil price slump leads to fears of economic slowdown [ANALYSIS]'Pack your valuables!' Brits urged to pack emergency bag [PICTURES] The news comes as the Met Office issued a "danger to life" weather warning to Brits to brace for thunderstorms. The amber warning is in force from 2pm to 8pm today in the south west of England. Forecasters say some parts of the region should expect flooding, with almost three inches of rainfall possible in places.