NCIS: Los Angeles will return to CBS later this year as G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) and Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) gear up for the 14th run. As ever, they’ll be joined by on-screen husband and wife crime-fighting duo Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) who face a number of intriguing storylines which will undoubtedly come into play. The last fans saw of Kensi and Deeks, they were readying themselves for a new life as foster parents. After their family plans hit bump after bump in the road, they took the decision to foster runaway teen rosa (Natalia Del Riego). The happy ending to season 13 filled NCIS LA fans with hope but there may still be cause for concern for the fan-favourite duo going forward. None least due to the fact the psychotic Kessler (Frank Military) is still on the loose and hellbent on exact revenge on Kensi for her part in putting him behind bars. READ MORE: NCIS LA's Caleb Castille confirms return of key location in season 14 But will Deeks and Kensi still be a solid family unit with Rosa when season 14 rolls around, or could Kessler make a comeback with deadly consequences? Fans will have to wait until October 9 when season 14 premieres to find out for sure. But in the meantime, Fatima star Medalion Rahimi has given her social media followers a peek at Olsen and Ruah in action. Rahimi, Olsen and Ruah were joined by Devin Roundtree star Caleb Castille for a quick snap behind the scenes of the upcoming run. Rahimi captioned the sneak peek: “The wild bunch @ncisla season xiv airs October 9th! @cbstvstudios.” Olsen donned a backwards cap and tucked-in short-sleeve shirt alongside cargo trousers while Ruah opted for a burgundy tee and jeans. And it didn’t take long for NCIS LA fans to share their excitement at seeing the foursome back together. Even Olsen himself replied to the snap to poke fun at his appearance. DON'T MISS:NCIS star Pauley Perrette pays tribute to Olivia Newton-JohnNCIS season 20 theory: Jane Tennant to take down The Raven in twistNCIS fans baffled as Gibbs' house opens up major scene plot hole The NCIS LA series stalwart said: “I look like your uncle the Narc.” While fan @ericchristianolsenfans shared their gratitude: “Medalion, you have NO idea how thankful we are for these pics. You’re doing God’s work, thank you so much!!” Elsewhere, @tamis.heroes.ncisla added: “Thank YOU so much for these pics,” followed by a love heart emoji. They went on: “God bless you for spoil us fans, who suffer on withdrawls, with these gems. Best bunch ever. So much love for you guys!!!” Another NCIS LA fan @swatislimaye added: “Great pics… thanks for sharing!” And @marialuisa__i concurred: “Thanks for sharing these amazing pics of the best team. Can't wait to watch Season14. Much love from France.” While @sunspot51 shared their delight: “So looking forward to getting new content!!” NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 premieres on CBS in the USA on October 9. A UK release date is yet to be announced.