Liverpool have dismissed reports linking the club with a move for Sheffield United star Sander Berge. The midfielder had been tipped as an option to help ease the clubs injury woes in the centre of the park but it appears he will not be arriving in Merseyside. The Reds have also been linked with a variety of central midfielders however Virgil Van Dijk has warned any new arrival that they face a tough task to dislodge young guns Harvey Elliott and Fabio Carvalho. On Friday, Jurgen Klopp announced that the club would dive back into the transfer market for a central midfielder following injuries to Thiago, Curtis Jones, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita left him with a dearth of options in the centre of the park. Norwegian midfielder Sander Berge had reportedly become a target for the Premier League runners up however the Daily Mirror reports that this has been dismissed by the club. German media have linked the club with moves for RB Leipzig star Konrad Laimer and, somewhat unexpectedly, a January move for Jude Bellingham. The Englishman was believed to be the club’s top target for next summer however this could be moved forward. However, Van Dijk has warned any incoming player that they face an uphill battle to dislodge Elliott and Carvalho. The 19-year-old duo have impressed during their time in the first team with both players scoring in the 9-0 demolition of Bournemouth on Saturday. READ MORE: 'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to caution “I don’t think they will be stopped from progressing,” Van Dijk said when asked about the future prospects of Liverpool’s youngsters if a new face came in. “The amount of games we play, we need a lot of midfielders. Midfielders are the engine of our team, they win so many balls for us. They are the engine of our team. “We need a lot of midfielders. You see the amount of games we play, we rotate a lot in midfield apart from Fabinho I think. We need everyone. I’m very impressed, very impressed with both. Harvey showed before his injury already and now he’s showing the same stuff as before. “I’ve been impressed with Fabio as well, I’ve said it in pre-season, I didn’t know him before, I think he can be really good for us and as a club as well. DON'T MISS...'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to cautionLiverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to UnitedLiverpool might find fix to midfield problems in 'next Luka Modric' “You need that maturity as well. Especially when things are not going well like in the last two weeks, these guys have the right mentality that we need. “They will have moments, good moments but they will have moments they have to learn from. That’s how football works. We are not robots, even if everyone is expecting that we are but we are not.” Liverpool are expected to be busy in the days before Thursday’s deadline as they look to negotiate a deal for a new midfielder. In the meantime, Carvalho and Elliott will continue to build their case that they should be Klopp’s go-to men going forward. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here