Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is annoying Ajax by targeting Antony so late in the transfer window, it has been claimed. The 52-year-old previously managed the Brazil international over in Amsterdam. And the Red Devils have upped the ante when it comes to landing the Samba star in recent days as they look to make him their fifth signing of the summer. Manchester United have set their sights on Antony, despite also pursuing a deal for PSV Eindhoven winger Cody Gakpo. Cristiano Ronaldo’s future remains up in the air amid his determination to leave, Edinson Cavani has already departed to seek a new challenge and Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection. United have had a £67.9million offer for the 22-year-old turned down already, with Ajax reluctant to lose yet another key player. And De Telegraaf journalist Mike Verweij, via @TheEuropeanLad, has now claimed the Eredivisie giants are ‘annoyed’ at Ten Hag for pursuing their prized asset so late in the window. “Within Ajax they are annoyed with Erik ten Hag’s behavior, with the fact that he is pushing this late in the transfer window for one of their star players,” he said. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd “If he would have pushed at the start of the window, he probably would have got him for €60M/€70M.” United are hoping Antony can arrive to solve their issues on the right wing. Jadon Sancho has been used there so far this season but the former Borussia Dortmund star continues to struggle and looks better-suited to the opposite flank. There have been reports claiming the Red Devils have already agreed personal terms with Antony, who is determined to move to the Premier League. He refused to train with Ajax on Friday and was then left out of their squad for their match with Sparta Rotterdam on Sunday afternoon. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already And if United do manage to land him, he’ll become the fourth player to join the Red Devils from Ajax over the past decade. United snapped up Daley Blind back in the summer transfer window of 2014 when Louis van Gaal was manager, shortly after the player flourished at the World Cup in Brazil. In 2020 the Red Devils recruited Donny van de Beek, beating the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona to the 25-year-old. And United were able to raid Ajax for Lisandro Martinez earlier in the summer, having missed out on team-mate Jurrien Timber. Antony could also become the latest Brazilian to play for the Red Devils, too. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Casemiro has been snapped up from Real Madrid, with the Brazil international bidding an emotional farewell to the La Liga giants earlier on Monday. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United had the likes of Kleberson, Anderson, Rafael and Fabio Da Silva and Rodrigo Possebon on their books. In 2018, United signed another Brazilian in Fred - paying £52m to beat Manchester City to the signature of the Samba star. And, just two years ago, the Red Devils landed Alex Telles - who is spending the season on loan at Sevilla. Antony recently opened up on Ten Hag, meanwhile, and praised the United boss for the impact he’s had on his career. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Erik has been super important to me," Antony said. "I am grateful to him and wish him all the best. I will always cheer for Erik after working so closely together. "I have not been able to celebrate or cheer for him as he got no points yet. “I couldn't until now anyway and that makes me sad. But knowing Erik, I am convinced that he will turn the tide soon. “Manchester United will improve at his hand. At his previous clubs he has proven that his method works." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here