The unsettled weather will bring a change to what most of the country has seen so far of fairly even temperatures across the week between 20C and 25C. The Met Office has said that the more autumnal weather which could batter Britain at the weekend is the result of two low-pressure centres. Met Office meteorologist Jonathan Vautrey told the Independent: “We have got one that’s going to try to push in from the northwest, and there’s also one from around the Bay of Biscay that’s going to try and push in from the south.” However, Mr Vautrey noted that it is not yet clear if just one or both of the low-pressure fronts will move across the UK. BBC meteorologist Darren Bett also called the weather fronts “a fly in the ointment” as the next few days will see showers begin to ease and “prolonged clear spells across the UK”. The Met Office noted that showers will begin to move in by Friday, which may lead to increased wind gusts in the north. From Sunday, the UK's national weather service warned that there will be “areas of thick cloud and heavy or thundery periods of rain or showers to many places". They added: “Any periods of rain could be longer spells than recently experienced. “Strong winds are also likely in places, perhaps with a risk of gales too.” It is expected that areas in the South West and North West will bear the brunt of the wet and windy weather. READ MORE: Joe Biden is DESTROYING the special relationship fear Brits - poll However, it is possible that regions to the East will also see increased wet weather. The Met Office meteorologist added: “Friday is when we might see the first signs of the low-pressure centres, particularly the north-western one spreading across western Scotland and into Northern Ireland.” Further into the weekend, the wet weather will move further inland and may potentially bring thunderstorms and hail. DON'T MISS: Look away, Macron! Australia chief hails 'new era' as he lands in UK (INSIGHT)Campaigners' last ditch push to force Tory rule change to save Boris (REVEAL)'Shame for Rejoiners' – 'NO predictions came out right' (INSIGHT) While the weather is set to worsen, temperatures will remain relatively pleasant, with WXCHARTS showing highs of 24C on the weekend in some areas. Mr Vautrey noted: “Even where there is rain coming through, it could feel warm.” Those more coastal regions will see a slight drop in temperatures due to the wind picking up.