In the latest edition of Loose Women, Denise Welch risked the wrath of viewers and animal lovers by confessing to having a fox killed by pest control. The regular panellist of the ITV show claimed to have the animal 'destroyed' when it attacked her much loved pet Pip.  During a segment of Loose Women where they discussed the craze of people befriending and caring for foxes online, Denise Welch landed herself in hot water with a bold confession. Christine Lampard explained how on social media, people are welcoming foxes into their homes and treating them like cherished pets. The foxes shown on screen were domesticated and shown to be a new addition in many people's homes. However, Denise could not get on board with the idea after her previous experience with the animal and told an unimpressed Coleen Nolan and Linda Robson why she feels that way. Read More: The Repair Shop star 'nervous' over restoration of Judi Dench item Conceding her story would not win her many new friends in the animal-loving world, she retold the tale of how she dealt with a troublesome fox. The former Coronation Street star explained: "At the risk of incurring the wrath of animal lovers... I am an animal lover, but foxes are vermin." She added: "Years ago, we got home and we had a dog called Pip. Pip was the most lovely, gorgeous dog. "Anyway, this fox got into the kitchen and attacked Pip." Denise continued: "Pip was terrified, shaking, foaming at the mouth. The fox had gone behind the fridge, Lincoln had called the Pest Control people and they destroyed the fox." Completing her story, Denise declared: "Now I told this story on Loose Women and I cannot believe the insults and the abuse that I got on social media." Revisiting this story proved to be unpopular again for the ITV star and show host Christine underlined why viewers may feel such a way. The presenter replied: "I guess that the people that were having a bit of a moan to you would have maybe suggested to take the fox out of the kitchen and not have it destroyed." But, unwilling to back down from her decision, Denise refuted that claim. DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Kay Adams favourite to face boot from Strictly first [INSIGHT]Charlene White addresses ITV viewer complaint over weight [ARTICLE]Jane McDonald admits she had 'nerves' ahead of unusual encounter [INTERVIEW] Denise attempted to justify her actions and explained how it came from the affection and care she had for her pet dog Pip. She added: "It was the fact that Pip was in a really, really bad way, the fox was a danger to my dog as far as I felt." Her choice to revisit the tale proved to be unpopular on social media once again, with viewers horrified by the brutal nature of her actions. Twitter users flocked to the site to give their opinion on the panellist's strong views on foxes. Vegan_Lash tweeted: "Denise Welch demonising foxes on Loose Women today. One got into her kitchen and frightened her dog so she got ‘pest’ control to destroy the fox." They continued: "Like her even less now. Terrifying animals, aren’t they!!!" Mrs J tweeted: "Denise Welch - Foxes are not classed as vermin!" Ann Evans tweeted: "I thought you were ok but now I see you got a fox killed for scaring your dog. You are not ok. Shame on you." Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm