During the recent Channel 5 show Ken Dodd: 30 Funniest Moments, looked back at the successful career of comedian Ken Dodd and his legacy. Counting down his best moments, friends and fans of Ken each touched on how he impacted their lives through his comedy. Friend Michael Billington praised Ken for not wanting to leave his hometown of Liverpool in an attempt to find bigger success. Ken Dodd loved his hometown and its people, which perhaps explains why he never upped Tickling Sticks, preferring to stay put and become as much an emblem of the city. Louis Barfe explained: "He and Liverpool are synonymous really, they are two words that you cannot separate." Actor Claire Sweeney added: "In the city of Liverpool, scoucers don't let you get too big for your boots but Ken was on a pedestal, people respected him, people loved him." John Fisher commented: "He is the legend that he is, a scouse legend because he did stay in Liverpool and never upped Tickling Sticks." READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen Writer and friend David Hamilton claimed: "Ken Dodd was almost the only star who stayed in Liverpool, nearly everyone left and of course, some of them went abroad! But Ken loved to get home." Michael continued, taking aim at others who felt they needed to move from Ken's beloved Liverpool: "I think I became fully aware of Ken and Liverpool, just after his 90th birthday. I went to have lunch with him and Ken was stopped by about five people between getting out of the car and reaching the restaurant. "And for every single person, he had a word to say. Most people if they are born in the city often want to go away because they equate success with somewhere else, whether that is London or New York. "Ken, however successful and popular he was, always wanted to be at home in Liverpool." Ken was famed for his white and blue "tickling stick" and his well-loved catchphrase: “How tickled I am!” In the 1960s, he was as famous as The Beatles in the UK and his version of the song Tears was the UK's third-best-selling single of the decade. His records sold millions worldwide and he toured with The Ken Dodd Happiness Show, then going on to be knighted in the 2017 New Year Honours for his services to entertainment and charity. On June 11, 2009, a statue of Ken Dodd and his trademark "tickle stick" was unveiled in Liverpool Lime Street Railway Station. DON'T MISS...Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall [WATCH]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  [LATEST]Camilla triumphs over Charles as royal couple go 'head-to-head' [INSIGHT] After a lifetime of success, Ken fell ill with the flu on January 12, 2018, and was in hospital with a severe chest infection. Unable to fight off the chest infection, Ken died on Monday, March 12, 2018, at the age of 90, with his wife Anne at his bedside. A friend of Ken's said at the time: "Doddy’s a fighter but flu is very ­serious for a 90-year-old. “He was struggling last week and had trouble breathing so an ambulance was called and they’ve decided to keep him in until he’s well enough.” Anne described him as "a most life-enhancing, brilliant, creative comedian" and expressed Ken "just wanted to make people happy". She added: "I have lost a most wonderful husband. He lived to perfect his art and entertain his live and adoring audiences. "I've been overwhelmed by the love and affection which I've already received from dear friends and the public." Ken Dodd: 30 Funniest Moments is available to watch on My5.