Liverpool have seen their injury crisis worsen following reports that Joel Matip has been added to the club's casualty list. The centre-back has apparently become the eighth member of Jurgen Klopp's ranks sidelined through injury and the 31-year-old is expected to miss the Reds clash with Crystal Palace at Anfield on Monday night. Liverpool are already without Ibrahima Konate, Thiago Alcantara, Diogo Jota, Curtis Jones, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Calvin Ramsey and reserve goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher for the visit of the Eagles and now it appears Matip has also been thrown into the mix. According to the Telegraph, the Cameroonian defender sat out of training on Friday as a precaution, amid concerns over a groin problem. Without Konate already out injured, Matip was selected alongside Virgil van Dijk at the heart of Liverpool's defence for last weekend's season opener against Fulham. The French defender sustained a knee injury during pre-season and is expected to be out for another month. With Matip likely to miss Monday night's action, Joe Gomez is set to deputise, providing he himself is fully fit. The 25-year-old missed the majority of last season after suffering a serious injury to his patella tendon which required surgery back in November. DON'T MISS: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars The Reds are thought to be carefully monitoring Gomez's progress, however it seems he may well be called upon earlier than planned. Nat Phillips is another option at centre-back, as is Dutch defender Sepp van den Berg, who spent last season on loan at Preston North End. Given the club's current crisis at centre-back, Liverpool are thought to have been forced into re-evaluating whether or not to send Van den Berg out on loan for a second spell this summer. During Friday's press conference, Klopp confirmed Naby Keita had recovered from illness and would be in contention for the Reds encounter with Palace while Harvey Elliott could well start in place of the stricken Thiago. The Spanish midfielder faces between four and six weeks out following a hamstring injury sustained against Fulham. Kostas Tsimikas has also recovered. READ MORELiverpool star Thiago seeing 'second specialist' over injury recoveryMan Utd receive Adrien Rabiot boost after mum's plan emergesAdrien Rabiot's mum 'holding up' Man Utd transfer with deal in danger Addressing the club's injury crisis, on Friday Liverpool boss Klopp said: “I am happy with the strength, size and quality of my squad. We have injuries, that's how it is. Now it is the question how long the players will be out and there are different solutions for it. "One of them - and there are plenty - is the transfer market but the transfer market only makes sense if you can bring in the right player, the right player not a player. It is easy to bring a player in but that doesn't help even for a week for some players.”