The 82-year-old has been a core member of the Loose Women team for nearly a decade and is the eldest member of the cast. Over the years there have been reports of tension between some of the ladies off camera, however, Gloria is setting the record straight.  Originally starting off as a singer, the Irish star moved into radio and broadcast in the 1970s and has continued to have a successful career ever since. Gloria first appeared on ITV’s Loose Women as a guest panellist in 2003 but later became a permanent addition to the show alongside the likes of Ruth Langsford, Coleen Nolan, Denise Welch and Janet Street-Porter. Although there are only ever four women on the show at one time, there are 18 of them in total who rotate their presenting duties. With sensitive subjects, heated debates and often opposing views, viewers often witness a few clashes between the fiery women as tensions can run high.  In the past, there have been rumours of the on-screen spats continuing off camera and reports of secret feuds between some of the women. Starring as Prima’s September cover star, Gloria Hunniford touches on what it’s like to be part of the ITV show and if there’s any truth behind the supposed arguments. “I love the interchange between all the girls on Loose Women, we can talk about anything, no holds barred,” Gloria remarked, She added: “A few years ago, a very elderly lady came up to me and whispered, ‘I love that show because you talk about sex and we were never allowed to!’"   Gloria shared: “People gossip about catfights on the Loose Women set, but I know it’s not true. “We’re all there because of our differing opinions, but there’s never any falling out.” The 82-year-old was missing from the show earlier this year having suffered a leg injury after tripping on a rug, which also resulted in her breaking her eye socket. The presenter was sent to hospital with severe bruising on her leg and Gloria said after it happened, she didn’t leave the house for three weeks.    She said: “My eye was full of blood and I was black blue and yellow. I’ve had nightmares about the impact. “I’ll never forget the slap of my face on the ground… I didn’t want to see anyone for a while; I thought I’d terrify the neighbours!” The Loose Women star shared one of her friends who is a makeup artist came over with “magic makeup” which is used to cover tattoos on film sets. She added covering up her injuries allowed her to go back to work which she was grateful for as she admits not being good at taking time off.    Gloria said: “I’m fortunate that I have a job I truly love, which stimulates me.” At the time she returned back to the panel show, she spoke about the incident to Judi Love, Brenda Edwards and Jane Moore, revealing she was worried a clot would form on her head after the fall. Pleased to be back with her co-stars, she said: "I've always worked and want to come back to do what I've always done, what is normal. I feel safe.” The September issue of Prima is on sale from 11th August. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12:30pm  