KSI has rejected Jake Paul’s offer to step in and face him on August 27 after Alex Wassabi was forced to pull out with an injury sustained in camp. According to Paul, KSI told his manager that he would only face him if he was able to keep all of the revenue from the contest and didn’t have to pay the American a fight purse. Paul quickly responded by accepting the terms only for KSI to announce that the ex-Disney actor ‘will have nothing to do with the card’. In a series of tweets directed at Paul, KSI explained why he would not be accepting Paul’s offer. He wrote: "So then you could have fought Tommy Fury in England on my undercard? Or is it that you didn’t wanna fight a boxer? So you’re admitting that you’re actually just full of s*** this whole time? "You and MVP (Most Valuable Promotions) are so untrustworthy. First Tommy, [Hasim] Rahman [Jr[ and now Wassabi. Even when you do put events on, all you do is lie to your fans and inflate your numbers by like 50 times. We know your dealings with each promotion and what you actually make. It’s a joke. "The industry knows now that you are not the draw you have portrayed to be. Your stock is down bad and you don’t get to dictate s*** to me mate. You think you’re clever but we anticipated you’d pull something like this. "Plus, you’ll probably try to pull some shit causing our event to cancel too just like your flop event did. You tried to drain Rahman, so that there would be no life left in him when he fought you with the rehydration clause. You fought a man fresh out of hip surgery [Ben Askren]. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua using 'Poundland version' of Usyk in camp for Saudi rematch Joshua warned he 'won't hear the final bell' as video of Usyk emerges Paul will accept three conditions as YouTuber calls out KSI "We will fight on my terms and when we do, it’ll be done on the biggest stage. I’m talking Wembley stadium fam. With a full camp tailored just for you and I, so that there are no excuses when we fight. None of this short notice s*** "What you didn’t know is that we actually contracted another fighter in case you guys pulled something like this. I will honour my word to my fans and to my opponent because my word means something unlike yours. The show will go on on August 27 and you or MVP won’t have a thing to do with it. Enjoy your night out buddy." Paul recently had his own contest against Hasim Rahman Jr pulled after the 12-1 professional boxing refused to compete at under 215lb while the bout was originally agreed at 200lb. Paul will now look for a new date and opponent.