Apple is gearing up for its biggest event of the year, with the iPhone 14 line-up just weeks away from being revealed. While the iOS makers haven't officially announced the date for the iPhone 14 event the Cupertino tech giant typically announce their new range of iPhones and other devices like the latest Apple Watch each September. And with the iPhone 14 reveal expected to be a few weeks away iOS fans have been warned that time is running out to trade-in their old handset to get the best deal and highest price possible. UK reselling giant musicMagpie has revealed that iOS fans looking to trade in their old iPhone shouldn't delay. Rumours are circulating that Apple could hold its iPhone 14 reveal earlier than usual, with some insiders pointing towards a September 7 event. This is a week earlier than usual with new iPhones typically unveiled during the second week of September. If the iPhone 14 is - as rumoured - getting revealed on September 7 2022 then musicMagpie says the best date to trade-in your old iPhone is on September 2. Looking at past data, the reselling website found that iPhone fans which trade in their device on September 2 will get 16 per cent more - or £42.27 extra - for their old iOS handset compared to October 2. As an added bonus, the quote you'll receive from musicMagpie will be valid for 21 days. So you'll be able to lock in that trade-in price for three weeks and keep your phone during this period. If the iPhone 14 launches during this period too that means you'll be able to keep your old handset until your new one arrives. Speaking about why you shouldn't delay trading in your old iPhone, Jon Miller, the group chief commercial officer at musicMagpie, said: "The easiest way to ensure you are getting as much as possible for your old phone is to start thinking about selling it as soon as you know that you will no longer be using it. This is particularly true if you are planning to upgrade to a phone, such as the iPhone 14 that is rumoured to be released in just a few weeks. "The value of older handsets declines considerably once a new model is announced. With those in the know suggesting that we might all be getting a glimpse at the new iPhone 14 a week earlier than we thought, it is more important than ever to make sure that you aren’t leaving it too late to lock in the best price possible for your current phone." He went on to add: "Once you have your quote for your old device, all you need to do is make sure that your handset is with musicMagpie within 21 days to ensure you are getting the best price possible for your old phone. If you did get a quote from us on September 2, you’d then have until September 23 to send us your old phone. Once we have your device, we can send you your money almost immediately." If you're wondering how much you could get for your phone - whether it's an iOS or Android device - from musicMagpie then here are prices correct as of August 16 2022. Bear in mind too valuations vary depending on the condition of a device... iPhone13 Pro Max 1TB - up to £805 iPhone 13 512GB - up to £592 iPhone 12 128GB - up to £408 Samsung Galaxy S21 128GB - up to £265 iPhone 11 128GB - up to £290 Google Pixel 5 - up to £230 Samsung Galaxy S10 128GB - up to £130 Samsung Galaxy S9 64GB - up to £81 iPhone 8 64GB - up to £93 Galaxy S8 64GB - up to £63 iPhone 7 32GB - up to £45 According to the rumour mill, the iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max could be the models that most people will be after. That's because the iPhone 14 Pro range will reportedly ditch the iconic notch - which first appeared on the iPhone X - for a new pill-shaped front facing camera. If you're wondering how this will look then check out the renders in this article courtesy of LetsGoDigital. This will help create more screen space, and that'll be ideal as another big feature for the iPhone 14 - according to the rumour mill - will be an always on display. This big feature is launching at just the right time as iOS 16 is bringing with it a huge upgrade to the lock screen which adds new widgets and could be utilised by the always on display.