The temperature in the UK is set to reach the middle 30s this weekend, and with it comes a restless night’s sleep. But, Theresa Schnorbach, Sleep Scientist at Emma – The Sleep Company has revealed how you can keep cool at night without having to plug a fan in and run up an expensive electricity bill. Theresa said: “Our body core temperature can fluctuate throughout the day, often peeking through the early hours of the morning and in the afternoon. “However, in order to wind down for bed and get a good night’s sleep, our bodies also need to do a bit of cooling off. “With many Brits often resorting to fans to help them keep cool in the summer months, there are some potential drawbacks to using fans at night. “Circulating air from a fan can dry out your mouth, nose, and your throat, which can then lead to an overproduction of mucus, which may, in turn, cause headaches, a stuffy nose, sore throat, or even snoring. READ MORE: Sleeping naked: 8 health benefits including weight loss “In addition to this, fans can often circulate dust and pollen in the air, which may trigger allergies in some individuals. “Although fans don’t pose any serious risks during the night, for many, they might lead to mildly irritating symptoms, not to mention the money associated with running your fan all night long. “With this in mind, I have included some tips on how to keep cool without resorting to turning on the fan,” she said. DON'T MISS...Tesco, Sainsbury’s & Aldi recall several cupboard staples [LIST]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXCLUSIVE]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] “First, you want to keep your room cool by keeping windows and curtains closed during the day,” the expert explained. “During the night, you can open your windows and curtains to allow a fresh breeze in.” “This might sound counterintuitive, but cuddling up with a warm blanket or taking a warm shower/bath before bed can help in reducing your core temperature by encouraging your blood vessels to dilate thus losing excessive body heat,” Theresa commented. READ MORE: How to keep your car cool - 7 tips to beat the heatwave “Take an ice pack wrapped in a cloth or a towel (never apply an ice pack directly to your skin) and hold it against places where your blood flows closest to the surface of your skin and will quickly cool you off,” she added. “You can also use a hot-water bottle filled with cold water or even a damp flannel.” “Similarly, you can splash water on pulse points such as your wrists or the sides of your neck,” Theresa mentioned. “Your body's blood vessels will react to the cool sensation and instantly bring your core temperature down. “However, avoid your feet and hands, as this can prevent you from falling asleep.”  “A lot of Brits will be stripping down to their birthday suits when it gets hot but for those who prefer some night-time clothing, wearing pyjamas of natural cotton is your best bet and cotton actually helps your skin breathe, while absorbing your sweat during the night,” the expert revealed. “Try and avoid spicy food as much as possible as this is shown to increase your body temperature. I’d also recommend avoiding eating late in the evening as if you eat a large meal before bed as your body will be trying to digest it, in turn keeping you awake longer,” Theresa added.