Michael Douglas, 77, issued a frank warning to fans in an Instagram post from last night. The star addressed his one million followers as he urged them to "report" a fake account under his name. The Wall Street actor wrote a stern message asking fans not to follow a TikTok account that a scammer had set up using his name. He reminded followers that he in fact is not a member of the popular social media app. Michael wrote: “Hey everyone - This is not me. I do not have a TikTok account. “Please report to @TikTok @MichaelDouglas official. READ MORE: Elton John, 75, clutches onto entourage as he struggles to board yacht “Thank you! MD.” It comes after the Hollywood legend, who is married to fellow actor Catherine Zeta-Jones, 52, was diagnosed with a deadly disease nearly ten years ago and discussed his experience earlier this year. He said, speaking to People in a candid interview, that in spite of the illness’ severity, he never thought he would die. The star was diagnosed with stage four throat cancer back in 2011, but has recently spoken up about it. He said: “It’s weird, I know, but during the whole period of chemotherapy and radiation, it never crossed my mind that I could die. “My mother was 92 when she died” he continued. “My father, he recently celebrated his 102nd birthday. I have never thought much about death or aging.” In a shocking reveal, he unveiled that his doctor had warned him he could lose part of his tongue and jaw due to the removal of the “walnut-sized” tumour at the back of his tongue. DON'T MISS... Monty Don addresses struggles after garden setback [GARDEN] 'Sad day' Ellen DeGeneres pens devastated tribute as Anne Heche dies [COMMENT] Rachel Riley's tearful row with husband Pasha amid 'horrible abuse' [INSIGHT] “It's not going to be pretty. You could lose part of your tongue and jaw,” Douglas recalled his surgeon warning him. In an interview from 2013 with the Guardian, at the time of his diagnosis, the actor caused a stir when he spoke of the cause of his diagnosis. He seemingly told the paper that the tongue cancer was “caused” by oral sex, as the sexually transmitted disease HPV (human papillomavirus), can cause cancer. However, this was not the case, as Michael’s publicist later clarified what the actor meant to CNN. He said: “Michael Douglas did not say cunnilingus was the cause of his cancer. “It was discussed that oral sex is a suspected cause of certain oral cancers as doctors in the article point out. “But he did not say it was the specific cause of his personal cancer.”