Over the past few years people have been calling for DC Comics filmmakers Warner Bros to bring back Superman. The current iteration of the Boy in Blue has only starred in a few comic book movies. He made his debut in 2013's Man of Steel before returning in 2016's Batman V Superman. After that, he made a comeback again in Justice League in 2017. But since then, it has been quiet. And time is running out for Henry Cavill to play the hero. Cavill made a reprise in 2021's Zack Snyder's Justice League - but that didn't require any new shooting on his part. So the actor has not played Clark Kent for almost five years at this point. Despite the fact he has been very vocal about wanting to return. Now, a new report from Hollywood insiders Erik Davis (Fandango) and Umberto Gonzalez (The Wrap) suggests Henry suggests Cavill has finally given up on returning. Gonzalez said: "The Multiverse has to stay, if they want to keep [Supergirl actress] Sasha Calle and bring back a new Superman or bring back Cavill or something, that's going to have to be the reality of it." But Davis had bad news for DC fans. Davis replied on Twitter Spaces saying he had "heard a story that [Warner Bros] asked [Cavill], and he doesn't want to do it". Davis confirmed: "He doesn't want to come back." Despite this, he added that people at Warner Bros "like him as Superman" - meaning he still has some support. READ MORE: Fantastic Four: Henry Cavill 'in Marvel talks' – MCU Reed Richards? Gonzalez added he "wasn't sure" and he "could be wrong" but noted that he was "pretty sure" Warner Bros would try to get Cavill back on board as soon as possible. He went on to say it would all come down to the bosses overseeing DC Comics properties at Warner Bros. He said: "It's been almost ten years since we've seen [Cavill] in Man of Steel. But what I can say, I personally, I don't think it's over just yet." (Via CBR) If Cavill really has turned down playing Superman, that would be a far cry from what he has been saying for the past few years. He recently told fans "the cape is in the closet," suggesting a comeback in some way. DON'T MISS...Clint Eastwood turned down two of biggest roles in Hollywood history [INFO]Fantastic Four: Henry Cavill 'in Marvel talks' – MCU Reed Richards? [INSIGHT]DC League Of Super-Pets review: 'kiddie-friendly' spin-off  [NEWS] Cavill told The Hollywood Reporter: "There is still a lot of storytelling for me to do as a Superman, and I would absolutely love the opportunity." In the same interview he went into great detail about the final moments of the emotionally-charged movie. "The killing of Zod gave a reason for the character never to kill again," he recalled. "Superman falling to the ground and screaming afterward - I don't think that was originally in the script, but I wanted to show the pain he had. I did far more emotional takes they didn't choose; tears were happening." He added: "He just killed the last remaining member of his species. That's the choice he made in that moment, and he'll never do that again. There's an opportunity for growth after that, to explore the psyche of Superman as a deep, seemingly invulnerable god-like being but with real feeling on the inside." He went on: "As I always say, 'The cape is still in the closet.'" Meanwhile, there have been further reports of a new Superman hitting cinemas in the near future. This time around, however, it would not be the traditional Superman cliches, but would become something a little different. Most notably, Warner Bros were reportedly looking at casting a Black actor to play Clark Kent. On this, Cavill said: "It's exciting - Superman's far more than skin colour. Superman is an ideal." SOURCE / SOURCE