Johnny Depp, 59, has signed a seven-figure sum and has already started shooting promotional photos for Dior Sauvage' new campaign, according to a new report. This comes after Johnny won the very public defamation case against his ex-wife Amber Heard, 36, with new evidence still coming to light. Dior has stood by the Hollywood actor throughout the two highly publicised trials and since allegations of domestic abuse were made against him, which he vehemently denied. Johnny lost many of his Hollywood roles, including his role as Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean. He also lost his role as Grindelwald in the Fantastic Beasts franchise. According to TMZ, Johnny signed the new deal after fashion photographer Greg Williams attended one of Johnny and Jeff Beck's gigs in Paris. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning They claimed that prior to the concert and again they group met to film the advert for the new Dior campaign. Express.co.uk has contacted Johnny Depp's representatives for comment. According to the Wall Street Journal, Dior has kept the Hollywood actor on due to the increase in sales from the cologne, through the brand and its competitor, Ulta. This comes as Johnny is still embroiled in the aftermath of his court case against his ex-wife. He was awarded $10.35 million in damages after a defamation suit against his ex-wife. But the former Aquaman actress has appealed for the award to be overturned, two months after she was ordered to pay. She was denied her request, after her team argued that one of the jurors was not intended to serve but had taken the place of his father. Since this, Johnny has made a further appeal against the $2 million (£1.7 million) he owes his ex-wife in compensatory damages. DON'T MISS... Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Kevin Bacon unveils ageless appearance just days before sad loss- [HOLLYWOOD] Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta's 'glorious' final reunion [PICS] The A-lister has made money in recent years by selling his own artwork and recently sold £3 million worth of his own art. Depp sold 780 prints through Castle Fine Art's 37 galleries, including in London's Covent Garden, within hours of announcing the sale on Instagram. The Friends and Heroes collection depicts individuals who have inspired Johnny including Elizabeth Talyor and Keith Richards. Speaking about his art, Johnny said: "I've always used art to express my feelings. "My paintings surround my life, but I kept them to myself and limited myself. No one should ever limit themselves." He used his art to "reflect on those who matter most to me, like my family, friends and people I admire". All 780 pieces sold within hours last month, with framed pieces going for £3,950 and the complete portfolio of four works selling for £14,950. Johnny also sold a series of on-fungible tokens (NFTs), called Never Fear Truth for £660,000 in June, raising the money for charity.