Victoria Beckham, 48, has been updating her fans regularly with her latest family antics on her holiday to Aspen. The fashion designer shared a TikTok video with her husband, David Beckham, 47, where she can be seen in tears while screaming at the former footballer as she tried to "overcome [her] greatest fear". Victoria burst into tears as she tried to overcome her "greatest fear" when she went on a rollercoaster with her husband David, during their Aspen holiday. The fashion mogul posted a video of the experience on TikTok, where she filmed the moment on a rollercoaster through the scenic mountainside. As the cart began to move, Victoria seemed calm as she expressed: "I am so scared of rollercoasters. I'm so, so scared right now. Don't go too fast." David then jibed to his wife: "We have to go fast!" READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims Victoria then can be seen shrieking at her husband as the rollercoaster began to speed up, as she exclaimed: "No, no, no. I feel sick. Oh Jesus. Oh my God... stop." David, mocking his wife while laughing at her response to the rollercoaster, asked: "Are you crying?" Their youngest, Harper Seven, then asked her mother: "Mummy are you okay?" Posh hit back at her husband as she continued to scream, quipping: "It's not funny." Victoria captioned the TikTok video: "Trying to overcome my greatest fear. I am literally terrified of anything that even resembles a rollercoaster!! Get the feeling @davidbeckham is really enjoying this ride!" Many social media users took to the comments to laugh at the funny family insight and marriage quip. Jocelyn Smith said: "That's marriage. Wife panicking and the husband laughing lol! (sic) Jodie Adams added: "The absolute joy on David’s face is hilarious. Well done though braver than me!!" DON'T MISS... Prince Harry slammed by Karren Brady over private jet flight [OPINION] Si King says Dave Myers is still 'in the trenches' in health update [HEALTH] Lizzo makes bold statement in billowing navy gown at MTV VMAs 2022 [PICS] Richard Grant McClur commented: "You did it !!! I love David's response. A true husband. Laughing at his wife’s distress. He really loves you." Victoria also recently enjoyed a ride on her husband's Harley Davidson for the first time on their Aspen holiday. The fashion-loving ex-Spice Girl kept things casual for the occasion, wearing a sporty black outfit with a pair of trainers as she clung onto him, her arms squeezed around his waist. "Our Maverick Movement!" the helmet-clad star exclaimed to her 30.2 million Instagram followers. She added: "@davidbeckham has been trying to get me on the back of his bike for years and finally I did it! It was so much fun!!" Beginning nervously, Victoria loosened up as the video continued, leaving her to rest her head on David's shoulder. Although Victoria kept her composure during the bike ride and scarcely smiled, the poker-faced star assured viewers she was in her element, captioning the footage "My happy place". David and Victoria have joined family members including their daughter Harper on the trip to the Rocky Mountains.