Chelsea are reportedly making serious progress in their move to sign Marc Cucurella with personal terms now 'fully agreed' with the Spanish defender. Chelsea had already missed out on Matthijs de Ligt and Jules Kounde with options decreasing by the week. But Manchester City's hesitation to meet Brighton's valuation for Cucurella opened the door for Chelsea to swoop in with an offer of their own. Talks have moved quickly this week and transfer expert Fabrizio Romano now claims a 'full agreement' is in place between Chelsea and Cucurella. The Spaniard is said to be happy with the proposed contract put on the table by Chelsea and is willing to put pen to paper. But Chelsea and Brighton still need to agree on a fee with further talks between the two Premier League clubs planned for today. Cucurella only joined Brighton last summer on a five-year contract for just £15million and the south-coast club are set for a bumper profit from their investment. Brighton have been quoted as seeking for around £50m - a price which City were unwilling to pay. Pep Guardiola's side made a second bid worth around £40m last week in an attempt to test Brighton's resolve, but refused to budge. Chelsea are hoping to bring that asking price down by including the highly-rated Levi Colwill in a player-plus-cash deal. Reports have indicated that Brighton want Colwill to be included in a separate deal altogether. Tuchel indicated earlier this summer that the central defender would be given his chance in pre-season to prove himself. “Simply, I haven’t seen enough of him in our group because unfortunately he got a little injury and was out of training for several days. And once you’re out for several days in pre-season, it takes a while to catch up again, especially for players who are not used to training at that kind of level like Levi. “The fact he’s still here is very easy, we don’t know him enough so he needs to stay here, we need to have further impressions, we need more impressions of him to get a better outlook on the situation. He had a good spell on loan, and we need to think carefully at the end of pre-season what’s best for him. “I can only repeat: like Trevoh Chalobah did last season and Malang Sarr, everybody is invited to do the same, this is the same situation for Levi.”  