Chelsea have attempted to steal Barcelona playmaker Frenkie de Jong from the grasp of Manchester United in recent weeks. However, the Netherlands still appears to be content at his current club and is digging his heels in at the Camp Nou and could prompt the Blues to begin looking elsewhere. Thomas Tuchel has been vocal about needing more signings before the start of the season, and the ball is now in the court of Todd Boehly to provide his manager with the squad he desires. Chelsea have already lost several stars this summer, and they cannot afford to spend the opening half of the campaign wishing they added more depth and talent to their ranks. De Jong would have added a touch of class to the Blues’ midfield and also will have provided a safety net for the club going forward given that N’Golo Kante and Jorginho are both out of contract next summer. If the former Ajax midfielder does decide to remain at Barca – against their wishes – then they may consider other targets; Express Sport takes a look at who could be deemed as alternatives… Youri Tielemans Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans is the name on the lips of several top European sides this summer, and Chelsea could swoop in late this summer to recruit the Belgium international. The 25-year-old is unlikely to extend his contract with the Foxes, which expires in 2023, meaning that he could be available for a cut-price fee of £25million. Arsenal are also believed to be keeping tabs on Tielemans and have held a long-term interest in the former Anderlecht star, as well as Manchester United. But neither side have formally submitted an offer for the midfielder, leaving the door open for Chelsea to seize the moment and strengthen their ranks. JUST IN: Arsenal's £25m transfer gamble could blow up in Mikel Arteta's face Nico Barella Inter Milan midfielder Nico Barella has recently been linked with Liverpool, who also could find themselves in the market for a midfielder, but Chelsea could see the 25-year-old as the ideal De Jong replacement. The Italy international has been one of the best-performing stars in Serie A over the past few campaigns, meaning that he would cost a significant price, and would be a top recruit by Tuchel. Transfermarkt value the former Cagliari star at £63m, a similar price to what Chelsea were/are expected to pay for De Jong. Last year, Barella was likened to Kante by Blues star Jorginho, who plays alongside the midfielder on the international stage.  Matheus Nunes It feels only a matter of time before Portugal international Matheus Nunes is playing in the Premier League, with several sides linked with the Sporting star. The 23-year-old would attract a fee in the region of £50m, though a long-term contract would ensure that Chelsea reaps the benefits of that investment. Nunes has played in a 3-4-3 system regularly and therefore would not find himself in unfamiliar territory in Tuchel’s system, and his desire to drive the ball forward could provide a different option in the centre of the park. Chelsea could see signing the midfielder as not only a way of improving their team, but also, just as importantly, stopping their title rivals from bettering their squads.  Declan Rice Sooner or later, a very top team will bite the bullet and meet West Ham’s asking price of over £100m for Declan Rice. The England international has impressed with the Hammers over the past few years, and his displays at the World Cup previously and also in the Europa League have shown that he is of that level now. West Ham have been clear that they will not sell Rice for anything less than what they value him at, which is a lot, so the Blues meeting that valuation would be a significant sign of intent from Boehly. The 23-year-old would be an improvement upon Tuchel’s current options and also provide cover in central defence too, an area of the pitch where Chelsea are keen to bolster their numbers.