Donald Trump launched a bruising attack on Nancy Pelosi in a speech to a Republican CPAC conference after the US House Speaker made a stop-over in Taiwan last week. The senior US official's visit to the self-governing island angered China which wants to see the territory unified under Beijing's control. Mr Trump described the stand-off which resulted between Washington and Beijing in the wake of the visit as "chaos." Mr Trump told supporters: "What was she doing in Taiwan? Everything she touches turns to...bad! I don't want to say. "I get impeached twice, she failed twice The woman brings chaos, and that's exactly what's happening. "What's happened in China right now what's happening in China and Taiwan with what's going on, she played right into their hands, because now they have an excuse to do whatever they're doing. "I will tell you would have never ever happened in a million years under Trump." Ms Pelosi's visit last week to the self-ruled island infuriated China, which responded with test launches of ballistic missiles over the island's capital for the first time and the cutting of communication links with the United States. Some 10 warships each from China and Taiwan sailed at close quarters in the Taiwan Strait, with some Chinese vessels crossing the median line, an unofficial buffer separating the two sides, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. The island's defence ministry said in a release multiple Chinese military ships, aircraft, and drones were simulating attacks on the island and its navy. It said it had sent aircraft and ships to react "appropriately". As Chinese forces "pressed" the line, as they did on Saturday, the Taiwan side stayed close to monitor and, where possible, deny the Chinese the ability to cross, the person said.  "The two sides are showing restraint, the person said, describing the manoeuvres as high-seas "cat and mouse". "One side tries to cross, and the other stands in the way and forces them to a more disadvantaged position and eventually return to the other side." Taiwan said its shore-based anti-ship missiles and its Patriot surface -to-air-missiles were on stand-by. The Chinese exercises, centred on six locations around the island that China claims as its own, began on Thursday and were scheduled to last until midday on Sunday, the official Xinhua News Agency reported last week. DON’T MISS: UK August heatwave forecast: Meteorologist reveals likelihood of ‘exceptional' 40C blast[INSIGHT]Yorkshire fire: Buildings evacuated as 10 fire appliances attend blaze at Hebden Bridge [REVEAL]Pick up your England souvenir as Lionesses win Euro 2022 Final with victory over Germany [SPOTLIGHT] Taiwan's transport ministry said on Sunday afternoon it was gradually lifing restrictions on flights through its airspace, saying notifications for the drills were no longer in effect. But Taiwan would continue to direct flights and ships away from one of the drill zones, which China has never confirmed, off its east coast until Monday morning, it said. China's military has said the sea and air joint exercises, north, southwest and east of Taiwan, had a focus on land-strike and sea-assault capabilities. The United States called the exercises an escalation. READ NEXT 