In a long-awaited podcast for Spotify she spoke of her horror when she and Harry were on that South African tour (the one where they whined to ITV’s Tom Bradbury about how difficult their lives were) and a fire broke out in Archie’s bedroom. She told how the Men in Grey Suits forced her to carry on with the tour despite the fact she was “shaken and tearful”. Okay, that’s Meghan’s version of events which makes it sound that Archie narrowly escaped death when his room went up in flames. But the facts - as far as we know them - tell a very different story. Archie and his nanny weren’t even in the room at Britain’s High Commissioner's Residence. They were on the floor below when a small heater started to smoke and when discovered, was immediately unplugged. There’s some debate about whether there was an actual fire. It seems that never for a second was the little lad in danger. And even if Archie had been in that room when the heater started to smoke, his nanny would have been with him and she could have unplugged it. Or called for someone else to unplug it. Meghan revealed all this in a podcast which will presumably help justify the multi-millions Spotify pay her and Harry. It was supposed to feature Serena Williams, her “very dear friend” as she kept reminding us. And we were supposed to be finding out about the tennis star’s life and the steel it took for her to rise to the top.But of course, no interview with Meghan in it is ever going to be about anyone other than Meghan, her obsession with trashing the royal family and her own ingrained sense of victimhood.And this one didn’t disappoint.We learned very little about Serena Williams who didn’t get asked to speak for the first 11 minutes of the podcast.It was all about Megan and it soon became clear this interview wasn’t about her “very dear friend” Serena, it was more a platform for her to bleat (a bit more) about how terrible her life as a Royal was.So she went on about how “shaken and tearful” she was after the heater episode and seemed to be suggesting the tour should have been paused at that point, telling Serena that she and Harry had to go to another official engagement. “That doesn’t make any sense,” she whined. Of course, it makes sense. She was a working royal at the time. It was her job, nay her duty, to carry on with a tour that had taken scores of people both here and in South Africa months of blood, sweat and tears to organise.Or didn’t she care about that?Why wouldn’t she carry on with the tour for goodness sake? Archie had never for a millisecond been in danger. Nor were they staying in some primitive mud hut. It was the British High Commissioner's Residence and they were being protected by dozens of staff and security guards.  But how interesting that this supposedly strong and powerful woman, a woman who trumpets female empowerment - hell she even gives lectures on it - wanted to throw in the towel on a royal tour because a little heater started to smoke causing no damage whatsoever.  All I’ve learned from this podcast is that for all her talk of inner strength, resilience and work ethic - Meghan appears to possess little of any of them.She also needs to learn that the art of the interview is about getting information out of other people, getting them to open up.  It’s not a flimsy excuse to talk about yourself. Still, Spotify will be happy. They pay her to throw dirt at the royals and she never fails to deliver.