Daniil Medvedev has fired a warning to the likes of Rafael Nadal ahead of his first match at the Montreal Masters. The 26-year-old is beginning his North American hard-court swing as the world No 1 and defending US Open champion, and has his eye on the prize at the upcoming Masters 1000 events and the final Grand Slam of the season. Medvedev is preparing to defend a Grand Slam title for the first time in his career when he returns to Flushing Meadows at the end of the month, and is feeling confident about his chances as he issued a warning to Nadal and his other big competitors ahead of his first match at this week’s National Bank Open. Having lifted the title in Los Cabos last week, the world No 1 now has two Masters 1000 tournaments before he attempts to defend his US Open title, and has made no secret of his desire to win all three tournaments and retain his top-ranked position. “I know what I want to achieve. I know what I do for this, how I work hard for this and that’s what matters to me,” he said ahead of his campaign in Montreal. When he first reached the top spot back in February, Medvedev stayed there for just two weeks before crashing out early in Indian Wells and handing the No 1 ranking back to Novak Djokovic, but this time around he isn’t feeling the pressure. “I know the people around me support me and for sure I’m really happy as the World No. 1 to get this title,” he added. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios still splits tennis fans despite Wimbledon success  And this time around, he is aiming to stay at the top even longer as he begins his 12th overall week as the world No 1, with Nadal and Carlos Alcaraz hot in his heels and in with a chance to steal the ranking at the upcoming US Open. Sending a defiant message to his rivals, the Russian stated: “I’m really happy about it, but 4,000 points are coming and I want to get the most possible and that’s what I’m going to try to do.” But he will have a tough task on his hands even winning his first match at the National Bank Open, as he faces in-form Nick Kyrgios on Wednesday. Both men are fresh off the back of title wins in Los Cabos and Washington respectively, while the Aussie also won the doubles titles in Washington and the week before in Atlanta, plus reached his maiden Grand Slam final at Wimbledon last month. DON'T MISS Raducanu urged to accept McEnroe request despite Wimbledon criticismAlcaraz shoots down successor claims with Djokovic and Nadal admissionDjokovic lacking support from tennis fans as Biden told to ignore plea  Medvedev trails in their head-to-head with one win to two losses, but was victorious in their only meeting this season at the Australian Open. Looking ahead to his clash with the world No 1, Kyrgios told Tennis Channel: “I know I've got Medvedev next which kind of sucks.  “I feel like against pretty much any player right now, I'd feel extremely confident. Obviously I feel confident going up against him, but we all know what he can produce. It's going to be a good match for sure. I'm a bit tired but I'm gonna try and give him a good run.” 