Flight attendant Cici posts her travel advice to her TikTok account @cici_inthesky, where she boasts over 41k followers. She dispensed more of her expert knowledge, listing the things she will never do while flying. Cici detailed the tips in a video titled: "Things I will never do since I became a flight attendant." She told viewers she will never fall asleep with her Airpods in, as the chances of finding them if they get lost are very minimal. The expert, who also recently told travellers never to eat onboard without a certain precaution, said she would never "wear my earpods if I'm going to fall asleep and I don't have the little fancy contraption that will make sure if they fall into the seat they will not get lost. "If they get lost they will never be found again, just saying." READ MORE: 'Putting yourself in danger': Why flight attendants insist tables and seats go up to land Next, Cici recommended: "Never put anything in the seat pockets of any aeroplane seat. "There is a lot of stuff that goes in there and it may come out but...that's all I've got to say." These seats are not often cleaned, as one commenter said: "I once left a magazine in the back pocket of a flight and my return flight was the same plane and I had the same seat and my magazine was there." Plus, the expert claimed, it is easy to forget things you put in this pocket. She said: "People leave their things in the seat pockets all the time." DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares cardinal hotel hygiene tip [HACK] Flight attendant explains toilet etiquette on board that annoys crew [INSIGHT] Flight attendant's 'essentials' she always packs in her carry-on [EXPERT] Her next recommendation relates to booking flights. Cici said she will never "not give myself at least three, preferably four hours for a layover if I have an international flight. "With the weather, crew delays, whatever could go wrong, you need that extra buffer to be on time." She went on: "I will never book on the last flight of the day because it's just too risky that the flight could get cancelled because of rolling delays." Her last piece of advice was about keeping items, and yourself, safe. She said: "I will never not wear a fanny pack on the plane and I will never not wear my seatbelt when the seatbelt sign is on and even when it's off." Another flight attendant divulged the best time of the day to fly in her indispensable summer travel tips. The flight attendant, Caroline, 28, from Florida, shares her travels and insight. "The earlier the better," she said. "I know you don't want to wake up at 3am to catch a 5am flight but I promise you the earlier you book a flight, the earlier your flight, is the smoother everything is going to go. "The more time that will leave for you to be rebooked on another flight if something does happen."