The sixth season of SEAL Team is currently in production, with new episodes scheduled to hit Paramount+, hopefully, later this year. As fans await the outcome of Bravo Team’s dangerous mission in Mali, Toni Trucks has taken to Instagram with a sneak peek at what’s to come when the former CBS drama returns to its new streaming home. Toni sparked a frenzy by confirming Commanding Officer Eric Blackburn (played by Judd Lormand) will officially play a part in SEAL Team season six. Both actors were decked out in combat gear as they smiled for the camera in the actress’s new Instagram selfie. The SEAL Team stalwart captioned her latest post: “Oh HI THERE!!!!! -beep.” Many fans took to the comments in eager anticipation of Toni and Judd’s on-screen reunion in a matter of weeks. READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit @kimwassik replied: “Excited to see you all back in the new season.” “Can't wait for Davis and Blackburn scenes together in the new season,” @semajdebose said. @greyghost052 wrote: “Glad to see those two faces in their appropriate attire.” “More Trucks is a good thing!” @texas_dude_always exclaimed.” Excited fan @brentbolander said: “YEEEESSS. THE ABSOLUTE BEST SHOW ON TV!” And SEAL Team fan and Toni follower @erickamarie05 replied: “Awww! You two… “Love your characters in SEAL Team and you two who bring them so wonderfully to life.” Blackburn’s future role in the series was thankfully secured when he missed the team’s latest devastating mission in the season five finale. DON'T MISS:Raising Kanan star teases outcome of Malcolm Howard revelation [EXCLUSIVE]Cobra Kai fans in meltdown as Karate Kid legend joins series [REACTION]Flight Lieutenant takes no rubbish from BBC hosts in epic interview [VIDEO] However, it hasn’t been long since fans were sceptical of his return after he landed a major promotion. Judd’s return in season five was questioned in the fourth season finale after he admitted he had been made Executive Officer of DEVGRU. Thankfully, the recurring star’s return was confirmed after he was spotted filming in Los Angeles and went on to appear in a number of episodes throughout season five. Toni’s latest update has confirmed he’s set to appear in at least one of the upcoming episodes coming fans’ way. Unfortunately, it still remains to be seen if the entirety of Jason Hayes’ (David Boreanaz) team makes it out of the mission alive. In the closing moments of the latest finale, Bravo Team is ambushed and fired upon, Jason taking a bullet to the shoulder and Clay Spenser (Max Thieriot) hit by some shrapnel to the eye. Several members of the squadron could be left with severe injuries, and fans were left just hoping they all manage to make it out alive. Despite his upcoming lead role in CBS’ Fire Country, it has been confirmed Max will be returning as Clay for season six, but the fates of his teammates are still hanging in the balance. SEAL Team season 6 is reported to premiere on Paramount+ in the USA on September 12.