Liberal Democrats leader Sir Ed Davey has slammed Britain's water companies for paying out massive bonuses to top execs given some have already announced hosepipe bans and others have warned they may need to follow suit. Sir Ed has suggested that the UK water companies have "got away with blue murder." Mr Davey told Sky News: "I think the water companies have got away with blue murder frankly, they've been making huge profits, the boss has been getting massive bonuses. "And not only have we not prepared properly for this drought, we've seen pollution in our rivers and lakes, which is killing wildlife. "So on all accounts, they've been failing our country, and we need some tough measures on them." Asked how long a proposed ban on Water Companies bonuses would last, the Liberal Democrat leader said: I think we need to review the whole way they have been operating. We can do that relatively quickly over the next year or so. JUST IN: Irexit calls surge: 'Friction rising' between EU and Dublin – 'Days of being catspaw over'  "But we've got to tackle the problem. They've been allowing these leads to continue for far too long. "We've seen a waste of water when we're desperately in need of water for people. There are drought conditions, and we need action." A summer of hosepipe bans and fire warnings continues on Tuesday as a heat health alert comes into place across much of the country. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA)'s amber alert covers southern and central England from midday on Tuesday until 6pm on Saturday, with experts advising people to look out for those who are older or with existing health conditions, as well as young children. READ MORE: Truss's day out: Liz all smiles at Commonwealth Games with family after brutal week  Tory leadership frontrunner Liz Truss, meanwhile, has weighed in after two water companies announced hosepipe bans and others warned they may need to follow suit, following the driest eight months from November to June since 1976 as well as the driest July on record for parts of southern and eastern England. Ms Truss said: "My view is that we should be tougher on the water companies and that there hasn't been enough action to deal with these leaky pipes which have been there for years. "I have a lot of issues with my water company in Norfolk, which is a particularly dry area of the country, and those companies need to be held to account." She told the Daily Express that hosepipe bans "should be a last resort". DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT] "What I'm worried about is it seems to be a first resort rather than the water companies dealing with the leaks." The amber heat alert "requires social and healthcare services to target specific actions at high-risk groups", but is one stage lower than the most serious level four red warning issued in last month's heatwave. The Met Office said temperatures over the coming days will not be as extreme as the record-breaking heat in July when the thermometer climbed above 40C, however, it is still likely to rise into the low to mid-30s in central and southern parts of the UK. Heatwave thresholds - which are met at different temperatures in different parts of the country - are likely to be hit in much of the UK. 