On the Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube channel, the American finance personality answered a listener's question about his current financial situation. Donny was stressed as he was in a “pickle”. At 53, he had “absolutely nothing” for retirement and was in $50,000 (around £42,000) in debt. He said: “Dave, I’m in a pickle. I’m 53 with absolutely nothing saved for retirement and I want a divorce.” Donny is a road truck driver meaning he is hardly home. While he is away his wife usually handles all the bills and all the money. READ MORE: Santander issues urgent warning over spike in scam texts as pensioners lose £981 Donny continued: “All of a sudden she wanted to move into a house which doubled our rent, emptied our savings." He added that his wife then got "all these credit cards and started putting charges on them". “A couple weeks later I found out I’m £30,000 in debt for gears of taxes she didn’t pay. I guess I should have been more on top of it you know so now all that just hits me. “My marriage has been going downhill for the last 10 years.” When Donny and his wife were able to clear up their debts during COVID-19, Donny says it's because he put his foot down. READ MORE: Can't make huge profit' Dragons' Den rejects turnover £4m after leaving show with nothing However the money saving expert explained that this was his dream then, not hers, and that’s why it did not last. The couple were not on the same page. Donny explained he has been in “full panic mode” since he turned 50. He needed to figure out what to do with his taxes. Dave explained that the taxes not being paid the credit card debt are symptoms of the behaviour, attitudes and grief harbouring or not harbouring in their relationship. He suggested that Donny speak to tax advisers to help figure out a payment plan to get his debts paid off. Mr Ramsey said: “You’re going to continue to have financial problems as long as you are not communicating, or aligned with where you’re going. “Aligned doesn’t mean you’re demanding or she’s demanding, aligned means we both look into the future and see a desired future that we both agree on, and we both agree on the steps to get there. “That’s the only shot your marriage has, If not then you are divorced and you have to fix your money problems.”