Russell Myers, royal editor for the Daily Mirror, told Christine Lampard on Lorraine that the Duchess of Sussex has got to the point where she “has got to keep on going on” about the Royal family and how she was treated poorly while in Britain because it has become “part of her psyche”. Mr Myers claimed the latest round of attacks on the Royal family were a consequence of “mega money deals” with the likes of Netflix and Spotify, which have forced both her and husband Prince Harry to continue delivering marketable information on the Royals.    Mr Myers: “We’ve heard from her so much over the last months, I don’t know what else there is to say. “But when there is big money at stake, and this is to do with them doing big deals with Spotify and with Netflix, then they have got to keep on going on.” Ms Lampard said: “She must be angry, though. There must be something where she feels she has been misunderstood, she has not been treated the way she has been treated and she has a right to be heard.” Mr Myers said: “And I get that. I understand. She does have a right to be heard and so does Harry if they do feel they were mistreated by the family or by the British media.    “They have often said this but surely it is now counterintuitive. It is almost becoming part of their psyche that they have to deliver this broadside against everybody else and say they are all alone. “Well, they have done pretty well out of it. They have signed mega mega money deals.” In her latest interview, with The Cut magazine, Ms Markle said she had struggled to forgive members of the Royal family for how they treated her when she was a working royal. She also suggested the family were uncompromising in letting her and Harry move to somewhere else within the Commonwealth. READ MORE: Meghan Markle suggests she's 'suffered similar pain' to Mariah Carey [REVEAL]  Referring to a toxic tabloid culture, Ms Markle spoke of how Harry had said to her: “I lost my dad in this process”. She said: “It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision.” She later added that she had made an “active effort” to forgive the family for their treatment of her but that it “took a lot of energy”. She said: “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. It takes a lot of effort to forgive. I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'decided to take nuclear option' in Firm dispute [REVEAL] Meghan's 'constant struggle' with fitting in as 'light-skinned woman' [REPORT] 'Adulterous!' Denise Welch takes swipe at Royals on Loose Women [REVEAL]   The comments are believed to be in reference to an apparent refusal from the Royal family to let their pair move to a Commonwealth country to escape unwanted attention. Ms Markle said she had listed “a handful of princes and princesses and dukes” who had been given the arrangement that the Sussex’s had wanted but that they were denied that opportunity nonetheless. She claimed they were not trying to “reinvent the wheel” but were still not allowed to do what they wanted. She then suggested that “just by existing, we were upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy. So we go, ‘Okay, fine, let’s get out of here. Happy to’.” READ NEXT: Serena 'reduced herself to being schmaltzy’ on Meghan's podcast'PR catastrophe': Nelson Mandela grandson SLAMS Meghan MarkleMeghan and Kate stepped out in sheer dresses - picturesBBC's Witchell warns of royals' 'weary resignation' over Meghan MarkleMeghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview