Outlander favourite Caitriona Balfe has been inundated with heartfelt messages following her father James Balfe's death. The 42-year-old actress has thanked her loved ones for their support and shared her own heartbreaking tribute to her father on social media. The Irish actress said in a heart-breaking post she was "grateful to have been lucky enough to be able to call him dad".  The Starzplay actress shared with nearly two million Instagram followers that her father James, who she referred to as Big Jim, died on Tuesday, August 2. "He was a mountain of a man, big in stature and personality," she penned. "His presence and influence were huge in my life." "He was loved by so many and will be missed by us all," Caitriona added. "Thank you to all our neighbours and friends for their kindness and thoughtfulness over this past week. I feel grateful to have been lucky enough to be able to call him dad."  READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Above the sweet words, which were posted on Tuesday, was a recent photograph of James speaking at an event. Her father, a retired Garda sergeant who was based in Scotstown for over 20 years, died suddenly at the Mater Private Hospital, in Dublin. He leaves behind his wife Anne, seven children as well as his daughters-in-law and sons-in-law. His family and friends attended his funeral which was held on Wednesday in Tydavnet.  Thousands of Caitriona's followers sent her kind messages of support after reading her heart-breaking post. Fellow Irish actress Victoria Smurfit commented: "Oh sweet friend. Am so sorry. I know the hole in your life that’s been created. Here for you. Will tell my Ma to watch over Jim and give him the tour of the next place. Huge love x." (sic) Scottish actor Gary Lamont added: "Oh, Caitriona. I’m so sorry, what a mammoth loss. Sending you endless love and the warmest of well-wishes. Take good care of yourself." Outlander co-star Nell Hudson said: "I’m so sorry for your loss. He sounds like an amazing person. Sending lots of love xxx." (sic) DON'T MISS...Outlander prequel: Star weighs in on Bonnie Prince Charlie series [UPDATE]Outlander prequel series Blood of My Blood: Everything we know [LATEST]Outlander's Sam Heughan pays sweet tribute to co-stars [INSIGHT] "I’m so sad to hear about your lovely daddy Caitriona I hope you and the family are all ok, sending all our love," Jude Hill penned. West End star Lara McDonnell said: "I am so so sorry for you and your family’s loss Caitriona, sending you and all your family all my love. Thinking of you all." (sic) Ivy added: "From someone who has been through this: they stay with us because love never dies. Our mission is to honour their memory so that the new generation can also have the privilege of learning from them." Earlier this year, Catriona opened up about being raised as a Garda's daughter and how he inspired her.   The national police service of Ireland is headed by the Garda Commissioner who is appointed by the Irish Government. She also recalled how certain people would not interact with her as she was a garda's daughter. Outlander season seven is in production and seasons one to six are streaming on STARZPLAY now.  