The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge teased royal watchers through their official Twitter account, Kensington Royal. Publishing a message this morning, Kate and William wrote: "We’ll see you soon Birmingham! Looking forward to an exciting day of sport at @birminghamcg22. "Which events have you enjoyed watching at the #CommonwealthGames so far?" This message suggested the Duke and Duchess would be heading to the ongoing Commonwealth Games in Birmingham to watch some of the sporting events scheduled for today. Fans of the couple celebrated the suggestion Kate and William could appear in public today. One of their online fans, with the Twitter name @loveforcambridg, wrote: "I can’t wait to see you there". Similarly, @ThePastIsTense, wrote: "And we are so pleased to see you all at Birmingham too…" And fan account @hrhdcambridge added: "Can’t wait to see you both there!" Shortly after this tweet was sent, Kate and Prince William appeared at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre to watch a few events part of the Games. Stunning royal fans, they were accompanied by Princess Charlotte, who donned an adorable striped blue and white dress and gathered her hair in two braids. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's biographer's new book to 'have the world talking' Kate and Prince William last stepped out on Sunday, when they each carried out a solo engagement. The Duchess headed to Plymouth, Devon, to take part in the Great Britain Sail Grand Prix. Ahead of the event, she met youngsters taking part in the 1851 Trust's activities to promote sustainability. For this engagement, she first donned a nautical-inspired striped white and blue sweater with white linen shorts, paired with white sneakers and gold earrings. After meeting the organisers of the event and the teams competing, Kate changed into a wetsuit to take part in a friendly "Commonwealth Race" between New Zealand and Great Britain. Joining the British team, the Duchess's engagement ended in a triumph. On the other hand, Prince William headed, as president of the Football Association, to Wembley Stadium to watch the Women's EURO final match between England and Germany. The Duke celebrated the Lionesses' victory by hugging the players and shaking their hands during the awarding ceremony at the stadium. He also took to Twitter to write a personal message, which he signed off with his initial. He wrote: "Sensational. An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. "Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations!" Hours before the game started, William had sat down with his daughter Princess Charlotte to film a brief clip in which the adorable seven-year-old wished the English players good luck. Kate, William and Charlotte were the latest members of the Firm to head to Birmingham for the Games, which began with a grand Opening Ceremony on Thursday. The event was attended by Prince Charles, who represented the Queen, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and the Earl and Countess of Wessex. On the following day, Sophie and Prince Edward were spotted in the stands watching a rugby seven match. They were joined by Sir Timothy Laurence and Princess Anne, who had previously visited the Athletes Village to meet sportspeople from around the world. The Wessexes and their two children - Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn - were also at the centre today, sitting just one row behind the Cambridges.