 A recent YouGov survey showed that one in six don’t drink tap water, which increases as people get to age 60 or older. Another survey by the brand Aqua Pura found that only six percent of Britons are drinking the recommended amount. “When waking up (after fasting all night) drinking a pint of room temperature water is a wonderful way to replenish and hydrate our cells,” explains Ms Godfrey. “Another benefit of this routine is that it helps to balance your lymphatic system, which is a vital part of the immune system,” she added. READ MORE: Cancer: Popular herbal tea containing 'known cause' of cancer “When your immune function is strong, there is an increased level of protection from disease.” To make your water go further, you should add a slice of lemon. One study in the Journal of Nutrition and Metabolism found women who ingested lemons daily and combined this with exercise had lower blood pressure than those who didn’t. In the study, 101 middle-aged women consumed lemon for five months. Their blood pressure and the content of the blood were measured. At the end of the study, it was concluded that “daily lemon intake and walking are effective for high blood pressure because both showed significant negative correlation to systolic blood pressure".  Systolic blood pressure is the amount of force that the heart exerts on the walls of the arteries with each heartbeat. Too high blood pressure can put additional strain on your blood vessels, your heart, and other organs – leading to significant failures. Hypertension is said to kill approximately 10 million people per year worldwide, so reducing its effect is vital for longevity. Lemon is specifically a good source of vitamin C – an antioxidant that can reduce the effects of damaging free radicals.  READ MORE: B12 deficiency: The smelly symptom that can signal low levels Ms Godfrey left other tips for longevity, including another tip to bump up the level of vital vitamins in your body. “Roll up your sleeves while you are walking and get a daily dose of Vitamin D every morning from the sun,” she said. “The UV rays from the sun are safest in the morning hours and studies tell us that the best time to absorb Vitamin D is around midday.” The study Ms Godfrey is referring to was published back in 2008 in the journal Advances in Experimental Medicine and Biology. It found that going in the sun at nine o’clock seemed to have the least risk of causing skin cancer.   “To keep your vitamin D levels topped up you can also compliment your morning walk with foods that will also support your Vitamin D levels,” Ms Godfrey added. The foods she recommended included mushrooms, egg yolk, oily fish such as salmon, sardines, herring, or beef liver. Vitamin D is shown to be a major factor in speeding up the ageing process.