Leeds boss Jesse Marsch has made it clear that the club are still actively looking to bring in a striker and wants Victor Orta to solve the issue before the end of the window. Leeds have been one of the busiest clubs in the Premier League this summer in terms of recruitment with seven new signings. Record-signing Brenden Aaronson impressed on his debut last week while Tyler Adams, Marc Roca and Rasmus Kristensen also earned high praise for their performances. More importantly for Leeds this year is having Patrick Bamford back to full fitness, who played 84 minutes. The 28-year-old started just seven Premier League games last season as suffered a number of injury setbacks. Rodrigo also showed against Wolves that he will be an attacking threat as got his season up and running with a goal. Sam Greenwood and Joe Gelhardt are currently the back-up options through the middle for Leeds while Marsch believes Dan James can also play there. But while Leeds have already spent close to £100million on new signings, Marsch still wants more firepower and has challenged Orta to find the right fit before the transfer window closes.  He said: "Obviously we've said a long time that we've been evaluating for the right striker, but Patrick being fully fit obviously helps us in that area. We also have some flexibility with Rodri who can play there and Dan can play there at times. "I think that we know that we have to add. With Mateo who we just spoke about, with Sonny Perkins, we have some young striker and obviously Joffy, but Joffy I considered part of the first group. We have some good young strikers so a lot of it is also trying to look at from a profile what age do we want and that we don't want to suffocate some of the young players having opportunities moving forward in the next one to three years.  "So it's trying to find the right age profile and the right player profile and most importantly the right person to come into the team. A striker, that's not so easy. That's not so easy. The way that I like to play the game we ask a lot from the strikers to work hard to press to it's a very demanding position in the way that I like to play. So we're trying to find the right one." James is available this weekend after recovering from an injury and Marsch confirmed that he will likely start from the bench when Leeds face Chelsea. Marsch said: "He has a lot of flexibility and quality and so yeah, excited to integrate Dan more and more and we tried to get the balance right in pre-season where he was with the first team in some matches. "But also to give opportunities for other guys to work toward being prepared for the first match but now you know I think Dan's ready."