Redcar and Cleveland Council were forced to apologise after an elderly dementia sufferer, known as Mr Y, died from Covid. He caught the virus at Stainton Lodge Care Centre in Middlesbrough. According to the Local Government and Social Care Ombudsman, the care home failed to warn the family or the council of the outbreak, which prevented the family from making an informed decision, reports Teesside Live. In a response to Mr Y's grieving son's complaint, the council say a visit to the care home "revealed poor recording of temperature checks and lateral flow tests" while an inspection of infection prevention and control measures just days after Mr Y's death showed areas of concern including inadequate use of PPE and clinical waste bins in corridors outside the rooms of people who had tested positive for the virus. Mr Y lived at home with support from his family and had been diagnosed with dementia along with a number of other age-related medical conditions, some of which affected his lungs. His son, known in the report as Mr X, was due to go away in September 2021 and Redcar and Cleveland Council arranged 18 days of residential respite care at Stainton Lodge, where Mr Y's wife was already a resident. On August 23 last year, Stainton Lodge had an outbreak of Covid in a ground floor unit and Public Health England advised the care home to do a risk assessment before taking any new residents, the ombudsman report has revealed. Mr X says the care centre did not tell them about the outbreak, despite having done so for previous outbreaks. Almost a month later, staff from Stainton Lodge visited Mr Y at home on September 21 to test him for Covid and Mr X's partner (Ms W) was with him during the visit. The care home claims to have told them about the outbreak but Ms W says this is not true. The grieving son says, had he known about the outbreak, he would have arranged other care for his father while he was away as his family had made consistent efforts during the pandemic to protect the beloved father from the virus. Having tested negative for the virus, Mr Y went to the care home on September 23 but less than two weeks later, on October 5, Mr Y was reported as having a temperature. The next day Ms W called to arrange a visit for October 7 but was told Stainton Lodge had closed to visitors because of a covid outbreak. That day the care home told Mr X his father had tested positive and on October 8 he was taken to hospital. Mr X returned home and was told his father's condition was stable but on October 10 his health had deteriorated and Mr X and his family visited to say goodbye. Mr Y died the next day. In April 2020, just over a month after the first lockdown was announced, Stainton Lodge Care Centre confirmed 17 residents lost their lives since the start of the pandemic. While two confirmed positive for covid, the other 15 died before tests could be carried out. Following his father's passing, Mr X wrote to the council and was told that a visit to Stainton Lodge revealed poor recording of temperature checks and lateral flow tests while an inspection on September 30 showed areas of concern. While records showed limited staff movement between units, which was in line with government guidance, the council said Stainton Lodge failed to do a covid risk assessment involving Mr Y's family and social worker. There is also no documented evidence of staff telling the family about the covid outbreak in Stainton Lodge's records and the council said there had been "communication failings between other public bodies over the covid outbreak". They said the council would refund Mr Y the £505.42 respite stay. The council said, according to the ombudsman report, that Stainton Lodge would be asked to complete accurate and timely records for staff and visitors, including negative test results, temperatures, covid vaccinations and names and signatures of visitors; update covid risk assessments for all residents and complete them for all new residents in cooperation with key professionals; and improve communications with families and professionals over outbreaks. The council also said it would work with other public bodies to ensure improved communication over outbreaks of covid. "Mr X says they had kept Mr Y safe from Covid-19, even when Ms W contracted it," the report states. "He says Mr Y would not have caught Covid-19 if he had not gone to Stainton Lodge." Coming to its decision, the report states: "Stainton Lodge’s failings are faults for which the council is accountable. They prevented Mr Y’s family from making an informed decision about placing him there. "It seems unlikely they would have agreed to do so and therefore Mr Y would not have contracted Covid-19 at Stainton Lodge from which he died. "This has caused avoidable distress and justifiable anger." Adding: "I recommended the council within four weeks writes to Mr X acknowledging and apologising for the failings I have identified and makes a symbolic payment to him of £1,500 for the distress caused. The council has agreed to do this." A spokesperson for Redcar and Cleveland Council said: "We would like to sincerely apologise for the circumstances of this case and our sympathies and thoughts are with the family. "Our investigation identified a number of failings on the part of the care home that we commissioned to provide the respite care and these failings are listed in the ombudsman’s summary report. "We fully accept the findings of the ombudsman’s report and have actioned the recommendations. "Lessons learned have been shared with all relevant parties to help ensure there is not a repeat occurrence."  