Prince Harry and Meghan stepped down as senior working royals in 2020. In their official statement, declaring their decision, the couple stated that despite their exit, they would continue "to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". However, speaking on a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean has claimed that despite this vow, the Sussexes have been "causing difficulties" for the royals, particularly in their "very busy royal week". In particular, Mr Sean makes reference to the couple's timing when announcing projects and upcoming visits. Mr Sean said: "This normally would be a very busy royal week. "It's normally the start of the traditional royals back to work and of course, we would have seen the likes of Prince George, Princess Charlotte all going to their brand new schools, which is an ideal photo opportunity." He added: "Now, the senior royals have to work out exactly, as and when, they could plan this because they know that the moment Harry and Meghan hit town, everything could be thrown up in the air." He noted that the couple previously vowed to "give a life of service and commitment in honour of our Gracious Majesty The Queen". READ MORE: 'Stronger than she knows' Meghan Markle's close pal praises Duchess in sweet tribute Despite this, Mr Sean stated that "all they're doing is making the difficulties of royal life even more confusing and more hard to navigate". He added: "Some people might say that's part of the reason why Harry and Meghan's popularity, particularly here in the United Kingdom, has flatlined so badly." Mr Sean spoke on how the couple always seen to make announcements on "something like a big royal birthday like the Princess Royal". The Sussexes announced they were set to visit Europe in September on August 15, which happened to be Harry's aunt, Princess Anne's 72nd birthday. He added that Harry would know "excactly when all these pivotal dates are". READ MORE: 'That was all my dad!' Samantha fires warning to sister Meghan Markle over their father Meghan and Prince Harry are set to visit the UK for a few days next month, starting on September 5. On September 5, the couple will be attending the One Young World Summit in Manchester. At this event, the Duchess will be delivering the keynote speech. DON'T MISS They will also visit Germany for the official one-year countdown event to the 2023 Invictus Games on September 6. The couple will then travel back to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London on September 8. The Sussexes visit to Harry's home soil, and Germany, is their first time out of the US since their appearance at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. READ NEXT: