Joining Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins on Good Morning Britain, Tony Blackburn said he believes radio stations want to appeal to a younger audience. His comments come after Paul O’Grady, 67, announced he was leaving his Radio 2 show after 14 years stating it’s the “right time to go”. Charlotte remarked: “There seems to be a lot of exits happening. Paul O’Grady is the latest one to go, your show is being moved. “There are these accusations of ageism that some of the names who have been around for longer are being pushed out or moved on or feeling like they aren’t welcome anymore.” Richard added: “You still work for them so you better watch what you say.” “A diplomatic answer,” Charlotte continued. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Tony commented: “Yes there are a lot of changes at the moment and going on all radio stations want to appeal to younger people. “Now I don’t think the younger people are actually listening to radio.” Richard cut in: “Couldn’t agree more.” “They listen to other things, Spotify,” Tony shared. “But they’re after a younger audience but I think basically our audience is over 55 and it will remain there. “The hope is that as people get older they eventually find radio stations and particularly Radio 2. The BBC faced a backlash on Tuesday after Paul’s departure was confirmed, with many “appalled” by the schedule shake-up. Radio 2 posted on their official Twitter page: “We’re sad to say that after 14 years on Sunday afternoons, Paul O’Grady has decided to leave Radio 2. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes hits out at BBC axing 5 Live results [WATCH]'Shame on BBC!' Radio 2 listeners 'appalled' by Paul O'Grady departure [REACTION]Tony Blackburn: Star recalls dangerous addiction [INSIGHT] “We wish Paul the very best of luck and hope to work with him again in the future.” Fans rushed to share their anger with @richie_brewer tweeting: “What is going on at @BBCRadio2? You appear to be on a mission to rid the station of its loyal listeners. “I’ve always defended the @BBC and the license fee but you are making it harder to defend by the day!!! “Don’t forget, there’s a difference between broadcaster and celebrity!” “This is terrible news for Paul, @malprin and all Radio 2 listeners,” @Richard26Todd66 added. “You can’t help but think his hand was forced after having the number of shows halved. First Steve now Paul. “Sorry Radio 2 this will do nothing to gain listeners, in fact quite the opposite.” “I am totally appalled by all the people leaving. I hate to say it but I think they have all been pushed. Talk about ageism. Shame on the bbc,” @DomSilva2 posted. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.