Better Call Saul is almost at an end now with the AMC show setting up the story to meet the start of Breaking Bad. One of the big players in Better Call Saul is drug dealer Gus Fring (played by Giancarlo Esposito). The character’s rise was charted in Breaking Bad’s prequel series with the original showcasing his brutal end. Gus was killed in a shocking and memorable scene back in the season four finale of Breaking Bad. The episode in question was ironically called Face Off and saw Gus arriving at the nursing home Casa Tranquila, where Hector Salamanca (Mark Margolis) lived. Gus arrived at the nursing home to berate Hector for going to the DEA with the drug dealer believing he had become an informant. He also planned to kill Hector with his enforcer Tyrus Kitt (Ray Campbell) readying a lethal substance for Gus to inject into his rival. READ MORE: What happened to Jimmy at the end of Breaking Bad? What Gus didn’t bank on was Hector’s secret plan to take him down instead. Hector had rigged a bomb to the side of his wheelchair, which he activated by ringing a bell. Gus seemed to realise too little too late as he clocked the device and tried to flee from Hector’s room but was caught up in the explosion. Hector and Tyrus were both killed instantly in the blast, and initially, it appeared Gus had miraculously survived the bomb. READ MORE: Julia Clark Downs title card: Who was Better Call Saul star? The drug dealer seemed to calmly stroll out of Hector’s room with ash and debris flying in the air around him. However, a panning camera shot revealed half his face had been blown off, exposing his skull and brain with Gus then falling to the floor dead. Gus’ death had been part of Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman’s (Aaron Paul) trap, which he seemed to have fallen for. Walt was onto Gus, who was planning to replace him and in a bid to save himself, he took down the drug lord. Speaking about the scene, Breaking Bad creator Vince Gilligan said: “Gus’ death is something that my writers and I talked about for many, many months before it came to the day that we actually shot it.” He revealed there were “thousands of man hours” on the prosthetics as they figured out how it would look with half of Gus’ face missing. The lengthy process involved doing Photoshop mockups as well as making a bust of the actor which they could also work on, as well as having prosthetics on Esposito’s face. Esposito said in a behind-the-scenes video: “When Vince mentioned, ‘You’re finally going to go. We have to do it, it’s just right for the story.’ I said, ‘If it’s right for the story, let’s go big.’" DON'T MISS...Breaking Bad season 6: Will there be another series of Breaking Bad? [ANALYSIS]Better Call Saul theory: Where is Kim Wexler in Breaking Bad? [ANALYSIS]Why was Breaking Bad nearly cancelled? [INSIGHT] The star also shared his thoughts about filming Gus’ final scenes, which were shot at a real-life abandoned nursing home. He said: “It’s a very busy day. I have a lot of make-up to go through. “We have the first shot, where I can just be sort of natural and normal, if you can call that getting into the Gus character, trying to find a natural state.” Esposito continued: “I decided this morning that I would put on a different pair of glasses and I’d roll in the van as Giancarlo just to sort of start a little easier because as soon as I put on my glasses, and start to think about this Gus mindset, I become a little bit manipulative. “I get a little more joy out of ordering my egg white omelette. I get a little more joy out of saying when they knock on my door and say, ‘We’re ready for you.’ Closing it back and waiting about five minutes and having anticipation.” He added: “So it’s kind of cool that I’m in this really jolly place right now, but obviously I sink down into a deeper, more darker zone as I get closer to my destination.” Better Call Saul season 6 is available to watch on AMC in America and on Netflix in the UK