Manchester United reportedly held talks with Timo Werner this summer before the German snubbed their interest and signed for RB Leipzig instead. Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag was thought to be keen on working with the outgoing Chelsea frontman, who had a modest goal-scoring record in the Premier League. United have been forced into a striker hunt this summer with Cristiano Ronaldo threatening to leave Old Trafford. Ten Hag was believed to hold Ajax winger Antony as a priority signing, but the Dutch side priced him out of a deal after parting with a number of their star players. Amid a scramble to nail down other targets, Bild claim that United held talks with Werner over the possibility of a move from Chelsea. Ten Hag supposedly 'imagined' the possibility of working with the speedy German striker, who showed good energy at Stamford Bridge but left plenty to be desired with his finishing. Despite interest from the Red Devils and their new boss, Werner instead opted to wave goodbye to the Premier League and re-sign for RB Leipzig. The forward is in Germany this week to complete his medical and put the final touches on the deal. JUST IN: Everton in talks to sign Serouh Guirassy with second striker target also identified  Werner is believed to prioritise returning to top form ahead of this year's World Cup. That much is evidenced by his agreement to take a hefty pay cut from pocketing £275,000-a-week at Stamford Bridge, and Chelsea were also stung with an initial £17million transfer fee, two years after splurging £45m. United have witnessed a number of targets fall by the wayside in recent weeks. Marko Arnautovic was a surprise option through the middle and, after Bologna rejected their opening £7.6m offer, a number of complaints from Red Devils fans saw the club distance themselves from the former Stoke City and West Ham star. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag  RB Salzburg youngster Benjamin Sesko was also reported to be on their radar, with a host of other clubs also keeping tabs. Meetings with Chelsea and United clearly weren't enough to make any progress, however, and the highly-rated Slovenian teenager has instead agreed to join RB Leipzig in 12 months' time. Stuttgart forward Sasa Kalajdzic and PSV attacker Cody Gakpo have also been linked to Old Trafford as Ten Hag surveys his options. Three weeks remain before the window slams shut and United currently have an out-of-form Marcus Rashford, an injured Anthony Martial and a wantaway Ronaldo to call on up top.  Ten Hag tried an experimental set-up against Brighton on Sunday - his competitive debut in the Man Utd dugout - by deploying new signing Christian Eriksen in a false nine role. But the eye-opening approach backfired and United were outclassed by the Seagulls. Two first-half goals from Pascal Gross clinched a 2-1 victory and Brighton's first ever at Old Trafford, reinforcing that the Red Devils have work to do before they can take on the rest of the campaign with confidence. 