Manchester United have confirmed their intention to sign Sergino Dest from Barcelona in addition to Frenkie de Jong, according to reports in Spain. The Red Devils are looking to add some extra quality to their squad and right-back is one of several areas in need of improvement, in the view of manager Erik ten Hag. United are refusing to let go of De Jong and there is still optimism a deal can be pulled off in the final stages of the window. Yet it appears he is not the only Barcelona player of interest to the Old Trafford hierarchy and a second deal, may actually be more viable. According to SPORT, United want to land Dest after making it clear he is a player of interest. The 21-year-old is one of several players that could potentially be in line to depart the Camp Nou this summer, although Xavi still values the USMNT international. READ MORE: Man Utd striker shortlist pecking order emerges with two targets on Erik ten Hag radar He said on Dest: “He’s fast and defends well. He’s a good player, still young and important for the future.” United are looking to sign another right-back to provide competition for Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Dalot is set to start the season as United's first-choice but Wan-Bissaka's future remains unclear. Crystal Palace have failed to follow up their interest while Roma and Atletico Madrid have also looked at the defender. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferRed Bull Salzburg respond as Man Utd enter fray for teenage sensation Benjamin SeskoMan Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer United still have plenty of funds to spend having already signed Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. Ten Hag is determined to up the pressure on the board to bring in some new faces but that currently looks unlikely before Sunday's Premier League opener against Brighton. The Red Devils are still looking to shift some of the deadwood within their squad too with Wan-Bissaka, Eric Bailly, Alex Telles and Phil Jones among those likely to depart. Dest has also attracted interest from Chelsea in the past and they could yet return to the table. The Blues have opened talks with Barcelona over a deal to sign De Jong as they look to beat United to the Dutchman. Thomas Tuchel's side also want a right-back as they continue to draw up a shortlist of targets. Denzel Dumfries is one name that has been discussed while Kyle Walker-Peters is also of interest to the Blues.