Northern UK will be the wettest while, in line with the summer theme so far, the south will stay largely dry and warm. High pressure which has driven weeks of hot weather will be shoved aside by an assault from the west, experts warn. A "slack" low-pressure system will barge in from the Atlantic bringing the first spell of persistent unsettled weather for months. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “A slack area of lower pressure will be in charge for the next few days, and this will bring some more unsettled weather to Britain. This will be helped in by the jet stream which is going to shift southwards and bring some wetter weather through the start of the week.” Northern and western regions will see most of the rain while temperatures climb in the south, he said. Forecasters are keeping an eye on bank holiday pressure charts with the verdict still out on whether next weekend will be a scorcher. Mr Dale said: “In terms of the next few days, it will be the north and the west which will get the most of any rain. "Further south, it will continue to stay warmer and drier, and that brings us back to the issue of the drought–there is still nothing in the forecast which is going to relieve the drought situation across large areas of the country. “Further ahead, it is still a case of watching the bank holiday for whether high pressure returns to bring warmer weather.”   A powerful and active jet stream – the ribbon of air which circulates the upper northern hemisphere – will drive the weather this week. It will swerve northwards towards the end of the week encouraging a possible return to high pressure and warm temperatures. Netweather forecaster Nick Finnis said: “During Wednesday and into Thursday, weather models are indicating an area of more persistent heavy and perhaps thundery rain could develop from the southwest and move northeast across parts of England and Wales. “The weather looks to remain changeable … through next week across the UK and Ireland, thanks to an upper trough [of low pressure] covering much of the far north Atlantic. “A fairly strong jet stream [will be] underneath this trough across the south … before shifting north and west across the UK through next week.” Weather models reveal a burst of "persistent and heavy thundery rain" pushing in from the southwest, he added. Humidity will stifle southwestern Britain into the start of this week before temperatures nationwide start to rise. Southern Britain could turn "very warm" or "hot" ahead of next weekend as high pressure fights to regain control, according to the Met Office.