Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has reportedly told his current forwards he will be operating a rotational policy once Antony’s move to the club is officially completed. The Brazil international is set to join from Ajax after a huge £84million deal was confirmed between the two sides. And the Samba star, it seems, is set to become an important asset at Old Trafford. Manchester United have decided to sign Antony with just days of the summer transfer window remaining. Ten Hag knows the 22-year-old well, having managed him for two years at Ajax, and thinks he has the potential to become one of the best players in the whole of world football. Antony is primed to join at a time where United are already well-stocked for forwards, with Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho, Anthony Elanga, Facundo Pellistri and Amad all on the club’s books. According to Fabrizio Romano, speaking to CaughtOffside, Ten Hag views Antony as a starter. However, the Dutchman has also informed members of the dressing room he’ll be operating a rotational policy when it comes to his current set of forwards. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Antony could make his debut for United against Leicester on Thursday, providing the Red Devils are able to get all the paperwork done in time. He’s expected to be deployed on the right wing during his spell at Old Trafford, an area United have struggled with ever since they had a young Ronaldo at their disposal. That may mean Sancho being used on the left, where he can compete with Rashford for a starting berth. And Martial and Ronaldo can then challenge for the centre-forward slot, with the latter expected to stay despite talk of a move away continuing to rumble on. United’s fee for Antony makes him the second most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Only Paul Pogba has joined the Red Devils for more, with the France international setting United back a massive £89m when he moved from Juventus in 2016. The fee for Antony dwarfs the £80m they paid for Harry Maguire back in the summer transfer window of 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager. And it also gazumps the £75m and £73m the club have spent on Romelu Lukaku and Sancho in recent years, too. Meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick has spoken to the same publication and thinks Antony represents an exciting acquisition for his old side. “He’s (Antony) a hugely exciting player who I think the fans are going to enjoy watching. He’s got ability to score and create goals,” Chadwick said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Elanga’s come in and done a good job but you would have to say Antony’s ceiling is probably higher. “I think he can come in and add options. Bringing Antony in now, and hopefully they can get it done this week, adds loads to that front three. “You can see Ten Hag’s going to keep using a 4-2-3-1, which has served him well in the past, and he knows Antony really well. “I think it changes the mood inside the club as well – it was such a low at the start of the season but now the wins over Liverpool and Southampton, and the signings of Casemiro and Antony make things look a lot more positive for the club. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “If Ronaldo leaves, this signing certainly softens the blow a little bit. “It seems like Ronaldo’s time at the club is probably coming to an end. “It would be a shame if things end on a sour note, but he’s going to want to be at a club where he’s going to start games, and you can see that’s not going to happen now, with what’s gone on in pre-season. “So to bring in a top class attacking player like Antony as well helps a lot, and it could mean it’s the end of the road for Ronaldo, so he can finish his career somewhere where he’s going to start games regularly.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here