Chelsea have taken a clear shot at Brighton in their announcement of Marc Cucurella as a Blues player. Chelsea tweeted that they had bought the Spaniard but there was a sense of familiarity to the post. A fee was agreed between the two clubs earlier this week. And now the £62million deal has been finalised, with young defender Levi Colwill heading in the opposite direction on loan. Brighton responded to reports on Wednesday that a deal had not been agreed with any club for the 24-year-old. The Seagulls posted a statement on their official Twitter account. "It read: "CLUB STATEMENT: MARC CUCURELLA. Contrary to inaccurate reports from numerous media outlets this evening, no agreement has been reached with any club to sell Marc Cucurella." Transfer news LIVE: Ten Hag 'unhappy' with Man Utd, Chelsea blow, De Jong latest  But less than 48 hours later, Cucurella has been announced as a Chelsea player. And the west London club confirmed his arrival in style, clearly taking aim at Brighton's post. The official Blues Twitter account wrote: "CLUB STATEMENT: MARC CUCURELLA. Following reports from numerous media outlets this week, we can confirm an agreement has been reached with Brighton and Hove Albion for the signing of Marc Cucurella." Chelsea then followed that with a picture of Cucurella in the club's dressing room. Thomas Tuchel was in a race against time to get the deal done by midday on Friday in order for the player to be available for Saturday's season-opener against Everton. But it appears a deal was done in time. Chelsea hinted Cucurella will be available at Goodison Park, placing one of the club's away shirts with his name on the back in the picture of the dressing room. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener  On signing for Chelsea, Cucurella said: "I’m really happy. It’s a big opportunity for me to join one of the best clubs in the world and I’m going to work hard to be happy here and help the team." Chelsea owner Todd Boehly said of the deal: "Marc is an elite defender of proven Premier League quality and he further strengthens our squad going into the new season. We continue to work on and off the pitch, and we’re delighted Marc will be a part of the present and future at Chelsea." Meanwhile, Blues academy graduate Colwill will spend the campaign at Brighton. He excelled at Huddersfield last season and will now have the chance of regular first-team football in the top flight. 