Lewis Hamilton has admitted to following a “super important” routine after an F1 weekend to prevent injuries. The seven-time champion said he always stretches after getting out of the car to help “loosen up” after a race. Hamilton has also revealed he always makes sure to have a day off after a race for a range of “self-care” treatments. The Mercedes star said recovering from a race weekend has become a “real focus” over the last few seasons as he detailed the importance of his physio work. Speaking to GQ magazine, Hamilton said: “Recovery has been a real focus for me in the past couple of years. Now, I always make sure the day after a race is a complete day off – I make sure it’s a day to myself for self-care. “I do cryotherapy, I might do some pool work and I make sure I get physio or acupuncture that day, or just a steam room. Also, when I was younger I honestly didn't stretch before or after I got in the car. “I wasn't equipped with the knowledge that it’s a good way to loosen yourself up so stretching is super important to me now.” READ MORE: George Russell opens up on major change since battling Lewis Hamilton Hamilton has a close friendship with his physiotherapist Angela Cullen who he has worked with since 2016. The pair appear to be good friends and spend a lot of time together in the paddock during F1 weekends. Hamilton and Cullen even went rock climbing together in Australia after the season was curtailed during the coronavirus pandemic. Hamilton has previously opened up on the importance of having the right physio to ensure success on the track. Speaking in 2020, Hamilton said: “When you come into Formula One, there’s this whole idea of physios, but a lot of them, or some of them, are just trainers. They still take on the title of ‘physio’ – but a physio is a physiotherapist. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen tipped to eclipse Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher [INSIGHT]Hamilton savaged in sarcastic comment as Mansell bigs up Russell [ANALYSIS]Hamilton claim shot down as Mercedes told 'compromises don't work' [COMMENT] “And for years, I’d always had a male trainer, but I noticed that I was always having different problems. I’d have, like, muscle tightness in my neck, or I’d have problems with my lower back, or glute, whatever it might be, and my trainer could never fix it. So you’d have to just deal with it through the weekend and I was like, ‘This doesn’t make sense. I don’t need to train on the weekends.’ So I was like, ‘I need to find a physio.’ “Angela had done a bit of work on me back home, so I spoke to her and asked her, ‘Would you like to come on the road with me?’ and little did I know that we would have the greatest partnership."