Our Yorkshire Farm favourite Amanda Owen has delighted fans by sharing a new family photo while hard at work on Ravenseat Farm. The shepherdess posted an adorable snap alongside four of her children. The 47-year-old was all smiles as she stood alongside Miles, 15, Sidney, ten, Clemmie, six, and Nancy, five, outside Ravenseat Farm. But Amanda appeared to have suffered an injury as she sported a bandage on her arm which could be seen in the candid selfie. Fans of the Channel 5 will know it is not uncommon for her to get bruised while carrying out her daily duties on the farm which includes shearing the family's flock of sheep. The mum-of-nine, who boasts 201,000 Twitter followers, posted a series of photos of her family as she explained they were all working together on the farm. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases rock hard abs in gym gear at boot camp She penned: "Helping hands working hard," adding the hashtags, "#yorkshire #flock #summer #busy #shepherdess." Fans were quick to praise the family photo but a social media user urged Amanda to take care of herself as they noted her arm wrapped in a stocking. Twitter user, @moonridge23 wrote: "Great to see the kids, as usual, helping out, must be a nightmare for you with this heat. Hopefully, you have a good breeze there? Good to see the kids again and how they have grown. Miss seeing you and them on screen." @KimNichols tweeted: "Lovely to see photos of your children, and what a really great help they are to you too."  @JanDarcy quizzed: "Lovely pics, oh no what you done to your arm!" Amanda did not comment but has previously suffered her fair share of her injuries while working hard on the farm. In November, the mum-of-nine received a black eye while tending to her flock as she admitted "being out of action" for a period of time. She told viewers during an episode of the Channel 5 show: "[Shearing] comes with its dangers, when you're clipping if you're half-decent at it, you make it look a lot easier than it is. DON'T MISS... Wildlife SOS' Simon Cowell receives terminal cancer diagnosis[LATEST]Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases rock hard abs in gym gear at boot camp[PICTURES]Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps[INSTAGRAM] "If your sheep starts to struggle, it’s quite easy to get cut or bashed or bruised and a black eye, of course, which I have actually managed and you, you got a lump out of you as well." Meanwhile, Amanda and her estranged husband Clive, 67, shocked fans when the couple announced they had separated after more than 21 years of marriage. Amanda and Clive had met when she decided to swap her modelling career for some hands-on experience at local farms in the Yorkshire Dales. While training to be a shepherdess, she knocked on Clive’s door one night as she was looking for a tup, which is a male sheep. Despite their 21-year age gap, the couple embarked on a romance, although Amanda admitted their relationship was a "slow burn", and they now share nine children together. She has since assured fans the former couple will continue to work together on their shared land following their break up. "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate," she penned on Instagram. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children." 