Although the property market is slowing down, many homeowners are still looking to move home, and are looking for ways to boost the value of their property before it goes on the market. Certain features can add thousands to the price tag of a home, but can cost thousands in the process. Checkatrade experts have shared the “cheapest ways” to add value to a home. Experts from Checkatrade said: “It can be surprisingly quick and easy to make changes to your home and add value, it just requires a little effort to spruce things up and make obvious repairs. “What you need to remember is that first impressions count, so you want your home to look and feel fresh, clean and homely. “The key is to create a home that potential buyers can see themselves living in, without having to immediately do lots of off jobs. “Some of the cheapest ways to add value to your home include, decorating, fixing broken fixtures and fittings, decluttering the main rooms, tidying up the garden and smartening up the driveway. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers revive period home for under £7k “These cheaper alternatives may not add as much value as the bigger projects, but they can have an impact on anyone looking to buy your property.” When it comes to decorating inside the home, freshening up the paintwork was recommended by the experts. They said it “can do wonders” for a home, making rooms look new and adding value at the same time. The experts added: “Stick to light, neutral colours to appeal to the masses and avoid any striking or dark shades, as they tend to be a turn-off for buyers. DON'T MISS:‘Wow factor’ flowers to plant in August [EXPLAINER]Home improvements which won’t add value to your property [COMMENT]How to make natural ‘homemade’ oven degreaser for 50p [EXPERT] “Updating door and cupboard handles is one of the quickest cheap fixes to increase home value. “It might sound like a very subtle change, but you’d be surprised at how many buyers will notice small details like handles and be swayed by them.” First impressions count when it comes to selling a property, and kerb appeal is very important. This means a front door could potentially help or hinder a sale. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Checkatrade experts explained: “If your front door is looking tired, dented or damaged, do yourself a favour and replace it with a shiny new door to boost kerb appeal. “If your home has outdoor space then repairing or replacing any fencing is a relatively inexpensive way to increase home value. “Buyers like to see a clear and well-maintained border of the property and they’ll want to feel like it’s secure. “So if you have any broken or rotting fence panels, get them sorted to add value to your home.” Homeowners should also never underestimate the “power” of a good light fixture. They can add character to a home as long as they fit in with the rest of the home. Many buyers are conscious of being energy efficient, which means swapping to LED bulbs could be a smart move for homeowners. Kitchens and bathrooms are often deemed the most important rooms in a home. This is because they can be expensive to replace and are used everyday. The experts recommended keeping on top of grouting and fixing dirty grout if needed. They said: “Dirty grouting in kitchens and bathrooms is a detail that’s often missed if you’ve been living in your home for a while, but it’s often one of the first things potential buyers will notice. “The good news is, it’s pretty quick, cheap and easy to remove. “Worst case scenario, you need to pay for regrouping, but it certainly counts as one of those cheap fixes to increase home value.” Other ways homeowners can boost their home’s value include sprucing up the garden, cleaning carpets, investing in home security and upgrading rusty taps.