The last few months have given lunar observers back-to-back opportunities to watch the moon appear significantly larger than usual. This week's Sturgeon Moon will arrive as the fourth in the row, following three others in May, June and July. As the last of the year, Britons will want to savour tonight's dazzling display and ensure they venture out in time to watch the peak. A supermoon develops when a full moon reaches the point in its orbital cycle that brings it closest to earth. That point, otherwise known as the "perigee", can make it appear up to seven percent larger and 15 percent brighter than usual. The perigee becomes much clearer for stargazers at its peak, and those hoping to catch the event will need to wait until August 12. READ MORE: Space lightning mystery: 'Gigantic' jet bursts found shooting 80km up The Sturgeon supermoon will start gaining size when it rises in the southeast on August 11 at around 8.55pm. Those with clear skies should see the moon already brightly lit around an hour later. The supermoon will peak in the early morning of August 12, around 2.36am during a phenomenon known as syzygy. The astronomical term refers to the moment the moon stands directly between the earth and the sun, making it appear extra bright. The Sturgeon Moon has features that set it apart from its counterparts in other seasons. Due to the summery weather, it should take on a reddish/orange hue, which has earned it the "red moon" name in the past. North American fishing tribes, who found Sturgeon fish became more abundant in August, first named the moon. Late summer harvest traditions have also seen it dubbed the grain moon and green corn moon. The Sturgeon Moon is the last supermoon of 2022, giving it additional significance among members of the stargazing community. People who miss Thursday's will have to wait nearly a year before they get another chance. The Royal Greenwich Observatory states the next supermoon will arrive on August 1, 2023. August 2023 will more than makeup for the wait, with another supermoon due on August 31. Between now and then, people can still look out for one of the UK's many full moons. There are several incoming from August to December 2022 on the following dates: September 10 (10.59am): Corn/Harvest Moon October 9 (9.55pm): Hunter's Moon November 8 (11.02am): Beaver Moon December 8 (4.08am): Cold Moon