It is commonly caused by lifestyle choices including eating too much fatty food and not exercising enough. Usually, the condition does not cause symptoms and people find out by having a blood test. However, on occasion, there can be signs. According to the Cleveland Clinic, having high cholesterol could lead to retinal vein occlusion (RVO). People who experience this will notice “painless” blurring or loss of vision in one eye. It happens when a blood clot blocks the vein. The clinic explains: “Sometimes it happens because the veins of the eye are too narrow.  READ MORE: Diabetes: The summer snack that could lower post-meal glucose spikes in 'hours' “It is more likely to occur in people with diabetes, and possibly high blood pressure, high cholesterol levels, or other health problems that affect blood flow.” It says symptoms of RVO can be “subtle” in some cases. “The symptoms of retinal vein occlusion range from subtle to very obvious,” it says. “There is painless blurring or loss of vision.   “It almost always happens in just one eye. “At first, the blurring or loss of vision might be slight, but it gets worse over the next few hours or days. “Sometimes there is a complete loss of vision almost immediately.” There is no way to unblock retinal veins, but doctors can treat some of the related health problems.  READ MORE: Dementia: Symptoms that can occur in the evening - signs of 'sundowning' to spot The clinic says: “Vision may come back in some eyes that have had a retinal vein occlusion. “About one third have some improvement, about one third stay the same and about one third gradually improve, but it can take a year or more to learn the final outcome.” Some of the treatments include anti-vascular endothelial growth factor drugs, focal laser therapy and pan-retinal photocoagulation therapy. There are two types of cholesterol found in the blood, which are often referred to as “good” and “bad” cholesterol.  Having “good” cholesterol, known as high-density lipoprotein, makes you less likely to have heart problems or a stroke Whereas “bad” cholesterol or low-density lipoprotein puts you at greater risk of this. To reduce cholesterol levels the NHS advises: 