After its longest dry spell in nearly 50 years, the UK is due to finally be hit with widespread rainfall. Although, yellow weather warnings remain in place until Wednesday as stormy conditions are expected to also cause some disruption. Here’s just where and when you can expect to see rain today. The warnings are alerting the public to the possibility of flooding in some areas due to dry ground caused by the UK’s current drought. Met Office meteorologist Dan Stroud said: “What we’re likely to see is some heavy, intense downpours. “With the ground baked so dry, it’s very difficult for the ground to actually absorb the water very quickly. “So what tends to happen in these circumstances is the water runs off and we can potentially get some surface run-off issues, so some flash floods.” READ MORE: UK weather: Met Office issues yellow warning over THUNDERSTORMS   Rain has already started across the western regions of the UK, covering most of the southwest from Exeter to Minehead, up to Bristol and across to most of eastern and northern Wales. Smatterings are currently spreading across parts of Northern Ireland, particularly in areas around Antrim, Garvagh, and Londonderry, while rainfall is hitting heavier back inland in Scotland. The Met Office Scotland tweeted: “A large thunderstorm, with lightning and heavy rain, will move steadily NE over the next hour or so. “Most likely just to the W of Edinburgh, but causing difficult driving conditions for the morning rush hour.” [SIC]  The volume of rainfall hitting Glasgow, Edinburgh, Aberdeen, and its surrounding areas is currently recording between two and four millimetres to eight to 16 millimetres of rain per hour, with some areas including Livingston, Dunfermline and East Kilbride reaching as heavy as 16 to 32 millimetres. The rain is expected to move across to the north of England as the day draws on, with patches of rain emerging in the more eastern and southern regions in the evening. According to the Met Office forecast, Londoners should expect rain at around 6pm, while small patches in Wilshire and Hampshire around Salisbury and Guildshire should expect a downpour at around 7pm. The Met Office forecast reads: “Thundery showers [will] ease slowly across England and Wales, although some persisting, possibly turning heavier again later." DON'T MISS: Brits hit with 33 flood alerts and 'widespread' thunderstorm warning [ANALYSIS]Victorian village under lake revealed for the first time since 1976 [INSIGHT]How to collect rainwater for your garden - 2 easy tips [EXPLAINED]    Scotland is due to see more general rain this evening, while rain across Northern Ireland will mostly become lighter. On Tuesday, yellow thunderstorm warnings will be lifted across Scotland and instead, a yellow warning for rain will be issued in Scotland’s southwest to the northeastern regions. However, the yellow thunderstorm warnings will remain in place throughout England and Wales, before encapsulating just the south of England on Wednesday. To see where the rain is hitting in real time, click here.  As the wetter weather conditions bring an end to the nation's blistering heatwave, gardeners will be pleased to see lawns and bushes getting the attention they need. With hosepipe bans in place across areas of England due to the drought-induced limited water supply, you'll want to preserve as much rain as possible to keep gardens well-hydrated in the days and weeks to come. To find out more about harvesting rainwater, click here. 