Those in power at Chelsea believe they are on the right track with regards to sealing moves for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Anthony Gordon in advance of next week's transfer deadline, according to reports. The Blues are said to be in the market for attacking reinforcements for the new campaign and have already kickstarted talks involving both players, who are said to be at the top of Thomas Tuchel's wish list. The German manager is said to be a keen admirer of Aubameyang, who could reportedly be sold by Barcelona for around £30million over the coming days, while Everton have already rejected offers in exchange for the services of Gordon this summer. Chelsea are yet to be deterred, though, and are expecting both players to join their ranks before the summer window finally closes, according to the Evening Standard.It is said that Chelsea remain in talks over a move for Aubameyang after meeting the player's representatives in order to sell their project to him earlier this month. They have also been encouraged towards a second set of discussions over a deal to land AC Milan forward Rafael Leao, who has been earmarked as an alternative target at the top of the pitch by the Blues.Chelsea are also said to be increasingly confident that Gordon will eventually make the switch to west London in the not-too-distant future despite Everton's stance against selling the player as things stand. The England youth international has reportedly informed Frank Lampard that he wishes to leave in order to join Chelsea, who are willing to shell out a fee in the region of £60million to make the move stick. JUST IN: Arsenal to chase Lucas Paqueta transfer on one condition Meanwhile, the Blues are still in talks with Leicester City over a move for Wesley Fofana, who is also said to be keen on swapping clubs before the end of the transfer window. The Foxes have already turned down several bids for the French defender but there is said to be a feeling that he will eventually move on in advance of the impending deadline.Chelsea have spent more than any other Premier League club on new players since the end of the previous campaign, with new owner Todd Boehly having splashed around £175million in the market over the last few months. Tuchel has already insisted that he will be looking to make further additions to his squad between now and the end of the window but went on to admit that it would not be the end of the world if no more deals are struck over the next few days. "We don't play fantasy football, and in the end, we need to pay for it, convince the players, and convince clubs to give us their best players, and this is simply not happening," the Chelsea boss told reporters earlier this month."I am super happy with what we've succeeded so far. Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney [Chukwuemeka] and Marc Cucurella are fantastic signings, and I'm more than happy they are with us."It's not finished, everybody knows. But if it's finished, if we don't do anything else, we fight with this squad. If it's not finished, we try to get further quality and with further quality, the ambition level rises." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here