Mum-of-three Rochelle Humes shared her post-pregnancy symptoms in 2021 after the birth of her youngest child Blake. The former The Saturdays band member, who now occasionally hosts This Morning, revealed that one of the most “noticeable” and unexpected changes to her body after birth was hair loss and thinning. Speaking to the Irish Mirror in August 2021, she explained that just “a few months post-pregnancy” her hair “started to thin.” She said: "I just feel like no one really prepared me for hair loss. "I was young when I had Alaia, so I didn’t really know about hair thinning and how hormones can affect it. “My hair was incredible when I was pregnant – it was the best hair ever. READ MORE: Lung cancer symptoms: 2 signs in your breathing could signal a tumour "And then when I had Alaia, I remember being like, 'Oh wow, OK. Well, that’s all gone’.” She added: “I wasn’t super down about it, but it was definitely noticeable." To combat her hair loss, Rochelle started taking hair and energy supplements which she says gave her a "boost". Speaking as an ambassador for JSHealth supplements, she said: "I just wanted to see what people recommended and when I did a poll among my followers, JSHealth Hair + Energy was the unanimous answer." Experts from Pampers say that the primary cause of postpartum hair loss is the hormone oestrogen. They explained: "Many women experience some hair loss after giving birth. "You might find that your hair seems a little thinner all over your head, or you might notice that you’re ‘shedding’ a little more than usual when you run your fingers through your hair or when you wash your hair, for example." Hair thinning or loss after birth is nothing to worry about, and in fact, is completely normal. DON'T MISSHair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips [COMMENT]Asda worker mistook symptom for Covid stress before diagnosis [REPORT]Diabetes: The spiced tea you can make that can reduce blood sugar [INSIGHT] Pampers said: "Pregnancy hormones can affect your body in several different ways. You may have noticed, for example, that your hair became thicker when you were pregnant. "The hormone oestrogen was responsible for this, making your hair grow faster and less likely to fall out." However, once you give birth, your hormone levels will change once again. Essentially, the surplus hair that grew during pregnancy can then begin to fall out. Pampers added: "In a way, although it may seem like hair ‘loss’, it’s actually just things returning to as they were before you were pregnant. "These same pregnancy hormones may also mean that you find your hair is oilier or drier than usual or even a slightly different colour and texture during pregnancy and afterwards." If the hair loss you’re experiencing is caused by the hormonal changes associated with pregnancy and childbirth, it may simply stop on its own without any treatment at all. However, some vitamins and minerals can also help your overall hair health. Pampers recommends vitamin A which can easily be sourced from a healthy and balanced diet.