The energy price cap limits the amount a supplier can charge to those on a default tariff. It has been increasing in recent months, with many Britons fearful about what this means for their bills. And today's announcement has caused further concern as Ofgem announced it will be reviewed every three months, which means more chances for the cap to rise - and more chances your energy bills could go up. Jonathan Brearley, the chief executive of Ofgem, said: “I know this situation is deeply worrying for many people. As a result of Russia’s actions, the volatility in the energy markets we experienced last winter has lasted much longer, with much higher prices than ever before. And that means the cost of supplying electricity and gas to homes has increased considerably.” Mr Brearley explained the changes today ensure the price cap “does its job”. It enables Ofgem to make sure customers are only paying the real cost of their energy, as well as helping to adapt to the volatile market. He added: “We will keep working closely with the Government, consumer groups and with energy companies on what further support can be provided to help with these higher prices.” READ MORE: Energy news: £37m cash injection for homegrown clean power But Britons worry about whether it will actually change anything at all, given forecasts which suggest rocketing prices in the coming months. Typical domestic energy bills have been predicted to hit more than £3,600 per year this coming winter. The forecast was made by consultancy Cornwall Insight, which suggested the typical bill could reach £3,615 in the new year. This is hundreds of pounds more than previous predictions, and has left many fearful of the future. Energy bills will rise and fall more quickly with Ofgem’s announcement, with the regulator warning of a “very challenging winter ahead”. Justina Miltienyte, head of policy at USwitch, believes the news may not provide any more help to Britons at all. DON'T MISSUniversal Credit payments could stop if you go on holiday [EXPLAINED]Tenants urged to make sure that they receive £400 energy bills support [LATEST]Council tax discount: Universal Credit claimants may not have to pay [INSIGHT] She said: “The price cap has always been a sticking plaster to deal with the failures of the energy market. This proposed change is another attempted quick fix, aimed at helping suppliers rather than customers who are unable to switch to a better deal to escape its impact. “A quarterly review will mean that consumers are less shielded from rising prices in the short term. The next price change due on January 1 - just after Christmas - is already expected to increase from the price projected in October. “The more frequent review will eventually mean that if wholesale prices start falling, Ofgem will be able to pass these cuts onto bill-payers a little sooner. However, it is too early to predict when that will happen, as the market remains volatile. “The cap fails to give real, meaningful help to those who need it the most and merely kicks the can down the road of the costs being passed through to customers on price capped tariffs.” READ MORE: Household energy bills set to stay above £3,350 until at least 2024 Pete Mugleston, MD and Money Expert at Online Money Advisor, added: “The issue here is that energy bills are rising and aren’t expected to fall in the short-term – at least until spring 2023 at the earliest. “Also, the next quarterly update will be in January, at the peak of winter energy usage, when the price cap is expected to rise again, which makes budgeting and planning household finances even harder for so many people.” The price cap does not limit how much a person actually pays for their energy. Instead, it caps the unit rate a supplier can charge for each unit of gas and electricity used by Britons. Those who use less, subsequently should pay less, while using more energy will hike bills. The price cap currently covers millions of households, applying to customers who have not fixed into a deal.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea