Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has told players he has full backing from the Glazers to do ‘everything his way’, according to reports. The Dutchman masterminded a vital 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night to give his Old Trafford reign lift-off. But, prior to that victory, he held talks with his squad in a meeting that lasted two hours. Manchester United experienced a difficult start to the Ten Hag era, despite a promising pre-season under the Dutchman. They lost 2-1 to Brighton in their opening game earlier in the month, with Pascal Gross bagging a brace to give the visitors all three points at Old Trafford. And United were then battered by Brentford at the Community Stadium, with goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo giving the home side all three points. The Red Devils were, however, much-improved against Liverpool on Monday night. Goals from Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford in either half put Jurgen Klopp’s side to the sword, giving United a much-needed win in the process. Before that match, according to The Sun, Ten Hag touched upon the Glazers behind the scenes. The Americans are polarising figures at United, with fans protesting against their ownership throughout large periods of their 17-year tenure in the dugout. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal Yet Ten Hag has told the players he has their full support and full backing to do ‘everything his way’. It’s then claimed he told players that anyone who didn’t like it, or did not want to play for him, was free to find a new club. Ten Hag reportedly informed players he wanted them all to be on the same page and play football to his liking, with his methods and tactics always considered. He also told squad members he wouldn’t tolerate underperforming stars ‘ruining his reputation’, while also inviting members of the squad to air their own grievances. His strong talk seemed to have worked, too, with United then outplaying Liverpool as they claimed all three points at the expense of their fiercest rivals. And it’s claimed training in the days that followed the team meeting was ‘on another level’ to what had gone before. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him The Glazers have backed Ten Hag with four signings so far this summer. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the Netherlands international joining from Feyenoord having previously looked set to join Ligue 1 giants Lyon. Brentford wanted Christian Eriksen to stay at the club, having given him a short-term contract in January, yet the Denmark international opted to move to Manchester instead. Arsenal were keen on Lisandro Martinez, only for the player’s good relationship with Ten Hag to work in United’s favour instead. And Casemiro has become the latest big name to rock up at Old Trafford, with the 30-year-old joining from Real Madrid as an alternative to Frenkie de Jong. Ten Hag wants yet more backing from his owners, however. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United are pushing to land Antony from Ajax, amid suggestions a deal for the Brazil international could end up costing in the region of £84million. Cody Gakpo is another option, as well as Memphis Depay - who previously spent 18 months at the club during his younger years. United want a new right-back, at a time where Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have been deemed surplus to requirements. And a back-up goalkeeper is being eyed, too, with David De Gea enduring a shaky start to the season in the wake of the decision to loan Dean Henderson to Nottingham Forest. Regarding the Glazers, meanwhile, BBC Sport pundit and former Arsenal star Ian Wright recently slammed their running of United. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "To watch Man United like that now isn't fun for me," Wright said, speaking on his Wrighty's House Podcast. "I don't know how many years this is going to take. "From the fans' point of view, who've been protesting from day one, obviously we've seen more and more money being taken out and they've been saying that for time. “The saddest thing is that Man United are still able to generate [big] money, which is why they can spend a billion quid on players. It just shows when you get the wrong people running a football club. "Someone has got to buy that club and let them do their thing now. It's got to a place now for Man United fans where this is wrong. "It's like Newcastle, what he [Mike Ashley] was doing at Newcastle to the fans was wrong. What the Glazers are doing to that football is wrong." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here