The Queen's only daughter took to the sea over the weekend to take part in a Platinum Jubilee celebration. Princess Anne was on the Solent to join the sailing and yachting community in marking the 70 years on the throne of the Queen with a spectacular showcase of more than 400 boats. Sharing pictures from the event, the Royal Family's official Twitter account wrote: "The Princess Royal was on the Solent this weekend at a Platinum Jubilee celebration, following this year’s Cowes Week on the Isle of Wight. "Over 400 boats from the local sailing and yachting community came together on the water for a spectacular showcase. "Her Royal Highness carried out the Fleet Review and Motor Past Review as the Solent filled with a gathering of Dunkirk Little Ships, Sail Training Ships and historic yachts." Three of the snaps shared by the official royal account show the Princess Royal aboard a boat with her husband Sir Timothy Laurence. In the snaps, the hard-working royal waves her straw hat in the air to salute another boat passing close to hers. Two other photographs depict Anne chatting with attendees. For this event, the 71-year-old stuck to the nautical team and donned a blue blazer above a white and blue striped shirt and white trousers. The princess also donned her sporty polarised sunglasses she has been often spotted wearing on sunny days. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's close friend shares update on Archie and Lilibet Princess Anne's engagement came at the end of Cowes Week, one of the oldest and largest regattas in the world. Speaking ahead of the event celebrating the Queen's historic milestone, the chairman of the organising committee, Jonathan Nainby-Luxmoore said: "The Royal Family continues to give wonderful support to the sailing community and charities in the Solent and her presence will make this special celebration of The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee even more memorable." The Royal Family account's tweets were welcomed by royal fans on Twitter, with one, @lynthearcher, saying: "HRH is amazing!" Another, @cherylsmilesx, recalled Kate's love for sailing and asked the Firm to organise a joint sailing event for the Duchess and Anne. They tweeted: "Could we have an Anne and Catherine sailing engagement please". Kate is known to be a fan of several sports and to have a particular passion for sailing. Over her years as a working royals, the Duchess has taken part in a few charity regattas. In August 2019, she went head to head with Prince William in a tournament which saw the royals and A-listers raising money for eight charities supported by the Duke and Duchess. Most recently, Kate joined the 1851 Trust during a visit to the Great Britain Sail Grand Prix in Plymouth. After meeting young people taking part in the trust's activities to promote sustainability, she got in the F50 catamaran to join the British racing team in a friendly Commonwealth Race against New Zealand. Kate and Princess Anne delighted fans by carrying out their first-ever joint engagement in April. Together, the royals stepped out in London to highlight the work of maternal healthcare services. Visiting the new joint hub of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG), Anne and Kate learned about digital tools being developed to identify and support women with higher-risk pregnancies and people focusing their attention on avoiding brain injury in childbirth. Kate became the patron of the RCOG in 2018 while the Princess Royal has been patron of the RCM for two decades.