Adrian Vasilescu, from Romania, was set to appear in court last week for allegedly attempting to murder of his girlfriend in Glasgow in 2020. It comes after he committed a very similar offence 10 years before. The 42-year-old thug, who was once labelled one of Britain's "most wanted" offenders had been on the run for 10 years. In 2011, he was wanted in Romania for slashing a woman’s throat with a broken beer bottle. An international manhunt ensued, lasting more than a decade before police finally caught up with him. Police traced him to a property in the Manor Park area of London, where he then appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court for extradition.  He later failed to report to officers after being released on bail, the Mail on Sunday reported. The Metropolitan Police told The Telegraph that he returned to Romania in August 2012 where he was arrested, and the extradition request was therefore cancelled. The force admitted it didn't know whether Vasilescu had been convicted of any crimes in Romania. In 2020, eight years later, Vasilescu was arrested once again for a disturbingly similar crime - of attempting to murder his girlfriend, Oana Clapotura, in Paisley, near Glasgow. READ MORE: Manchester police launch manhunt for on-the-run murder suspect He was, despite being a known flight risk, freed from custody and granted bail. When his case called for sentencing last week court officials admitted he had disappeared again. Vasilescu was sentenced in his absence, where the court heard that he punched and threw his girlfriend to the ground before stabbing her multiple times. His victim was left severely injured and permanently scarred from the attack. Critics have condemned the force's decision to release Vasilescu on bail when he had shown that he is a danger to the public.  Russell Findlay, a community safety spokesman for the Scottish Conservatives, said: “It's staggering that a highly dangerous criminal with such a long history of going on the run should have been bailed. “Given his background, it comes as no surprise that he has now vanished yet again – inevitably putting innocent members of the public at risk of violence.” A spokesperson for the Judicial Office for Scotland said: “In considering whether or not to grant bail to an accused in a particular case, the sheriff must take into account what is put to the court by the Crown and by the defence; and must consider the unique facts and circumstances of the case and of the accused.” 