TV personality and First Dates star Fred Sirieix was visibly emotional as his daughter, Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix, won her second gold medal at the Commonwealth Games on Monday. The youngster clinched the top spot in the mixed synchronised 10m platform alongside Noah Williams to help towards England's finishing total of 176 medals. A whopping 57 of those were gold as England put on a solid showing on home turf. It was not enough to finish top of the tree as Australia left with 67 golds from 178 total medals, but diving was a consistent source of joy for the home nation. That was the case right until the final day of action as Spendolini-Sirieix and Williams finished with 333.06 points to fend off their competition. To sweeten the deal even further, fellow English pair Kyle Kothari and Louis Toulson were just behind to take silver. Spendolini-Sirieix, 17, also won gold in the 10m platform last week and took silver alongside Eden Cheng in the synchronised 10m platform. DON'T MISS: Laura Kenny beams over Commonwealth Games gold after heartbreak of 'nightmare' year  After her latest triumph on Monday, Spendolini-Sirieix's father - the First Dates star commonly known as 'Fred' - burst into tears while watching on from the crowd. He also voiced his support on social media, writing: "It’s gold in the mixed diving 10m platform synchro," he wrote. "I’m crying! Andrea and Noah well done to you both." Spendolini-Sirieix also bagged a bronze at the World Championships in Budapest earlier this year and two medals at the European Championships two years ago. Having sealed her third medal of a tremendous games in Birmingham, she told the BBC: "This has definitely exceeded what I hoped. "I came here with no expectations - I just wanted to have fun. I made a conscious decision to train even harder than the last couple of months and it's paid off. I don't want to put any pressure on myself - that's what makes you crumble. I'm very excited for the next two years." This year marks the first time that mixed synchronised diving has been contested at the Commonwealth games. The Scottish partnership of Grace Reid and James Heatly had earlier won the mixed synchronised 3m springboard gold as the Home Nations put up impressive numbers. "It's insane," said Heatly after a strong final dive sealed a score of 306.00. "I'm over the moon. I honestly don't know what to say to that. "It's been tough. I'm really happy to do this with Grace, though, and to save all of this for the last day. If it becomes an event at the Olympics then we're up for it."