The tax is paid to the local council and pays for basic services such as the police and social services. Many Britons on low incomes and other benefits may be able to get a discount on their bill or even be eligible to pay no council tax at all. Universal Credit claimants can get up to 100 percent off their bill, although this depends on where they live and the policy of their local council. People can check with their council for what discounts they offer. Those who are unsure who their local council is can find out on the Government website. It’s vital for a person to make sure that they get the right information as council tax is classed as a priority bill. Anyone who falls behind on payments may have to pay a full year’s balance at once. READ MORE: Pensioners with back pain or other conditions could get up to £4,804 There is also the possibility of bailiffs, court action and even prison for those who do not pay what is owed. People in low incomes or who receive other benefits may also receive a deduction. What a person is entitled to will vary depending on where you live. Again, the local council will have the information about this. Those who live alone can get 25 percent off the amount that they pay. DON'T MISSPension: Britons could lose out on £7,800 through 'torpor tax' [ANALYSIS]Over 50s face major challenges as cost of living bites [INSIGHT]State pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees [UPDATE] Households where one adult and a student live together can also get this discount. This can also apply where one adult and one person classed as severely mentally impaired share a property. People who live with a carer, who does not pay council tax, can get a reduction of up to 50 percent. Pensioners on the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit can get up to 100 percent off their bill. Other discounts are available for retirees. Those with less than £16,000 in savings may be able to get a discount. Pensioners who live alone can also get 25 percent off their bill. People who lives with a disabled person can also get a council tax reduction. The property will need to have an extra bathroom, kitchen or other room, for the disabled person, and/or extra space for a wheelchair. Discounts are also available if a person or someone a person lives with is severely mentally impaired. A full discount is available for those who are severely mentally impaired and who live on their own. They can also get a 100 percent discount if they live with adults who are also severely mentally impaired or who are full time students. Those with second homes may also be able to slash their bill. People usually have to pay council tax on a property they own or rent that’s not their main home. However, local councils can offer discounts in these situations. A person selling a property on behalf of a previous owner who has died doesn’t have to pay council tax until receiving a probate. The probate is the legal right to dispose of a person’s property. After receiving the probate, a person may be able to get a probate for six months if the property is unused and still in the name of the deceased. The Government is paying a £150 council tax rebate to all homes in council bands A to D, to help with the rising cost of living. The payments are due to be made by the end of September this year.