Leeds have missed out on their seventh signing after it was revealed that Arnaud Kalimuendo will be joining Rennes rather than heading to Elland Road. The Whites were keen on the Frenchman but failed to strike a deal with Paris Saint-Germain for the forward. Jesse Marsch has welcomed six new signings to his ranks this summer already in an attempt to bolster his ranks so that they do not replicate their poor form of last season. Leeds have waved goodbye to Raphinha, joining Barcelona, and Kalvin Phillips, who headed to Manchester City, though replacements were soon found. Having no cover for Patrick Bamford has been an issue for Leeds over the past few campaigns, and Marsch appeared keen to address that issue by signing Kalimuendo – who scored 12 goals in 37 appearances on loan at Lens last season. However, according to L’Equipe, the 20-year-old is set to join Rennes in a deal worth £21million. The Whites did not bid for Kalimuendo, though the news that the forward is now Rennes-bound will certainly be disappointing, especially with reports claiming that PSG were not overly fond of the idea of allowing their academy graduate to depart. JUST IN: Barcelona 'agree fee' for Bernardo Silva to spark frenzy on Frenkie de Jong future Marsch has recently come under fire from former Leeds midfielder Carlton Palmer, who has not been ‘impressed’ by the former Red Bull Salzburg boss since joining the Premier League club. He told talkSPORT: “I've not been overly impressed with him “That (keeping Leeds in the Premier League) is not enough. It's not good enough. I expected a little bit more from him with all the hullabaloo that came with him coming in. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window “They were very fortuitous to stay up last season and they'll have to do an awful lot better this season under him. They're lucky that it might only be one (relegation) spot. I think they'll be in the bottom half of the table." This season provides Marsch with an opportunity to prove doubters wrong, and he will rely on his new recruits to step up to the mark. New signings Brenden Aaronson, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roja and Tyler Adams all made their league debuts last weekend in a 2-1 victory over Wolves. The performance certainly indicated that Leeds are a work in progress, though there was plenty for fans to be excited about. Though whether they will have enough to build on last season and steer themselves clear of a second successive dogfight at the bottom of the table remains to be seen.