Barcelona defender Jules Kounde is reportedly getting annoyed at his situation at the Nou Camp as the Catalan giants are still unable to register him. Barca shelled out a staggering £46million to land the centre-back last month after prising him away from their La Liga rivals Sevilla. Kounde arrived in Catalonia in time for the start of the new season but was forced to sit out his side’s opening game of the campaign as they were held to a 0-0 draw at home to Rayo Vallecano last weekend. And according to Spanish publication Sport, Kounde was aware after Saturday’s training session that he would not be able to play against Real Sociedad on Sunday evening either as the salary cap does not allow his registration. And the situation is beginning to bother him. The 23-year-old, who has won 11 caps for France, is desperate to make his Barcelona debut but is still unclear about whether he will be able to take to the pitch next Sunday when his team host Real Valladolid. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo U-turn, Newcastle eye double deal, Caicedo latest    The club’s coaching staff, however, have reassured the youngster that there will be no problems registering him in time for their third match of the season and that they have prepared economic actions in the event that there are no player departures over the coming week. Kounde’s registration would have been more straightforward had Memphis Depay left the club to sign for Juventus. But the Dutchman has still been unable to complete a move to the Italian giants, despite ongoing talks. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four players in trouble with Glazers ready to spend £107.3mMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroTottenham flop 'in Nottingham Forest's sights' as new boys eye 17th signing   Kounde has developed into one of the best young defenders in European football over the last few years and helped Sevilla finish fourth in La Liga last season. And he opted to head to the Nou Camp rather than moving to the Premier League. Chelsea had been long-term admirers of the defender and their boss Thomas Tuchel was keen to take him to Stamford Bridge after losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. But the west London giants were unable to get their hands on him. Tuchel could well be ruing his bad luck in the transfer market when it comes to Kounde. The German saw his side whimper to a 3-0 defeat to Leeds on Sunday as the Blues defence was pulled apart at Elland Road. Centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly, who joined the club from Napoli this summer, was given his marching orders for a second bookable offence late on - and Tuchel could well face a battle to get his side performing once again. 