Chelsea might have felt their chances of signing Benjamin Pavard have improved if they watched their transfer target help Bayern Munich overcome Bundesliga rivals RB Leipzig in the German Super Cup. The France international scored in the 5-2 victory, but the Blues were given renewed hope of clinching a £35million transfer. Wide-ranging reports suggest that Pavard is considering his future this summer as he wants to play more frequently at centre-back. The 26-year-old apparently sees his future in the middle of defence. Pavard featured in 25 times in the Bundesliga last season but made most of his appearances at right-back. It appears that Bayern have no plans to move him into his preferred role after he started on the right of a back four against Leipzig. The former Stuttgart star played well in the position and scored Bayern’s third goal just before half-time. He turned home a cut back to put the Bavarians 3-0 ahead in a dominant first half. JUST IN: Chelsea have four wonderkids who could break into Tuchel's first team But the World Cup winner playing at right-back suggests that Bayern head coach Julian Nagelsmann will not shift him into the centre any time soon. That could prompt Pavard to consider a switch to Chelsea, who are desperate for central defenders. The Premier League side needed at least a couple of defenders before the start of the transfer window but have so far only managed to sign long-term Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli. They have been turned down by former player Nathan Ake and now-Barcelona ace Jules Kounde in a lengthy saga. Pavard is apparently open to moving to Stamford Bridge and several reports in Germany suggest he will cost just £35m. That is around £20m less than Chelsea were willing to pay for the much more inexperienced Kounde. DON'T MISS...Conte singles out three Tottenham stars who 'need to work'Arsenal star Gabriel Jesus already has two partners in crimeNewcastle 'in Chelsea talks' over Timo Werner loan Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has publicly called on new owner Todd Boehly to speed up his transfer business with less than a week to go until the West Londoners begin their Premier League campaign against Everton. Tuchel was desperate to have several additions in place ahead of the top-flight’s opening weekend, but so far has only welcomed Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling. Pavard would be an excellent signing for the Blues, although they reportedly face competition from Manchester United. Tuchel could use him on the right side of his back three, with Koulibaly and Thiago Silva alongside. Chelsea will hope that Pavard can be convinced to make the move before the end of the transfer window. A fresh challenge in a new league and the opportunity to play at centre-back could be the deciding factors.