Ukrainian forces had committed to retaking the southern regions, including across Kherson, that quickly fell to Russian forces earlier this year. But this effort has been increased since the start of this week, the MoD said.  Late on Tuesday night, Ukrainian authorities claimed they had retaken four villages in the Russian-controlled region. Several defences around the Black Sea city of Kherson were breached in a dramatic push by Ukraine. Kyiv announced the start of the concerted retaking of Kherson on Monday, with a former official in the region saying "the first line of Russian defences on the Kherson front" had been broken. Sergei Khlan continued on the messaging app Telegram: "Today there was a powerful artillery attack on enemy positions in [...] the entire territory of the occupied Kherson region. "This is the announcement of what we have been waiting for since the spring – it is the beginning of the de-occupation of the Kherson region." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky then addressed Russian soldiers on Tuesday: "The occupiers should know we shall oust them to the border, the line of which has not changed." He added: "If they want to survive, it's time for the Russian military to run away. Go home." Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov, responded to the offensive that Russia would still fulfil its objectives, commenting: "All of our goals will be reached." READ MORE: Trump brags he has illicit 'intelligence' on Macron's sex life  But the MoD's analysis appears to back the decisive push through to Kherson city reported by Ukrainian authorities. It described "several axes" to the Ukrainian assault, with Russian likely to draft in forces from the eastern Donbas region to attempt to maintain its grip on southern Ukraine. It tweeted in its daily intelligence update: "Ukrainian armoured forces have continued to assault Russia’s Southern Grouping of Forces on several axes across the south of the country since Monday. "Ukrainian formations have pushed the front line back some distance in places, exploiting relatively thinly held Russian defences. DON'T MISS: Russia delivers hammer blow to EU as it SWITCHES OFF gas supplies [REPORT] Putin to be annihilated by guerrilla forces 'secretly trained' by US [ANALYSIS]POLL: Should new Prime Minister hold another Brexit referendum? [VOTE]  "In line with its doctrine, Russia will likely now attempt to plug the gaps in its line using pre-designated mobile reserve units. "These will likely include some of those from the Eastern Grouping of Forces." Ukraine's Southern Command said that in the first day of the offensive, Russia had lost 82 soldiers and two tanks. The Russian ministry countered that Ukraine had sustained losses of 1,200 soldiers.   An advisor to Mr Zelensky said that the Ukrainian offensive was designed to "grind the enemy" down, and would not be over quickly. Kherson holds a certain symbolic value for the war effort, as it was the first city taken by Russia.