Sean Astin has been on-screen for over 30 years, but it was his portrayal of Bob Newby on Netflix’s Stranger Things which took him to new heights. Following his exit in season two, the actor landed a new role in a true story cycling show.   Sean Astin was first introduced to Stranger Things fans as Joyce Byer’s (played by Winona Ryder) kind-hearted boyfriend. He was a father figure to her sons Jonathan Byers (Charlie Heaton) and Will Byers (Noah Schnapp). Although he only lasted one season, he was a fan-favourite for sacrificing himself to save them, so they could get to safety and away from the Mind Flayer. Having also starred in Lord of the Rings, Sean will return to screens for the upcoming drama, Hard Miles. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Alicia Gallagher returns as tragedy strikes   The drama will transport viewers to Ridge View, Colorado in 2001, a place which gives at-risk youngsters a second chance through targeted treatment. With up to 4,300 young people in their care, the establishment hoped to eradicate offences with the use of sports and academia. According to Deadline, Sean will portray a “benevolent local bike shop mechanic Speedy.” As a result, his character will feature closely with the cycling team of Ridge View Academy.   Hard Mile will reunite Sean with fellow Stranger Things alum Matthew Modine who starred as the villain Dr Martin Brenner. He will portray Greg Townsend, the leader of Ridge View for the last 30 years. Starring alongside Sean and Matthew will be Jahking Guillory, Cynthia Kaye McWilliams, Jackson Kelly, Leslie David Baker, Zachary T Robbins and Damien Diaz. Jahking Guillory, Jackson Kelly, Damien Diaz and Zachary T Robbins will likely be at the forefront as they will portray the competing cyclists. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans demand major Claire and Jamie change [INSIGHT]Stranger Things’ Vecna star tribute to Kevin Costner ahead of project [INSIGHT] Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? [INSIGHT] The movie also enlisted the help of cycling veterans and former pro cyclists Christian Vande Velde and George Hincapie. Hard Miles inspired a nationwide charity ride is in the works with Gran Fondo Hincapie, a renowned cycling event held in different cities across the US. Sean shot to fame after landing the role of the noble Hobbit gardener Samwise Gamgee in the Star Wars trilogy. Despite this, the actor was truly missed by Stranger Things fans after his departure in season two left viewers emotional.   His girlfriend Joyce was also devastated after his death, as Bob had been there to lift her spirits after the traumatic events of Will’s disappearance. Since his exit, she was able to find peace again in her friendship with Jim Hopper (David Harbour). While fans have rooted for the two to have a romantic relationship, fans could soon see this come to pass in the upcoming fifth season. As the highly anticipated instalment will be the last for the series, perhaps Bob could make a surprise comeback, after all, Hopper was also presumed dead.  Stranger Things is available on Netflix 