On Wednesday's Loose Women, the ITV panel were back to share their thoughts on the latest news headlines. Christine Lampard, Coleen Nolan, Janet Street-Porter and Jane Moore were also joined by actor and impressionist Debra Stephenson, who spoke to the presenters about her latest project in the studio. However, midway through the show, Coleen and Christine gave fans an exciting update about the programme. The panellists told viewers at home that from September a live audience was allowed back in the studio again. At the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic, ITV bosses were forced to ban all guests and audience members from the studio for safety reasons. Even the panellists had to sit at least two metres apart to adhere to social-distancing guidelines. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history Although, during Wednesday's show, fans were thrilled to learn they could apply to be part of the studio audience. The announcement caused such a frenzy online, that the ITV website crashed from viewers applying for tickets. "We've got some very exciting news, we have been teasing it all day," Christine began before turning to her co-star: "Coleen, what is it?" "It is, it really is," Coleen replied. "But it's not about me for once. It's about you, you at home. "Over the past two and a half years, it's been a bit lonely and empty in here. "I mean, we've got a lovely crew, sorry, crew and as much as we love you, this studio needs filling up. "As from early September, we are bringing back the studio audience." As the crew began to cheer, Christine weighed in: "We have actually missed having a studio audience. DON'T MISS...What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton savages Gary Lineker over tweet backlash [VIDEO]Rebekah Vardy breaks down in interview since Wagatha Christie trial [REACTION] "It has just been us up here, and so it will be lovely to see you all coming back on again, as many of you as possible to fill up this studio from early September." "It's a chance to meet all of us," the host added. "Of course, you can have a little sneak peek behind the scenes...the bits you don't get to see on screen." Coleen went on to admit that she feels nervous about having an audience back in the studio. She later said: "But it will be great to have someone to talk to between the ad breaks." Later on in the show, Christine went on to tell viewers that the website had crashed due to the influx of requests. She added: "Apparently the website has crashed. There have been so many of you trying to get in touch. "Please bear with us, it will be back up and running soon." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.