Naga Munchetty, 47, has hit back at a Twitter user who took to the social media site to brand her "the most annoying person on TV". It came after BBC Breakfast posted a tweet which Naga replied to. The initial tweet from the show's account read: “The Bull has been saved. “On #BBCBreakfast Truffles the (bull) dog turns out to help save the mechanical Birmingham bull that was the centrepiece of the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony. “It will now remain until September and then move to an indoor location.” READ MORE: ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' Naga responded to the post, writing: “Yay”, alongside two clapping emojis. Twitter user @William03202689 then wrote: “Can I just say Naga. I can't explain why but I find you the most annoying person on TV.” Naga reacted calmly to the tweet with good humour, writing: “I just can't understand why people don't know how to use apostrophes William. “Ho hum. We all have a cross to bear. X.” Fans of the TV presenter rushed to her support on the social media platform. @MaxSkyNews wrote: “People actually take time out of their day to do this. “As if the expected response is: ‘Well, I haven't been dissuaded from a 20-year career in journalism until now. “But some wazzock with nine digits in his username has swayed me, so I hereby resign." DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [HEALTH] Brad Pitt, 58, looks dapper in green suit amid retirement claims [HOLLYWOOD] Tess Daly puts on sultry display in red swimsuit flashing toned legs [PICS] @Gazzer02 said: “Don’t know why you feel the need to insult someone who just happens to be on TV. “Would you have the b***s to do it in the street? I doubt it very much.” @CausalNexus01 wrote: “May I chime in that I don't know you either, but you seem like an entirely likable, witty, and really rather splendid person. x” @DempsterGavin penned: “Naga Munchetty, Meghan Markle and Diane Abbott there is a cohort on Twitter who find the above "annoying”. “Unlike William I can explain why racism takes many guises. “Using the inability to 'explain' is perhaps the most pernicious. Ms Munchetty is an outstanding broadcaster.” @SaintTaylor penned: “Naga is a lovely individual who knows how and where to use apostrophes. “You could take a leaf out of her book, methinks. No need to be nasty!”