Manchester United must sign a Ruud van Nistelrooy-type striker if Cristiano Ronaldo leaves the club before next week's transfer deadline. That is the verdict of ex-Red Devils forward Louis Saha, who does not think Erik ten Hag can rely on Anthony Martial. Ronaldo wants to leave United in this window. However, his departure is looking increasingly unlikely due to a lack of clubs interested in his services. But if he were to get a late move, Saha says the Portugal superstar must be replaced. Ronaldo was United's leading goalscorer in all competitions last season. Martial is back from his loan at Sevilla but missed the opening two games of the season due to injury. He came on as a half-time substitute in the 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday but has now suffered an Achilles problem which will at least keep him out of Saturday's trip to Southampton. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £8m offer, Chelsea trigger clause, Klopp hint  Saha played alongside legendary former United striker Van Nistelrooy. And he says Ten Hag will need to sign a player with the Dutchman's "killer" instinct if Ronaldo were to leave. Saha told talkSPORT: "I think it would be a combination. Antony is a great player but I don't think that he doesn't give you the guarantee of 25 goals because there are some games where the player that we know needs a bit more aggression to himself. "He's got all the qualities, you can see it. He came on [against Liverpool] and he reacted well, recovered balls, and managed to get that great pass to Rashford. "He's got the qualities, there is no doubt about it. But it's about consistency and I think that's why they're maybe looking for another striker if Ronaldo is leaving. DON'T MISSChelsea holding 'high-level meetings' as to secure final transfersWolves boss' telling three-word comment as Arsenal plot Neto transferWest Ham agree club-record transfer for Lucas Paqueta as Arsenal miss out  "Definitely there is a need of like a 'killer' up front, someone who is actually going to have that kind of anger like a Van Nistelrooy type, where those guys are there for the tap ins, the scrappy goals, the thing that is going to make the team breathe when they really need it because they have one chance in a game. That type of profile is not Martial." Speaking at his press conference on Friday, Ten Hag revealed the injury to Martial but hopes it will only be a short layoff. He said: "Anthony Martial is not fit. "He came out with a problem on his Achilles, [coming] out of the game, so we have to wait. I cannot tell a prognosis how long it takes but, of course, I hope that he will be available for the next game [Leicester]." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 