Head of State Duma Defense Committee Andrey Kartapolov claimed that Ukrainian children were being brainwashed by 'Banderite Nazi scumbags" before laying out his horrendous plans for them. The Russian politician suggested focusing on Ukrainian children first rather than veterans. Kartapolov explained plans to send Ukrainian children to Russian cadet schools for free.  The Russian politician claimed taking Ukrainian children and educating them in a Russian institution would show the wider world that Russia was serious and here to say. Kartapolov told Russia 1: "There are many problems over there, for sure, a lot has to be restored, rebuilt from scratch. "But the biggest problem today is people, there are also children, and children are the very category that was the most mistreated by the Banderite Nazi scumbags, who simply brainwashed them. "If we want these territories to be with us, for them to have a future as part of the Russian Federation, we shouldn't be concentrating on veterans first. "Although everyone is having a hard time, we need to deal with the children. JUST IN: 'True Remainer colours!' Sunak slams Truss over foreign worker scheme in Brexit dig     Kartapolov added: "Perhaps in our Suvorov's, Nakhimov's cadet schools there could be additional enrolment, and we could send these kiddies there. "Maybe Moscow's higher educational institutions and others in the country should reserve additional spots, for students who could be placed on a budgetary basis in free dormitories. "Today we can't pay anything for their education, none the less we have to do this because then people will believe we're serious, and Russia is here for a long time, forever." Putin's politicians have been spouting various wild suggestions about how they will treat those they claim to be enemies of Russia since way before the illegal invasion began. READ MORE:'Utter contempt!' SNP MP blasts Truss after she slams Sturgeon in race to replace Boris The number of Ukrainian children killed at the hands of Russian troops is still on the rise, and estimates of the actual amount have varied. Western countries have stepped into taking in refugees and their family members since the invasion began in order to save lives. Experts have warned that If Russian forces were to start taking Ukrainian children and shipping them off to Russia, it would violate the Geneva Convention. Reports of the Kremlin changing a decree in order to change the citizenship of Ukrainian children allowed to enter Russia without a guardian came about in June. DON'T MISS:Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION]Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT]    The ministry wrote: "In the course of the ongoing full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, the Russian occupiers continue to violate the norms of international law and resort to unacceptable actions. "The illegal and forced displacement of Ukrainian citizens, including children, among them orphans, children deprived of parental care, as well as children whose parents died as a result of Russia’s military aggression, across the state borders of our State to the territory of Russia." The ministry added: "the admission of Ukrainian orphans or those left without parental care to Russian citizenship as an attempt by the Kremlin to legalise the illegal movement of Ukrainian children." "By his decree, Vladimir Putin actually legalised the abduction of children from the territory of Ukraine." 