The video clip shows a crew of a Russian BMP-1 infantry fighting vehicle, taking what appears to be a safe route, before driving over a Ukrainian anti-tank mine. The Russian tank was obliterated in Yakovlivka, a region in Donetsk Oblast, and surprisingly many of the Russian troops appear to have survived, as they can be seen running from the vehicle after the mine detonated. Ukraine has been gifted with top-of-the-range military weapons from NATO-aligned countries, in order to and win the war against Russia. Peace talks between the two neighbouring countries have halted, as the fighting intensifies. The Russian military tank starts to drive between two bombed-out Russian tanks. As the Russian tank begins to drive off-road, onto the grass it picks up speed, before driving directly over an anti-tank mine, laid by Ukrainian forces. An instant explosion consumes the Russian tank in a cloud of thick grey smoke as debris flies out in multiple directions in the open field-like space. Multiple Russian soldiers begin to stream out of the tank and begin to run for their lives, it is still unknown how many casualties the anti-tank mine caused. JUST IN: Save £5 off petrol at all UK stations with cash back deal - how to claim Users on social media have been reacting to the clip. One user @Flat6fanatic said: "I am not an armour guy but I watch every one of these videos I can find. I am constantly shocked at how many crew members survive these ATGM, Mine attacks on their IFVs and Tanks. Unbelievable!" @_R_Adair_ said: "These videos are quite sanitised due to distance & resolution. They don’t show wounds or burns etc & quite often then are extensive afterwards. Many of these guys will be in a very bad way / out of the war. Think about people walking away from crashes vs hours later in A&E x100," @Swinks35552476 said: "Looks like an ambush. In 0:13 you can see in the upper part of the clip several figures running away in overgrown vegetation. Also, from 0:15 you can see that those who bailed out from BMP are shot by rifle fire, at least 3 fallen and not moving." @Canuduh73 said: "I know this is war, but mocking individuals being killed just feels wrong." READ MORE:'Undermined democracy!' Albanese takes swipe at ex-PM Morrison over self-appointed roles  @Zara0101 said: "Just imagine the terror you'd feel. It's easy for me to yell "slava Ukraine!" when I see these victories, but when I imagine myself in this position, I actually feel a little sick inside. There's death, but think of being horribly crippled; blind, w.out arms and legs, insane." @Bierlecnj said: "Probably an IED, not a mine. You can see people hidden in the grass, that ran away after the explosion." @MurderousPengu1 said: "Adrenaline & shock - the brain hasn’t processed what just happened to the body. Men may try to secure a weapon with a hand/limb they just lost, try to stand on a mangled stump where a foot used to be, etc- not pretty nor indicative of actual wounds/damage sustained." @Watcher_PM said: "anyone notice the three guys in the tall grass above them? Something went flying and almost took one out." DON’T MISS: Mum stole £1,500 from her own grandad but walks free from court[INSIGHT] Outrage as man ordered to pay 2P debt to DWP - of face legal action 'They were serious' [REVEAL] US, South Korea and Japan conduct first combined ballistic missile exercise since 2017 [SPOTLIGHT]  Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: “This latest tranche of military support will enable the Armed Forces of Ukraine to continue to defend against Russian aggression and the indiscriminate use of long-range artillery.