Emma Raducanu pointed to Serena Williams’ longevity as the most inspiring aspect of the American’s legacy after she announced her impending retirement. On Tuesday, Williams took to social media to suggest she was set to retire from tennis following the US Open later this month. Williams claimed her first win in 340 days at the National Bank Open on Monday and hinted at retirement, which worried her fans that she was set to walk away from the sport. The 40-year-old appears on the cover of Vogue in September’s issue, and said: “I’m turning 41 this month, and something’s got to give. I have never liked the word retirement. It doesn’t feel like a modern word to me. “I’ve been thinking of this as a transition, but I want to be sensitive about how I use that word, which means something very specific and important to a community of people. Maybe the best word to describe what I’m up to is evolution.” Raducanu lost 6-7 1-6 to Italian Camila Giorgi in the first round of the Toronto tournament, but the retirement of the 23-time Grand Slam champion dominated the news. The Brit was frustrated as she suffered a blow in her preparation to defend the US Open title she brilliantly claimed last year, but she found time to praise Williams and her achievements. READ MORE: Kyrgios 'happy' as he reacts to setting up Medvedev thriller in Canada “Her career is incredible,” Raducanu said. “She’s achieved so much so to see her around during this US Open swing is really inspiring. “She keeps playing because she obviously loves the game. The longevity of her career is something that a lot of the players, especially me, can aspire to. She definitely changed the game. There’s never been someone who’s dominated like her.” Raducanu’s praise of Williams’ influence on the women’s game came after the 19-year-old crashed out of the National Bank Open. She is now set to head to Cincinnati for the last chance to hone her game and get up to speed before the US Open gets underway. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios says playing Medvedev 'sucks' ahead of Montreal clashMurray suffers US Open setback after latest defeat in warm-up eventKyrgios outguns Baez to set up popcorn Medvedev clash in Montreal Raducanu will be trying to defend her remarkable 2021 crown at this year’s US Open which carries 2,000 world ranking points. The Brit remarkably won the Flushing Meadows event - just her second Grand Slam appearance - without dropping a set at just 18 years of age, becoming the first qualifier to win a major title with her 6-4 6-3 win over fellow teenager Leylah Fernandez in the final. She also became the first British woman to win a Grand Slam singles title since Virginia Wade triumphed at Wimbledon back in 1977. The 2022 US Open main draw begins on Monday August 29 and runs for two weeks in New York.