Chainsaw Man anime fans have a big week ahead of them, with trailer 2 - which is the first in over a year - set to be unveiled imminently. The adaptation of Tatsuki Fujimoto's popular manga is getting released this year, with Crunchyroll the place to watch Chainsaw Man in the UK in 2022. But despite this fast approaching launch a release date hasn't been confirmed nor have fans seen a new trailer since the debut promo that dropped in June 2021. This is all changing soon though, with MAPPA set to reveal Chainsaw Man trailer 2 on Friday August 5. If you want to tune in and see the reveal of the trailer as soon as it's available then you need to head to the MAPPA YouTube channel. You can find a link for the live stream for the Chainsaw Man anime trailer 2 below. Also, if you are looking for the start times for the big Chainsaw Man reveal then here's when trailer 2 will be available to watch in different time zones... Chainsaw Man trailer 2 reveal time and date: Friday August 5 4am pacific time, 7am eastern, 12pm BST, 1pm CEST It has already been confirmed that a new Chainsaw Man trailer will be revealed this week, but it hasn't been announced if we will get news on the release date for the anime or not. It's rumoured that the Chainsaw Man anime will have a release date in October 2022 but this hasn't been confirmed by Crunchyroll or MAPPA. If we don't get a confirmation of the Chainsaw Man release date alongside the trailer 2 reveal then we could get this news a little bit later this week. The Chainsaw Man anime will feature during the Crunchyroll Expo, with a panel on the anime set for the final day of the high-profile show. The Chainsaw Man anime panel is taking place on Sunday August 7 at 9pm UK time. Details on what will happen during the panel are thin on the ground but we do know Chainsaw Man producer Makoto Kimura and MAPPA CEO Manabu Otsuka will be in attendance. It was confirmed earlier this year that Crunchyroll will be the place to watch the Chainsaw Man anime outside of Asia. The huge upcoming show will be simulcast on Crunchyroll in areas like the UK and dubs will be available in English as well as other languages like French and German.