Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She shot to fame thanks to the sharing of her cleaning tips and tricks, which millions of Britons have found helpful. Mrs Hinch is so popular that she has encouraged cleaning enthusiasts to create Facebook groups in her honour. In one group, with over 100,000 members, one member wanted to know the best way to clean windows. Emily Jade wrote: “What’s the best way to clean windows without leaving them streaky!!” The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tricks and tips to offer. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Some fans shared methods using chemical products, while others revealed hacks involving natural products. Barbara Clark wrote: “If you have a condenser drier use the water out it…windows will be gleaming!” Lizzie Collinson commented: “White vinegar and newspaper.” Jackie Finch agreed, saying: “Wet newspaper then wipe off and buff with dry newspaper.” DON'T MISS:How to stop earwigs eating plants - 3 traps for plants ‘under attack' [INSIGHT]How to get rid of summer pests including ants and fruit flies [REVEAL]'Keep bananas fresh for 7 days': Handy food storage hack  [ANALYSIS] Jade Easton said: “Window cleaner and newspaper.” Joanna Nilsson added: “Vinegar in water with newspaper to wipe it clean. It’s amazing.” Sara Baitson recommended: “Two green minky glass cloths, one wet one to dry, no products needed. Steak free shine…miracle.” Farheen Hussain wrote: “I use Windowlene and a good microfiber cloth works every single time, nice and simple and everyone notices my shiny windows!” Jane Lisa Bartell advised: “I swear by diluted washing up liquid in a spray bottle rub it with a Dishmatic and wipe off with the Vileda window vac.” Melanie Beedham said: “Eco cloth, one wet with a drop of vinegar and dry cloth to shine. “Or best way is washing up liquid and drop of vinegar to wash down and polished and dry with newspaper, works every time.” Maria Sullivan commented: “Green minky every time.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Denise Doherty’s advice was a little different. She said: “Cold tea.” Lisa Millward added: “Cold black tea.” Vickie Johnston advised: “I’ve done mine today and my advice is never do them when the sun is shining on them and use a bucket with warm water fairy liquid and a sponge, then two dry cloths (one to get the excess water off and another to buff), that’s usually good enough.” Caroline Hardwick wrote: “Never fails, cloth 49p Home Bargains are the best, and white vinegar.”