Pictures from the quadrennial games, hosted in Birmingham, show Louise, 18, and James, 14, with Sophie and dad Prince Edward.  The Royal Family's official Twitter page noted that the Wessexes had arrived at the Games and kicked off their visit watching badminton. The tweet read: "Great to be back at @Birminghamcg22 "The Earl and Countess of Wessex and their family have arrived at the NEC for an afternoon of Commonwealth sport. "First stop: Badminton."  The two royal teens, Louise and James, were pictured being greeted outside the venue as they arrived. Sophie and Prince Edward also attended the Games in Birmingham on Friday. Prince Edward, who is also the Vice-Patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation, shared a heartfelt message ahead of his visit. He said: "The waiting is over. The XXII Commonwealth Games is about to get underway and for the next 11 days all eyes will be on Birmingham and the West Midlands of England.   "Yet the Games are more than just about sport, they are the greatest manifestation of the Commonwealth: our extraordinary collection of countries linked together through a myriad of bonds of common interests and relationships. "The parallel arts festival is an integral part of this celebration and reminds us of our shared values and the tremendous talent that exists across our family of nations. "The stage is now set and the show is about to begin. To everyone involved in the production, whether behind the scenes or front-of-house: thank you, good luck and enjoy yourselves. "I know from all your preparations that you want to make Birmingham 2022 a brilliant and memorable experience.  "It is to those who actually have to go on to the stage, the performers and those who are about to compete, that I wish particular good luck, to achieve your best and to inspire the next generation. Whatever your role or involvement, I hope you have an experience of a lifetime and enjoy every moment." Other members of the Royal Family are also expected to attend the multi-sport event. Buckingham Palace confirmed that the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Princess Royal, and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will visit the various sporting events. The royals will attend a range of fixtures, and meet athletes, volunteers and support staff helping at the Games.