Lorraine Eadie says she was left in tears when the huge wooden garden room was erected after planners said it would be “barely visible”. Miss Eadie said she and other residents did not object to plans for the extension because City of York Council promised them it would be obscured by trees and shrubs.  Council bosses have now apologised and admitted they had failed to notice the planning application said the trees along the shared boundary with neighbours would be chopped down. When it is finished the garden room at the back of the property will be nearly 23ft wide and 15ft tall. Ms Eadie said: “Significant neighbour amenity issues have certainly arisen. “It’s a monstrosity.” A council planning officer's report stated: "It will be very well screened by trees and shrubs and will not harm the visual amenity of the existing dwelling, or immediate surrounding area... "The proposal was viewed from the rear garden of No.46 Elmfield Avenue and the occupier has no objections to the proposal. "The degree of screening on the shared boundary of her property (and other adjoining properties) means the structure will barely be visible. In consequence, no significant neighbour amenity issues arise."  READ MORE: Mum caught on camera hurling abuse and swinging broom in neighbour row  Ms Eadie said she received an email from enforcement officer Paul Chadwick saying the dimensions of the building were in accordance with the approved plan and there were no conditions the trees should remain. But she has since received another email from Principal Development Management Officer Simon Glazier, saying the application form submitted with both applications indicated that the trees along the shared boundary were to be removed in order to carry out the extension. He admitted the application form about the trees being removed “was overlooked by the case officer”.  DON'T MISSMum-of-eight devastated as dream home destroyed hours before moving in [INSIGHT]Hedge row spanning 20 YEARS sees woman admit defeat [INFO]Have your say: Would you report a neighbour breaking a hosepipe ban? [POLL]   He said: "It is acknowledged that the officer report makes reference to the degree of screening on the shared boundary, and states that as a result, the structure would barely be visible. "Clearly, the reference on the application form to the trees being removed was overlooked by the case officer, for which I apologise. "However, the report does not state that the application would have been refused had there been no screening in place, and in the absence of a condition requiring the trees to remain, the development is not in breach of the planning permission." A council spokesman told The York Press: “We are aware of the complaint in question and are currently in dialogue with the complainant." The residents building the garden room were unavailable for comment.