Host Dan Wootton was seen once again taking aim at political commentator Benjamin Butterworth who called those who chose not to get the vaccine “selfish”. Mr Butterworth defended the actions of the NHS during the chaotic pandemic while Mr Wootton called him out for having “the wrong script” as he mentioned vaccines and immunity. The pair clashed over the effectiveness of the vaccine with Mr Butterworth saying it saved many more from seriously suffering with Covid while Wootton focused more on the current impact of the jabs which have caused an increase in sickness. Mr Butterworth acknowledged that the delays in referrals and treatments for NHS patients is “tragic” but added “there isn’t some perfect alternative when you’re in the middle of a pandemic”. The panellist said: “What is going on is tragic and it would be inappropriate to say anything other than that for those people that maybe didn’t get the treatment that they expected to or should have. “But the reality is that there isn’t some perfect alternative when you’re in the middle of a pandemic, as we were for two or three years, and if you hadn’t had those lockdowns then you would have had far more people getting covid, far more people getting seriously sick before the jab was possible and then you would have had a situation where you would have had a situation where the NHS was on its knees.” Mr Wootton interrupted the comment saying it was “rubbish” and asking Mr Butterworth “where is your evidence?”. Butterworth replied that “it is obvious” and pointed to Sweden’s level of Covid deaths compared to Norway. Mr Wootton had to concede that in the early days of the pandemic, Sweden suffered more deaths than Norway after taking a different approach to tackling the virus. However, Wootton added: “But actually when you factor in excess deaths caused by lockdown and you look at the limited damage to the Swedish economy, I’m sorry but Sweden is coming out of this thing swinging. READ MORE: POLL: Who should be Tory leader? Truss, Sunak or Johnson? “They followed the correct public health policy which was always what we were meant to do and I think it’s very wise that you’ve raised Sweden because we should be looking at Sweden.” He later added “I literally feel like I’ve got in a time machine, we’re back in June 2021 and Benjamin’s got the wrong script” when Mr Butterworth called those without the vaccine “selfish”. The GB News host said: “The figures for New Zealand, the most vaccinated country in the world and the most isolated country in the world…they are now having seven times more illness than 2019.” Recent research has shown a huge increase in the number of people in their 20s and 30s struggling with immunity issues after having the jabs and virus. DON'T MISS: Joe Biden warned he 'cannot salvage' midterms (INSIGHT)Olaf Scholz's speech interrupted by furious TOPLESS protesters (REVEAL)Putin humiliated after Russian spies caught red handed in bungled raid (REACTION) Daily Express columnist Carole Malone, also a panellist on the show, said: “When people like Karol Sikora started to say ‘we’re going to lose thousands and thousands of lives’, I started to look at that and what I started to realise was that the NHS was blind to everything else in protecting the NHS we were putting other people at risk.” Ms Malone slammed the Government saying: “What I found amazing was why did we spend multimillions of pounds on Covid hospitals and then never use them because the bozos inside Government didn’t plan how they were actually going to staff them. “Those Covid hospitals would have been perfect to put everyone in there and keep everyone else suffering with everything else in the main hospitals. There are now currently 300,000 people with cancer waiting for referrals and treatment. “So even now those people aren’t getting the kind of treatment they deserve, a full year and half after lockdowns have finished, they’re still not getting the treatment.”