Liverpool head coach Jurgen Klopp has revealed that a midfielder could be signed before the transfer deadline. England and Borussia Dortmund starlet Jude Bellingham has long been linked with the Reds, but a move this late in the window could be difficult to conclude. Express Sport looks at four ways the Reds can persuade Dortmund to relinquish the 19-year-old. Offering a huge transfer fee It would take a monumental offer for Dortmund to allow Bellingham to leave in the coming days. The £89m Manchester United paid Juventus for Paul Pogba in 2016 remains the most expensive transfer for a midfielder. Liverpool would surely need to pay far more to acquire Bellingham. Some reports have even suggested that it would take £150m to prise the former Birmingham City man away from the Bundesliga club. That would smash the Reds’ own transfer record. The £85m deal for Darwin Nunez - including add-ons - is the most Liverpool have ever paid for a player. READ MORE: 'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to caution Giving Dortmund players in exchange Liverpool could, very speculatively, offer players in exchange for Bellingham. Dortmund would only accept stars who would immediately improve their team - and there are not many of those at Liverpool who would be surplus to requirements at Anfield. Liverpool do not have loads of fringe players they can hand over who would improve Dortmund, without making Klopp’s squad weaker. At the very least, Dortmund would need a replacement for Bellingham. Naby Keita has been linked with a return to Germany in recent weeks, but Liverpool would surely not want to lose a midfielder given their issues in the middle of the park this summer. DON'T MISS...'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to cautionLiverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to UnitedLiverpool might find fix to midfield problems in 'next Luka Modric' Asking Bellingham to force a transfer It would not be the most moral way of pursuing a transfer, but Liverpool could ask Bellingham and his representatives to do everything they can to persuade Dortmund to sell. A player forcing a transfer has generally worked in the past - and most recently with Wesley Fofana’s move from Leicester to Chelsea. Given Bellingham’s respect for Dortmund and his character, it seems unlikely that he would insist on a departure. But Liverpool need to do all they can to sign the player. Making an offer as soon as possible To have any chance of signing Bellingham, Liverpool must reach out to Dortmund immediately. The Bundesliga club will surely not accept any offer that arrives in the final few days before the September 1 deadline. There would not be enough time for Dortmund to source a replacement. The sooner Liverpool make a bid, the likelier they are to have some success.