The news comes as NATO members continue to build on the pledge to increase defence spending on the back of a recent summit in Madrid. The alliance has long flown “air policing” missions along the eastern front in order to patrol the sensitive area, whilst keeping non-NATO aircraft at bay.  Russian aircraft has a long history of flying over parts of eastern and northern Europe, often resulting in NATO fighter jets scrambling to intercept and accompany the aircraft adding to the deterrent. Speaking of the new plans, a NATO official said: “NATO air shielding is an increased air and missile defence posture along the alliance’s eastern flank, implemented in the wake of Russia’s war on Ukraine. “It is purely defensive.” The new policy will bring together a diverse range of allied air and missile defence options falling under the general command of NATO officials, breaking the need to rely on such resources as a reactionary only measure.  A NATO spokesperson added: “It will provide a near-seamless shield from the Baltic to the Black Sea, ensuring NATO allies are better able to safeguard and protect alliance territory, populations and forces.” NATO has identified the Russian invasion of Ukraine as a key factor in changing the face of European security over the last 162 days. Allied Air Command deputy commander Lt. Gen. Pascal Delerce said: “Stronger defences will remain in place for the long run as a result.” NATO has also raised concern over rogue missiles straying into its territory in light of Russian turning to longer-range projectiles as HIMARS systems push back Russian forces.  READ MORE:Giant US Navy ship weighing up to 40,298 tonnes heads for UK port Furthermore, NATO officials are worried about the brazen manned and unmanned Russian aircraft flying ever closer to European and NATO member borders. NATO said: “This increases the air and missile threat to NATO territory and populations, primarily due to potential miscalculation or loss of guidance or control.” The alliance has remained reluctant to intervene on a primary basis in the war in Ukraine over fears the conflict could spread into member states and trigger Article 5 of the treaty requiring other member states to intervene under the collective defence protocol. Speaking of the long-term plans for the shielding project, a NATO official said: “Multiple American and European missile defence units have arrived in countries bordering Russia or Ukraine over the past few months. “Air shielding deployments can last up to several months at air bases and other locations across Eastern Europe.”  DON'T MISS:Biden strikes multi-billion arms deal with Saudi and UAE [REPORT]Nancy Pelosi urged to 'sacrifice' Taiwan trip [REVEAL]Terrifying missile used to kill Al-Qaeda boss al-Zawahiri used BLADES [INSIGHT] Various partners have set up missile air defence systems across countries in Eastern Europe including Poland and Slovakia. The US, Germany and the Netherlands have added the Patriot missile system, whilst France has introduced its “Mamba” surface-to-air missile system in Romania. Spain has also deployed a National-Advanced-Surface-to-Air missile system in Latvia. The defences can eliminate cruise and ballistic missiles, as well as manned and unmanned aircraft, should the need be required. Yet, in spite of the current threat and ongoing war in Ukraine, experts suggest the build-up of defences falls short of similar schemes witnessed during the Cold War.  Scroll down to our comment section below to share YOUR views on this story Tom Karako, a missile defence expert with the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington said: “We’re now seeing just how disproportionate our air defence investments have been relative to the threat when it becomes palpable. “A small number of air defences over the eastern flank is, in the face of a real threat, astonishingly limited.” Aside from the introduction of surface-to-air missile defences, combat aircraft has been increased with the US deploying various units of F-35 fighter squadrons, two of which have been ordered to the UK. American F/A-18 jets and Czech Gripen fighters are also currently deployed in support of air shielding. German, Hungarian and Italian fighters are also patrolling the skies over the Baltic states. NATO ended by saying: “This comes on top of other NATO deployments, including our standing air policing missions, and air and missile defence elements deployed to support our battlegroups. “Our allied fighters are on alert 24/7 to respond to aircraft which may pose a threat in or near allied airspace or challenge the integrity of NATO airspace.”   Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Security News