Manchester United owners the Glazers are facing renewed calls to sell the club after Saturday’s 4-0 defeat to Brentford. The Red Devils were comprehensively outplayed, outfought and outmaneuvered by Thomas Frank’s energetic and enterprising side. Yet while the Americans have previously indicated they’d sell if they received an offer of £4billion, there’s still no indication they’re going to walk away. Manchester United beat Brentford home and away last season. But there was no repeat on Saturday night, with goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo giving the home side all three Premier League points. It was a horrendous day for United, with the Glazers now facing renewed calls to go in the aftermath of the defeat. For now, there’s no indication of that happening. There is, however, some movement behind the scenes with Michael Knighton recently expressing an interest in ousting the controversial owners. And The Mirror revealed last year that it would take a fee of close to £4bn to tempt Joel and Avram Glazer into selling up. This, it was said at the time, was their minimum price tag for the Red Devils. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything And they also thought last year, if the failed European Super League had gone ahead, an offer in that region would have arrived. The Glazers think United’s price tag is justified due to the clubs ‘unique heritage and commercial pulling power that allows them to continually secure big money sponsorship deals’. Though the Red Devils have struggled to win trophies in recent years, they remain as popular as ever around the world. But with Knighton expressing an interest in buying United, it’ll be intriguing to see whether an offer arrives at the Glazers’ door. Speaking to The United Stand, Knighton has opened up on his plans and revealed he’d love Sir Jim Ratcliffe to join his consortium. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "The reason I’ve been chasing the likes of Jim Ratcliffe is because he does have the resources, he is a Manchester lad originally, he claims to be a Man United fan, and I believe he is,” he said. "If I can smoke Jim Ratcliffe out and bring him to Old Trafford, my job is done. “I want the likes of Jim Ratcliffe to join the consortium. There are people that are a lot wealthier than myself. I certainly don’t have the funds to buy Manchester United. "We need to be taken seriously as a whole fan group because, really, this is a fan bid and I’ve been working my backside off, putting people together to make a hostile bid and say, ‘look, here’s the money’, which of course they are going to refuse. "But if we can say we have got worldwide fanbase support, we’ve got a chance." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. When asked if the bid can be successful without Ratcliffe, Knighton then added: “We can certainly launch a bid, but even my consortium as a collective does not have the resources of Jim Ratcliffe. “There’s no question about that. Jim is the wealthiest man in Britain, he’s a football fan, (and) he’s a nice man. "When he bid for Chelsea, you can understand that, because he’s heavily involved in London (with) his amazing firm Ineos, which is a world leader in the chemical petrol industry. "He went public and said, ‘I don’t need to take any money out of Chelsea, or any football club, because I make enough money from the chemical petrol business that I have.' "Now that was music to every fans’ ears, so clearly we would welcome Jim Ratcliffe. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Of course, everyone needs Jim Ratcliffe because Jim is the real deal! “He is the man who could restore our great football club to where it should be. “I’m not in that league. I’m not even in the league of some of the people I have managed to get round the table." Calls for the Glazers to go are growing in volume. Yet while the Glazers would negotiate for a massive £4bn, it’s unclear if somebody will come forward to save the club from further embarrassment. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here