Pensioners will receive a boost next April when the “triple lock” policy comes back into effect, ensuring pensions rise by at least the rate of inflation even if this remains high. Even so, life is tough for many elderly people. The Express has been campaigning vigorously on their behalf and will continue to do so. The UK’s next Prime Minister will face a wide range of requests for help when they take office next week and there will be a limit to the resources they can deploy. They will need to set priorities, but there should be no doubt that backing British pensioners must be part of the mix. This study also delivers a vital message for today’s working population. More than half don’t think they will be able to live comfortably in retirement if the state pension is their sole source of income, and they are probably right. Planning ahead and paying into a pension fund today is almost certain to be the best way of ensuring they enjoy a good life in years or decades to come. It’s important for younger generations to educate themselves about pensions and examine their own pension arrangements, so they can make choices they will be grateful for when they reach retirement age themselves.  It appears many people are avoiding the doctor’s surgery because it is difficult to book an appointment or they are concerned they won’t be seen in person. This is understandable, but we must not forget that we all pay for the health service and it is there to help us. People should not delay seeing their GP, and certainly should never feel they are doing anything wrong by visiting the doctor if they have a health concern. Indeed, putting off a visit to the surgery may lead to more medical problems in the long run. The NHS is there to help us and people must put their health first.  Pubs are a vital part of our communities, but many are today on the brink due to soaring energy bills. We would urge those who have the ability to do so to support their local pub. Whether the outlook is rosy or more uncertain, it never hurts to raise a glass with friends or family – and do it in a great British pub. 