The extraordinary cache of intelligence files was uncovered by historian and royal biographer Andrew Lownie who has exclusively shared them with Express.co.uk. He made the remarkable find during research for ‘Traitor King’, his book about the Duke and Duchess of Windsor’s exile after the royal abdicated the throne in 1936 to marry the twice-divorced American socialite. The documents shed new light on Wallis’ affair with Jimmy Donahue, a wealthy post-war playboy, who until then had only had relationships with other men. The Duchess, then 54, began her four-year affair with the debonair New York socialite aboard the RMS Queen Mary in May 1950, when he was 35. Wallis had first laid eyes on the heir to the Woolworth’s estate nine years earlier at his mother’s house in Palm Beach, Florida. One of the French secret service files shows how spies caught the two lovers during one of their secret midnight trysts in Paris. The previously confidential document, dated 28 September 1951, confirms for the first time that Wallis was sleeping with Donahue while Edward was away. It reads: “Monsieur Donahue accompanied the Duchess to her house just before 2:20am and didn’t leave until 5:00am the next morning.” JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: Sussex Squad lauds 'Princess Meghan' as Duchess to get major new honour Wallis was staying at 85, Rue de la Faisanderie while the Duke was in London to see his brother King George VI, who was undergoing an operation to remove part of his left lung – he died months later and was succeeded by Queen Elizabeth II. Before Wallis and Donahue went back to her place, they dined together at a restaurant called Paprika on Rue Chauchat and went to a cabaret at the Monseigneur nightclub. Dr Lownie, who had unique access to royal archives, said the documents raise questions about why the French were secretly spying on their house guests and if the British knew of the clandestine surveillance of the former royal couple. The historian explained how it was not the first time Edward had been spied on by the secret services of various countries. He told Express.co.uk: “George V had put his son, then-Prince of Wales, and Wallis Simpson under Special Branch surveillance in 1935, the first time that a member of the Royal Family had been investigated by the intelligence services. “The surveillance and telephone taps revealed that she was having an affair with a used car salesman called Guy Trundle and he with an Austrian princess. “Only one of the numerous Special Branch files has survived – the others were destroyed within the last 20 years – and one wonders what other secrets they might have been as we knew that all along his protection officer was also filing reports to the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police. “Immediately after the abdication the Duke, whilst in Austria waiting to marry Wallis, was being bugged by the Austrians. “In the summer of 1940 whilst in Portugal, we know he was being followed and his telephone tapped by the Portuguese and then during his visits to America during World War 2 the FBI were keeping an eye on the couple, with one report relating to an attempt to blackmail him by a former lover.” The French secret services began spying on the Windsors soon after World War 2, opening a file on them in July 1946. DON'T MISS: ‘Incapable of keeping quiet!' Meghan's half-siblings continue with 'cruel criticism' [LATEST]Charles' plans for monarchy laid bare as historian pinpoints key detail: 'He's the bridge' [INSIGHT]'Modernisers' Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'to thank' for Royal Family's survival [ANALYSIS] The couple had already severed ties with the Royal Family after Edward’s abdication in 1936 so Edward could marry Wallis, the love of his life, with their relationship dubbed “the greatest romance of the Twentieth Century”. His abandonment of royal duties sparked a constitutional crisis for the British monarchy and the Windsors were exiled to France. They lived in Château de Candé, where they tied the knot in 1937, but later moved to Paris for a period as the Nazis advanced from the south during the war. The Windsors’ own links to the Nazis and their bid for Britain to negotiate peace with Adolf Hitler have been well-documented, including by Dr Lownie. However, it remains unclear why France's external intelligence agency – then the External Documentation and Counter-Espionage Service – was spying on the Windsors. Besides Wallis’ affair, the Duke’s own movements are also laid out in minute detail in confidential dossier 696. Among the spies’ observations were Edward and Wallis’ visit to the Hotel Ritz in November 1948 and their trip aboard the RMS Queen Elizabeth to travel to the US in December 1949. Despite some of the more mundane details contained in the files, Dr Lownie said the espionage shows that the King must have been “of interest” to the French Government. He said: “It now appears that even in France after the war he was still a subject of interest to the intelligence services with the discovery of these hitherto unknown files. “Such files are invaluable to the biographer, giving the movements of subjects, who they met and when, providing physical descriptions and even actual conversations. “They all help build a picture and one has to be grateful that at least these French files have been retained.” Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the Windsor files when contacted by Express.co.uk. ‘Traitor King: The Scandalous Exile of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor’ was written by Andrew Lownie and published by Blink Publishing in 2021. It is available here. An updated version has just been published. Dr Lownie also appears in Channel 4 documentary, ‘Edward VIII Britain's Traitor King’ on Sunday from 7pm.