Experts warn that the record-breaking heatwave Britain experienced in July has increased the likelihood of more floods. The Met Office has issued an amber thunderstorm warning for Cornwall as videos on social media have shown flooding in the area.  The stormy weather came after Britain faced its highest temperatures on record last month due to heatwaves and lack of rain has caused hosepipe bans in parts of England. Cornwall locals have been warned that there may be power cuts, transport disruptions and communities cut off due to flooding. Ruan Sims, a local garage manager, said the water levels are the highest he has ever seen in Cornwall. Mr Sims witnessed water flood into the area as soon as the rain started but completely drained away around ten minutes later. He said: "It was quite mad. We have never seen it go that high. It didn't go into the garage, but it came right up to the wall."   The majority of the UK has been issued yellow thunderstorm warnings, with Cornwell being the only area currently on amber alert. Other areas in Britain have been experiencing heavy rain, as social media posts have shown the water damage to buildings in Inverness, Scotland. Photographs showed water leaking through a cinema ceiling and a Tesco store completely flooded. Tom Morgan, a meteorologist from the Met Office, said: "There have been areas of the country which have predominantly seen the heavy showers today, in the southwest of England." Mr Morgan continued to say there has been flooding in parts of Cornwell and Devon which has resulted in "very difficult driving conditions, flash flooding, some hail with the thunderstorms and some lightning".  READ MORE: UK weather: Experts claim storms and floods not enough to end drought  The recent record-breaking dry weather this summer has resulted in an increased likelihood of floods according to one expert. Professor Hannah Cloke of the University of Reading is an expert in hydrology, the study of the distribution of water on the Earth’s surface. According to Professor Cloke, the soil has become "a little bit like concrete" and water will slide over the surface instead of seeping into the ground. She said: "There is damage to homes and businesses. These floods can cause inconvenience with transport disruptions, but if it is very heavy in one place it can also be very dangerous. "If you get a heavy rain in a city, the drainage system can cope up to a point, but if there is really heavy rain it can overwhelm the system - the rain cannot run away quick enough."  DON'T MISS: Met Office 'four days' of chaos with lightning, hail and flash floods [REPORT]Khan urges for heatwave measures as massive flood warning hits UK [REVEAL]UK braces for flash floods as rain lashes down on sun-baked soil [INSIGHT]  Last Friday, the National Drought Group moved eight areas in England into official drought status, which included both Cornwell and Devon. Cornwell’s water supplier, South West Water, has announced there will be hosepipe bans beginning on August 23. A spokesperson for South West Water said: “Looking ahead, the weather is forecast to remain warm throughout August and September. Combining that with high levels of demand and the risk of the increase in wildfires across the region means we must take action now. “A big thank you to everyone for taking action and saving water already. It’s a team effort and through small changes in water use we can make a big difference. Together, let’s save water and keep the South West flowing.”  