Virgin River season five is being filmed for Netflix and fans are excited to see the cast return. One character who left in season four was Ricky (played by Grayson Gurnsey) after he joined the Marines. Actor Grayson told Express.co.uk he would have loved to have spent more time on screen with Preacher (Colin Lawrence). Season four featured some emotional moments as Ricky came to terms with his season three breakup. He had been in a relationship with newcomer Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale) and things were going well until he agreed to join the Marines. Not wanting to upset Lizzie so early on in their relationship, he decided to keep the news from her until it was too late. Lizzie was heartbroken that Ricky did not feel he could be honest with her, and she broke up with him. In season four, Lizzie and the rest of the residents gathered to give Ricky an emotional send-off. READ MORE: Virgin River season 5 theory: Two newcomers arrive after Lizzie clue? Ricky star Grayson told Express.co.uk he would not be appearing in season five as his character needed to make room for other storylines. However, he reflected on who he would have liked to have shared more time in front of the camera with, and paid tribute to co-star Colin. He said: "This is one of those questions that is really impossible to answer because the characters are all amazing. "There are several characters whose bubbles never really meet, like Doc and Ricky never really have meaningful conversations. "But I'd say probably my favourite scenes on the show are with Colin, or Preacher, he is such a fun, loving guy. READ MORE: 'Not a good lesson' Amanda Owen breaks down after tragic loss at farm "We have fantastic scenes, there's this one scene in season three at [Lilly's] funeral and we have this little tender moment. "I wish we had more of those. In the books, they are pretty prevalent, like Ricky has a lot more scenes with Preacher. "He takes just as much as a father figure role as Jack and that was one thing that was missing for me. "But otherwise I'm very happy with how the show turned out." Grayson did say the door was open for Ricky to return in a couple of seasons' time. DON'T MISS... Virgin River's Hope star pays tribute to co-stars in season 5 preview [INSIGHT] Virgin River plot hole: Jack shooter reveal contains major error [DISCUSSION] Alexandra Breckenridge children: Does Virgin River star have kids? [EXPLAINER] With this in mind, Ricky and Preacher may still get the chance to share some heartfelt conversations. Lizzie actress Sarah told Express.co.uk she loved being on screen with Grayson again in season four. Opening up about her favourite scene from the latest series, she said: "The Rennaissance fayre was a standout for me. "Getting to get up on stage and do that little piece of Romeo and Juliet with Grayson and have an audience out there. "And everyone was dressed in these beautiful costumes, you don't get that very often. WATCH: SEE THE FULL VIRGIN RIVER INTERVIEW HERE "I got to dress up like a princess and that's okay with me." Preacher went through a difficult time in season four when he lost both Christopher (Chase Petriw) and Paige (Lexa Doig). At the end, Paige returned to say she was willing to hand herself over to Vince so he would let her son free. Preacher went after Vince and managed to save Paige from him during an intense fight. Meanwhile, Ricky had a difficult time saying goodbye to Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) as he left to start the next chapter of his life.  Virgin River season 5 is in the making for Netflix.