After almost two decades in the public eye, Pussycat Doll Ashley Roberts, 40, has often showed off her fitness credentials with her incredible dance routines and sensational figure. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, Ashley opened up about how she stays in such great shape for both her physical and mental health. The Heart FM presenter says that she loves working out and it was always a big part of her upbringing in Phoenix, Arizona.She adds that while she enjoys working hard in the gym, she will always make an effort to get outside and move her body even on quieter days.She explained: “For me, I enjoy working out for my physical health but to be honest it’s more for my mental health, it just makes me feel better and it gets the endorphins going.“I like to workout and I like to train. That was always a part of my upbringing because my mum was really into fitness. READ MORE:‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' “Even if there is a day where I am not working out hard, I try to get outside and just go for a walk and be in nature. It is a part of my life and I enjoy it and it makes me feel good.”She adds that an “overlooked” secret for optimum health is consistently staying hydrated.“Coming from the desert, we have to drink water to stay hydrated. It is so overlooked in a sense but drinking lots of water is really good to stay hydrated, to stay flushed, and to stay healthy. Drink the H2O kids!”When asked about her exercise regime, Ashley explained that she varies her workouts and likes to do a lot of different things. The Strictly Come Dancing star continued: “I love spin, I love yoga, I love boxing, weight training, dancing. And oh my god I'm obsessed right now with this class at the XR; it’s the best cardio and the music! They have the best playlist and if you close your eyes, it's like you’re in Mykonos or something.”When it comes to her diet, Ashley likes to make healthy choices.Therefore, she has recently teamed up with Fibre One to promote the launch of their new 90 calorie doughnuts. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host[INSIGHT]Harry Gration's funeral: BBC star laid to rest as fans flood streets[LATEST]'Only me' Linda Robson on Loose Women absence from Stacey's wedding[NEWS] “It is a healthy alternative and it is all about balance. The fact that they are 90 calories compared to your average doughnut is a huge plus, and they still taste great!” Ashley also shared a series of snaps of herself enjoying the doughnuts as she showcased her incredible figure in a strapless bikini.Ashley looks sensational in the poolside shoot wearing a red two-piece with her blonde hair styled in loose waves.Sharing a photograph to her 703,000 Instagram followers, Ashley cheered that she was: “Pool party ready hunni!” She continued in the caption: “The new Fibre One 90 Calorie doughnuts are my new favourite snack for summer, so naturally my pool party essentials had to match. “Say #DoughYes with the Fibre One 90 Calorie doughnuts for real indulgence, no sacrifices necessary! “Having fun in the sun with @fibreoneuk #FibreOne #DoughYes.”Ashley Roberts launches the new Fibre One 90 Calorie Doughnuts, available in Chocolate and Strawberry & Cream flavour at Tesco and Sainsbury's stores nationwide.