Vincent Simone joined Strictly Come Dancing with his professional partner Flavia Cacace in 2006 after wowing audiences with their Argentine Tango the year before. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the Latin and Ballroom dancer revealed why he quit the BBC show and opened up about his brand new project. Opening up on his Strictly experience, Vincent said: “Well, I loved every single minute of being on Strictly. “I was lucky enough that this big West End producer came and offered myself and Flavia, one of the theatres in the middle of London and we just took the opportunity, to be honest. “I mean, we’d never done theatre before that, we just wanted to take a challenge. “If you're the top of the class in what you do, you always want to try different things.” Read more: Naga Munchetty warning to Kym Marsh as she signs up to Strictly “You always want to push yourself, that's what we've done all our lives being competitors,” he explained. “So when this opportunity arose, we just took the chance and see what the theatre world was going to bring to us. “It was just unbelievable to have a live audience and come up with this beautiful, amazing West End show and take it on tour.” Vincent returns to the stage later this year with his brand new show Tango Passions. The Strictly star will be joined by Argentine Tango specialist Paula Duarte as his leading lady. Speaking about his love for the dance, Vincent remarked: “I choreographed for three years the Argentine Tango for the couples, professionals and celebrities and I did people like Debbie McGee, Alexandra Burke, Joe McFadden, loads of others. “So I've done this for three years on Strictly and it was nice to be back on the show. “It’s the dance everybody looks forward to that week to see the Argentine Tango and who best than me to do it. DON'T MISSWill Mellor details heart-breaking reason he signed up to Strictly [INTERVIEW]Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed [INSIGHT]Strictly Come Dancing launch date confirmed  [INSIGHT] “So people are going to have the chance to come and see it live.” Vincent’s new show will be touring the UK from September 14 to November 6. He added: “I have the most beautiful dance partners on this show and I have Paula Duarte, the Tango Queen, she's got legs to die for. “I’m really excited to start choreographing and make the show full of emotions, which is what the main key about this dance is. “You have to feel drama and passion and romance you have to have emotions while you're performing so then it translates to the audience from the stage.” Meanwhile, two former Coronation Street stars, Will Mellor and Kym Marsh were announced as this year’s first Strictly contestants. Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty confirmed the first two names on the line-up on Friday’s BBC Breakfast. Strictly Come Dancing continues on BBC One later this year. Vincent Simone returns to the stage this autumn with Tango Passions. More information can be found here.