The Duchess of Sussex released the first episode of her podcast ‘Archetypes’ last week and discussed the project in an exclusive interview with New York-based magazine The Cut. Both the podcast and the interview have received backlash following a comparison made between the Sussex’s royal wedding and Nelson Mandela's release from prison, giving the overall impression, according to one expert, that she and Harry are “the Duke and Duchess of La La Land". Much of the backlash from the interview has come from what Russell Myers called the “breath-taking comparisons with the struggle of freedom fighter Nelson Mandela and stomach-churning anecdotes about palm trees". The Duchess recalled how a South African cast member of the Lion King told her how much it meant to him and others to see Meghan enter the Royal Family. Meghan said: “He looked at me, and he’s just like light. "He said: ‘I just need you to know when you married into this family, we rejoiced in the streets the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison.’” Interviewer Allison Davies explained during the Interview that the Duchess “knows she’s no Mandela” but this has not prevented any criticism. Daily Mirror royal editor Mr Myers wrote: “This latest Meghan Markle tirade is certain to be the killer blow to any relationship the family may care to have with the Duke and Duchess of La La Land.” He added that the interview with The Cut was “filled with more fantasy that The Lord of the Rings” and is “another preposterous version of her ‘truth’". During the interview, Meghan also revealed “a secret” to the interviewer which ended up being “I’m getting back…on Instagram”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust Meghan also added that she has “really made an active effort to forgive” members of the royal family and some of her own family but said that she is “still healing” from the rifts. According to the Duchess, Prince Harry said in private that stepping back from the family and the move to the United States led him to say, “I’m losing my dad in this process”. Such a comment from Meghan led to Mr Myers to write: “The announcement that Prince Harry has confided that he believes he too has ‘lost’ his father…will strike a dagger to the heart of the future King.” According to Myers and other royal experts, Prince Charles has done his best to rekindle his relationship with his son since ‘Megxit’. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well' (INSIGHT)Prince Andrew royal comeback in tatters (REVEAL)Meghan told to 'never set foot here again' as South Africans fume (REACTION) The notion that the latest comments from Meghan will dash hopes of a reunion is supported by thoughts that the pair will not visit the Queen when they visit the UK next week. However, the Duchess added that after “losing” her father, it “doesn’t have to be the same” for Harry and Charles. Speaking to the magazine, Meghan said: “Harry said to me, ‘I lost my dad in this process.’ "It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision.” She added: “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive.”