Chelsea are confident of clinching a deal to sign Russian sensation Arsen Zakharyan from Dynamo Moscow but may hold off from completing the deal until the January transfer window, according to reports. The teenager has been strongly linked with a move to the big-spending Blues this summer, but they may be prepared to wait to finalise his signing. Talks are ongoing between the two clubs for the 19-year-old, who has been tipped for stardom in his native Russia and has already made his senior international debut. Chelsea are prepared to meet Dynamo’s asking price, which currently stands at around £12.6million (€15m) as negotiations on the finer details go on. But with priorities in other areas of their transfer strategy, the club may hold off on finalising Zakhryan’s move to west London until the next transfer window, with only a day left to finalise a deal before the window reopens on January 1. That's according to 90min. Thomas Tuchel has reiterated his need for reinforcements after an injury to Ruben Loftus-Cheek left the German with just two fit senior midfielders, with Mateo Kovacic only just returning from injury and Jorginho playing in every game so far. READ MORE: Tuchel names two reasons for Chelsea loss to Southampton Frenkie de Jong has been linked with a move to Stamford Bridge, but it now appears unlikely the Dutchman will be leaving Barcelona, although he is currently in London on a short break. Meanwhile, the club are locked in talks over a move for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The former Arsenal striker, 33, has agreed personal terms with the Blues but the two clubs are yet to strike an agreement on a fee. Tuchel also wants to add another forward to his squad with a move for Wilfred Zaha still possible before the deadline, although Crystal Palace boss Patrick Vieira denied the two clubs are in discussions. It has left billionaire owner Todd Boehly scrambling to complete deals before the August 31 deadline, despite spending nearly £200m on new players. Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella are some of the more high-profile additions, with Zakhryan expected to join them in the coming months. DON'T MISSSouthampton 2-1 Chelsea: Five things learned as Tuchel gets its wrongChelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitGordon told to avoid repeating Arsenal mistake amid Chelsea pursuit The playmaker, who scored seven goals and registered six assists in the Russian Premier League last season, is seen as a player for the future rather than the present despite featuring regularly at first-team level for his club. He will be eased into life as a Premier League player, where the intensity of the league can often prove to be daunting for players in lower-quality leagues. It is expected he will spend some time playing for the Under-23 development squad before being assessed for the first team. Chelsea have already splashed out over £40m on bolstering their pool of youth talent, with Carney Chukwumueka, Cesare Casadei and Omari Hutchinson just some of the talented youngsters linking up to join Neil Bath’s youth revolution at Cobham. Alternatively, the club may decide to loan Zakharyan out if the right opportunity comes along, with the likes of Mason Mount and Armando Broja experiencing positive spells at Vitesse Arnhem in the Netherlands.