It’s a long way away, but 2025’s Avengers: Secrets Wars, the sixth outing after Avengers: The Kang Dynasty earlier that year, is aiming to top Avengers Endgame. Comics fans will know the Secret Wars storyline saw the Marvel multiverse colliding with multiple variants of much-loved characters sharing the same space. Just imagine Avengers Endgame's third act, but instead of just Tom Holland’s Spider-Man, he’s joined by his variants played by Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield. Now imagine that for every major MCU character in their final battle against Kang the Conqueror, a time travelling despot with many alternate selves across the multiverse. That is most likely what we’ll be witnessing in cinemas come November 2025. Opening up the Marvel multiverse and time travel means anything is possible, with actors being able to play characters who have previously died, without undermining their Earth-616 deaths. Giant Robot Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources report that Josh Brolin has signed on to reprise Thanos in Avengers: Secret Wars. Of course, his Mad Titan previously had his head chopped off at the start of Avengers Endgame by Thor, before Iron Man’s sacrificial death turned his variant to dust. The star has even reprised variants of Thanos in a voice acting capacity in the animated Disney+ show What If…?, plus one of his defeated alternate selves from Earth-838 was seen in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. So this makes total sense. In terms of Secret Wars, in the comics, the Mad Titan and his supervillain Cabal oppose the villainous God Doom, a more powerful version of Fantastic Four villain Doctor Doom. READ MORE: Avengers 5 and 6 release dates, titles announced with new MCU movies The MCU’s Fantastic Four will be kicking off Marvel Phase 6 in November 2024, so presumably, Doctor Doom could debut here. In Secret Wars, Thanos and his Cabal work to prevent him from remaking Marvel’s multiverse as a single planet, but all the while slaughtering doomed realities for fun. Of course, it’s possible that Brolin will play a number of variants of the Mad Titan including King Thanos. This version killed most of the Marvel superheroes and ages into a dark future, keeping an elderly Hulk on a leash as his pet. DON'T MISSMarvel boss' devastating Avengers 5 news and teases X-Men MCU debut [X-MEN]Ms Marvel end credits: X-Men Easter Egg and Avengers Endgame cameo [X-MEN]Captain America: Chris Evans will return to MCU on one condition WATCH [CAPTAIN AMERICA] There was even a Punisher Thanos in a Ghost Rider series in which a variant of Frank Castle went back in time to murder the Mad Titan as a baby. Instead, he raised the future villain to be a good man only, to find him ruling a paradise built on slave labour. Whatever Marvel decides this is exciting news indeed if it turns out to be true. Avengers: The Kang Dynasty hits cinemas on May 2, 2025 and Avengers: Secret Wars follows on November 7, 2025. SOURCE