Camilla was celebrated by a royal fan on Twitter, who penned a heartfelt post and shared a picture taken on the day of her second marriage in April 2005. The tweet, by social media user @princessmrsb, read: "The Princess of Wales. She is known as The Duchess of Cornwall but make no mistake, she is The Princess of Wales and future Queen Consort." The positive message was accompanied by a snap showing Prince Charles and his second wife leaving Windsor Castle following a Service of Prayer and Dedication, which took place after they tied the know with a civil ceremony at Windsor's Guildhall. This Twitter user's message sparked a debate among other social media users focused on Camilla's current and future title. Some expressed their unhappiness at seeing Camilla being called Princess of Wales, a title last used by the late Princess Diana. One, @matthews1951, wrote: "Not in my eyes she’s not and never will be as far as I’m concerned William will be my next King along with his beautiful wife Catherine." This prompted the original poster, @princessmrsb, to hit back and speak about the line of succession to the throne. They said: "Well @matthews1951, being King and Queen is not a popularity contest so unless something happens to Charles, he will be the next King." User @tvandsportsfan also spoke about Camilla's current title. They wrote: "She is NOT the Princess of Wales. She is the Duchess of Cornwall. READ MORE: Meghan Markle entering new chapter as Duchess makes major change "I do not want her to be Queen Consort even if that is HMQ’s dearest wish. "I’m happy for Prince Charles that he married her but please don’t force her on us as Queen." Yet another Twitter user, @christy42814997, added: "If she chooses not to use that title why would you?" Other people on social media reacted more positively to the post, with many celebrating Camilla's style on her second wedding day and her love for Prince Charles. @millymo07556986 wrote: "From top to bottom that is and was a beautiful outfit for a mature second wedding. I love every bit of it." Another social media user, @feldafingjoyce, said: "What a beautiful day that was." Similarly, @vymercurious, added: "Killing it! I love me some Camilla." The issue of Camilla's title has been discussed for almost two decades. Prior to her wedding day to Prince Charles, Clarence House issued a statement saying the newest member of the Firm would not use the title of Princess of Wales. She has since been known as Duchess of Cornwall, after one of the other titles held by the Prince of Wales. While it was her choice not to use the title previously held by Princess Diana out of respect for the late royal and her children and not to antagonise further that part of the population still harbouring ill feelings towards her due to her affair with Charles, Camilla became by marriage the new Princess of Wales in 2005. Clarence House's statement dating back to her wedding also stressed the now Duchess would be known as Princess Consort rather than Queen Consort following Prince Charles's accession to the throne. This announcement was followed by years of speculation regarding which title Camilla would really use once Prince Charles becomes King. However, Her Majesty put an end to the reports by expressing her clear wish for the now Duchess to take on the title of Queen Consort. In a statement issued on February 5, the eve of the anniversary of her 70th Accession Day, the Queen wrote: "I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service."