Singletons Whitney and Duka were both hoping to find their ideal other half in this year’s Married at First Sight UK and experts Paul C Brunson, Mel Schilling and Charlene Douglas thought they’d be the perfect match. However, with Whitney already setting off sparks with the girls taking part and Duka’s desire for long marriage similar to his parents, it’s safe to say MAFS UK viewers weren’t convinced they were best matched. Whitney made an impression with viewers straight from the get-go, admitting those who don’t know her can perceive her as “cruel” and a “b***h”. However, the 31-year-old legal PA from St Albans insisted that once people get to know her, they see her “kind” side and was keen to share that with her Mr Right. Duka, on the other hand, was keen to replicate the long-lasting marriage his parents have shared, spanning over three decades. The Birmingham-based Recruitment HR Coordinator admitted he was looking for an “Instagram girl” who looks after herself as well as someone fiery with a “backbone”. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit But seemingly noticing their differences before they’d even walked down the aisle, fans slammed the decision made by Mel, Charlene and Paul. Twitter user @blackmxst raged: “Whitney and DUKA?? This is how I know this show is UNSERIOUS #MAFSUK #marriedatfirstsightuk.” While @ItsNikkiJOwen echoed: “Oh my god he’s in trouble, Whitney gonna eat him alive #MAFSUK.” Elsewhere, @xXMrsTeacherXx fumed: ”After hearing what Whitney wants, not sure Duka is the one - I hope I’m wrong! #MAFSUK.” And @vamplacey shared their stance: “Duka is the wrong choice for Whitney #MAFS #MAFSUK.” Fellow MAFS fan @AbbieHounsell concurred: “Really can’t see Duka and Whitney being a good match personally... be interesting to see how it’s plays out #MAFSUK.” While @onmilequetoast pulled no punches with their take: “Duka and Whitney is going to be a complete plane crash #MAFSUK.” However, there was some support for the match-up, with @RecappedPod commenting: “OK we're loving this match... fireworks coming but Duka and Whitney could be a good match! #MAFSUK.” DON'T MISS:Jordan and Chanita MAFS: What happened to Jordan and Chanita?Duka and Whitney MAFS: What happened to Duka and Whitney?Where are the MAFS UK 2021 couples now? And it seemed fans’ thoughts on the pairing resonated with Whitney when she first set eyes on Duka. Whitney rolled her eyes upon seeing Duka and failed to hide her reservations through her facial expressions. She even told the E4 cameras: “I wanted a man that was towering over me like a brick house… “But instead of a house, he’s a shed,” she added, slamming her new husband’s appearance.  And despite Duka seemingly being on board with the pairing at the start, Whitney even admitted she was having second thoughts there and then. "I'm half in-between maybe say your vows or maybe just run," she told Duka in the church. And later, she even told viewers: "(This is the) worst thing I’ve done in my f*****g life." But will Duka and Whitney's marriage last or are they destined to split? Married at First Sight UK continues nightly at 9pm on E4.