England fans have slammed UEFA for including five Germans and only four of England’s triumphant stars in their Euro 2022 Team of the Tournament. The Lionesses defeated Germany 2-1 in a thrilling final on Sunday to bring football home for the first time since 1966. Neither goalscorers Ella Toone nor Chloe Kelly have made the Best XI, although both players played bit-part roles in the tournament prior to Sunday’s clash. Instead, goalkeeper Mary Earps, captain Leah Williamson, midfielder Kiera Walsh, and forward Beth Mead have all made the team, which is selected by UEFA’s observer panel. Five Germans - Giulia Gwinn, Marina Hegerin, Lena Oberdorf, Alexandra Popp and Klara Buhl - are all included. England fans felt that more of Sarina Wiegman’s players deserved recognition, and fumed that star defender Millie Bright had not been included. Bright was England’s player of the match in their quarter-final victory over Spain. The 28-year-old Chelsea centre-back was also key in both the semi-final and final, but she was snubbed regardless. JUST IN: Prince William tells Chloe Kelly 'you were so powerful' says lipreader “No Millie Bright? This is a disgrace, [she] didn't have the best game in the final but was arguably England's best player of the tournament,” @DanAjyei noted. “Millie Bright not being in there is an absolute joke. No better centre half all tournament,” @WilmaVonnTrapp added. @BeechFC simply responded to UEFA’s announcement with: “Justice for Millie Bright.” Chelsea and England fan @TheBlueLioness argued that Bright was the best centre-back in the tournament, which would have her ahead of team-mate Williamson. “Really not sure how Millie Bright hasn’t made [the] team of the tournament when she was literally the best CB,” they said. DON'T MISS...Queen and William tipped to host royal reception after England winEngland hero Kelly left perplexed by Madeley during TV interviewWilliamson shares what Prince William told her during jubilant scenes @Querishi_ felt that winners England should have had more Team of the Tournament players than runners-up Germany. They slammed: “Not being funny but England won the Euros - how has Germany got more players in the team of the tournament? Also Millie Bright has been f****** ROBBED.” Others were slightly more diplomatic. User @AlexDenton17 also felt right-back Lucy Bronze deserved a mention, tweeting: “Not a fan of Germany having five to England's four players in the team of the tournament. Feels like Millie Bright or Lucy Bronze should replace one of the German defenders. But apart from that an excellent team and a wonderful tournament.” Bronze revealed on Monday that her team-mates had partied until 4am and were back on the beers a mere four hours later. The 30-year-old even received a stern decline from head coach Wiegman. “I think Sarina was finding it hard to keep up with the English ways! She had a few comments this morning! I tried to give her a beer before she started the meeting, and she was like: ‘Please don’t, Lucy’.”