The BBC series will return for its 20th series this Autumn, bringing glitter, glamour and glorious dancing to viewers at home. Loose Women host Kaye Adams was recently revealed as the fourth contestant to take part in the dancing competition, following in the footsteps of her co-stars Ruth Langsford, Judi Love and Katie Piper. However, she recently opened up about the odd advice she had received from Ruth. As Thursday's show kicked off, Katie exclaimed: "I haven't seen you since your announcement last week!" Feeling embarrassed, Kaye admitted: "I was really hoping I was going to get away with this!" Katie continued: "I watched the show and I have to say I didn't guess that it was going to be you! "I thought it might be Linda and it was so tight-lipped here nobody would give any clues, but I think you'll do brilliantly!" READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen Kaye expressed: "That's really sweet of you to say that, but when people say that it just makes my heart run cold because I think I am going to let all these people down." Co-star Kelle Bryan added: "There is no way you are going to let anybody down because I think what is going to be lovely is that the public will see the Kaye that we get to see. "And that Kaye is really lovely and I think you are going to find that people are going to get to know you, your humour is razor sharp." Kaye replied: "Yeah but it's not a stand-up show it's a dancing show. I had a long chat with Ruth on Sunday on the phone whilst I was out walking the dog and she was brilliant, she really was. "She told me warts and all but in a really supportive way which was nice but she did make me laugh, she goes, 'Now, you will get very sweaty down there when you are training, very sweaty.' "'So what I had to do was I had a little ladies back with a couple of panty liners' little tips there to keep me going.'" Kelle asked Kaye whether she had spoken to Judi since her announcement, to which she explained: "Oh Judi, Judi's energy is amazing. "If I could get a tiny bit of Judi's energy put it in a bottle and drink it before the show, I would be sorted." DON'T MISS...Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall [WATCH]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  [LATEST]Camilla triumphs over Charles as royal couple go 'head-to-head' [INSIGHT] Kaye was announced as the fourth contestant live on air during the ITV panel show and that she would be dusting off her dancing shoes and showing off her moves in the iconic ballroom. Speaking about entering the competition, Kaye said: "I said I wanted to make the last year of my 50s memorable. "I can’t think of a better way of doing it than showing the world my two left feet. Pray for me!” Kaye will be joining the other 14 contestants which include Helen Skelton, James Bye, Hamza Yassin, Fleur East, Molly Rainford, Ellie Taylor, Matt Goss, Tyler West, Ellie Simmonds, Jayde Adams, Richie Anderson, Kym Marsh, and Will Mellor. Kaye also hosts BBC Radio Scotland as well as being a serving journalist for Channel 5 and STV, where she admitted: "I can't dance, I'm absolutely terrified. "I could think of a million reasons not to do this and when these gorgeous young dancers came on, I nearly exited from both ends of my body. "Am I going to sit here at the end of September thinking, 'Why didn't I give this a go?' I'm 60 at the end of this year and I thought, why not?' If I'm enjoying myself, I'll be happy. She added: “I said I wanted to make the last year of my fifties memorable and i can’t think of a better way of doing it than showing the world my two left feet. Pray for me!” Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.