A debate has broken out after a polite note was left on a motorist’s car in a residential area of a Welsh town asking the driver to park elsewhere - even though they were not breaking any rules by leaving their car on the street. The note was left on the windscreen of a car parked in Colwyn Bay earlier this month, WalesOnline reported. The note made it clear that the spot being used by the driver was “a residential road and not a car park”. It went on to say that the car in question had been spotted parking in the same space for a “couple of weeks” and kindly asked the owner to park elsewhere and “not outside someone’s home/opposite a driveway”. However, the mother of the car’s owner has explained that her son only parks on the street so that he can attend his job nearby, and suggested that the complainant “contacts the local council if they have a problem with the parking”. READ MORE: Elderly driver fined £50 after making a typo – ‘I won’t be paying it!’ After it was made public, the row has split the opinion of other motorists across Wales, with many defending the decision of the man who has been parking on the street. Joseph Innocent didn’t see a problem with it at all, saying: “If they’re paying tax and it’s legal, crack on.” Margaret Wycherley agreed, arguing that “the home occupants don’t own the road, even if they do, indeed, own their homes - their ownership and/or occupation ends at their home boundary”. Tony Shingler, meanwhile, said: “I’d write one back. You’re being filmed by my car’s security, please mind your own f****** business. [SIC] DON'T MISS British drivers admit they may never be ready for switch to EVs [INSIGHT] Drivers encouraged to use little-known shoe trick to save fuel [ADVICE] Drivers urged to follow little-known car key hack [REVEAL] “I pay road tax and I can park where I want to as long as I don’t block anyone’s drive. I suggest you get a life and get out a bit more. Have a nice day.” Others, however, backed the opinion of the note writer. Dilys Wynne Jones said: “I live in a cul-de-sac and often cars are parked opposite my driveway. “These very minor roads are not wide, therefore at times, it’s not possible to turn into my drive with parked cars taking up half the road. READ MORE: Electric car owners 'left confused' after major charging law update “These roads are not PUBLIC highways but service roads for the RESIDENTS only. Consideration for others is all it takes.” Julie Hone seemed to agree, saying: “It’s happening everywhere. I think courtesy has well and truly gone with a lot of people. “They don’t care as long as they can park. Some houses have four or five cars and they will park them all.... they don’t care about people with just one car per household. Morals and courtesy no more.” Jordan Fletcher added: "I think it’s pretty polite and only fair to ask. It’s a bit annoying when people use areas that are residential regularly when they are not even in the area. “One-off is nothing, but all the time would wind me up, too.” According to the RAC, it is “perfectly legal” to park outside someone’s house, unless the vehicle is blocking a driveway or a wheel is over a dropped kerb. The RAC’s website reads: “Where no parking controls exist, drivers do not have an ‘automatic spot’ for parking outside their homes. “If your vehicle is on your driveway and another car is parked on a public highway and blocking your access out of your driveway, the council has the power to act. “But if that other car is on a drive, it’s technically on private property – and the council has no authority to remove it.”