Dan Walker, 45, has revealed via a cryptic tweet that he is embarking on a new project for Channel 5. Intensifying the sense of mystery, he posted a black and white photo of himself in dark sunglasses, looking like the next James Bond. "Off to a top-secret location to start filming a very exciting new project for @channel5_tv," he told his 770,800 followers earlier today. He added teasingly: "Details soon… I hope you like it. Keep your Friday nights free!" Fans immediately responded to the intrigue, with @theantman71 quipping: "You're the new James Bond aren't you?" @stevom72 made another guess, joking: "Youth Hostelling with Dan Walker and Chris Eubank? Cooking in Prison with Dan Walker? If you don’t do it Dan, Channel 4 will!!" READ NOW: Paul O'Grady breaks silence on reason for BBC Radio exit "Walking with Walker?" suggested @MorMyth, adding: "Join Dan as he steps out around the British Coast...." As the speculation intensified and fans let their imaginations run wild, @ReMyesis exclaimed: "That's it I've cancelled everything on a Friday for a year based on this tweet...." There has been no formal announcement about what the top secret show might be. However it was announced just a week ago that Dan will also be appearing in Digging for Treasure: Tonight with Michaela Strachan and Raksha Dave. Each episode in the series will be set in a different location and will see a group of metal detectors scouring a section of land to find out the secrets of what was there before. They will seek to discover ancient artefacts belonging to people from centuries gone by and try to uncover more about the hidden history of Britain. The series will apparently pinpoint the location of a Lancaster bomber lost during World War II in a gripping discovery moment. It will also see a dive take place at the site of a shipwreck on the Cornish coast. DON'T MISS... Antonio Banderas, 61, attends gala with girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 40 [EVENT] Demi Rose flaunts wardrobe malfunction in tiny micro mini skirt [PHOTOS] Brad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed [UNEARTHED FOOTAGE]  Then, marine archeologists will look for evidence to tell us more about Mary, Queen of Scots by searching deep below the sea within a Scottish loch. This may or may not be the show that Dan has referred to in his tweet, as he is expected to take on multiple new projects for Channel 5 besides his usual news slot. The former BBC Breakfast star has also made it clear that he has no intention of closing the door on his history with the BBC voluntarily. His declaration that he'd love to return has sparked hopes that he may be involved in a project for the channel in the future. However Dan recalled during an interview with The Times that he had some struggles during his earlier career due to others' reactions to his Christian faith. "When I said I don’t work on Sundays I’d get laughed out of interviews," he admitted. "And when I did get jobs, some people resented me because they couldn’t work me out." For example, Dan landed a presenting role on Football Focus despite strongly criticising the structure of the game and insisting that playing football on Sundays was "going against God’s plan". "They’d think, ‘How did you get that being like you are?’" the presenter, whose father Austin and brother Jeremy both work as pastors, shared.