Marlon Dingle (played by Mark Charnock) and Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) are set to tie the knot in St Mary's Church later this week on the ITV soap. The Emmerdale couple's lives were turned upside down when Marlon had a debilitating stroke in March. Ahead of the wedding special, Marlon actor Mark revealed he was a "nervous wreck" on set as he wanted to do stroke sufferers justice. The highly-anticipated Emmerdale wedding is due to air on Thursday evening during an hour-long instalment of the village soap. ITV soap fans will know Marlon has been determined to get out of his wheelchair and walk down the aisle to meet his bride-to-be Rhona. He has been undergoing physiotherapy in a bid to achieve this aim at the ceremony in front of his loved ones. ITV has released touching photographs showing the moment Marlon arrives at the church with Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) and steps out of his wheelchair. READ MORE: Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!' As he steps toward Rhona, she starts welling up as she can see how hard he is trying. While he makes it to the altar, he soon needs to sit back down in a chair due to feeling exhausted. Marlon actor Mark and Rhona actress Zoe spoke about the emotional scenes to Express.co.uk and other publications at an Emmerdale press day. When asked if the cast and crew got emotional over their on-screen wedding, Mark said: "It was quite intense as there are intense storylines going on in the same episode, so when I read it I found it relentlessly moving all the way through."  Mark also revealed he found the wedding storyline "quite daunting" and he wanted to act out his scenes as best he could as he felt he had a big responsibility. "It was a fascinating journey and I was lucky because our research teams were full of volumes and volumes of [stroke] information," he said. "I felt once we started it I was well prepared, but that is not to say I wasn't a nervous wreck because to a point you are doing calculated guesses about people who have had a stroke as every case is different. "I was lucky as the scripts were so brilliant and the people from the Stroke Association were so brilliant." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star wows with ripped transformation after 'quitting gym' [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Triple exit as Leyla, Liam and Jacob leave village [THEORY]Natalie Anderson husband: Who is Emmerdale's Alicia star married to? [EXPLAINER] Speaking about his coach on set, Mark explained: "She's really quite strict and it's great, especially with the walk down the aisle. "She was like, 'No, do it again,' and that was brilliant because she has worked with people who have had strokes every day. "Once I did it right and it was bang on, it felt like winning the lottery." Prior to his heartwarming walk down the aisle, Marlon was pushed through the village by his best friend Paddy who was eager to get him to the church on time.  However, the actor admitted the moment Paddy wheeled Marlon to the church took a total of eight takes. Mark said: "It was only because there were lots of different shots to do. "But in one of the takes, I think this is all right to say, but when I got in [the church] I nearly went over, the [wheelchair] tilted. It's bumpy and there's no seatbelt." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 