The Russian president has seen his military offensive in Ukraine grind almost to a halt after more than five months of fierce fighting. Ukraine's army has put up stiff resistance and inflicted heavy losses on the Russian invaders. Moreover, the recent arrival of HIMARS and other Western heavy artillery systems has allowed Kyiv to stem the Russian advance in the Donbas and prepare the way for a possible counter-offensive in the Kherson region. Far from being chastened by the recent turn of events, the Kremlin tyrant appears to be ratcheting up the war rhetoric and threatening a wider global confrontation. Igor Korotchenko, a so-called "foreign policy expert", told viewers during a discussion on the state TV channel Russia One that Putin was determined to "erase" the "anti-Russia" project. Although ostensibly referring to Ukraine, his words were carefully chosen and appeared to reference all countries hostile to Russian interests. The Kremlin stooge said: "Ukraine is part of the historical Russia. "Ukraine as a country never existed. Ukraine's political elites made a choice to turn it into the project "anti-Russia". He then pointedly added: "THESE kinds of countries have no right to exist from the perspective of our country's national interests. "Neither the West, nor the United States can influence the will and determination of our country's leadership and of our people." The Kremlin has often accused NATO countries such as Britain and the United States of being "anti-Russian." The two Western allies along with Australia and many other states were added to a list of countries considered "unfriendly" by Russia at the beginning of March. Putin has on numerous occasions threatened to escalate his war in Ukraine into a nuclear Armageddon. On launching his invasion, he warned NATO leaders that any attempt to interfere would lead to “consequences you have never seen.” READ MORE: Putin ICBM carrier ploughs into vehicle in horror crash Threats to deploy Russia's fearsome nuclear arsenal have repeatedly been made throughout the course of the conflict. Margarita Simonyan, one of the Kremlin's highest-profile media bosses, said at the end of April that Putin would more likely deploy his nukes than concede defeat in Ukraine. She told a panel of experts on a TV programme: "Either we lose in Ukraine, or the Third World War starts. "I think World War Three is more realistic, knowing us, knowing our leader. "The most incredible outcome, that all this will end with a nuclear strike, seems more probable to me than the other course of events. DON'T MISSPutin growing desperate in failed Ukraine bid: 'Small nuclear weapons' [INSIGHT]Russia opens two nuclear research facilities closer to US [NEWS]Putin's plot to recruit Russian murderers exposed [SPOTLIGHT] “This is to my horror on one hand, but on the other hand, it is what it is. "We will go to heaven, while they will simply croak... We're all going to die someday.” It comes as Ukraine's human rights ombudsman accused Russia of "acts of nuclear terrorism" in relation to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant (NPP). Dmytro Lubinets wrote on his Telegram channel: "As the commissioner for human rights of the parliament of Ukraine, I first of all declare the flagrant threat posed by the presence of the Russian military in Zaporizhzhia NPP not only for tens of millions of Ukrainians, but also for the whole world. "The destructive consequences of nuclear terrorism and the spread of radioactivity do not ‘respect’ state borders, and radioactive emissions spread uncontrollably, the consequences of radioactive pollution remain for decades."