The Russian leader has sparked health fears since his invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Investigate journalist John Sweeney has claimed that Vladimir Putin's face appears puffy. He added that intelligence has revealed Putin is "followed" by a cancer doctor. He told Times Radio: "His face, he looks like the varnishing is different. "He was varnished when I met him because he's got botox and he's so plasticky but the structure of his face was narrow and weaselly, spacey. "Now he looks like a hamster, his cheeks stuffed with straw. "My friend Ashley Grossman is a professor of medicine at Oxford in neurotechnology, he said he put £50 on this being steroid overdosing or steroid abuse." READ MORE: China's aggression against Taiwan risks war in Asia: 'Pick a side!' He added: "But clearly there's something wrong and separately, there's a brilliant Russian website which has discovered that a cancer doctor is following Putin all the time, all the time when he moves. "So the evidence points to something wrong and this is also what the Ukrainian intelligence is telling people, cancer of the blood in some form." Putin was recently filmed imping while he was given a tour of a military museum as part of a weekend of festivities marking Russia's Navy Day. The 69-year-old was also seen struggling to swat away flies from his face using his left arm while his right hung limply at his side. The video is one of many that have brought into question the health of the leader. But the concern did not stop Putin from issuing a further threat by announcing that the Russian navy would receive hypersonic Zircon cruise missiles within the next few months and that the area of their deployment would depend on Russian interests. Speaking in the former imperial capital of St Petersburg, Putin praised Peter for making Russia a great sea power and increasing the global standing of the Russian state. After inspecting the navy, Putin made a short speech in which he promised what he touted as Russia's unique Zircon hypersonic cruise missiles, cautioning that Russia had the military clout to defeat any potential aggressors. Shortly before the speech, he signed a new 55-page naval doctrine, which sets out the broad strategic aims of Russia's navy, including its ambitions as a "great maritime power" that extend over the entire world. DON'T MISS First image emerges of former Putin ally suddenly taken ill [INSIGHT]Russia in FLAMES: Shocking images show smoke cloud outside Moscow [VIDEO]Putin humiliated as nuclear war threat brutally dismantled [ANALYSIS] The main threat to Russia, the doctrine says, is "the strategic policy of the USA to dominate the world's oceans" and the movement of the NATO military alliance closer to Russia's borders. Russia may use its military force appropriately to the situation in the world's oceans should other soft powers, such as diplomatic and economic tools, be exhausted, the doctrine says, acknowledging that Russia does not have enough navy bases globally. Russia's priority was to develop strategic and naval cooperation with India as well as wider cooperation with Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and other states in the region, according to the doctrine. "Guided by this doctrine, the Russian Federation will firmly and resolutely defend its national interests in the world's oceans, and having sufficient maritime power will guarantee their security and protection," the document said.