Although ibuprofen is best known as a little tablet, there are various other versions, ranging from capsules to liquid. You have been probably taking some form of ibuprofen your whole life, but are you aware of its side effects? While medications can effectively target certain problems, they are also known to cause some unwanted effects. Not everyone is affected by these side effects but some might experience them. Drugs.com warns that the over-the-counter medicine can also stir up some serious problems that require “immediate medical attention”. The portal states: “Along with its needed effects, ibuprofen may cause some unwanted effects. READ MORE: Your IBS could actually be SIBO says expert - 'Cause systemic issues' if left untreated Although not all of these side effects may occur, if they do occur, they may need medical attention.” A whole series of serious side effects is linked to your stomach. Drugs.com shares that unwanted signs can include: The portal recommends contacting your doctor immediately if you experience any of these signs when taking ibuprofen.  On top of these tummy signs, the NHS also adds black poo and blood in the vomit to the list. It explains that symptoms like these can signal a serious condition, including bleeding in your stomach. So, it’s crucial to call a doctor or contact 111 “straight away” while stopping the use of ibuprofen, the health body states. A study, published in the journal Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology, warns that people who take high doses of the popular painkiller regularly are more likely to experience gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding. READ MORE: B12 deficiency: The hard to reverse sign in your feet - 'only' symptom in 25% of cases The research explains that “significant” GI bleeding can be observed as early as three days after starting ibuprofen treatment. The participants in the study were taking 800mg of ibuprofen three times a day for a period of 28 days. The dose recommended by the NHS for adults is one or two 200mg tablets or capsules three times a day. Although these are all possible side effects of taking ibuprofen, there are also some “common” and less serious signs to be aware of. The NHS reports these signs to be “common” side effects of ibuprofen: Always refer to the patient information leaflet that comes with the medicine to check for all the possible side effects linked to your medicine. If any side effects that don’t require immediate attention persist, speak to a doctor or a pharmacist, the NHS advises.