Arsenal star Gabriel Jesus was spotted continuing to plead his innocence with referee Jarred Gillett at half time following his heated coming together with Joao Palhinha. Arsenal dominated proceedings from the outset at the Emirates on Saturday evening but Fulham's defensive effort stood strong with the Gunners growing frustrated.  Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka were all struggling to find a way past Fulham's defence with Bernd Leno barely tested. The home crowd were getting more agitated as the half drew to a close and that atmosphere was rubbing off on the players. Arsenal's attackers were dropping deeper and deeper to try and win the ball back and things came to a head just minutes before the break. Saka was fouled by Palhinha in the Arsenal attacker's own half, who went down clutching at his leg. Jesus immediately stepped in to defend his team-mate, pushing and shoving Palhinha with the pair touching heads. Referee Gillett saw nothing malicious in it from either player, but showed the pair a yellow card each to the bemusement of them both.  Not long after, the half-time whistle was blown and Gillett still had more work to do. Jesus' protests continued as he was seen chasing after the referee to argue his case. Gillett quickly waved away Jesus' protests and the Brazilian appeared to realise he risked getting in even more trouble as he walked away in a huff. Aleksandar Mitrovic was also seen talking to the referee, who became the first non-British or Irish referee to officiate in the Premier League last year.  Arsenal appeared to run out of ideas at the start of the second half as Fulham began to push further up the pitch. But Arsenal were victims of their own demise in the end when Gabriel was caught napping with the ball at his feet inside his own box. Mitrovic stole the ball off the Brazilian before finishing expertly past Aaron Ramsdale to give the visitors an unexpected lead. Arteta quickly changed formation, taking Kieran Tierney off for Eddie Nketiah with Martin Odegaard then levelling the scores minutes later. And Gabriel atoned for his earlier mistake in the dying minutes of the match to grab a dramatic winner for the Gunners. 