Yes, Zero Covid is weighing and will continue to weigh on the economy. And yes, many Chinese nationalists are fuming that the CCP did not respond forcefully enough to Nancy Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan. But no, this does not mean the CCP will collapse. Not anytime soon. The control the party exercises over the Chinese people and economy is simply too great. Even within China, problems in one region are not easily conveyed to those in other regions, thanks to strict media and social media censorship. It is also true that Chinese people have endured much hardship since the CCP came to power in 1949 and only once truly rose up against the regime – forty years later, in 1989 – only to be crushed at Tiananmen Square. Of course, younger Chinese have greater expectations of the future than older Chinese. This may mean that the public’s tolerance of lousy policies is lower today than during the Cultural Revolution and Great Leap Forward. That said, the economic and political control the CCP exerts over the public is simply too great right now for society to implode to the point that people rise up, or for the economy to go into freefall. This does not however mean the CCP will last forever. But if the regime collapses it will more likely come from overreach involving the outside world – forces beyond its control rather than those within its grasp. As we all know, the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) continues to menace Taiwan, an island democracy the CCP is determined to retake. Although many analysts claim the PLA is not ready to take on the US, bear in mind that just as a regime like China can control its people more than democratic governments can, it also lacks democratic checks and balances to stop miscalculations and overreach when it comes to foreign policy. As the CCP claims sovereignty over the stretch of water separating China from the mainland – the Taiwan Strait – so the US Navy is still operating in the waterway. If enough Chinese nationalists see this as encroachment on Chinese territorial waters, the regime could be forced to respond. It is also worth remembering that while the Strait is tough to cross, it is not impossible, while the PLA has enough personnel, Taiwan is 16-times smaller than Ukraine, and is much easier to blockade. This could all embolden China. No doubt either that the PLA is getting stronger, the US may not have the stomach to defend Taiwan (even though it would be in Washington’s interest to do so), while the US military still depends on China for some materials. China may be emboldened even as the risk of miscalculation grows. Plus, foreign policy risks do not end with Taiwan. Border clashes continue with India, which fears CCP encirclement from Pakistan to Sri Lanka. Chinese belligerence is also forcing Japan to consider deployment of 1,000 long-range cruise missiles. China knows, as time goes on, similar moves will be made to counter its dominance in the region. The CCP was never going to start a war over Nancy Pelosi’s visit. But there is a narrow window of opportunity. The longer Beijing waits, the more time the US has to supply and train the Taiwanese, the more forces against China can rally, and the longer the US has to replenish weaponry sent to Ukraine. Meanwhile, a loss of face among the Chinese people could be enough to force Beijing to act. Overall, the tight control which will stop the CCP from collapsing anytime soon domestically is the very thing which could encourage it to overreach and miscalculate internationally.