Spirits among Vladimir Putin's men were already low before the full-scale war began, the US Ministry of Defence wrote in an assessment on Monday, but sank even deeper once fighting against Ukrainian forces proved more challenging than expected. A Pentagon source said: "Now imagine you're a Russian soldier … a couple of months into it, and you've been getting hit pretty hard by [Ukrainian] artillery and HIMARS." According to the official, Ukrainian military officials have seen the effect on Russians' morale "and are working to take advantage of it". His comments came as Ukrainian government officials said they launched an offensive in and around Kherson to retake the strategic city in the south. Oleksiy Arestovych, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky, claimed their troops had broken through Russian defences in several areas of the frontline near Kherson city, while forces were also shelling ferries that Moscow uses to supply Kremlin-occupied territory on the west bank of the Dnieper river. READ MORE: Russian soldiers blown up by OWN mines after falling for hoax call Yet, in an update posted to his official Telegram account, Mr Arestovych cautioned against any expectations of a quick victory, describing the offensive as a "slow operation to grind the enemy". He said: "Of course, many would like a large-scale offensive with news about the capture by our military of a settlement in an hour. "But we don't fight like that … Funds are limited." The US, meanwhile, appeared cautious in its analysis. The military official quoted by the Ministry of Defence did not want to dub the actions in the south as a counter-offensive just yet, arguing some more clarity, which he expected in the next few days, was needed. He noted that Ukrainian forces have been moving into the region for some time, and that the ratio between Ukrainian and Russian forces is "in much better number in terms of equality or parity in the south than they were initially up along the eastern portion of the battlespace". He added: "And again, without knowing all the particulars of what the Ukrainians are doing, … they are students of military doctrine. "They understand that conducting an attack takes a greater number of forces than if you were on the defence. So, I think they probably have worked to adjust their numbers." Moscow, meanwhile, will struggle to grow its army, the official said. Russia is seeking to grow the increase the size of its military by 137,000 to 1.15 million. He said: "This effort is unlikely to succeed, as Russia has historically not met personnel and strength targets. "In fact, if you look at the Russian armed forces, prior to the invasion, they may have already been 150,000 personnel short of their million personnel goal." DON'T MISSRussian tank gets obliterated by precise artillery strike [VIDEO]EU to brace for 'starkest' winter as Putin deepens energy war [INSIGHT]Liz Truss allies ALREADY discussing her downfall [REVEAL] Mr Zelensky did not explicitly address the counteroffensive during his Monday evening address, but said: "The occupiers should know – we will oust them to the border. To our border, the line of which has not changed." Those who surrendered would be treated under the Geneva conventions, the President said, adding: "If they do not listen to me, they will deal with our defenders, who will not stop until they liberate everything that belongs to Ukraine." American HIMARS are expected to be front and centre in Ukrainians' efforts in the south, and Kyiv has been promised more of the powerful arms. The US has said it is accelerating production of the weapon, which has a range of around 50 miles, for continuous delivery to Ukraine. Senior Pentagon official William LaPlante confirmed this after visiting Lockheed Martin facilities in Camden, Arkansas, which produce HIMARS and Guided Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (GMLRS). He said: "As we continue providing security assistance to Ukraine, we are working with industry to accelerate production of critical weapons and systems." The Pentagon said Ukraine is "effectively employing" the lightweight mobile launchers and precision-strike munitions produced in Lockheed Martin facilities. LaPlante added that US officials "will continue to closely consult with Ukraine on capability needs". He added: "As President Biden has said, our goal is straightforward – the United States wants to see a democratic, independent, sovereign and prosperous Ukraine with the means to deter and defend itself against further aggression."