For over a year, Janine Butcher (played by Charlie Brooks) has tormented Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) and manipulated her former husband Mick Carter (Danny Dyer). There have been fights and rows in Albert Square between them, as is tradition, but an almighty ending has been predicted by fans amid show bosses teasing details of the fate of the Queen Vic's landlord. Mick Carter has proved to be an immensely popular addition to EastEnders since he first arrived on the Christmas Day episode in 2013. Since he joined the Square, he has dealt with some of the biggest moments in the soap's history. He has dealt with the revelation his sister Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) is actually his mother. Mick's also battled with his emotions about his childhood abuse and the shocking rape of his wife Linda by Dean Wicks (Matt Di Angelo). Read More: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles But fans are predicting despite surviving all of those traumatic moments, it will be Janine who eventually spells the end of his time on BBC soap. The scheming Janine has been a thorn in his and Linda's side, while keeping onside with Mick - most of the time. Fans are preparing themselves for a nuclear ending, after Linda lamped Janine on August 30. Angie Quinn tweeted: "Obsessed with Janine Butcher dusting the bust of Queen Victoria, she's probably going to use it as a murder weapon soon." Another fan Bovary Cee added: "I’m loving Janine Butcher’s scheming side! I love her as a villain. What she did to Linda was awful. Can’t wait to see how this turns out." For many months, Mick has always given Janine the benefit of the doubt, especially during Linda's drinking phase. Now Janine has a new ally in Jada (Kelsey Calladine-Smith) as the fall-guy for her next plan to have Linda's children removed from her. After Linda smacked Janine in the cellar of the Queen Vic, Mick still ended the evening with the conniving Butcher. DON'T MISS...Eastenders' Jamie Borthwick on his hidden condition [INSIGHT]Sid Owen returns to EastEnders after 10 years away [ARTICLE]EastEnders theory: Little Mo returns as Freddie Slater uncovers secret [THEORY] Some fans predicted Mick will eventually find out and lose control by taking matters into his own hands. Niall tweeted: "He’ll kill Janine when he finds out." Xavier added: "I think Mick should kill Janine for all the things she has done to his family. It would be the best exit storyline for him." There is not a confirmed date for Mick's departure from Walford, apart from the sure-to-be emotional farewell which will air around Christmas time. The fuel for the speculation increased when show boss Chris Clenshaw teased the potential finale for the lovable Mick and devious Janine. He explained: "Janine is in a relationship with Mick and we’re building to something very climactic between them. "Janine has got her everything in Mick and the Vic. But we all know how strong the bond is between Mick and Linda. "And we know what Janine’s capable of. I won’t give away exactly how Ricky comes back, but it plays into the Janine story." EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm