 Netflix’s hit reality series Selling Sunset premiered its first spin-off, Selling the OC which took place in Orange County. Despite the host of new faces, the level of drama remained the same and even continued after the show ended as real estate agent Alexandra Jarvis appeared to hit out at her co-stars.   As fans await the highly anticipated sixth season of Selling Sunset, they were treated to an impressive spin-off. Jason and Brett Oppenheim returned to screens to introduce a new cast of stars at their Orange County real estate office. However, this time the office was a mix of both men and women working with the affluent clientele. While competition soared over who could secure the most clients and sell the million-dollar mansions, fans also watched the drama unfold. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected Alongside signing contracts, the agents who were also getting to know each other were faced with clashes. This was seen with Alexandra who found herself in a number of feuds with the other agents. Alongside her proclaimed bestie Alexandra Rose, there was some tension with Alex Hall and another co-star Polly Brindle. As Alexandra felt ignored by Polly at the office and parties, she confronted the agent at a home they had been working on.   Although they both apologised for their part in the drama, there were still tensions between the pair. Fans could also sense that there was still animosity between Alexandra and Polly and one even asked the agent about it on social media. During a Q&A on Instagram, Alexandra responded to a number of fans who questioned her about the tension. One viewer asked: “How do you handle negativity from your colleagues?” DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [INSIGHT]Selling the OC’s Tyler Stanaland details kiss incident with co-star [INSIGHT] Brittany Snow net worth: How much is Tyler Stanaland's wife worth? [INSIGHT]   Taking to her Instagram stories, Alexandra responded: “Love this question! Life will always offer you choices - choose happiness and peace. “I don’t take things personally, but it took me some time, experiences and self-reflection to get to where I am mentally, emotionally and spiritually. “Bottom line, I value the opinions of certain people in my life and everything else is white noise if I hear it at all.” Although Alexandra’s answer may seem innocent, fans believe this would be in response to her tension with Polly.    The estate agent also responded to another viewer who asked: “Are there bts we don’t see like why the girls don’t like you so much.” (sic) Taking aim at her co-stars, she said: “Great question! Not at all, I’m myself in the show, don't know how to be any other way. “The hate is as shallow as it seems…unfortunately.” Although it appeared thousands of fans tuned in to the show, Netflix has yet to confirm whether Selling the OC will be renewed for a second season. Selling the OC is available on Netflix   