With the cost of living crisis not showing any signs of slowing down, motorists across the UK will do anything they can to save some money. And, an expert has now claimed that it might be easier to save on fuel than drivers think. Nick Zapolski, the founder of ChooseMyCar.com, said that one of the best hypermiling techniques is speed limiting. The expert claimed that motorists who stick to around 56mph are the most efficient. However, drivers must still remain sensible when it comes to speed limits, especially on motorways. Driving too slow on a motorway can pose a serious risk to other road users who might not expect slow-moving traffic. READ MORE: ‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets Mr Zapolski added that for every 5mph or 10mph reduced, motorists can gain between seven and 14 percent on their fuel economy. Driving at neck-breaking speeds of 77mph or more is not only illegal but also very wasteful. A motorist travelling at 77mph is wasting more fuel than a driver sticking to the speed limit. Mr Zapolski highlighted, however, that everyone should do their research before using hypermiling techniques. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%' [WARNING] Drivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [INSIGHT] French driving laws spark fierce debate over petrol and diesel rules [REVEAL] The experts said: “While hypermiling might be good for our pockets, some techniques are not good for our (or our car’s) safety. “So before you become a hypermiler, take a look at some of our popular tried and tested fuel-saving tips.” According to the research, drivers aged between 35 and 54 are the most likely to hypermile. In addition, since the crisis began, a whopping 81 percent of drivers have claimed that they changed their driving techniques to save fuel. READ MORE: Drivers slam 'draconian' rural speed limit cuts from 60mph to 20mph The data also found that Liverpool is the hypermiling capital of the UK, with 86 percent of drivers agreeing that they’re doing it now. Other major cities including Norwich, Southampton, London, and Birmingham complete the top five, with more than three-quarters admitting to using hypermiling techniques. On top of limiting their speeds, motorists have also been urged to avoid harsh braking. Mr Zapolski said that every time a driver uses the brakes, they are turning the fuel into heat and brake dust. If possible, the car should be gently slowed down before coming to a complete stop. By using brakes less often, drivers can improve their fuel efficiency and save more money. Driving more efficiently has a number of benefits. However, it can also be distracting. Mr Zapolski said: “Some cars will tell you the real-time MPG of your car as you’re driving along. “This can be a great tool to help your driving become more economical, although this can be distracting so be cautious. “Our advice: if your car can tell you what the current MPG of your travelling car is, there’s a chance it also has an eco-setting. Turn that on. It will prevent you from driving too erratically.”