Royal Mail staff from several company departments have voted to strike, with industrial action starting this week. The first walkouts strangled services today, leaving households across the country without letter deliveries. Britons will see postal services interrupted during several more days over the next two weeks. The CWU held its first walkouts today, August 26, with 115,000 Royal Mail staff on strike. Their absence meant postal workers did not deliver letters while the company prioritised priory packages. Any correspondence they don't receive today should arrive over the weekend, but some disruption will continue. READ MORE: More than 100,000 postal workers to walk out on Friday After today, the next CWU strikes are due on August 31, meaning letter delivery will return to normal over the weekend. But the action may have left a backlog in some deliveries, resulting in some post arriving later than intended. And offices will remain closed, so while people will receive post, they cannot collect packages. The Royal Mail said it may have to close hundreds of locations between Friday, August 26 and Saturday, August 27. Postal delays will resume again when CWU members participate in another round of strikes next week. They plan to walk out again in early September, between Thursday, September 8 and Friday, September 9. The public will have to prepare for a mix of post office services between these days. The Royal Mail has said it will only be able to provide special deliveries, Tracked 24 parcels, Covid test kits and medical prescriptions. Postal workers will not deliver letters, while some offices may close again and customer service points go without staff. The CWU is locked in a pay dispute with the Royal Mail, which it claims offered workers a pay rise worth "up to 5.5 percent". Union chiefs want their members to receive compensation in line with inflation. Inflation recently reached 10.1 percent - a 40-year high - and analysts believe it could pass 13 percent this year, rendering the Royal Mail offer a real terms pay cut.