You aren’t the only one who is feeling that someone in power is being unfair and even biased in their attitude towards you. Others, too, have noticed their treatment of you is very different to the way they approach other people. What matters is delivery. If you are delivering on your promises and responsibilities, no one can have any complaints. It’s not easy to concentrate on your work and studies when you have things on your mind that at this time seem more important. It will take a considerable amount of determination to cast off some worries. If people seem tense around you, it’s because they are picking up on your mood and are trying not to make things any more complicated than they are. You have a few good excuses for not having achieved as much as you had hoped, and you can prove it hasn’t been your fault that you’ve fallen behind. Don’t be surprised though if you have to take some work home with you in order to finish an urgent project.  In a controversial discussion, you will be able to say the right thing at the right time. Honesty is the best policy. If a partner wants an answer from you about an important issue, don’t hold back from revealing your deepest thoughts. Trust your intuition if you sense someone needs to talk. Although it may not have been your original intention, you could find yourself taking on an active and essential role in a club or society. You had been anticipating some form of competition from a rival, and much to your surprise, they will step back to willingly allow you to take the driving seat. Expect to be impressed by the abilities of someone with who you are having discussions. Now that you admit you can’t do everything on your own, you could be considering taking on a partner. your careful nature is unlikely to let you down when it comes to making such choices.  A recent financial error will be called to your attention. It may seem complicated at first, but once you break things down, you will find a solution. A friend or neighbour has romantic problems they need to get off their chest. A sympathetic ear will help them feel better. A business or financial issue that crops up will need your urgent attention. It isn’t going to be easy to get things ironed out when someone has misunderstood the facts, or they seem to be deliberately choosing to ignore the obvious. Evening social plans will provide plenty in the way of compensation. A text message or phone call could make you see red. Pause before giving an answer. Better still, wait until tomorrow before you respond. An angry reply may not really be appropriate. It could be that you have read someone wrong, or they have misunderstood a situation.  You’re struggling to reach an agreement with your partner over an issue that is important to your joint future. You now have two choices: either accept it is time to call it a day or get some counselling. It will do you no good to remain in the same rut. You need to expand beyond this problem. Prices for activities you’ve always enjoyed are beginning to soar, which will prompt you to change your priorities. If circumstances force you to go into debt, making a sensible budget will help your finances recover. A practical relative will advise you on where and how savings can be made. You have a lot to deal with. You have the time and energy to cope with it all. One way to ignore the tension in a team effort is to choose to work behind the scenes. Family matters are easily handled, so don’t let outside difficulties spoil your mood. 