Arsenal are reportedly set to bid for Leicester star Youri Tielemans this week, but he is not the only midfielder they are interested in. Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates throughout the summer and could finally be on his way. Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers dropped the Belgian to the bench in Saturday's 2-1 defeat at home to Southampton. He admitted his changes were due to players not being in the right frame of mind to play, with Chelsea target Wesley Fofana left out of the squad altogether. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has already spent around £120million on new signings this summer. But he is still keen to add further players to his squad despite winning the first three matches of the season. Belgian football reporter Sacha Tavolieri says Tielemans is still very much a target for the Gunners. And he claims a bid is being prepared to be sent to Leicester this week. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd back for De Jong, Newcastle eye £10m ace, Zaniolo update  Tielemans has entered the final year of his contract at the King Power Stadium. Therefore the 25-year-old is available for a cut-price fee of between £25million and £30m. Tavolieri also claims AC Milan star Sandro Tonali and Brighton's Moises Caicedo are alternative options for Arsenal. But Tielemans is the preferred target and this week is decisive in whether a deal will happen. Tielemans started Leicester's first two league matches of the season but was named among the substitutes at the weekend. Rodgers gave an explanation as to why he and Fofana were left out. He said: “One, a change in system and two, I mentioned in the week, we’re coming into a Premier League game and maybe we’ve got players who are maybe not quite in the right frame of mind. You can’t carry them, or certainly we can’t. So yeah, that’s the reason for the changes.” DON'T MISSMan Utd have a swap deal that can change everything on Antony dealChelsea tipped to sign perfect Aubameyang alternative after Leeds lossMan Utd 'to make final push for De Jong' as Glazers hand Ten Hag more cash  Tielemans has over 160 games in English football behind him having initially joined Leicester on loan from Monaco in 2018. Following Saturday's win over Bournemouth, Arteta admitted the good start to the season doesn't change his plans in the market. He said: "We don’t like reacting obviously, we want to get the players that we believe will make a big impact in the team. If we can do that, we will try to do that. If we cannot, we will stay with the players we have. "No it doesn’t change, but we know as well where we are short, where we have to add more firepower. And if we can do it, we will do it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here