Starting off as a radio DJ on Radio Luxembourg, pirate radio stations, and BBC's Radio 1, Noel Edmonds took the leap onto television; he presented Swap Shop, Top Of The Pops, and the Telly Addicts quiz show. Soon known as the Saturday Night entertainer, fans would spend a cosy night in watching Edmonds on Noel's House Party. The father-of-four has been on live TV for more than three decades, but it was his stint in I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! when tongues started wagging. Nearing 70 at the time, fans were gobsmacked to see Edmonds' physically fit physique and fresh-faced appearance – despite reports of having "nothing" done. In an interview with the Mail Online in 2014, Edmonds said he had "no Botox, no facelifts". "I’ve had two laser surgeries for my eyesight, that’s it," he said. "The rest is down to good genes and my unique personal formula for good health." So what exactly is Edmonds' secret to looking so good for his age? READ MORE: Heart disease: The activity done by millions of Brits makes the heart 'thicker and weaker' "I started using the EMPpad," he revealed. "I thought it was useless at first, but my wife, Liz, said she could see a difference so I stuck with it. "Then I could see my hair was thicker, my nails were stronger, the exercise I was doing in the gym was becoming easier and less painful." There has been limited research on electromagnetic pulse therapy, so there is a lack of evidence supporting the claims Edmonds made about the EMPpad. The presenter does, however, engage in daily meditation, which he said "is very good for you". Scientific evidence suggests that partaking in meditation can help to alleviate feelings of stress. Feeling stressed out has been linked to unhealthy habits that can increase a person's risk of disease and premature death. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) states that stressed individuals may turn to unhelpful coping behaviours, such as smoking and comfort eating. "In the moment, these things can temporarily reduce your stress. But if you do too much of them in the long run, it can damage your heart health," the charity elaborates. Elevated stress levels can also lead to a higher blood pressure reading, as the body releases the hormone adrenaline. The "fight or flight" hormone, as it's known as, makes the heart beat faster and can increase a person's blood pressure. When moments of stress pass, blood pressure should return to normal, but unhealthy coping behaviours, such as smoking or eating an unhealthy diet, could lead to more permanent rises in blood pressure. High blood pressure is a prerequisite for heart attacks and strokes – two life-threatening health conditions. Unhealthy behaviours are also linked to high cholesterol and type 2 diabetes. By lowering stress levels by meditating, like Edmonds, the likelihood of disease could be lowered. As such, you are more likely to engage in healthier behaviours and look more physically fit because of it. The Rise and Fall of Mr Saturday Night TV will air on Channel 5, Saturday, August 27 at 9pm.