Officially, the decision was Pelosi’s and not that of the White House. It is inconceivable Pelosi would have gone if the US Government had been dead against it. The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) knows that too. That is why both Beijing and America’s allies in the region – Japan and South Korea – will see in Pelosi’s visit as a firm US commitment to defend Taiwan, a resolve many had been questioning of late.  Make no mistake, any failure to defend Taiwan from Chinese invasion would be catastrophic for the US and Western alliance, essentially allowing the CCP to dominate the Pacific and perhaps even disrupting the flow of free trade.  But, make no mistake either, the CCP is livid, especially leader Xi Jinping, up for an unprecedented third term as party boss this year. For an organisation obsessed with loss of face, this will be seen as a monumental humiliation. The CCP has used rhetoric about ‘playing with fire’ before, but this time around they had threatened the strongest response, with fears of perhaps even intercepting Pelosi’s plane. That didn’t happen. The CCP knows this could have turned a diplomatic spat into a full-blown military crisis, and they probably aren’t yet ready for that. But they are getting ready, and the US knows it. Indeed, Pelosi’s plane appeared to avoid the South China Sea - which China claims and has militarised - because of fears of a military response. This may have allowed the CCP to save some face but also suggests fear on the US side. China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) had earlier staged air and sea manoeuvres in the South China Sea, and the Taiwan Strait separating China and Taiwan, as well as military drills in coastal areas, and missile tests. China has also threatened to hold major military exercises around Taiwan – an unprecedented move - with the PLA set to hold live-fire drills. On the economic front, China also announced several import bans on Taiwan. The live-fire drills around Taiwan – set for later in the week – essentially amount to an aerial and maritime blockade of Taiwan. There have also been reports of hacks against Taiwan. China’s foreign ministry had warned that the PLA “won’t sit by idly” if Beijing feels its “sovereignty and territorial integrity” is threatened. The PLA Eastern Theatre Command also warned it would “bury incoming enemies”. In a sense, the CCP has boxed itself in over both the Pelosi trip and making a move on Taiwan, having publicly threatened “strong measures” if Pelosi went ahead. Had the CCP dismissed the event as posturing, it may have avoided publicity – especially within China – and quietly prepared for a later conflict.    Instead, Xi Jinping and the CCP made a big deal of the trip and drew attention to it. This means the sense of humiliation is heightened, making it more likely that Beijing now feels it has a point to prove, meaning potential conflict against Taiwan is perhaps now more likely rather than less. This is not to say Pelosi shouldn’t have gone. Not to have done so would have sent a message that China’s intimidation works. But Washington must be under no illusion about what the consequences could now be. Relations between Beijing and Washington are bad and getting worse. In Pelosi’s visit, the US appears to have confirmed that it would get involved if the PLA attacked or blockaded Taiwan. The CCP now has an even bigger point to prove, especially Xi, who will not want to give his enemies within the party any opportunity to accuse him of weakness. 