Thérèse Coffey, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, insisted they had run out of time and had to move on to another broadcaster following a fiery debate with Good Morning Britain presenter Adil Ray. The ITV newsreader insisted on keeping her on for another minute to probe further about the recent uproar over MPs’ expenses on second homes. Ray was left nonplussed when Coffey attempted to end her interview two minutes earlier than he was expecting. After laying out the government’s plans for skyrocketing energy bills, the MP tried to bring the discussion to a close on her own terms. “Adil, I’m going to have to go to another broadcaster,” she cut over his last question. “We’ve discussed this multiple times already.” READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star However, Ray insisted this wasn’t the case and tried his best to keep the interview going. He interrupted her attempts to leave, and Coffey conceded to answer just one more question on MPs' expenses. The presenter interjected: “I was told you were a couple of minutes late so we had a couple of minutes more time with you.” Coffey admitted: “Well, indeed, but I’ve moved on over our couple of minutes.” Despite Coffey’s insistence, Ray remained even more determined and raised a recent objection over the Cabinet’s expenses for energy bills. “Do you think it’s right that MPs should be able to claim for their utility bills?” he asked. “Even if it’s for their second homes, with no upper limit at a time like this?” Coffey maintained Ray’s claims weren’t completely true before bringing the conversation to a rather messy conclusion. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist season 10: Red rocked by return from the past [LATEST]SEAL Team’s Lisa Davis star sparks frenzy with Blackburn reunion [INSIGHT]Raising Kanan: Omar Epps teases Malcolm’s rocky recovery [EXCLUSIVE] Ray’s inquiry arose this week when angry Britons slammed over 400 MPs for claiming around £420k in expenses since 2019. Many MPs, including Tory leadership frontrunner Liz Truss, have claimed thousands on bills for second homes while the rest of the UK struggles to pay. Meanwhile, GMB’s official Twitter account also couldn’t help noticing Coffey’s distracting way of trying to cut her interview short. “'Adil....Adil....Adil....',” they wrote alongside a clip from Friday’s show. “We think Thérèse Coffey has broken the record for the number of times she said @adilray's name in under 3 minutes!” “It’s not enough!” Ray exclaimed as Coffey outlined the government strategy to alleviate energy bills. Coffey repeatedly interjected with “Adil”, but the presenter was able to keep his line of questioning going well beyond their allotted time. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.