A saving of £195 a year on energy bills is significant for British families at the moment as costs rise. Analysts Cornwall Insight predicted an average annual bill will reach £3,582 by October, amid the cost of living crisis. Krish Kara is a 23-year-old Digital Marketer with a passion for personal finance, investing, and building businesses. He shares tips and tricks to make and save money on his TikTok account where he has 73k followers. He shared one clever and totally free way to save money on your energy this year. Krish, who recently detailed how to save £1,000 on your energy bills with a simple tip, told TikTok users: "One one million water saving devices are being given out for free. Here's how you get one." Head over to savewatersavemoney.co.uk, where Britons can find out if they are eligible. READ MORE: Press a button on your boiler to instantly save on energy bills 'keep this off' "Enter your postcode here to see in your qualify for free water-saving gadgets," Krish said. "You will be redirected to another website, where you answer a short questionnaire to see if you qualify for a water-saving showerhead." These showerheads have a regulated flow rate of seven litres per minute, compared to the standard 15 litres. Krish said: "A family of four can save £120 on their water bill and £75 on their gas bill by switching from an inefficient showerhead, to an efficient shower head." DON'T MISSFridge and freezer food storage hack to save money on energy bills [TIP] 'My bill is 50% less': Woman finds cleaning tip to slash costs [ENERGY] Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104' on energy bills [MONEY] The company also offers water-saving tap inserts, which halve the flow rate of your tap. On the site, Britons can also discover if they qualify for a discounted water butt. Waterbutts collect excess rainwater and store it. This water can be used for watering your plants or washing the car, for example. According to the Consumer Council for Water, the average home in the UK could collect enough rain in a year to fill 450 water butts. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Krish recently also detailed a fuel saving hack to slash the cost of your tank. The content creator explained how to use a popular app to find the cheapest petrol in your area. He advised using the Waze navigation app. Head over to the map in the app, click search and click the icon that looks like a fuel pump The app will then list petrol stations and prices in your area.