Halefom Weldeyohannes, 26, stabbed and strangled Yordanos Brhane, 19, after she told him she had no romantic interest in him. A court heard the thug fled 45 miles on a train, trying to hide blood stains on his clothes, before he was eventually tracked down by police. Weldeyohannes admitted the murder yesterday at Birmingham Crown Court and was today jailed for a minimum of 21 years. Sentencing him, Judge Simon Drew QC said: "You have pleaded guilty to the murder of Yordanos Brhane on July 31, 2021. It was a senseless and brutal killing of a young woman in her home. "As I am sure you know, I must pass a sentence of life imprisonment on you. This is not a case which requires a whole life term. I must take as my starting point 15 years. I must then consider the detailed facts of the case, in particular its aggravating features. The plea was not entered until the day of the trial. "You were born in Eritrea in 1996 and are now 26. You left Eritrea in 2013 when you were 17. You then lived in Ethiopia, France and Switzerland before entering this country in 2020. "You claimed asylum and were granted leave to remain. At the time you committed this offence you were working in a warehouse."  West Midlands Constabulary referred itself to the police watchdog after confirming officers took around 45 minutes from the time of the first call to arrive at the victim's address, Birmingham Live reports. They found Ms Brhana’s body in the flat in the Hockley area of the city on July 31, 2021. The defendant will now be considered for deportation, the judge said. The judge continued: "I understand in due course you will be considered for deportation. That is a matter for the Home Office. "I am satisfied you intended to kill Yordanos. You attacked her in her home in which you had been invited as a guest. You tried to escape detection by hiding out in Stoke-on-Trent. "I take into account this was not a premeditated killing. This was not a sexual crime. "You have no previous criminal convictions. "You came to this country from Eritrea. The journey here was a long one and beset with difficulties. I accept your time in Libya was very traumatic. You were imprisoned and tortured. "You have not received any mental health treatment in the UK." Weldeyohannes, of Highfield, Sheffield, set fire to the victim's clothing in an attempt to destroy evidence. He had strangled the woman for a "prolonged period" in the home.  The judge added: "Yordanos had no defensive injuries. It is possible you stabbed her first before then strangling her. Either way she suffered a brutal and violent death at your hands. "You did not give her any medical assistance or call the emergency services and you left her to die. I have no doubt that was your clear intention. Your tears in interview are in contrast to your conduct in the proceeding 24 hours. "You provided a statement and claimed to have lost all recollection of all events." Charles Miskin, QC, defending, admitted his client "lost his temper" during the confrontation. "I cannot say it directly to the family but I can say it through your Lordship that the defendant is extremely sorry for what he did and he apologises unreservedly," the lawyer added. "I recognise the only sentence that can be passed is life imprisonment. "The proper starting point is one of 15 years. The aggravating features and the mitigating features largely balance themselves out. The use of a weapon is not actually an aggravating feature in a murder case."  