Manchester United have already been surprised by Casemiro in his short spell at the club, according to reports. The Brazil international recently became the Red Devils’ fourth signing of the summer transfer window, following the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen to Old Trafford. And he’s already vowed to give everything for the shirt as he looks to get used to his new surroundings. Manchester United had been hoping to sign Frenkie de Jong and Adrien Rabiot earlier in the summer, with the pair high up on Erik ten Hag’s transfer wishlist. However, with deals for the duo difficult to broker, the Red Devils then decided to splurge £60million on Casemiro - with the Brazil international joining from Real Madrid. The Samba star has trained with his new team-mates for the first time this week and appeared happy to be reunited with Cristiano Ronaldo, who he previously played with over at the Bernabeu. Now, Spanish journalist Guillermo Rai has claimed United have already been ‘surprised’ at the way their new asset has been performing at Carrington. “About Casemiro (just to clarify),” he said on Twitter. “At Man U they are so surprised with his adaptation that it is not ruled out that he will start this Saturday against Southampton (12:30 p.m.), despite having only two training sessions with the rest of the squad.” Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers In Casemiro, United are signing one of the world’s most-decorated players. The Brazil international has won five Champions League titles throughout his glittering career, establishing himself as the stuff of Real Madrid legend in the process. However, a new challenge now awaits in the Premier League. And it’ll be fascinating to see how he fares during his time at Old Trafford, with the club hopeful he’ll be able to coax the best from the likes of Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes going forward. United boss Ten Hag confirmed on Friday that Casemiro was in contention to start against Southampton as his side look for a second win on the trot. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Having lost their opening two league fixtures against Brighton and Brentford, the Red Devils then rocked Liverpool with a vital 2-1 win on Monday night. And, speaking as his team look to achieve consistency, Ten Hag said: “Casemiro is fit, yeah. “He did all the training sessions, he trained individually, but in the last few days with the team.” Ten Hag also insisted that United ‘need to have a high standard’, admitting the spirit of the dressing room had improved following their win over Liverpool and Casemiro’s arrival. "We need to have a high standard,” said the 52-year-old, whose side drew 1-1 against Southampton both home and away last term. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “It's a demand to the group, to the players. The spirit was already good, now it is better. “It's clear, it's one game, we have to build further on it and everyone is aware of that. “I think it helps of course, because I said before the game Liverpool, especially last year, are the best football team in the world, and when you beat them it must give a lot of confidence, that's clear. We have to see the reward and match the runs, in and out of possession. “If you want to dictate the game, you want to do it in possession and out of possession, and the organisation has to always be right.” Casemiro, meanwhile, revealed earlier in the week that Ten Hag was a key factor in his decision to move to United. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "The opportunity to start a new challenge at Manchester United and in the Premier League is extremely exciting,” he told club media. "I have worked with many great managers in my career and, having met with Erik and heard his ideas, I can’t wait to work closely with him, his staff and my new team-mates in the coming years. "I’m ending one beautiful journey in Madrid whilst starting another in Manchester as determined as ever to win football matches, win trophies and make our fans proud by bringing success to this great club. "Everybody knows the history of Manchester United, the significance of the club around the world and what it means to its supporters. “To represent United is an honour and I am ready to give everything to help the team achieve our ambitions." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here