Nile Gardiner, director of the Margaret Thatcher Centre for Freedom, told GB News that the nationalisation of the energy sector would be an “absolute betrayal of Thatcherism” as the leader of the Labour Party Sir Keir Starmer called for a freeze on the energy price cap. In an exchange with GB News presenter Alistair Stewart, Mr Gardiner argued that the focus on green energy during a period of financial crisis was “insane” as Mr Stewart sympathised with the significant portions of the public “wrestling” with “headier” bills.    Mr Gardiner said: “The backdrop to our discussion today are growing calls for the nationalisation of energy companies in the United Kingdom. “In my view, this would be an absolute betrayal of Thatcherism and I know that Liz Truss, the leading contender to be the next Prime Minister, has flatly rejected this idea, and rightly so, because a return to socialism would be hugely destructive. “It would actually raise prices, I think, for British consumers and this idea that the government is better able to run energy and gas companies, well I think there is no evidence to suggest that the government could do a better job than the private sector.” Mr Stewart said he agreed with Mr Gardiner, but added: “The whole point is that it is not ideologues demanding [nationalistion], it is the public.    “The public are wrestling with water companies that don’t give them what they want at heady prices, electricity companies that do give them what they want but at headier and headier prices, thus I repeat, what went wrong? “Is it a failure of regulation, is it a failure of the management of those privatised companies? What went wrong, Nile? Mr Gardiner said: “There has been partly a lack of strategic vision here for the UK for the last few decades. You have not seen a focus on building nuclear power stations, and you’ve not seen a focus on fracking, for example.” Mr Gardiner added: “You’ve had this obsession with the green agenda, which has significantly raised costs, and this drive to net zero is frankly insane. This is an approach that is hugely costly for the British public; the approach should be, I think, towards greater competition in the energy sector, cutting taxes, and deregulating. “This is a far better solution than handing power back over to big government.” READ MORE: Keir Starmer clashes with GMB hosts on cost of living grilling [REVEAL]   Britain's main opposition Labour Party called on Monday for the energy price cap to be frozen this autumn to help the public deal with another expected surge in fuel bills during the worst cost-of-living crisis in decades. Labour leader Sir Keir said his party, if in power, would cap energy costs at the current level of £1,971 per year for six months from October and would pay for it by extending the windfall tax on oil and gas companies in the North Sea. The £29billion plan is aimed at increasing pressure on foreign minister Liz Truss and former finance minister Rishi Sunak, the two Conservative Party politicians vying to be Britain's next prime minister after Boris Johnson said he would step down. Both have so far promised more limited help. Charities in Britain are warning that millions of people could be forced into poverty if the government does not soften the blow with a new support package. DON'T MISS: 'Visionary’ LIZ: my ‘radical’ plan to fix economy' [INSIGHT] Labour plots to dump ‘dead loss’ Starmer [REVEAL] 'Beat the energy bill price cap’ utility service pledges £400 savings  [REPORT]   The Labour leader, however, ruled out temporarily nationalising energy companies which refuse to lower bills - a suggestion made by Labour's former prime minister, Gordon Brown, who appeared to criticise Sir Keir for going on holiday last week at a time of crisis. Sir Keir said: "We would make sure these energy price increases do not go ahead in the autumn and so instead of allowing the prices to go up and then trying to rebate people, we're going to cut the problem at source and stop those price increases. “We're going to pay for it by extending the windfall tax on oil and gas companies in the North Sea who've made much bigger profits than they expected.” The government, meanwhile, has said it is offering a substantial package of help, with 8 million of the most vulnerable households receiving £1,200 of direct support. READ NEXT: Savvy trick to slash energy bill: Change two settings on your boilerSunak REJECTED plans to freeze energy bills at less than £2kSchools weigh up moving to THREE-DAY week in 'crisis meetings'Truss to 'turbo-charge economy' with masterplan to slash EU red tapeWe are being completely ripped off, where are energy profits going?  