Manchester United will up the pressure on Frenkie de Jong as they look to secure the player’s signature, according to reports. Chelsea have emerged as rivals when it comes to landing the Barcelona star this summer. However, the 25-year-old is yet to make a final decision on his future as the clock continues to tick. Manchester United have just weeks to sign De Jong, with the summer transfer window due to close on September 1. They’ve agreed a fee with Barcelona for the Netherlands international and, though Adrien Rabiot is also on their radar, they’re refusing to throw in the towel when it comes to their top target. United remain emboldened by De Jong’s positive relationship with Erik ten Hag, with the duo previously working together at Ajax. And The National say they plan on ‘upping the pressure’ on the midfielder himself as they look to get a deal over the line. United, it’s stressed, wouldn’t have wasted so much energy into the transfer if they didn’t think it could be done. Barcelona have been negotiating with United chief John Murtough who, alongside Richard Arnold, recently jetted out to the city for talks. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And the Catalan giants think the Red Devils have ‘behaved in the correct manner in their dealings with the club’. That bodes well for United, with their relationship with Barcelona far better than the one the La Liga giants have with Chelsea. The two teams have clashed over a number of players this summer, worsening relations as a result. Chelsea had hoped to sign both Jules Kounde and Raphinha, only for Barcelona to end up landing the duo from Sevilla and Leeds respectively. And they’ve also been frustrated at the Catalan giants’ attempts to snap up both Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta, though the latter is set to stay at Stamford Bridge. United are keeping alternatives ‘warm’ in the event that their pursuit of De Jong fails to pay off. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And with the close of the transfer window edging closer, they’re in a race against time to get this operation over the line. United want to make more signings by September 1, too. They’ve reportedly agreed a fee with Juventus to sign Rabiot, who has just a year left on his contract over the Allianz Stadium. And United also want another forward, too, at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood’s futures are both up in the air. They’ve apparently been offered Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who scored 11 goals from 17 La Liga games last term after arriving from Arsenal on a free transfer. But United aren’t pursuing a deal for the Gabon international, who is far likelier to end up at Chelsea instead. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Marko Arnautovic has emerged as a target as well, with Ten Hag knowing all about the Austria international following their time at FC Twente together. Yet Bologna don’t want to sell and have reportedly already rejected one offer from United already. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta, meanwhile, has insisted he wants De Jong to stay despite their attempts to jettison the 25-year-old. “He is a Barca player, of great quality and we want him to stay. With him and his teammates we have a very powerful midfield. “He has offers but we want him to stay and he wants to stay.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Laporta also admitted that he has told Martin Braithwaite and Samuel Umtiti to leave, with both players surplus to requirements. “They have understood that the best thing is to go play for another team,” he said. “Their contracts have always been respected, but the time has come when they have to take a step forward. This week they have to fix both of them. “There are players who will have to leave and we are working on it. “And there will be some more registrations. This week what we hope is to register the signed players.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here