Manchester United co-owner Avram Glazer has been snapped watching today's Premier League clash with Brighton. The Red Devils have gone into the game with just three fresh faces signed. And fans have been protesting against their owners before the match at Old Trafford. Manchester United open their Premier League campaign against Brighton today as they look to hit the ground running under new boss Erik ten Hag. And co-owner Glazer has been spotted watching the game at Old Trafford, with the American having a big smile on his face. It comes on a day where United fans have again made their feelings known about their owners, calling on the Glazers to go having grown fed up about how the club has been ran in recent years. It’s a rare appearance at the famous stadium from Glazer, who usually watches matches in the United States. And he’ll be keeping a close eye on Ten Hag, who has become the latest manager of the club following in the footsteps of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in being hired in the wake of Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Speaking before the game with Brighton, the Dutchman admitted he was excited about getting started at United. “I really look forward [to it]. It’s really exciting to start on Sunday and we had a pretty good pre-season,” he said. “I think the squad works really well. “We progress, we bring in a way of playing and we’re looking forward to start the season.” On if players have responded to his methods, he said: “Yeah I think we came together during pre-season and therefore the tour was good because all day you are together, so we came, I think it’s quite good to be home again and it’s a collective and now we have to show it on the pitch.” DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join When quizzed on how he can win matches at United, Ten Hag said: “It is constructing a winning culture, and it starts in the week at Carrington. “By high standards, by good values and work. Work on the way of playing and in the end you will achieve success. “I feel the vibe in Old Trafford, and that the team has to be an example for the fans by being brave and working hard and co-operating and then the vibe will return to the pitch from the fans, I am convinced of that. “Yeah it is a busy job, but I don’t hate working so no problem, and especially not when you are in football. “The best is to be a football player, but if that is not possible anymore, be a coach, be a manager. It’s a great job so I get a lot of energy out of it and I hope to bring it over to my team.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And, on Brighton specifically, he said: “It’s going to be a tough opponent, it’s clear. “Because they have a good team, they have a team that has been together a long time. “They have a great coach who has been in co-operation for a long time, so their philosophy, their style is quite clear, and they have automatism so it’s going to be a tough opponent but I’m convinced for a good result on Sunday. “When we play well, we have a really good chance to win the game.” United beat Brighton 2-0 in the same fixture last season.