Anne Boleyn was England’s Queen for just three years and three months as the wife of King Henry VIII. She was executed at the Tower of London in 1536 after being found guilty of treason and accused of being unfaithful to her husband. Some details of her death are well-documented, including her beheading by an expert French swordsman, rather than an axeman – a decision of Henry’s interpreted by historians as an act of mercy to spare his Queen of pain. However, other details about Anne’s execution have long remained a mystery, including who accompanied her to the scaffold where she lost her head. But now, tantalising new evidence unearthed by historian Sylvia Barbara Soberton, reveals who may have accompanied the Queen during her final hours. Speaking to Express.co.uk about her discovery of a document that provides key evidence about Anne’s death, she said: “This is big. “I did not know at the time that people would be interested in this. But it is big, yes.” Ms Soberton is a Europe-based writer and researcher, specialising in the history of the Tudors. During the research for her most recent book, ‘Ladies-in-Waiting: Women Who Served Anne Boleyn’, she uncovered evidence about one of the women in Anne’s inner circle. JUST IN: Royal POLL: Should Edward and Sophie have a place in slimmed-down monarchy? A document she unearthed from the British Library’s archives shows that one of her maids of honour, Elizabeth ‘Bess’ Holland, may have been with Anne at the Tower. The revelation comes due to an inscription Ms Soberton found in the so-called ‘book of hours’. The prayer book is a manuscript used by Henry and Anne to exchange love messages to one another. The historian explained: “This book of hours contains the married name of one of Anne Boleyn’s maids of honour. “When she served Anne Boleyn, she was known as Bessie Holland, so Elizabeth ‘Bessie’ Holland. “She was the mistress of the Duke of Norfolk, and I assume that is how she became Anne Boleyn’s maids of honour, because he was Anne’s uncle. “It is interesting that this prayer book or the book of hours that is associated with Anne would have been later owned by her maid of honour.” ‘Bess’ was known to be incredibly close to Anne as a member of her staff, according to Ms Soberton. She said: “I think this is quite huge because this Bessie Holland was in Anne’s household, and she was also present during Anne’s coronation." “There are some inscriptions there that are women who are said to have been close to her. DON'T MISS: Historian ‘shocked’ as Queen’s uncle Edward wanted Nazis to ‘bomb Britain into peace’ [LATEST]Meghan Markle 'doesn't care' what people in UK think of her: 'Britain a lost cause' [INSIGHT]William and Kate U-turn after snubbing household staff: 'Life they want to lead' [ANALYSIS] “But I did not see these women in Anne's household, and I think that they are not perhaps as close to her as is generally assumed. “But this Bessie Holland was in Anne’s household, and she was also present during Anne’s coronation. “There are other sources that corroborate her presence in Anne's household after 1533, so after the coronation.” She added: “It is really interesting why her married name appears there. She inscribed her name together with her husband. “After her marriage she was known as Elizabeth Reppes and Henry Reppes, they were married. “I think maybe she received this manuscript from Anne herself when she was perhaps attending her in the Tower or on the scaffold. “We do not know but maybe she was allowed to be with Anne at that time.” ‘Ladies-in-Waiting: Women Who Served Anne Boleyn’ was written by Sylvia Barbara Soberton and published in 2022. It is available here.