Sleep posture expert and CEO of pillow and mattress brand Levitex, James Leinhardt, explained how travellers can easily create their own travel pillow with "a jumper or towel". This is key to making the journey more comfortable and especially useful for elderly travellers. James Leinhardt shared a video on the social media platform TikTok where he showed viewers how to easily create the pillow. He said: “Do not buy this cr*p,” referring to the travel pillows they often sell in airports. In the video, the expert warned viewers against expensive and unnecessary travel pillows which don't “support the 20 muscles and seven tiny vertebrates in your neck”. Instead, he revealed an easy and more supportive alternative for travellers. READ MORE: 'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' This can be easily done by folding up a jumper or towel and wrapping it around the neck. James explained: “If you’re sleeping on a plane, the likelihood is that your head will drop back to the left or right. "The material used in travel pillows sold at airports simply won’t offer any proper support for your neck. "More than likely leaving you waking up with a stiff and sore neck at the end of your flight.  "To properly support your neck, a rolled-up jumper or towel is much firmer and more supportive. "And with airlines tightening their luggage allowances, can save you a lot of space! "Save your money and save your neck,” he said. How can you easily create it before boarding the plane? READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip  James explained: "With the jumper you are going to be coming home with, because it's going to be cold and miserable when you do, fold it and roll it. "Then just rock it around your neck. "Get an elastic band and pin it together." Alternatively, a small towel can also be used which passengers can carry in their cabin bag. But why is it so important to use a travel pillow when flying? Health site Healthandcare explained: "Flying makes you fatigued. "Disturbed sleep patterns and headaches can lead to exhaustion, diarrhoea can lead to dehydration, and mood changes can leave you feeling depressed and with low concentration. "Travel pillows are proven to aid with sleep by helping to support the neck, ensure better posture and by making sleep easier.