It can be tempting to pack as much as possible for a holiday. But there are a few items that cruise guests could leave at home. Some cruise passengers like to pack a pop up laundry hamper to put dirty clothes in while in their cabin. However, others think this is a complete waste of time and recommend guests leave the hamper at home. One person wrote on Reddit: “The pop up hamper was super unnecessary. I just unpack all my clothes and then use my suitcase as a hamper.” Another agreed saying: “I personally think the pop up laundry hamper is a waste of space in the cabin. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares check-in tip - ‘won’t need to queue “I did that last cruise and won’t again, I’ll just bring my usual garbage bag next time. It stores nicely in the closet and is super easy when packing at the end.” A bin bag or carrier bag will easily hold dirty holiday clothes and take up less room in a cruise cabin. While the most expensive cabins on a cruise can be very spacious, cheaper cabins often aren’t very large and a pop up hamper may take up too much space. A guest said: “Consider that you can pay to have laundry service onboards, so if you are on a longer cruise, you can get away with packing a little less and doing laundry halfway through.” Another person said they were a packing minimalist and had several items they’d learned not to pack for a cruise. They said: “Don’t pack more than one pair of jeans. You can rewear jeans at least once or twice before you need to wash them. “Don’t bring clothes that are not mix and match friendly,. That one shirt that only goes well with one pair of trousers? “Please don’t pack it unless you are determined to wear that shirt. Dresses are an exception but this needs to be planned ahead.” READ MORE: Superyacht crew member shares toughest job - 'no from me' A passenger added: “You really don’t need as much as you think you do. First cruise my wife and I packed way too many clothes. “After we got a couple of cruises under our belts that changed. “Take one formal outfit. A few pairs of nice shorts and twice as many T-shirts and tank tops. “Wear flip flops to the airport so you don’t have to pack them.” Another person advised passengers that there was no need to bring their own snorkel gear as it can be rented. Most cruise lines will be able to rent passengers specialist gear for any excursions although it could be expensive. Another passenger said there was no need to bring beach toys or balls for children as the cruise ship had its own. One intrepid guest added: “Don’t bring your rock climbing harness. They make you use the ship’s for liability reasons.” When it comes to a more risky activity the cruise ship will want passengers to use their own equipment for safety reasons.