Cristiano Ronaldo may well be forced to leave Manchester United after becoming a negative presence at the club, according to reports. The Portuguese superstar is said to cut an isolated figure at United who scarcely communicates with his Red Devils team-mates in the club's canteen, and he has continued to outwardly reiterate his desire to depart Old Trafford. Ronaldo rocked United earlier in the summer after informing the club of his intention to depart one year before the expiry of his contract. The 37-year-old is understood to have made clear his desire to compete in the Champions League for a 20th consecutive season - an ambition United cannot fulfil this campaign. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner came off the bench in United's shock 2-1 defeat to Brighton in the club's Premier League opener before playing the full 90 minutes in the humiliating 4-0 loss to Brentford on Saturday. Ronaldo cut a frustrated figure in both and it appears his dejected aura hasn't only been reserved for matchdays. According to BBC Sport, the famed forward is regarded as a negative presence around the club, who rarely engages with peers in the canteen of United's Carrington training complex. Ronaldo is also understood to have made no secret of his desire to depart the club. READ MORE: Man Utd target second 'bad boy' striker as PSG frontman added to Erik ten Hag shortlist So alarming is the situation that United are alleged to have acknowledged that there will likely be no change in the gloomy atmosphere at the club until Ronaldo has been moved on. There is also said to be a belief that both the mood around United and the performances of Erik ten Hag's team on the pitch will significantly improve if the striker is sold, and even if no replacement is acquired. Speaking on Sky Sports on Monday, former United defender Gary Neville expressed his fears over where his old side could finish in the Premier League this season if they opted to sell Ronaldo but neglected to recruit his replacement. He said: "There is a massive decision to make on Ronaldo. READ MORETaylor's Transfers: Everton deal rests on video footage, Arsenal exit, three West Ham bidsMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag "He is obviously not happy, the problem is if they lose him there is nothing left in the goalscoring part of the pitch. I genuinely think if he leaves and they don't bring people in they could finish bottom half of the table." Ronaldo netted 24 goals in 39 appearances after making a sensational return to Old Trafford last summer, but his exploits were only enough to see United scramble to a sixth-placed Premier League finish. On Sunday, the club moved to dismiss reports they were considering terminating the forward's contract if they didn't see a change in his attitude.