Meghan Markle celebrated her 41st birthday earlier this month, and just this week, Princess Beatrice turned 34. Another member of the Royal Family whose birthday is in August is Princess Anne, and she’ll be blowing out 71 candles on her birthday cake tomorrow. Express.co.uk spoke to Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic and astrologer, about these three ladies' star sign; Leo and whether they share the same traits as one. Meghan was born August 4, 1981, Princess Beatrice was born August 8, 1988 and Princess Anne’s birthday is August 15, 1950, making them all Leo. Inbaal said: “Leos are not exactly a subtle sign. They are bright and bold and unapologetic. “If you have met a Leo, you know you met a Leo. Their specific traits are very easy to spot and they make no attempt to hide them. “The ruling planet of the sign of Leo is actually the sun, and so like the sun, Leo is big and very fiery. READ MORE: Queen’s favourite chocolate she likes to ‘indulge’ on late at night “Unsurprisingly, the sign of the Lion is a fire sign, and just like the other fire signs, like Aries and Sagittarius, it is quick to act, sometimes taking action before thinking. “Fire signs are also natural optimists and believe the best about people,” the astrologer added. “They bounce back from any troubles, brush the dust off their shoulders and carry on. “Leos want success for everyone, not just for themselves. DON'T MISS...Aldi recalls popular garden Specialbuy - full details [NEWS]Keep milk fresh for 3 weeks with unusual food storage hack [EXPERT]Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ [VIDEO] “The three royal Leos are all quite different ladies. One born in the 50s and two in the 80s. One born to a regular household and two born into the monarchy. “One whose parents stayed together till death, and two who endured parental divorce at a young age. “And yet they share quite a few qualities that make them unmistakeably Leo,” Inbaal said. “The oldest of the three, Princess Anne, was raised at a time when not all women were afforded the right to be their true selves, and had to conform to certain standards of behaviour. And yet Anne was always independent, and known for her rebellious streak. “Those are very Leo qualities, since Leos write their own script, and don't wait around for society to dictate their path for them. READ MORE: Prince George's 'unique destiny' will 'not phase him' - horoscope “Princess Beatrice, born on the numerologically enviable date of 8/8/88, has the thick red hair associated with the star sign of Leo, especially one born on the 'Lionsgate Portal', a significant date in spiritual circles, meant to signify the peak of Leo season. “Leos don't like to keep secrets, as they are ruled by the sun, and favour clarity and honesty as top qualities, and Beatrice has talked openly about her dyslexia. “She is also an advocate for the promotion of women in leadership in her career, which is very much the Leo way, as Leos want to see everybody succeed,” she continued. “Meghan embodies many of the really literal qualities that Leos are known for. “Her main jobs have been: TV acting, and a working member of the Royal Family. “Public jobs like this, and especially within the monarchy, and within TV world, which is a sort of modern royalty, are very suited to Leos, who don't mind being in the public eye, don't have a shy bone in their bodies, and can take criticism on the chin. “Receiving the President's Award at the NAACP Image Awards for her Public Service and philanthropic contributions would have been a very Leo moment in her life, emphasising her Leonine dedication to the betterment of the lives of others, and being recognised for it,” the expert said.