BBC Weather's Carol Kirkwood also predicted temperatures ranging from 12C to 17C in the North. And 20C to 26C in the South of the country, as temperatures dip after weeks of warm weather. Ms Kirkwood predicted outbreaks of thunderstorms across England and Wales. And due to the ongoing downpour, the Met Office has put out two weather yellow weather warnings out for flash floods.  Ms Kirkwood said: "Rather like yesterday we're looking at scattered thunderstorms, especially so across England and Wales. "Now if you catch one like yesterday there will be some torrential downpours, the risk of some flash flooding, but not all of us will see one. "what's happening is we've got this area of low pressure moving up from the South, and we also have this weather front which is slowly today going to clear Eastern and Southern Scotland. "We are starting with some persistent rain, one or two showers dotted around Northern Ireland. JUST IN: Ukrainian wheat preparing for shipment to Africa along long-awaited grain corridor      Ms Kirkwood added: "And you can see more rain coming in across the South, and this is what is likely to turn thundery throughout the day and become more widespread. "So there goes the rain, from Scotland leaving a fair bit of cloud behind it, the odd shower here and there. "Drying up nicely in Northern Ireland, and then these scattered showers develop across England and Wales. "Now they're not necessarily going to be where you can see them on the map, they could be anywhere, they are hit and miss.  READ MORE: Putin's gravy train to be derailed TODAY... but now EU fury erupts over fresh crisis     "So it's going to feel cool and the temperatures are that bit lower anyway. "12C to 17C is what you can expect in the Northern half of the country, 20C to about 26C as we push further South. "Now through this evening and overnight, we hold on to a lot of the thundery showers, really baning through the course of the night. DON’T MISS: 'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood- US steps toward 'annihilation'[INSIGHT] Nuclear horror: Timeline set for Russia to 'launch strike' if Putin feels like he's losing [REVEAL] Ukraine: Putin rocked by 'multiple' explosions at Russian base - beachgoers stunned [SPOTLIGHT]      Ms Kirkwood added: "To the North, though there will be some clear skies around and still quite windy, especially that wind coming down the North Sea coastline. "Temperatures 9 to 17 degrees, still quite muggy across some Southern areas. "Tomorrow then we start off with some thunderstorms across the South, now through the course of the day what you'll find is, they'll start to retreat towards the South East corner. "There will be quite a bit of cloud tomorrow across much of England and Wales, but dryer across Scotland and Northern Ireland."  READ NEXT 'Huge dirty bomb' Russia warned Zaporizhzhia plant accident would be worse than Fukushima 'Risk of stagflation!' China's economy takes hit amid Covid outbreaks and property crisis Brexit: Truss sent tax ultimatum as UK faces ‘global stitch-up’ over Sunak’s plans 'Notorious for holding grudge' Meghan Markle feud with US A-lister in wedding dress row Kate Middleton and Prince William move family to modest four-bed and forgo live-in nanny    