Major General Chip Chapman said Tuesday’s Ukrainian attack on the air base in Russian-controlled Crimea represented a “crucial” achievement for Ukrainian forces. He explained the strike is an incident Vladimir Putin cannot "propagandise at home”. The Ukrainian attack on the base has been denied by Moscow, which claimed the explosions were detonations of stored ammunition and not the result of any Ukrainian attack. Mr Chapman told Times Radio: “The crucial thing yesterday was the attack on the Saki air base. “That frightened the life out of the Russians because suddenly Ukraine possessed the offensive power to hit anywhere they want in Crimea. “That may include the Kerch Bridge in the Kerch Strait, which would effectively isolate Ukraine and also brings in the naval port of Sebastopol into range. “It’s a real dilemma for Russia, and if they have to make key decisions, they’re about getting major people out. “We’ve seen a lot of the population already fleeing across the Kerch Bridge, that can’t be something which you can propagandise when you get home. “Those strikes have happened and you can’t gain your way out of it, even though they might say that it was an ammunition accident whilst at the same time they are saying red lines have been crossed.” Referring to Crimes and its military and strategical relevance for Ukraine, he explained: “Crimea is crucial because Crimea sort of played to that notion that Putin had sort of gathered it and raised up Russian lands. “That was more virtual and propagandistic than real because to gain Crimea of 2 million people, he really lost Ukraine of 40 million people. READ MORE: Russia EXODUS: Economy crisis over 170,000 vital missing workers “That’s been his real problem since Ukraine wishes to be in the orbit of the West. “Ukraine needs to recover its sovereign identity, how that’s going to be done is still a big question. “But they are certainly on the right track now with the financial, humanitarian, diplomatic, logistical, and military support from the West.” Referring to Putin and Russia’s latest achievements in Ukrainian territory, he pointed out: “Putin made three miscalculations at the start of the war. “The first one was the strength of the Ukrainian nationalism, the second one was the strength of the Russian army and the third one was the notion that there was a decadent West”. DON'T MISS: Australia pulls back over Chinese ambassador’s ‘concerning’ language [WATCH]Liz Truss has crowd laughing with Emmanuel Macron slapdown [LISTEN]Waspi woman outraged as Liz Truss refuses to give pension help [INSIGHT] Russia annexed Crimes from Ukraine in 2014 and since the beginning of the war in February it has been using the Russian-controlled peninsula as a propagandistic launching platform for its invasion. Russia insisted that the explosions recorded on Tuesday at the Russian air base were caused by the detonation of stored ammunition. A Ukrainian official claimed responsibility for the strike on behalf of the country on Wednesday after Kyiv previously suggested the explosions were a consequence of dangerous actions performed by Russians themselves on the base. Following the strike, however, and in his nighty address to the nation President Zelensky mentioned Crimea and said he believed that Ukraine can retake control over the peninsula before the war ends. READ NEXT: Leigh voters FURIOUS over broken Brexit Truss promiseBrexit LIVE: Sneering elites SILENCED by entrepreneur influx 'It's not down to Brexit!' Ferrari shuts down caller over water crisis Row erupts as Bank of England furious with new masterplanMum-of-eight dies at 47 after spending years indoors