The areas under the latest warning consist of Ain, Ardèche, Corrèze, Côte-d'Or, Doubs, Drôme, Gard, Haute-Garonne, Gers, Isère, Jura, Loire, Lot, Lot-et-Garonne, Puy-de-Dôme, Bas-Rhin, Haut-Rhin, Rhône, Haute-Saône, Saône-et-Loire, Savoie, Haute-Savoie, Tarn, Tarn-et-Garonne, Vaucluse and Territoire de Belfort. The heat has already started to take hold in the South of France with the mercury shooting up to 39C. Regions closest to the English Channel are spared the intensity for now, with eastern parts of France facing the strongest UV rays. Indications from one forecaster shows the UK may face the wrath of this new band of heat from next week, as pressure begins to build tomorrow, August 5.      According to senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale, he said next week could hit the early 30s in parts of the country. Speaking to Express.co.uk he added: "It’s going to plan. Early 30s predicted for the south & South East from Tuesday, August 9, onwards. "But there is no sign of  it being any higher as yet. "It's from a spike from the south out of Africa and up from Spain and France again."  The country has already seen devastating wildfires break out spontaneously over the summer as high temperatures exceeding 40C in some instances have been recorded. Just last weekend a blaze broke out in southeastern France, burning 350 hectares in Gard, causing a firefighter to become seriously injured. Another 35 hectares near Marseille were also affected which caused partial motorway closures, reports say. And just last month widespread infernos in Gironde, south west France, raged for days destroying 13,000 hectares and showed no signs of relenting as high winds caused the flames to ravage further, forcing evacuation of 16,200 holidaymakers according to fire service bosses. READ MORE: Wildfire spreads through Spain in suspected arson attack  The Met Office told Express.co.uk that it also expects temperatures to reach at least 32C by the middle of next week. Tom Morgan, a meteorologist at the Met Office said:  “It will still be warm for next week and it is looking like it will start quite dry as we go through the week - but temperatures will slowly rise day-on-day. "It is certainly possible for mid-week - possibly becoming warmer to around 30C to 32C by the end of the week." Speaking on Monday, he added: "It's a bit early at this stage but it does look like some parts of the UK will see a hot spell developing. It doesn’t look like it will be record-breaking but it could well become a hot one - it certainly does look like it is warming up." DON'T MISSRussian military positions obliterated by Ukrainian forces [VIDEO]Putin 'eating handily' into Moscow reserves as Russia on brink [INSIGHT]China's aggression against Taiwan risks war in Asia: 'Pick a side!' [ANALYSIS]  Maps from WX Charts show temperatures are actually due to peak by Thursday, August 11 at around 33C along the south coast. By Friday there is a likelihood of this increasing by one degree to 34C, but this looks as though it is isolated to Kent - the county closest to the continent. The model shows by the weekend temperatures will take another dip to around the mid to low 20s, more in line with that of a typical British summer. In France, maps show hot weather is set to stick around until at least the second week of August.  