The British politician explained how German voters were "not smiling anymore" as their energy policy had been a disaster due to the country relying heavily on Russian gas. Mr Wilson criticised Germany's Government for closing down its nuclear power stations and consequently becoming increasingly dependent on supplies moved through the Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline. He also claimed Germany's energy policy contributed to Vladimir Putin invading Ukraine, and stated that both the people of Germany and Ukraine were now suffering.  Mr Wilson told GB News: "The Germans are not smiling anymore, because of the disastrous changes which they made in their energy policy. "First of all they became more and more reliant on Russia for gas and were quite nonchalant about that. "In fact, I think that the Chancellor at that stage saw it as a positive step in bringing the two countries together and having greater trade relations. "And of course, this was all linked to the policy on climate change and Net Zero where they were wanting to move towards greener energy and of course, we now see a situation where they've closed down most of their nuclear power stations. READMORE: Boris says post-Brexit Britain will bounce back - but he WON'T be in next government    Mr Wilson added: "Where they're relying on other countries which produce power from nuclear, and when they're now in a situation where they're being held hostage by Russia. "And indeed at the time when Donald Trump was giving the warnings, other people were pointing out that given the autocratic nature of Russia, what the Germans were really doing was giving a whip hand to a dictator who would abuse that. "I suspect that their energy policy, a short-sighted energy policy has actually contributed to Putin's ability and willingness to invade Ukraine. "The Ukrainians are suffering as well! As are the German population because of the mistakes that were made." READMORE: Boris says post-Brexit Britain will bounce back - but he WON'T be in next government    NATO-aligned countries have begun boycotting Russian gas at the start of the invasion of Ukraine and started devising policies to put an end to the overall supply from Moscow. But the decision, coming as Europe still recovers from the financial blow of the coronavirus pandemic, has contributed to growing costs and sparked protests. There have been demonstrations in Germany over the energy crisis, with many calling for Chancellor Olaf Scholz to tackle the issue of prices in time for winter. Stephan Kramer, president of the Thuringian State Office for the Protection of the Constitution (LfV), has warned Mr Scholz that he should prepare for more outrage from the German people this coming winter. DON’T MISS: Meghan Markle set to unleash private diary and unveil Royal Family secrets in OWN memoir[INSIGHT]'He’s so excited!' Meghan and Archie share adorable and intimate moment at school gates [REVEAL]Russia delivers energy hammer blow to EU as it SWITCHES OFF gas supplies to Germany [SPOTLIGHT]  Mr Kramer told The Times: “Right now we have a very particular cluster of forces this autumn. We have a population that is very, very tense after the pandemic, who still have a lot of rage in their bellies.