 Brian May and Roger Taylor are two of the three surviving members of legendary British rock band Queen and helped to bring the equally iconic film Bohemian Rhapsody to life. In a behind-the-scenes interview, guitarist May revealed that the project had been in the works for a decade, with a bit of doubt on their side as to whether it should be made at all.   In the interview with Flicks and the City Clips, May, 75, revealed that people had been suggesting the idea of a film documenting frontman Freddie Mercury’s incredible life and the story of the band for years. However, he noted: “We were a little reluctant in the beginning because it’s difficult to make a film that would do Freddie justice.” Regardless, people kept recommending they create a film and eventually the surviving band members realised if they didn’t do it “somebody else would”. May was concerned they “wouldn’t be able to protect Freddie’s legacy” if they were not involved with any media documenting him and so decided to submit to the recommendations. With the actual band members on board and driving the idea of a Queen film, it should have been quick and easy to get the project underway. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package ‘Not going to touch the sides!’  But guitarist May revealed the reality couldn’t be further from this as they spent 10 years “talking to people, trying to get things ready”. Queen drummer Taylor added that while most people saw Mercury mostly as a “flamboyant” character, the essence of what made him great was elsewhere and had to be highlighted in the film. He added that people “tend to forget that he was a brilliant musician”, with May adding that they hoped to “portray him as a human being” too. Mercury is still regarded as one of the greatest singers in the history of rock music more than three decades after his tragic death. Taylor reminisced about his friend and colleague: “He was an artist, he appreciated beauty and he loved the ballet. He loved opera and ballet and rock’n’roll and Jimi Hendrix and Aretha Franklin. Anything that was really truly great.  “He understood serious talent.” With such an iconic character to portray both as the recognisable rockstar and the human being the band members wanted, it would require an incredible actor to come on board. Enter Rami Malek, an American who was just 10 when Mercury died, who managed to blow away the band members in their first ever meeting. May recalled: “We kind of saw Freddie in him and we could sense his passion and everything was put together around that I guess.” The guitarist was filled with praise for the actor, admiring how Malek portrays “Freddie’s great power” along with “the vulnerability of Freddie, of which there was a lot”.    h ttps:/showbiz/tv-radio/1659199/Emmerdale-Kerry-Wyatt-exit-Chas-Al-affair  Fans were equally astounded with the likeness of the rest of the cast, with Gwilym Lee acting as May, Ben Hardy as Taylor and Joseph Mazzello as Queen’s bassist John Deacon. Taylor noted the uncanny feeling was not just exclusive to fans, as the band members would often confuse their actors with themselves after watching the film a few times. He comically shared: “After a couple of viewings you start to completely believe ‘Ah that was us!’ No it’s not, it’s other people.” May added: “I find myself looking at the edits working on the film, I do kind of believe he is me. I think ‘Oh what have I done there? Oh no it’s him’. “It even suspends our disbelief really.”  At the 2018 London premiere of Bohemian Rhapsody, Taylor explained the film to The Upcoming as: “Rags to riches, triumph to tragedy and back.” While the film had somewhat disappointing reviews from critics, it became a record-setter at the global box office. It set the record for not just the highest-grossing biographical film of all time, but also the highest-grossing LGBT film. Due to the unprecedented success of the film May noted in 2021 that they were “looking at ideas” for a potential sequel. Bohemian Rhapsody airs tonight on Channel 4 Film at 9pm.