Neil Jones, 40, was spotted in Paris enjoying a getaway amid his search for new love two years after the end of his relationship with Luisa Eusse. He was spotted holding hands with Love Island star Chyna Mills, 23, as they appeared loved up together. An onlooker and source explained that the pair appeared “relaxed” in each other’s company. The source wrote: “Neil and Chyna looked very loved up and completely relaxed in one another’s company. “Paris is the perfect city for a romantic weekend and they both looked delighted to be there." READ MORE: TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son  They added that Neil wanted to “do something special” due to the fact it was a new relationship and their time would be constrained after the next season of Strictly commenced on BBC. The star’s relationship with South American dancer Luisa ended two years ago. Chyna, meanwhile, has recently enjoyed a short stint on Love Island, where she was unable to find her ideal partner after entering through Casa Amor. At the time, she was paired up with Jay Younger, but due to a lack of spark, Chyna was forced to fly home. Rumours sparked that she became close with Neil Jones after the pair were spotted leaving the Reality TV Awards in Chelsea. The 40-year-old’s love life first hit a major snag when his marriage was at the centre of the “Strictly curse”. He married pro dancer Katya Jones in 2013, but they announced their split in 2019. Their union collapsed after months of scrutiny following Katya’s scandalous kiss with her then Strictly dance partner Seann Walsh. READ MORE... Amanda Holden 51 oozes sex appeal as she steps out of ocean in bikini [PIC] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [NEWS] 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT] In October 2018, Katya was seen kissing Seann, and were forced to appear on spin-off show, It Takes Two, to explain their actions. She said on the show at the time: “Yes obviously I apologise, and I can't apologise enough to everyone who it hurt and involved. "But, the main thing, me and Neil are absolutely fine and that’s what matters to me the most right now and focusing on my job and doing it as professionally I can." Despite staying together for some time after the scandal, they decided in 2019 to call it quits. The pair insisted their split had nothing to do with the kiss-gate scandal. In a joint Instagram statement they said: “As our fans and loyal supporters you are really important to us and so we wanted to let you know some news. "After 11 years, we have made the mutual decision to separate. "We will always love each other, just in a different way as friends. This will never change what a great team we make and we are really proud of everything we have achieved together. "Our shared love of dance means we will keep working and dancing together as well as exploring individual projects. No matter what we do we will always support and respect each other.”