Seven cities have been announced on the shortlist for the UK-held Eurovision Song Contest in 2023. The BBC has confirmed they will host the worldwide music competition on the behalf of this year’s winners, Ukraine, but some fans weren’t happy when the capital was omitted from the official list of potential venues. The official shortlist for Eurovision 2023’s host city is finally here. One of seven cities could be hosting the biggest music competition in the world next year. Birmingham, Glasgow, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle and Sheffield are all in the running. While fans with Northern connections were thrilled by the news, many more were confused about why London was left out of the running. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star @TellerMarie tweeted: “Incredibly disappointed that London is not in the shortlist… looks like I won’t be going then. Such a letdown.” @liampadams said: “It's all up North. Nothing is ever near the South West.” Baffled fan @tomtomato99_ asked: “How is London not there? “Most Ukrainian refugees are here and it's by far the most diverse city in the UK, two things that are apparently important to Eurovision.”  And Gavin Stamp said: “This will annoy a lot of people but I think it’s unfair and a bit perverse to exclude London from Eurovision ‘23 bid on political grounds. “Good luck to whoever wins - I’m rooting for Glasgow - but excluding your number one global export from a global competition is a little odd.” However, other Eurovision enthusiasts were glad other cities are being given a chance to prove themselves worthy of the contest next year. Birmingham was the last UK city to hold the competition in 1998, following Harrogate, Brighton and Edinburgh. DON'T MISS:Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview [VIDEO]The Blacklist season 10: Red rocked by return from the past [LATEST]SEAL Team’s Lisa Davis star sparks frenzy with Blackburn reunion [INSIGHT] London has hosted the competition four times, although Eurovision hasn’t come to the capital for nearly five decades. @Ginger_Canary wrote: “I’m glad to see that the EBU & the BBC have decided to host the contest outside of London. “Would love to see Liverpool or Birmingham host it, but I’m expecting it to be either Glasgow or Manchester.” And Darren Pickering argued: “Really happy London is not on this list. “We have great venues throughout the regions that can match that of the Capital.” In a statement, the BBC's director of unscripted content Kate Phillips said: “We would like to thank all of the cities and regions that submitted bids to host next year's Eurovision Song Contest. We have seven fantastic cities who we are taking through to the next round. “Congratulations to Birmingham, Glasgow, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle and Sheffield - it's exciting to see such a breadth of bids going through from across the UK. “We are committed to delivering a truly unique Song Contest that celebrates wonderful Ukraine and champions British music and creativity in all its diversity.”