Cruising icon Jane McDonald catapulted to fame in 1998 when she appeared on BBC's The Cruise. Her travel show, Cruising With Jane McDonald, is much loved by British TV watchers. In conversation with Lorraine Kelly, the cruise icon shared her favourite thing about cruising that she has learnt while filming. She stated: "You know, it's the people who I've met along the way that have made the show." Rather than taking a script on board, all of Jane's interactions on TV are organic. The relationships and connections she has made while travelling the seven seas have been authentic. READ MORE: 'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' She continued: "I said, 'Please don't give me a script, just bring the camera and we'll make it up. "And basically that's what it did, and it couldn't have turned out better." But this tip isn't just true when it comes to filming a show about cruising. Those setting sail this summer can expect to make a hugely diverse range of friends on board. It is difficult to get bored on a cruise ship, filled with amenities and luxuries we simply are not used to at home. However, while the evening entertainment, cookery classes, swimming pools, destination-related activities and delicious food are all wonderful, none of these is the best thing about cruise holidays. "It is the people you meet on a cruise ship that make it really," Jane believes. She went on to describe cruising as an "absolute joy". READ MORE: Jane McDonald drops 4st by giving up one thing and feels 'fantastic' Guests must jump at the chance to try different activities on a cruise, as this is one of the easiest ways to connect with others. In one episode of Cruising with Jane McDonald, Jane gave us a glimpse into her dream cabin. On board the Maria Theresa, the cruiser settled into a "luxurious" and "beautiful" room with plenty of amenities. The cabin was equipped with a huge "comfortable" bed. It also boasted some luxury toiletries from the opulent brand Hermès. The underfloor heating was perfect for those chilly nights at sea. A dressing table even boasted a bouquet and a bottle of alcohol. Jane said: "It's as if they've just got into my head and said, 'Let's just make a room for Jane'."