Brighton aimed a cheeky dig at Manchester United after beating Erik ten Hag’s side on the opening weekend of the new Premier League season. Graham Potter’s side comfortably saw off the Red Devils, securing their first victory at Old Trafford in the club’s history. Pascal Gross scored a brace in the first half to give the Seagulls a healthy victory heading into the half-time break. Though Brighton were forced to hold on in the closing stages after a series of errors from a set-piece saw Alexis Mac Allister knock the ball into his own net. Some boos echoed around the Theatre of Dreams as the full-time whistle sounded, which would have provided Ten Hag with a reminder of the expectations that his arrival carries. Though Brighton were quick to rub salt into the wounds of United on social media. Their official account tweeted: “Just like Brighton, your city is blue,” alongside some music note emojis – pointing at the dominance of their arch-rivals Manchester City. The tweet raked up over 60,000 likes overall, with 15,000 accounts retweeting the message within the first hour it was uploaded. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Though Brighton didn’t stop there with their shots at United, targeting a succinct message at club legend Gary Neville. The former right-back has become known for posting images of himself enjoying a glass of red wine when one of the Red Devils’ rivals are losing, so the Seagulls poked fun at that by tweeting a glass of wine emoji. Ten Hag will be hoping that his opening day defeat will prove that he needs to be backed further in the closing stages of the transfer window, with a midfielder still high on the former Ajax boss’ shopping list. Speaking to Sky Sports after the game, Roy Keane said: “I’ve said it for a long time - Fred and (Scott) McTominay are not good enough. They won’t get Man United back competing at the top, we see it week in, week out - not up to it. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join “They had to gamble in the second half and Eriksen is probably in his position when he drops back and he’s picking up people but too little too late. There’s huge issues there and that’s what we’re talking about, a rebuilding job, he needs time. A bad start from today, give the man a chance. “Give the man money, he needs to recruit, he mentioned before the game about culture, there’s issues at the top - there was more protests at the club from the supporters today. So big, big problems at United.”