Peace lilies are stunning houseplants and are common in households across the UK. However, in order for plant owners to get the most out of their peace lily, they need the correct care as it is quite challenging to get a peace lily to grow new flowers once the original ones fall off or start to yellow. Luckily, indoor plant experts at Blooming Backyard have shared essential care tips to avoid some of the most common peace lily issues. Gardening expert Madison Moulton at Blooming Backyard explained: “As intricate as they look, they’re wonderful plants for beginner gardeners. “[Peace lilies] thrive in low light conditions, needing very little fuss to flourish in your garden or on your window sills. “Unfortunately, peace lilies’ easy-going nature doesn’t mean you won’t face any issues. You could struggle with wilting or browning leaves. “But, the most prominent problem is the strange phenomenon of yellowing leaves.” Yellow peace lily leaves occur for several reasons, ruining the famed elegant, tropical look of the plant. Luckily, fixing yellowing peace lilies isn’t a difficult task, and gardeners can nurse their plant back to health in no time with these tips. The experts highlighted that temperature is vital to avoid these houseplant varieties turning yellow. READ MORE: ‘Easiest way’ to ensure crops grow ‘significantly’ better in gardens Madison said: “Extreme temperature fluctuations can stress your peace lilies out, causing their leaves to turn yellow. “Temperatures that dip below the optimal range for tropical plants are another stressor that can affect the colour of peace lily leaves. “Peace lilies thrive in jungle-like environments, so they love warm, muggy weather. “The optimal temperature range for peace lilies is between 18 and 29 degrees – one of the reasons why they make such great indoor plants.” When temperatures dip below 18 degrees, it could cause yellowing. The plant expert added: “Extreme heat can also have the same negative effects, usually accompanied by wilting.” DON'T MISS: ‘Remove’ these four items from your home to make rooms ‘feel larger’ [EXPERT]Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [INSIGHT]House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ [TIPS] As a solution, Madison recommended placing a thermometer next to the plant to indicate whether the temperature is causing the yellow leaf issue. She also advised: “Place your peace lily in the warmest room of your house, especially in winter. “Keep the pot away from the windows as it can get extremely cold near glass, and avoid direct sunlight to prevent overheating.” Those who live in colder climates, keep peace lilies indoors or in a pot to be moved between indoors and out to manage temperature drops. Lighting is another main cause of yellow peace lily leaves. These houseplants love light, but too much direct sunlight can scorch leaves, making them dry out and take on a pale yellow hue. READ MORE: 40p cleaning item to ‘easily’ banish kitchen grease - makes home ‘s... However, the expert warned: “Too little light could be a critical factor. If your plant doesn’t get sufficient light, it’ll struggle to photosynthesise, which can lead to yellow leaves.” As the peace lily is typically the number one recommended “low-light” houseplant, this is usually the main culprit. Peace lilies are naturally found on jungle floors, flourishing in the sunlight filtered by trees overhead. To mimic these conditions indoors, it is suggested to "place your potted peace lilies ideally by an east-facing window, or in a bright corner that receives indirect sunlight throughout the day". Although these plants like plenty of water and a bit of humidity, if watering too much, gardeners may find themselves surrounded by yellowing leaves. Maddison said: “Too much water or bad drainage can cause pooling around the roots of your peace lilies. “This causes root rot, which prevents the roots from taking up water and nutrients, ultimately causing the leaves to turn yellow. This fix is an “easy one”, according to the expert – learn the needs of your peace lily and adjust your watering habits accordingly. She instructed: “You should water your peace lilies when the top layer of soil is dry. “A good deep watering every week or two is usually perfect for a healthy peace lily, depending on your indoor growing conditions.” If you’ve adjusted your watering but notice that the plant is still struggling with yellow leaves, there might not be sufficient drainage. Also make sure to get rid of any excess water around the base of the pot, especially if it’s placed on a pot saucer.