As Head of State, the Queen must remain in a strictly neutral position with respect to all political matters. Speaking in a new royal documentary all about the Windsors, The Guardian's investigative reporter Rob Evans claims that, despite the need for a neutral political stance, he believes that there is a "loophole" used by the monarchy, whereby they can "ask for things to be changed". Speaking in Channel 4's new documentary 'The Real Windsors', Mr Evans said: "One of the main aims of the Queen is A [to] preserve the monarchy but B, also [to] preserve their wealth, their position, their privileges. "If they believe that a privilege is being taken away, they will go and lobby the government and say 'we don't like this. "They will ask for things to be changed." The documentary claimed that "for years" Mr Evans has been investigating into the "obscure parliamentary tradion called [the] Queen's Consent". READ MORE: Rug pulled from under Prince Harry as THREE new bombshells to upstage Duke of Sussex It states that this gives the Queen the right to "veto" any parimentary if it may personally affect her, or her family. "The Queen is specifically told how that draft bill affects her position, and her wealth, and her private estates. "She is being asked 'do you consent to this'". He added: "If she doesn't give consent to these bills, then that bill, that act, cannot be passed into law." READ MORE: Danish royals to take children out of school amid bullying scandal and 'culture of abuse' The documentary claimed that Buckingham Palace "insists" that the Queen's "right to see laws at [the] draft stage, is purely a formal procedure", and is "not used to change them." The Queen is currently at Balmoral Castle, which has been the Royal Family's summer home since it was bought in 1852 for Queen Victoria, by Prince Albert. DON'T MISS Next month, she is set to interrupt her break with a return to the UK to welcome in the new Prime Minister. As Head of State, it is an important constitutional role, that the Queen gives her permission to the new Prime Minister to lead the new Government in her name. READ NEXT: