Warner Bros' merger with Discovery into Warner Bros Discovery earlier this year came with new boss David Zaslav who is implementing a radical new strategy at the company. The studio will be permanently shelving the basically completed Batgirl movie and animated feature SCOOB! Holiday Haunt, taking a tax break rather than spending more money on the HBO Max films in marketing them. One rival studio executive responded to the news by anonymously saying: “Worked in this town for three decades and this is some unprecedented s*** right here.” And now another movie on Warner Bros' upcoming slate, a $200 million DC blockbuster set for release in cinemas, could be getting the chop too. The Flash stars Justice League’s Ezra Miller reprising the title role in a multiverse movie co-starring Michael Keaton as Batman – the latter was also set to appear in the now scrapped Batgirl. In recent months, Miller has made headlines after various arrests and the latest is that the star has been charged with a felony burglary. Meanwhile, Vermont child services are attempting to locate a mother and three children who have allegedly been staying at Miller’s farm in that state. With all the controversy surrounding The Flash star, The Hollywood Reporter’s source says there are three possible scenarios being considered at Warner Bros over the film’s fate. The first is that the studio have received indications that the 29-year-old actor, who is currently being accompanied by his mother, will seek professional help. Assuming this goes well, Miller could then give an interview explaining recent behaviour. READ MORE: Superman star Christopher Reeve 'returning' in The Flash If all that goes to plan, Miller could then do limited press for The Flash, with the movie releasing as planned on June 23, 2023, in cinemas. The second scenario is that even if the actor doesn’t seek help, Warner Bros could still release the film, but without much marketing or publicity from the DC lead. Going forwards in this situation, Miller would be recast in future movies involving The Flash. However, the third option, the worst-case scenario, would see Warner Bros permanently shelving The Flash like Batgirl and SCOOB!: Holiday Haunt. DON'T MISSEzra Miller ‘needs our empathy not our judgement’ [EZRA MILLER]Henry Cavill Superman ‘returning for cameo in The Flash movie’ [SUPERMAN]Joker 2 'hiring Lady Gaga' to play Harley Quinn in musical sequel [JOKER 2] This third scenario is if things with Miller’s situation go from bad to worse. After all, The Flash could not be reshot as the star plays multiple characters and is pretty much in every scene of the movie. The outlet pointed out that scrapping a $200 million movie like this would be “an unprecedented move.” For now, though, The Flash remains set for release in cinemas on June 23, 2023. SOURCE