Bullet Train has left the station as the Brad Pitt action comedy hits cinemas today with mixed reviews. The Oscar-winner leads an impressive ensemble cast with the likes of Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Joey King, Brian Tyree Henry, Hiroyuki Sanada, Zazie Beetz and Michael Shannon. And joining them are some impressive A-list cameos returning favours to the lead for his ones in their movies. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD. The most prominent cameo is Sandra Bullock as Maria Beetle, the contact and handler of Pitt’s Ladybug. Throughout the movie, she gives him instructions over the phone to locate a briefcase on a Japanese bullet train. We only see her in person at the end of the movie and according to the lead, they had agreed to cameo in each other’s movies. Earlier this year, Bullock starred in adventure comedy, The Lost City, with Pitt briefly playing Jack Trainer, a human tracker and action man. Speaking with Empire, Pitt shared how Bullock was a last-minute addition to Bullet Train after Lady Gaga had to pull out due to her scheduling issues with House of Gucci. The 58-year-old said: “Sandy has been a great friend for many, many years, in the sense that if I ever called her up for a favour, she is there in a second.” During a charity event in New Orleans, the two movie stars came up with the plan to cameo in each other’s movies. He added: “I like this idea of cross-pollinating each other’s projects – kinda like in the olden days.” Interestingly, both shared an Easter egg in their individual cameos. READ MORE: 'An angel!' Brad Pitt gushes over relationship with Sandra Bullock 1648849 Pitt revealed: “This is something that no-one will ever see. She had a scar across her neck in [Bullet Train]. I use that same scar and put it on my neck in her film. It’s a fun trade-off that only we will really be aware of.” Joining Bullock in a Bullet Train cameo was her Lost City co-star Channing Tatum, who plays a passenger confused into thinking Ladybug is offering him sexual advances. If that wasn’t enough, there was a split-second cameo from Ryan Reynolds as an assassin that Shannon’s villain White Death mistakes Pitt’s character for. DON'T MISSBrad Pitt, 58, puts on playful display at Bullet Train premiere [BRAD PITT]Warner Bros CANCEL two completed movie releases costing $130 million [WARNER BROS]Next James Bond odds slashed on star gaining on Tom Hardy and more [NEXT BOND] It feels like this is the return of a favour as Pitt did a momentary cameo for Reynolds in Deadpool 2, also directed by Bullet Train’s David Leitch – who funnily enough was Tyler Durden’s stunt double in Fight Club. In the superhero movie, the Oscar winner was the visible embodiment of an invisible character called The Vanisher, just as he dies from an electric shock. Bullet Train is out now in cinemas.