Several groups have warned that disposable BBQs have the potential to start out-of-control wildfires which could "devastate" wildlife. The popular devices are often used during picnics or on beaches as an easy way to have a BBQ without much of the hassle of using a traditional grill. Wildfire risk in the UK is soaring. The Met Office fire severity index for much of the country has been raised to "exceptional" over the weekend. However, the vast majority of wildfires in the UK are started by humans, usually accidentally. Kent Wildlife Trust Director of Conservation Paul Hadaway told Express.co.uk that several devastating fires across the country have been "directly attributable" to disposable BBQs. He said: "In respect of banning BBQs, we fully support a ban, a significant number of the hugely damaging wildfires we've seen across the country in recent weeks are directly attributable to disposable BBQs. "They have caused tens of thousands of pounds of damage to crops, destroying hundreds of acres of habitat and killing wildlife."  He said that the trust "fully supports" retailers, such as M&S, Tesco and Sansbury's, who have refused to sell the item noting that the impact they can have on nature can be "devastating". He urged the public: "Please do not have BBQs, discard lit cigarettes out of a car window or whilst walking, follow the countryside code and discard bottles responsibly as glass can trigger a fire." Scientists have also noted that disposable BBQs are the cause of several wildfires. Professor Nigel Arnell, a Professor of Meteorology at the University of Reading, told Express.co.uk that most wildfires are started by people and that banning the BBQs would "help". He said: "Almost all wildfires in the UK are the result of some human action -usually accidental - so one obvious thing to do is restrict access to vulnerable areas of land (e.g. moorland close to urban areas) when fire danger is high. Banning disposable barbecues would help." READ MORE: Russia suffers biggest aircraft loss 'since Second World War'  Brian Bleese, the chief executive of Dorset Wildlife Trust, previously told Express.co.uk that the group was urging shops to quit selling the item. Speaking following a large heathland fire in Dorset, Mr Bleese said: "Heathland fires like these are always caused either deliberately or by neglect. "Disposable BBQs are a common cause and we have been working with partners to persuade, with limited success, local shops and supermarkets to stop selling them in high fire risk areas." The comments come amid wider calls for a ban on disposable BBQs. Some large supermarket chains, including M&S, Aldi and Waitrose, have already said they would stop stocking them. London Fire Brigade has also called for a ban on the devices. London's Fire Commissioner Andy Roe called for "urgent action" to be taken, including a "nationwide" ban on disposable BBQs. DON'T MISS:Debbie McGee hits back over Strictly snub as BBC colleague apologises [INSIGHT]Putin's gravy train to be derailed TODAY... but now EU fury erupts [ANALYSIS]Kent police swoop in as 'serious incident declared' [REPORT]  He said: "Despite our grass fire warnings, we’ve still seen some people behaving carelessly and recklessly." He added: "We need urgent action now to see a national ban on the sale of disposable barbecues. They can be bought for as little as five pounds and can cause untold damage, especially when the grass is as dry as it has been over the last few weeks." A petition on change.org calling for a ban on the devices in open countryside and moorland had received more than 72,000 signatures as of Friday, August 12. The news comes as the UK is in the midst of another heatwave, following the driest July in more than 20 years. The Met Office has issued an Amber warning for extreme heat for parts of the country until midnight on Sunday, August 14. 