Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a disability benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is designed to help those with a long-term disability or health issue with the extra financial costs that arise from having their condition. While recipients of PIP are able to get up to £628 support a month, they risk losing this amount if they fail to update the DWP on changes in their circumstances. This is because their eligibility for the benefit payment could be affected by certain life events. Examples of life changes which need to be reported to the DWP include if someone’s personal details need to be updated, which includes their name, address or doctor’s information. The DWP also expects PIP claimants to inform them if their disability or health condition gets better or worsens as the amount of money they get could change. Anyone who has been told by their doctor they only have six months should also inform the Government department. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out People who have spent an extended period of time in a hospital or care home must tell the DWP. PIP recipients who have spent time in prison or detention should also tell the department as this counts as a life change. Those who get PIP who are not British citizens need to inform the DWP of any changes to their immigration status. Updates to someone's circumstances can be made to the Government via the PIP helpline by calling 0800 121 4433. It should be noted that it is possible to call the DWP on someone’s behalf in regards to their PIP claim if their disability or condition has worsened. As a benefit payment, PIP is separated into a daily living component and mobility component. The latter pays for travelling expenses while the former goes towards paying for the majority of costs that come from someone’s disability or condition. Both are paid at either a higher or lower rate which are awarded depending on the severity of someone’s condition. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  It is possible for a claimant to be in receipt of both the daily living and mobility components of PIP. If someone were to claim both the higher rates of each PIP component, they would get £627.60 a month. For the daily living component of PIP, the lower weekly rate was recently raised to £61.85 and the higher rate went up to £92.40. The benefit payment’s mobility component is currently at £24.45 for the weekly lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. On its website, the Government outlines why benefit claimants need to report changes to their circumstances to the DWP. It states: “You need to report changes to your circumstances so you keep getting the right amount of benefits. “Your claim might be stopped or reduced if you do not report a change straight away or you give incorrect information. “If you do not report a change or a mistake, you might be paid too much. If you are, you might have to pay some of the money back. You might also have to pay a £50 penalty.”