Manchester United have reacted to Chelsea’s interest in Frenkie de Jong by choosing to be patient, according to reports. The Netherlands international’s future at Barcelona remains up in the air, with the La Liga giants trying to force their No 21 into taking a pay cut. And it appears the saga is finally nearing it’s end, after weeks and months of intense speculation. Upon hiring Erik ten Hag as their new manager, Manchester United swiftly identified De Jong as their No 1 transfer target. But though they’ve spent nearly three months working on a deal for the 25-year-old, a move to Old Trafford remains shrouded in uncertainty. In recent days, Chelsea have registered their interest in the player. With Champions League football to offer, the Blues believe there’s a deal to be done. And though the Blues are ready to agree a fee with Barcelona, and cover the La Liga giants’ owed wages to De Jong, 90min claim United are willing to be patient. It’s said they’ve reacted to Chelsea’s interest by opting to wait and see how Barcelona deal with their squad registration issue. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything The Catalan giants are due to begin their La Liga campaign with a match against Rayo Vallecano on Saturday (8pm). And, ahead of that showdown, they’re struggling to register their new recruits. It’s been a busy summer for Barcelona, who have spent big on the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde and Raphinha this summer. They’ve also landed Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie, who have left Chelsea and AC Milan respectively to move to the club. But with Barcelona in a tricky situation, they’re yet to register any of their new reinforcements in time for their opening La Liga game. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already If that remains the case, that will boost United’s chances of bringing De Jong to Old Trafford. And while there have been suggestions they’re prepared to walk away from a deal for the Netherlands international, that doesn’t appear to be the case. If United do miss out on De Jong, however, it will be a substantial blow. And it will certainly be compared to their failed pursuit of Cesc Fabregas back in the summer transfer window of 2013, shortly after Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. David Moyes believed he could bring Fabregas back to England, with the Spain international struggling to get regular game time in Catalonia. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United spent weeks pursuing a deal, turning down Thiago Alcantara in the belief they’d be able to secure Fabregas’ signature. However, that didn’t happen with the former Arsenal star ultimately staying put before proceeding to join Chelsea 12 months later. Meanwhile, former Tottenham and Leeds star Paul Robinson thinks Barcelona must cough up the money they owe De Jong despite their reluctance to fork out the full amount. The player is owed roughly £17m undeterred wages after agreeing to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020. And Robinson said: “De Jong is not going anywhere until he gets his money from Barcelona. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He has deferred his wages to help the club through a difficult financial situation. “I can’t believe they have then gone out and given big contracts to Raphinha, [Jules] Kounde and [Robert] Lewandowski when they still owe him. “Until that situation is resolved, I cannot see De Jong going to Chelsea or United. “His personal situation at Barca needs to be sorted out. He is owed X amount by a club that is buying Raphinha and Lewandowski. “It has been portrayed in the media that he perhaps does not want to go to Man United. I don’t think he will want to go anywhere until he is paid what he is owed by Barcelona.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here