Emma Raducanu has reportedly clarified that her controversial partnership with Russian coach Dmitry Tursunov is only on a trial basis. The Brit was urged by Labour politician Chris Bryant to reconsider her decision for fear of Russia using the link-up as propaganda. Raducanu split with previous coach Torben Beltz back in April, ending a partnership that lasted just five months. That left the youngster searching for her fourth coach in less than a year and she is yet to find a permanent solution since her and Beltz parted ways. She went into Wimbledon supported by Jane O'Donoghue, who played a large part in her youth tennis career. While she was overpowered by Caroline Garcia in the second round, she still put on a show against Alison van Uytvanck on Centre Court to kick off the tournament with a straight-sets win. With SW19 in the rear-view mirror, Raducanu has called on the services of Tursunov. The 39-year-old enjoyed a solid playing career and has previously coached world No 2 Anett Kontaveit. DON'T MISS: Andy Murray pledge made by Citi Open chief after Brit's prize money gesture inspired him Tennis journalist Ben Rothenberg claims that Raducanu and Tursunov are only working together on a trial basis, however. The Russian supposedly has pre-existing commitments for the National Bank Open in Toronto next week where Raducanu is due to compete. If the pair gel and the trial is successful, Tursunov could lead the teenager into a hotly-anticipated US Open title defence. Last year she became the first ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam, coming through all three qualifying rounds and seven main draw matches without dropping a set. It remains to be seen if the negative reaction to her link-up with Tursunov is enough to put the brakes on their new partnership. Labour MP Chris Bryant publicly called for Raducanu to reconsider the move and his fears were subsequently confirmed when Russian state TV drew attention to the ordeal. The Citi Open, National Bank Open and Western & Southern Open are all pencilled in before Raducanu returns to Flushing Meadows and attempts to defend her title at the end of August. While the youngster is yet to find the kind of form that led her to a shock victory almost 12 months ago, she batted away any notions of pressure in a recent interview with the Evening Standard. "I am 19 years old and yes I have had attention, but I am a slam champion, so no one’s going to take that away from me," she insisted. "If anything, the pressure’s on those who haven’t done that. "I really like to win. I love the fight. When things get tough, keep getting yourself back up. Keep persevering. Each time you do, it teaches you a lesson and you accumulate experience. Then you can grow a big bank of knowledge that you can tap into."