A devastated Hollie Dance confirmed her "beautiful little boy" had lost his battle for life at 12.15pm yesterday. Speaking through tears outside the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel, east London, she said Archie had "fought right until the very end".  The 12-year-old had been in a coma for four months since being found unconscious by his mother at the family home in Southend, Essex, on April 7. Hollie believes her son, a keen boxer and gymnast, had been taking part in a dangerous game which is thought to have already claimed the lives of two youngsters. Doctors declared Archie "brainstem dead" after MRI scans revealed severe injuries caused by a lack of blood and oxygen supply. That diagnosis promoted a lengthy but ultimately failed legal battle by his family to continue his life support treatment in the hope he would recover. He was being kept alive by a combination of medical interventions, including ventilation and drug treatments. But Hollie and Archie's father, Paul Battersbee, refused to give up hope as they fought to stop the withdrawal of treatment. When those bids failed, they made applications to the High Court, Court of Appeal and European Court of Human Rights to have him transferred to a hospice to die. But after the couple were refused permission, with the High Court ruling he was too unstable to be transported by ambulance - and having run out of legal options - the schoolboy's life support was switched off at 10am yesterday. As she announced her son's death, Hollie said: "Can I just say, I'm the proudest mum in the world. "He was such a beautiful little boy and he fought right until the very end, and I am so proud to be his mum."  In an interview on Friday after being told Archie's life support would be switched off, she said she was "pretty broken" and that the day had been "absolutely awful". Hollie said: "The last however many weeks since April 7, I don't think there's been a day that hasn't been awful, really." The heartbroken mum added: "It's been really hard. Despite the hard strong face and appearance obviously in front of the cameras up until now, I've been pretty broken." Asked if there was anything more she could do, she said: "No. I've done everything I promised my little boy I'd do. And I've done it." Supporters of the family brought flowers to the hospital yesterday morning just before Archie died. Candles flickered in the shape of the letter "A" and also formed a love heart around a card with his name in a makeshift tribute at a statue in front of the Royal London. It was created by passers-by who said they wanted to show their support for the family. Shelley Elias, 43, said she had come to the hospital because "I wanted his mum Hollie and the family to know I was thinking of them". Mrs Elias, a mother of two from Stepney, east London, who said she vaguely knew Archie's mother, brought flowers, a card and some candles. She added: "I did not know what to write because there are no words that will take the pain away. My boy is 12, the same age as Archie, and this just puts things in perspective. When things like this happen, you just think, 'I have nothing to moan about in life'."  Andrea Williams, chief executive of the Christian Legal Centre, which has been supporting the family's long battle to continue treatment, said: "Our thoughts, prayers and support are with Archie's family at this tragic moment. "We will continue to support the family, as we have done throughout, ever since they came to us after being issued with last-minute legal proceedings to remove life support from Archie. "We are thankful for the widespread public support for Archie and his family. It has been a privilege to stand alongside them." " She added: "The events of the last few weeks raise many signficant issues including questions of how death is defined, how those decisions are made and the place of the family. No one wants to see other families experience what they have been through. We need to see urgent review and reform of the system." In a High Court ruling on Friday, Mrs Justice Theis concluded it was not in Archie's best interests to be moved to a hospice and the Court of Appeal rejected permission to appeal that decision. Advocacy group Christian Concern said the family had wanted to challenge the High Court ruling by arguing there had been a violation of articles six and eight of the European Convention on Human Rights. Article six is the right to a fair trial and article eight is the right to respect for private and family life.  A spokesman for the European Court of Human Rights said it had received a request under Rule 39, which allows it to apply "interim measures" in "exceptional" cases, but the complaints "fell outside the scope" of that rule, and so it would not intervene. The Court of Appeal judges said Mrs Justice Theis's ruling in the High Court dealt "comprehensively with each of the points raised on behalf of the parents". They said they had "reached the clear conclusion that each of her decisions was right for the reasons she gave". The judges added: "It follows the proposed appeal has no prospect of success and there is no other compelling reason for the Court of Appeal to hear an appeal." " In a statement after Archie's death, Barts Health NHS Trust said: "Members of his family were present at the bedside and our thoughts and heartfelt condolences remain with them at this dificult time."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Processes to allow desperate families to reach informed medical decisions without having to resort to the courts must be found, experts say, writes Lucy Johnston. There are at least three cases a year in which courts are asked to decide whether to withdraw treatment from sick or terminally ill children, according to the Paediatric Intensive Care Society. This often leads to lengthy legal delays that may prolong the suffering of patients, their loved ones and hospital staff. In the case of Archie Battersbee, the High Court, Court of Appeal and European Court of Human Rights all became involved before his death yesterday. Last week, Lady Finlay, a crossbench peer and professor of palliative medicine, called for the Government to carry out an inquiry into different ways of handling such "very, very difficult" cases. Lady Finlay says she hopes independent mediators can be used in future as "adversarial conflict doesn't help anybody". She added: "My worry is that these cases are going forward to court too quickly and too early. "We need an alternative way of managing the communication between the doctors and the parents, and sometimes others in the family as well." Sir Jonathan Montgomery, a leading ethics adviser, and professor of health care law at University College London, called for improved resources in hospitals to help mediate to prevent cases "with no real prospect of success" going to court in the first place. He said: "We need to have a system where families have time to come to terms with the decisions made by doctors and have a chance to properly explore this outside the court. "This is known in legal terms as 'bargaining in the shadow of the law'. There are mediation and clinical ethics committees in some hospitals. However, the provision is patchy and needs better resources. There is no requirement for hospitals to have them." He said cases must be decided on merits, but "often such cases get adopted by third-party interests, such as religious groups, who see them as emblematic of broader issues". Neena Modi, professor of neonatal medicine at Imperial College London, said: "It is tragic and not in the patient's best interests to have such cases prolonged. As a neonatal intensivist I have had cases of this kind. The family understandably don't want to let go." She added that third-party intervention can also complicate the issues, saying: "They can involve parties who do not have knowledge of the full details of the case and therefore cannot legitimately comment on the medical situation."