Anthony Joshua has been warned that his career has already peaked as he prepares to try and regain his world heavyweight belts from Oleksandr Usyk. Last September, 'AJ' was outclassed by the Ukrainian at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, with the challenger taking a unanimous verdict and with it, the WBA, IBF, WBO, and IBO belts. Joshua, 32, immediately triggered a rematch clause, but a second bout was put on hold due to Usyk taking arms amid the Russian invasion of his country. The southpaw fighter, 35, has since been granted special permission to leave the country and defend his titles, and after prolonged negotiations, the fight is set for August 20 in Saudi Arabia. The British fighter will be out to not only save his reputation, but his chance of unifying the division. Despite Tyson Fury's insistence his win over Dillian Whyte signalled his retirement, the winner in Jeddah will be expected to call out 'The Gypsy King' with all heavyweight titles on the line. Joshua's finest hour to date arguably came against another Ukrainian, Wladimir Klitschko, who he beat in a pulsating bout at Wembley back in April 2017. But now Dmitry Salita, who was born in Odessa before moving to America, has told the 2012 Olympic gold medalist that he's never hit the heights he did when he KO'd the boxing icon in the 11th round. JUST IN: Jake Paul offer rejected as KSI announces new opponent after Alex Wassabi injury “This isn’t to take anything away from AJ, he's a great fighter and did some amazing things in his career, but when he beat Klitschko, that was the peak of his career,” Salita told BoyleSports Boxing. After that, he's been progressively slipping down just a little bit every fight." Joshua won three more times after that bout, but then was stunned by Andy Ruiz Jr. He duly beat the Mexican in a rematch, again in Saudi, and then KO'd Kubrat Pulev before being humbled by 'The Cat' in London. DON'T MISS:Jake Paul ridicules KSI vs Swarmz for two reasons and insists the fight should be 'free'Andrew Tate makes mind-boggling offer to Logan Paul in response to fight call-outAnthony Joshua savaged as Robert Garcia decision questioned before Oleksandr Usyk fight But Salita, 40, believes the Watford man was in decline throughout that period. And he cited the first clash with Ruiz as a major turning point in his career. “Ever since the day that ‘AJ’ was supposed to fight Jarrell Miller, but he fought Ruiz, he's been on the way down," he added. "Even in his last win against Pulev he looked okay, but he did not look great and did not look like the old ‘AJ’.”