There is a great amount of evidence on the life-prolonging effects of exercise, with some studies suggesting it may extend lifespans by several years. It has proven particularly important to protect the ageing population from falls, improve cognitive skills and prevent heart disease. New findings suggest that partaking in a number of leisure physical activities per week may be key to lowering mortality rates among the elderly. A new study led by researchers at the National Cancer Institute has found that adults who partake in various types of leisure activities each week have a lower risk of death from any cause. Such activities may include walking, jogging, swimming laps, or playing tennis, according to findings published in JAMA Network Open. The study sheds light on the importance of engaging in leisure time activities that can be sustained, noted the researchers. This observation was based on the analysis of data from more than 272,000 adults, aged 59 to 82, who were asked to complete questionnaires about their leisure time activities. READ MORE: Diabetes: The anti-diabetic berry shown to reduce blood sugar Playing racquet was associated with the greatest reduction in the risk of cardiovascular deaths, at 27 percent. Running, on the other hand, was associated with the greatest reduction in risk of cancer deaths, at 19 percent. The NHS website recommends doing at least “150 minutes of moderate-intensity activity a week or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity activity a week". The health body continues: “Spread exercise evenly over four to five days a week, or every day [and] reduce time spent sitting or lying down and break up long periods of not moving with some activity.” READ MORE: Live longer: The food that may boost longevity by 18% Beyond exercising regularly, other simple habits must be considered for optimal well-being. In a study conducted by researchers at the Harvard University T.H. Chan School of Public Health, five important habits were found to boost longevity. Adhering to these simple rules may extend lifespan by a decade or more, according to the research.