 You’ve set your sights, you know where you want to go and you won’t let anything stand in your way. If you’ve been allocated a specific task by a work superior, this could take you out of your area. There may be a chance too, to take your partner along with you. Are you single? Romance will seem to spring up from nowhere. Try an unusual hobby or promote your creative talents. You could make money in unusual ways once you put your mind to it. You shouldn’t be surprised when someone tells you that you’re the most honest and faithful friend they could have. They are speaking the truth. It may disappoint a friend but you might turn down a social invitation. The best form of recreation will be within your own four walls away from busy and crowded situations. In a close relationship you aren’t helping a partner understand you by refusing to talk. Discuss those things that really matter.  You’re looking in the wrong place to find the sense of security you long for. It isn’t working in a job that gives you no real satisfaction other than a regular income. It isn’t in a friendship where there is no give and take. Security on the outside will come when you find inner balance. Someone with a sensitive nature will feel you’re being too forthright. You’re actually striving to be honest and to send out a message that you don’t intend to get involved in any secret intrigues. You aren’t in the mood for playing games and you would rather tell it as it is. In order to get around a partner you may have to be extra loving and more attentive. You need their approval for some plans you are making as this will affect your joint situation. Once you turn on the charm, no one will be able to resist you.  Topics being discussed may be contentious and you might be reluctant to voice your opinions but you won’t feel happy unless your views are heard. Find the courage to put what is on your mind into words. People will listen. Settle for small gains for your efforts. A busy pattern of events is at play. It’s one of those times when it’s hard to keep on top of all that is going on. Important decisions need to be made and for some of these you may have to rely on your intuition as you aren’t going to be told all the facts for some time yet. Serious issues need to be discussed. You are starting to let things get on top of you. You take your career and social commitments very seriously but that does not mean you have to take your job home with you in the evenings. You need to switch off from time to time.  You’re on the verge of entering a new partnership deal of a long-term nature. All this seems very positive and optimistic and you have no doubt that what you are doing now will be for the best. A campaign you have been involved in will get some powerful support. Once you begin working on new ideas they will become stronger in your mind. Discussions will hold some surprises as you still have a lot to learn about a subject a friend or colleague has a lot of experience in. They will be happy to share their knowledge with you. Someone is about to embark on an epic journey with the hope of making lots of money for charity. If you aren’t the one who is setting off on this adventure you will be giving those who are your full support. You are motivated to keep going. 