Chelsea have confirmed that they have reached an agreement for the transfer of the highly-rated Aston Villa midfielder Carney Chukwuemeka. The deal came out of the blue on Tuesday night with Chelsea confirming that a deal had been agreed. It is a major coup for the Blues, who continue to sweep up some of England's top young talents this summer. The 18-year-old's Villa contract was due to exire in 12 months and talks over renewed terms had stalled. Head coach Steven Gerrard has limited Chukwuemeka's opportunities since it became apparent that he might not sign a fresh deal. Chelsea have announced that he will now travel to London to discuss personal terms and undergo a medical. “Aston Villa and Chelsea can confirm that the clubs have reached an agreement for the permanent transfer of Carney Chukwuemeka,” a club statement posted to Twitter on Tuesday evening read. Villa boss Gerrard left Chukwuemeka out of Villa’s squad for their pre-season tour of Australia in July. The former England captain confirmed that it was due to the ongoing uncertainty over the player’s future. Gerrard explained: "Carney is yet to sign a contract offer that has been in place for some time now. I’ve decided the best thing for him would be to continue his training programme back at Bodymoor [Heath, Villa's training ground]." DON'T MISS...Man City may get Chelsea revenge as 'transfer discussed' for targetChelsea 'internally discuss offering midfielder' to Leicester in swapMan Utd joined by six clubs in Sesko race as Salzburg price revealed  Villa were desperate for the talented academy graduate to extend his stay at Villa Park. but Chukwuemeka made it clear that he had no intention of signing a new contract. Chelsea might have found the summer transfer window frustrating at first-team level, with Thomas Tuchel publicly demanding that the club's hierarchy speed up transfer discussions. However, the West Londoners have snapped up some of the country's best young talent during the off-season. The Blues are close to signing the 16-year-old Southampton attacking midfielder Tyler Dibling, who appeared on the Saints' bench in a Premier League fixture with Brentford last term. They will also confirm the arrival of the 18-year-old defender Zak Sturge from Brighton, who could be followed in making the same move by fellow left-back Marc Cucurella. It comes after Chelsea prised highly-rated winger Omari Hutchinson from Arsenal.