Members of the Royal Family have to undertake so many royal engagements and visits that sometimes they need to leave early, or make a quick exit. One person who knows how to end a conversation politely, letting his staff know he needs to go, is Prince Charles. Prince Charles, like his mother, has a secret signal that allows him to end a conversation – but only his staff will know about it. To the people present in the conversation, it would seem that Charles is being polite. Royal historian Hugo Vickers explained: “What they all do [the Royal Family] is try to find a quick joke to leave it on. “Prince Charles has a quick ‘ha ha’ and that enables him to break the conversation.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says Speaking to People, Hugo added that Charles also often fiddles with his cuff links, but it is not known if this is a signal or simply a habit he does when he is nervous. According to royal body language expert Judi James, the ritual is “sign of anxiety”. Speaking on an episode of Pod Save the Queen back in 2018, Judi said: “He does three or four little movements in a ritual. “Charles’ grandfather did exactly the same rituals.” DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] Judi went on to claim that Charles also has a signal for when he’s not enjoying himself at social situations. She said: “You know when he’s not quite enjoying himself, he does what’s called the ‘pointless point’. “It’s instead of engaging with things. He gets his index finger out and points at nothing. “The Queen’s done it for years and he’s picked up on it as well. READ MORE: Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language “He chuckles as well so we all think he’s really happy, but I don’t think he is totally happy to be honest.” Interestingly, Prince Philip also employed social cues and courtesies when he was alive. Hugo Vickers shared that the late Duke of Edinburgh was known to do a particular sweeping motion when he was meeting people in a line-up. He would take someone’s hand, say something like, ‘how’s it all going?’, and continue to the next person, his hand swinging from left to right. As for the Queen, one of her most common secret signals to leave a social scenario is to move her handbag. Hugo said: “It would be very worrying if you were talking to the Queen and saw the handbag move from one hand to the other. “It would be done very nicely. Some would come along and say, ‘sir, the Archbishop of Canterbury would very much like to meet you’.” Her Majesty always carries the same patent black mini bag by the British luxury brand Launer – unsurprisingly as she owns more than 200 of the brand’s bags, according to reports by Town & Country.