The latest research by estate agent comparison site, GetAgent.co.uk, has revealed that there’s £117billion worth of property currently for sale across Britain. The site looked at the level of available property stock currently listed for sale across every British postcode and the value the homes were listed for. This then revealed the total value of homes currently for sale across the country. Unsurprisingly, some of the most expensive housing stock is located in central London. The SW1 postcode ranks top when it comes to the market value of current stock for sale. The prestigious postcode has 475 homes listed for sale totalling an eye-watering £1.1billion in value. Shockingly, the UK’s astronomical housing stock barely makes a dent SpaceX CEO Elon Musk’s net worth. READ MORE: ‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step The multi-billionaire is worth a staggering $264.9billion (£218.8billion), according to Forbes, which means he could afford to buy every property currently listed for sale in Britain. Jeff Bezos, the founder, executive chairman and former president and CEO of Amazon, could also afford to purchase every property for sale in the UK. The American entrepreneur is worth $166.4billion (£137.4billion). With this in mind, Express.co.uk has found some of the most expensive homes currently available to buy in Britain on Rightmove. DON'T MISSWhy has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden [INSIGHT]Britons warned against vinegar cleaning chore in summer [UPDATE]Wisteria pruning: The five bud rule you should always follow [ANALYSIS] From former fashion label headquarters to mega mansions in the countryside, Musk can afford it all… This four-bedroom, four-bathroom property is more than 13,400 square feet and was once the headquarters of Italian high-end luxury fashion brand, Gucci. The property is the last remaining private townhouse on the street and includes staff quarters, CCTV, an indoor swimming pool, sauna and gym. There’s also has a cinema room, high ceilings, a double garage, a steam room, two-metre plunge pool, spa lounge and bespoke gold finishings. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The most expensive home in Rightmove radiates elegance with both period features and contemporary decor. Located in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, this property is over 11,000 square feet with six bedrooms and five bathrooms. The home includes a private garden, cinema room, floor-to-ceiling windows, a landscaped garden and a swimming pool. This property is unique with a slick, contemporary style throughout and lots of natural light. The home’s principal suite spans the entire top floor while the reception room is an eye-watering 35 metres. There is also full staff accommodation, a 13 metre pool and a large gym. This seven-bedroom detached property includes seven bathrooms, five reception rooms, a tennis court, river views, a guest house, two staff cottages and a boat house. The home has been exquisitely presented with jaw-dropping details. The palatial home is situated among 4.3 acres of land, features high ceilings and has an indoor pool with a gym, spa facilities, cinema room, games room and a ball room.  The location is perfect for those who need access to London and Heathrow Airport. This nine-bedroom home includes full equestrian facilities, 40 acres of land, six bedrooms with ensuite, three staff bedrooms, a wine cellar, a 12 metre indoor pool, a jacuzzi and gym. Known as Harford Manor, the building is an award-winning architectural masterpiece which boasts an impressive 23,000 square feet. The property has been impeccably presented with luxurious furnishings and beautiful decor. This home offers home buyers almost 30,000 square feet of space, 11 bedrooms, 10 bathrooms and a plethora of incredible features. The home has a swimming pool complex, steam room, sauna, bowling lanes with a pool bar, a gym, treatment room and garage space. There’s also a car life in the basement where there’s also a car gallery, snooker room and home cinema. The home’s architecture has been influenced by 16th century English country mansions.