Grand Designs presenter Kevin McCloud was invited onto BBC Breakfast's red sofa on Wednesday to discuss the latest series of the Channel 4 home improvement series. Presenter Jon Kay told Kevin the idea of the homes on the programme "is just a fantasy" as the cost of living crisis continues to impact people across the nation, but Kevin shut him down and defended the show. Jon said: "Of course, you have been making this as the economy dips and people watching at home will be struggling with their bills and the idea of these kinds of homes and projects is just a fantasy. "That's quite a difficult balance isn't it in terms of the difference?" However, Kevin clapped back at the BBC Breakfast star by reminding him it is not the first recession he has filmed the show through. "We learnt last time that when money goes tight people start thinking really hard," Kevin added.  READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry "I don't like the idea that you spend your way out of a problem, but when people get into tight spots that is when they think in the most creative way and that's what I love," he continued. "Great ideas are often free. "I think the other thing to say is people look at these expensive projects with amazing tech and innovative ideas and really weird designs and think, 'How can that be relevant to my life at all?' "If you look at social housing, if you look at what housing associations and local authorities are doing with their housing schemes, that is where that tech goes. "The people we are filming are the experimentalists, they have been putting their own money into a new idea which then hits the affordable sector and that is really where it matters."  Presenter Sally Nugent was curious to know if Grand Designs has inspired people to think about insulating their homes as the cost of living crisis continues. Kevin replied. "People are building from scratch and think, 'Why should I have any energy bills when I can alter the design of my house when I am building it?' "Where it has delayed our projects and really hurt our builders is in the way materials have gone out and steel has tripled in price, and some materials you can't even get." He went on to explain he has revisited a lighthouse renovation for the latest series of Grand Designs which the team has been filming for 12 years. DON'T MISS...‘All the neighbours gawping’: Grand Designs viewers point out flaw [LATEST]Grand Designs viewers 'love' £170k ranch-style home in Glasgow [UPDATE]‘Have no money left’: Grand Designs couple left in tears [MUST SEE] Kevin later admitted he is often worried people won't be able to finish a project due to "the really volatile circumstances we are in". "But it's still a joy as everything we start a project you are entering an unknown territory which I like," Kevin exclaimed. In tonight's episode of Grand Designs, Kevin is in Manchester where he is following the progress of film producer Colin and his wife Adele. They are constructing a modernist mansion described by Kevin as “a Swedish bombshell with curves to draw attention”.  Colin and Adele decide to hire builders from a Latvian company who are cheaper than local builders but they do not deliver as promised. During the episode, Kevin regrettably tells Colin: “I think this project is doomed." However, an optimist Colin replied: "If I made a documentary in North Korea then I can build a house." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One between 6am and 9am and Grand Design airs on Wednesdays at 9pm on Channel 4. 