Lizzie Bentley, a 32-year-old who lives in Bristol said she did have savings but has had to dip into them to pay soaring bills. She said wages need to rise in line with inflation as everyone is trying to survive the cost of living crisis. Rising food prices, soaring petrol prices and sky high energy bills are pushing households into poverty as wages fail to keep up with demand. Bristol residents have been telling express.co.uk how they are struggling to find the extra money to pay for increasing rents and bills. One resident, Ms Bentley told Express.co.uk: “I did have some savings and I’ve had to go into them because all of our bills are super expensive. “Our rent has also gone up by quite a lot, but our wages haven’t gone up." READ MORE: 'Life-changing’: Man receives £9,000 in backdated PIP from DWP   She continued: “Nobody’s getting paid any more so I don’t see why people should not get paid more but have to pay more for rent and bills." Another resident Sally Jones said: “We’ve had to tighten our belts and cut back on subscriptions but the people I think about the most are the people who I work with. “They are living on very little money each week - sometimes £8 a week. “The idea that they have to cope with these increasing food prices and travel costs, all those kinds of things, means it’s really tricky for them.” DON'T MISSWoman rates energy efficient kitchen appliances [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax: The way you can pass on £1 million tax free [INSIGHT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Money making tips: Man shares how he makes £1,100 a month extra [INSIGHT] The current rate of inflation stands at 10.1 percent and is the highest it’s been in four decades. By the end of the year it could top 13 percent leaving UK households facing a bleak winter with many unable to afford to switch the heating on. The TUC is calling on the government to do more to help those who are struggling before things get much worse. Mr O’Grady said: “Families are facing a cost-of-living emergency. Ministers must cancel the catastrophic rise to energy bills this autumn.” READ MORE: Pensioner shares how he makes an extra £300 a month The General Secretary of the TUC also called for the Government to bring forward increases to Universal Credit and the national minimum wage. In July, around 30 million people should have noticed an increase in take home pay thanks to changes made to the national insurance threshold. Changes to the National Insurance threshold mean that workers can now earn £12,570 instead of £9,880 before they pay National Insurance Contributions (NIC). It also means two million more people will be exempt from paying National Insurance altogether, however not everyone will be better off.   National Insurance winners and losers An employee with a £20,000 annual salary will save £178 on their National Insurance between April 2022 and April 2023.