easyJet pilots in Spain are set to strike over several key holiday weekends in August. When are the strikes set to take place? Pilots represented by the Sindicato Español de Pilotos de Líneas Aéreas (SEPLA) confirmed they would strike over three weekends in August. The first weekend has already passed and strikes took place from August 12 until Sunday August 14. The next set of strikes will take place between August 19 and 21 and August 27 and 29. Industrial action will affect easyJet’s operations in Spain with disruption possible at its three base airports. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade easyJet has bases at Barcelona El Prat International Airport, Malaga International Airport and Palma de Mallorca Airport. The union would like to see the pilots’ conditions be returned to their pre-pandemic conditions. A spokesperson said: “During the worst months of the pandemic, we agreed to lower our salaries to guarantee not only jobs, but the survival of the company itself in Spain. “However, having achieved the objective of reducing the pilots’ working conditions, easyJet announced an increase in the number of planes and pilots at its bases in Barcelona and Palma, and opened a completely new base in Malaga.” An easyJet spokesperson said: “easyJet has been formally advised of strike action by its Spain-based pilots union Sepla between 12-14, 19-21 and 27-29 August at its Spanish bases and unfortunately we have been required to pre-emptively cancel two flights this weekend, as a result. “We would like to apologise to all our customers for any inconvenience caused and are doing all possible to minimise any disruption as a result of the strike action, providing affected customers with free transfers to alternative flights or a refund as well as hotel accommodation and meals where required. “We advise customers travelling to and from Barcelona, Malaga and Palma to check the status of their flights on our Flight Tracker page or manage their bookings using our disruption portal on our mobile app or website.” READ MORE: Portugal issues travel warning affecting thousands - 'avoid flying' Pilots based in Spain working for budget airline Ryanair reached an agreement with the airline last month. This summer has seen many strikes across the travel industry with cabin crew from both Ryanair and easyJet taking part in industrial action. British Airways workers at Heathrow cancelled proposed industrial action after reaching an agreement with the airline. Rail workers across Britain have taken part in strikes throughout July and August with more planned if an agreement isn’t reached. easyJet has said that affected passengers should have been informed about the upcoming strike action. Passengers should check the status of their flight before travelling to the airport in Spain. This summer, British tourists have faced widespread travel chaos with long queues at check-in and security. Airlines and airports have struggled to cope with the heavy demand for international travel after the pandemic.