Derek Chisora has demanded that Tyson Fury sends him the paperwork for their trilogy fight as talk of another fight begins. 'Del Boy' is responding to Fury's recent announcement that he plans to come out of retirement and face Chisora for a third time under new trainer Isaac Lowe. During a recent video uploaded to Twitter, Fury sent a message to Chisora and explained why he has chosen to come back. He said: "Well Andy, I've decided to come back to boxing because I can be the first heavyweight champion in history to have two trilogies, one with Deontay Wilder and a second one with Derek Chisora. "I always said I'd fight Derek Chisora at the end of my career and here we are breaking all records again, setting precedents and why I've chosen Isaac Lowe as my trainer is because when I was with Peter [Fury] Issac was there, when I was with Ben [Davison] Issac's always been there, and when I was with SugarHill [Steward] Isaac's always been there as well. He's always given me information, he knows me better than anybody on the planet and we're a great team, we've always been together and we're going to finish this out together. "We've always worked very well together, and here we are about to take on a massive massive massive event."  In response to Fury's call out, Chisora responded: "Tyson stop talking s*** mate, phone Mummy and Daddy. Mummy is Frank Warren, Daddy is f***ing Bob Arum tell them you want to hang out with me, okay? And send me the paperwork b****" Both men used to be friends but recently fell out after Chisora predicted that Dillian Whyte would knock out Fury during his last contest in April. Speaking to talkSPORT, Fury explained that he had taken exception to Chisora's comments and that they are 'no longer friends'. He said: "Me and Derek Chisora used to be chum buddies. I went to Monaco to support him. I went to Hamburg to support him. Then, as soon as I have a fight he goes, ‘I’ll pick the other guy’. So, Derek Chisora can kiss my a*** and if I see him I’m going to punch him in the face." He continued: "when I see you, Derek, you’ve got me to fight. Derek Chisora if you’re out there and you wanna fight come and see me. I’ve busted you two times already and I’ll do it again, you little sucker.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Eddie Hearn nearly retired after catastrophic fight Paul told he’s ‘not a real boxer yet’ as YouTube boxing slammed Francis warned about potential rematch with Tyson – EXCLUSIVE    The pair previously fought each other in 2011 and 2014 with Fury winning both contests. In their last outing, Fury became only the second man to stop the iron-chinned veteran with a tenth-round retirement victory. Many had hoped that Fury would make his return against the winner of Oleksandr Usyk and Anthony Joshua on August 20 but it appears the Mancunian is more interested in running it back with Chisora. According to reports, the fight is being targeted for December, however, the location is currently undisclosed.  