After suffering from the heartbreak of losing her former fiancee and manager Myra Stratton to cancer back in 2015, the star shared that she had “really cried a lot” throughout the whole ordeal, but now having been given the all clear he has this “incredible feeling of relief". Instead of cancer it turns out that the singer’s growth was a large vocal polyp, which was removed immediately with surgery. Appearing on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, after celebrating her marriage to Linda Olsen, Fox shared that numerous consultants and doctors had missed the polyp before finally, after an endoscopy, the lesion was found. She said: “I was told to see a certain surgeon and I went to him, he put the endoscopy down and then saw it layered behind my vocal cords. “It was in a very precarious place. It was a polyp, a lesion, it wasn’t a vocal nodule which most singers get, which I had in 1989. “A polyp is very frightening and it had to come out really quickly.  READ MORE: Paul Newman: Risk factors of the 'horrible' disease that killed actor “But I couldn’t get it out before we got married because I wasn’t allowed to speak, so I waited until after and then I went and got it taken out.” After first being diagnosed, the 56-year-old former glamour model was so worried about the lump that she contemplated life after death, reassuring herself she would be able to see her late loved ones after she died if the lump had been cancerous and incurable. Explaining how memories of Stratton’s cancer battle came flooding back, she said: “I really cried a lot, I'm such a positive person but it's hard when you've got something like that hanging over you, I was very fearful. “I watched her waste away and saw the amount of drugs she was on.  DON'T MISSEyesight: The drink that 'significantly' increases risk of cataracts [REPORT]Dementia: The simple smell test that could detect Alzheimer’s disease [EXPLAINER]Hair loss: Scientists find potential treatment for baldness [INSIGHT] “That was seven years ago, but when I was waiting for my results it felt like yesterday. All of the memories came flooding back.” But to her joy, after being given the all clear following her surgery, Fox went on to say: “When I saw the growth on the screen, I thought, 'Oh God, that's not normal'. “It looked very big. You think about throat cancer straight away. [Now a] weight has been lifted.” Now, the star can safely celebrate her marriage to Olsen, who tied the knot in a lavish ceremony in Epping Forest, Essex, last month after announcing their engagement back in March 2020.  Now, the star can safely celebrate her marriage to Olsen, who tied the knot in a lavish ceremony in Epping Forest, Essex, last month after announcing their engagement back in March 2020. A vocal polyp is described by the UCI Voice and Swallowing Centre as fluid filled lesions located on the vocal fold. Unlike polyps in other portions of the body, such as the colon, vocal fold polyps are benign and not associated with cancer. However, polyps cause symptoms by interrupting vocal fold closure, interrupting the production of sound. Other possible symptoms as a result of vocal polyps include:  These symptoms occur as when large enough, polyps prevent closure of the vocal folds, causing air escape during voice production, prompting immediate treatment in the form of voice therapy. Cancer Research UK notes that symptoms of throat cancer are similar to other conditions, giving reason as to why Fox was worried for her health. For example, symptoms that can indicate throat cancer include: Due to this, individuals who have any of these symptoms or anything else that is not normal are advised to go and see their doctor. For vocal polyps, working with a speech therapist may be enough to help aid recovery, but in some cases a procedure known as a microlaryngoscopy is performed in order to remove the polyp completely. 