The Duke of Sussex is expected to release his tell-all memoir later this year. A royal source claimed that the content of the book "came as a huge shock" to Meghan. They claimed that the book "brought up some extremely raw feelings and surprise anecdotes" from Prince Harry. Speaking to US outlet Heatworld, a source close to Harry and Meghan said: "This narrative that Meghan essentially stood over Harry as he wrote the book is way off the mark. "He and [ghostwriter] JR Moeringer spent months going through his private photo album, journals, emails and so forth. "It naturally brought up some extremely raw feelings and surprise anecdotes, many of which came as a huge shock to Meghan when she read through the manuscript." According to Penguin, Harry's memoir will "share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses and life lessons that have helped shape him". When the book was announced, Prince Harry said: "I’m writing this not as the Prince I was born but as the man I have become. READ MORE: Royal Family warned looming threat could tear monarchy apart "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." He said he is keen to share the first "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his own life. Previously, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams warned that the revelations in the book might be a "problem" for Prince Harry's relationship with Prince William. Speaking on ToDiForDaily's podcast, he said: "Both brothers were inseparable.  "And there’s no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they’ve taken very, very different roads. "And I see no, no rift being healed, unfortunately, because what you’re looking at now is a memoir that Harry is writing that’s coming out in the autumn now. "The problem is what is going to be in that book. "It’s very difficult after Oprah, which is just over a year ago, and I thought it was so destructive, and also open to different interpretations." DON'T MISS: 'Obvious danger' Kate sent warning as 'ill-conceived move' to backfire [INSIGHT] Princess Eugenie may be reason Meghan and Harry do NOT stay with Queen [INSIGHT] Queen cut ties with former royal staff member over major ‘betrayal’ [REVEAL] He claimed: "And they were full of inaccuracies, in a lot of it. "As the Queen said, so well...'Some recollections may vary'." Reports have speculated that Harry's book will hit shelves just before the festive season. Commentator Celia Walden claimed his publisher, Penguin, will use a "'shock drop' game plan". Writing in the Telegraph, she said: "You don’t spend $20 million on a book about 'one of the most fascinating and influential global figures of our time' (Penguin’s words) without putting together a shrewd pre-publication campaign strategy. "And, although the publication of By Royal Disappointment (one of my working titles) was allegedly delayed, according to publishing insiders 'the manuscript has [now] been finished and gone through all of the legal processes'. "Which means Penguin is going for a 'shock drop' game plan that, like a firework finale against a clear night sky, will involve a tantalising radio silence… "Followed by a bombardment of Hazza revelations so breathtaking that consumers will be dazzled into spending £16.99 on Yet Another Royal Opus (how’s that for a title?)."