Deadpool hits TV screens tonight at 10pm on Channel 4. And viewers of the Marvel movie will likely want to watch the sequel, Deadpool 2, shortly thereafter. Thankfully, they can do so on Disney Plus, as Fox was bought up by Disney in recent years, meaning Wade Wilson is back where he belongs with Marvel. But this also means that the next Deadpool movie is going to be included in the ongoing Marvel Cinematic Universe. And plans are already being hatched to bring it to life. The Ryan Reynolds character has always straddled the perimeters of meta-commentary and comedy throughout his comic books and his movies. He even blended the X-Men series into his films when he visited the Charles Xavier School for Gifted Children. But to see him interact with the likes of Spider-Man would be any comic book fan's dream. And it's definitely on its way, according to Feige, the Marvel Studios president. When asked about Deadpool 3 last year, he said: "It will be rated R and we are working on a script right now, and Ryan’s overseeing a script right now." Feige even gave a glimpse into the filming schedule of the upcoming movie. He said: "It will not be [filming] this year [2021]." He added by noting that Reynolds is a "very busy, very successful actor". Feige went on: "We’ve got a number of things we’ve already announced that we now have to make, but it’s exciting for it to have begun." (Via Collider) He then gave some insight into bringing Deadpool into the already-established MCU. READ MORE: Captain America star Chris Evans spoke out on MCU return hopes "Again," Feige went on. "A very different type of character in the MCU, and Ryan is a force of nature, which is just awesome to see him bring that character to life." The exciting prospect of seeing this hero(?) brought into the series will be great for cinema and Marvel fans. Unfortunately, there has not been a concrete release date announcement for the movie just yet. However, fans won't have to wait too long either way for Deadpool 3 to hit cinemas. DON'T MISS...Captain America star Chris Evans spoke out on MCU return hopes [NEWS]Fantastic Four: Harry Potter star wants to play 'dream role' Ben Grimm [INFO]Fantastic Four: Henry Cavill 'in Marvel talks' – MCU Reed Richards? [INSIGHT] Marvel recently appeared at 2022's San Diego Comic-Con where they announced a slew of new movies and new film release dates. The entertainment giant revealed they will be releasing films on a number of dates, including July 28, 2023, October 6, 2023, November 3, 2023, February 16, 2024, May 3, 2024, July 26, 2024, and November 8, 2024. One of these dates will surely hold the release date of Deadpool 3. What's more, most recently, fans got their first confirmation of the character being introduced to the mythos. The recently opened "Avengers Assemble: Flight Force" ride in Disneyland Paris' new Avengers Campus had a glimpse of Deadpool's logo. While an on-screen graphic flipped through some superhero names, Wade's name came up with his DP (Deadpool) logo. Although just a small hint, it did confirm the MCU's intentions to bring him on board soon. Deadpool and Deadpool 2 are available to stream on Disney Plus now. SOURCE