The Princess Royal managed to turn a potentially awkward situation into a cheerful episode during one of her many engagements. During a debate about young people and farming she had been invited to attend, Princess Anne was introduced as "Her Royal Highness The Prince of Wales" by the moderator. Rather than remaining silent in front of her mortified host, the Queen's only daughter tilted her head and gave a puzzled look at the moderator for a few seconds, before laughing along with the crowd. She then stood up and, before joining the debate, she chose to lighten the mood by sharing a story involving her elder brother Prince Charles. Anne said: "Your introduction did make me wonder slightly. "My brother tells a story of having visited an elderly care home in Scotland, and at the time he was in a kilt. "He actually heard when he was engaged in conversation down the other end an old lady say ‘Is that the Princess Royal?' "He thought it was quite funny – and I’m not even wearing trousers today, but there you go." This outstanding remark was recorded in a video - taken during an event in 2012 - resurfaced on Monday on social media to celebrate Princess Anne's 72nd birthday. Royal fans were quick to praise Anne's sense of humour. READ MORE: Royal: Sussex fury as Duchess told to 'shut up' Twitter user @ramen_riot_19 wrote: "Oh my goodness, I love this!" Similarly, @finmadame said: "Man, the stories they all have! I’d love to have beverages with them and laugh until I cried." @maddyforcenow also wrote on Twitter: "This is classic! Brightened up that meeting, she’s so wonderful." And @iiseenosignals4 added: "Marvellous sense of humour - one of my favourite royals!" Princess Anne is known for her no-nonsense approach to royal duties. The 17th-in-line to the throne carries out hundreds of engagements every year focused on her patronages or supporting the Crown. However, she does so differently than most of her relatives, as she explained in 2018 when she appeared in the ITV Queen of the World documentary. The Queen's daughter said at the time she does not shake hands with royal fans during walkabouts because that's not something it used to be done when these engagements were first introduced. She said: "The theory was that you couldn’t shake hands with everybody, so don’t start." Anne also voiced her annoyance at people taking pictures during walkabouts rather than focusing their attention on seeing and meeting the royals. She said: "I'm glad that I'm not starting now because at least you had people to talk to. "Now you don't really. Phones are bad enough, but the iPads—you can’t even see their heads. "No idea who you’re talking to. "I either don’t bother or just say, 'Look, if you want to ask me something, I suggest you put that down.' It is weird. "People don’t believe they’ve experienced the event unless they’ve taken a photograph." Over the past few years, Anne and Charles have regularly contended the title of hardest-working members of the Firm when considering the number of engagements they undertake.