Arsenal's decision not to include a sell-on clause in Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January transfer to Barcelona could come back to bite them this summer. The Gunners would receive nothing in Aubameyang joins Premier League rivals Chelsea less than 12 months after his exit. Mikel Arteta stripping the 33-year-old of the Arsenal captaincy contributed to a fallout in the weeks leading up to his departure. But according to The Sun, the decision to terminate his £350,000-a-week contract meant a sell-on clause was off the table. However, Arsenal were so desperate to rid the dressing room of Aubameyang that they agreed a £7million pay-off to cover his wages for the 23 appearances he made for Barcelona last season. It proved to be an excellent deal for Barca as Auba netted 13 times to help finish second in La Liga. But the Nou Camp giants are now willing to offload him, and Chelsea are preparing an attempt to lure him back to the Premier League. And Arsenal won't receive a cut of any transfer because of the manner of Aubameyang's exit, which would undoubtedly pour salt on the wounds of his move to a London foe. JUST IN: Chelsea tipped for title challenge if Tuchel completes three signings  Aubameyang is currently earning £80,000 per week at Barcelona after accepting a significant pay cut once Arsenal stopped covering his salary. But the Catalan club are ready to offload him already to make space on their wage bill for new signings, including £42.5m striker Robert Lewandowski. The Bayern Munich icon's arrival has left Aubameyang surplus to requirements in Xavi Hernandez's squad. Added to Barcelona's dire financial situation, it has opened the door for an early exit and Chelsea look set to take advantage by trying to reunite him with former coach Thomas Tuchel. READ MORE: Man Utd can turn to four players with £50m Cody Gakpo transfer blocked  Chelsea are in talks with Aubameyang's camp but have yet to submit an official offer to Barcelona for his signature, while Todd Boehly also eyes a hijack of Manchester United's bid to sign Frenkie de Jong. But with Tuchel looking to work with his star striker at Borussia Dortmund once more, the Blues launching a pursuit shouldn't be far off. Boehly has heavily backed Tuchel in his first summer transfer window as Chelsea owner - spending £178m on new signings so far, a total that could rise above £300m before the September 1 deadline. Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cucurella, Carney Chukwuemeka and Gabriel Slonina have already arrived at Stamford Bridge. To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here