During Monday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, the ITV show had an unexpected visitor after Charlotte Hawkins welcomed her daughter into the studio. Calling her seven-year-old a “superfan” of George Ezra, she then asked him a list of her own questions. The singer appeared on the ITV show to discuss his new documentary called End to End with hosts Charlotte and Sean Fletcher. However, during their conversation, the GMB presenter apologised as she halted the interview. Charlotte said: “We have a far superior interviewer who is waiting in the wings to ask you a few questions. “It’s actually my daughter Ella Rose!”  The seven-year-old then walked into the studio with a beaming smile on her face as she sat next to the singer ready to ask him questions. Charlotte commented: “She is a George Ezra superfan and Ella Rose begged me to come in today.” Handing the interview over to her daughter, the child then proceeded to nervously question the pop star on what his favourite song was. Telling him her favourite is the hit Green Green Grass, he revealed that at the moment that’s also his favourite as he enjoys the crowd singing back to him.  It wasn’t long before viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the sweet moment. Pat Bowie said: “Well done Ella Rose. That was a cracking interview.” Sarah added: “The most adorable interview I’ve ever seen!” Paul Dennis commented: “What a perfect little angel and asked really good questions and was not fazed by it all. Charlotte has a star in the making!!”   With Thia Shazzy adding: “Aww! That’s the most adorable Interview I’ve ever seen. Well done Ella Rose.” Proudly watching her daughter speak to the star, Charlotte told Ella she had done well. Giving her a round of applause she said: “I think you’ve done our job for us! Congratulations.” Clapping from the camera crew could also be heard with, Sean joking: “I’m going to give up the day job Ella Rose!”   Elsewhere in the interview, the GMB hosts spoke to George about his upcoming documentary that follows him on a 1,200 journey. End to End shows the singer speaking to fellow musicians along the way as he starts from Land’s End to the most northern tip of Scotland, John O’Groats. Made in 2021, fans can see George embark on the journey that happened over 95 days. Speaking on the show, he said: “All of us go at 100mph and often you have your blinkers on and your head is down and there was this opportunity and we were so fortunate to be able to do it.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am  