John Travolta, 68, led tributes yesterday after news broke that his "dearest" friend and Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John had died aged 73. His daughter Ella Travolta, 22, took to Instagram to rally around her father and share her support after the tragic event. John shared an unearthed snap on Instagram of Olivia, along with a heart wrenching message in view of his 4.2 million followers. It read: "My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. Your impact was incredible. "I love you so much. We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. "Yours from the first moment I saw you and forever! Your Danny, your John!" READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Social media users and friends alike took to the comments to share their condolences, including John's daughter. Ella left a simple yet heartwarming three heart emojis, showing her father her support. Olivia famously played Sandy in the 1978 musical Grease alongside John who played her love interest, Danny. She had first been diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992, receiving the news the same weekend her father died. In May 2017, it was then announced that her breast cancer had returned and metastasized to her lower back. John also tragically lost his wife Kelly Preston to breast cancer in 2020, at aged 57. The couple had been married for 29 years and shared three children. DON'T MISS... Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp 're-signs seven-figure deal' with Dior Sauvage [LATEST] He wrote on Instagram at the time: "It is with a very heavy heart that I inform you that my beautiful wife Kelly has lost her two-year battle with breast cancer. She fought a courageous fight with the love and support of so many. "My family and I will forever be grateful to her doctors and nurses at MD Anderson Cancer Center, all the medical centers that have helped, as well as her many friends and loved ones who have been by her side. Kelly’s love and life will always be remembered. "I will be taking some time to be there for my children who have lost their mother, so forgive me in advance if you don’t hear from us for a while. "But please know that I will feel your outpouring of love in the weeks and months ahead as we heal." The couple's son Jett Travolta died at the age of 16 in January 2009 from a seizure during a family holiday in the Bahamas. John also lost his girlfriend Diana Hyland to breast cancer in 1977 when she was 41. The former couple met on the set of 1976's The Boy in the Plastic Bubble.