Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, the final two Tory leadership contenders, have several hustings scheduled throughout July as they try to curry favour with the party's members. The 160,000 potential voters will pay close attention to their policy proposals ahead of September 2, when they have to cast their final ballots. Those who don't get to attend a speech or watch the televised debates may rely on the opinions of others to inform their decision, and a clutch of MPs have gathered behind both candidates. Ms Truss, who is running to become Prime Minister while serving as foreign secretary, was a latecomer to the leadership contest. She followed Mr Sunak, one of the earliest MPs to announce his bid, a few days after Boris Johnson resigned in disgrace at the steps of Number 10. While lagging slightly on the campaign front, she has made up for it with high-profile endorsements. READ MORE: Tory leadership race is a fight to the death, blasts FREDERICK FORSYTH Early this morning, she boasted of the support she has received from 21 "current and former" Conservative colleagues. Those colleagues included: Altogether as of late July, Ms Truss had approximately 43 supporters within the Tory ranks, many of whom ran against her in previous rounds of the leadership contest. Mr Sunak was the most popular leadership candidate among Tory MPs in the race's early days and came close to receiving 120 votes before its latest stage. As of July 19, he still has the largest backing, with around 77 MPs in his court. But unfortunately for the ex-Chancellor, this is the only aspect of the competition where he leads Ms Truss. The MPs supporting Mr Sunak include: Mr Sunak has clinched the lead in supporting MPs, but the latest polls show he is far behind Ms Truss with members. A survey conducted by YouGov on Tuesday of more than 1,000 members found that she was 38 points ahead of her rival. The pollsters found that she had the support of 69 percent of voters, while Mr Sunak had just 31 percent. The foreign secretary gained seven more points on her last survey, showing her campaign is only gathering steam.