The renowned flying troupe, which took to the air at around 4pm on Sunday, had to cut short their show in Rhyl, Wales, after a bird struck one of the jets. All seemed well during the first stages of the Red Arrows' routine. However, eyewitnesses said they heard a loud "pop" midway into their routine before one aircraft broke rank and headed back to Hawarden Airport, reports North Wales Live. The remaining jets were then seen "circling" above Rhyl for a considerable amount of time before returning back to Hawarden themselves. The Rhyl Air Show's announcer appeared to shed some light on what may have happened during the cut-short display. David Montenegro, Officer Commanding the Royal Air Force Aerobatic Team said: "Steve (Ogston) the pilot of Red 6 is a bit shaken but well. "His immediate actions delivered calmly and correctly with the support of his colleagues ensured a safe outcome."  Addressing the crowd over the speaker system, the announcer said: "(Red Arrows aircraft) 1 through 5 are circling the area at the moment. "The reason is to make sure the airfield at Hawarden is completely sanitised and completely dedicated to Red 6 (affected aircraft). "From what I can hear it sounds as if a bird has impacted its (Red 6's) canopy...this generally means that the bird has gone through the canopy and completely shattered it, which means that what he's actually hearing is the wind rushing through the canopy. "I can't confirm that so don't start tweeting it, or anything like that cos I don't know, that's my biggest guess. "If that's the case it's quite significant for Red 6 because they are listening to air traffic, air traffic can't hear you, which is why 7 is with him and they'll be guided down with him on his wing. "The most important part is that it sounds like it didn't go down the engine." A spokesman for the team said: "Thank you to everyone at this weekend's Rhyl Airshow. "We had to finish today's RedArrows display a few minutes early after one of our jets suffered a bird strike, damaging the cockpit canopy." "This type of incident is not uncommon in aviation and is extremely well-trained for. In this instance, Red 6 and the whole team responded perfectly together, with no further risk to the pilot and aircraft." "Happy to report the jet landed safely and the pilot is unhurt. Thank you for all of the well-wishes and many messages of support, asking about the pilot."  The announcer finished by saying he was "99.9% sure" the Red Arrows "won't continue the display" because it was "too much of an impact on the rest of the team to ask them to then continue after what's happened to Red 6". His prediction came true as the remainder of the troupe headed back to Hawarden once they were cleared for landing. Writing online, witnesses shared their horror. One woman posted: "It was a tense moment as we were near Red 10 by the main commentary box. Everyone went really quiet, we were all so relived to hear Red 6 had touched down at Hawarden there was a good applause around us. Hope the pilot is OK." Pictures from the scene at Hawarden showed emergency service vehicles on the runway - with the Red 6 aircraft parked a distance away from the other planes. Pilots were given a round of applause from fans at Hawarden Airport when they disembarked from their jets.