The Sandman on Netflix features a whole host of exciting guest stars and one episode in particular has captured the attention of fans. Dream (played by Tom Sturridge) pays a visit to his old acquaintances Cain (Sanjeev Bhaskar) and Abel (Asim Chaudhry) as he needs help getting his powers back. Cain and Abel are dreams that embody the biblical figures of the same name and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Cain and Abel make an appearance in The Sandman comics but the names date back a lot further than the late 80s. In the small-screen adaptation, Dream visits the brothers to tell them he needs to retrieve something he once gave them. In a heartbreaking moment, he had to take back their beloved gargoyle in order to restore his powers. Cain and Abel represent the first murderer and the first victim, from the Book of Genesis. They are the first two sons of Adam and Eve, with Cain being the eldest of the two siblings. READ MORE: The Sandman cast: Who plays Alex Burgess? Meet Laurie Kynaston Cain was a farmer and Abel was a shepherd, and they both made sacrifices to God. However, God favoured Abel's sacrifices, which resulted in Cain murdering his brother. His act did not go unpunished, as he was condemned to a life of wandering, in the land of Nod. In the Sandman series, Cain repeatedly murders his brother whenever he grows frustrated with him. Abel is then able to resurrect and the vicious cycle continues throughout the episode. The Bible tells the brothers' story in Genesis 4:1–18 and it results in Cain building a city in Nod. The story states: "Cain said to Abel his brother, 'Let us go out to the field,' and when they were in the field Cain rose against Abel his brother and killed him. "And the Lord said to Cain, 'Where is Abel your brother?' And he said, 'I do not know: am I my brother's keeper?' "And He said, 'What have you done? Listen! Your brother's blood cries out to me from the soil. And so, cursed shall you be by the soil that gaped with its mouth to take your brother's blood from your hand. "'If you till the soil, it will no longer give you strength. A restless wanderer shall you be on the earth.' "And Cain said to the Lord, 'My punishment is too great to bear. Now that You have driven me this day from the soil I must hide from Your presence, I shall be a restless wanderer on the earth and whoever finds me will kill me.' DON'T MISS... The Sandman full cast list: All the A-list stars you missed [INSIGHT] Jenna Coleman The Sandman: What happened to Johanna Constantine? [EXPLAINER] The Sandman Vortex: What is a Vortex? [INSIGHT]  "And the Lord said to him, 'Therefore whoever kills Cain shall suffer sevenfold vengeance.' "And the Lord set a mark upon Cain so that whoever found him would not slay him. "And Cain went out from the Lord's presence and dwelled in the land of Nod east of Eden. "Cain knew his wife and she conceived and bore Enoch. Then he became the builder of a city and he called the name of the city like his son's name, Enoch." In the Sandman comics, Cain is cruel and short-tempered, whereas his brother is gentle. Cain is known to bully his brother about every aspect of his life and relentlessly kills him. Like in the series, they lived as neighbours in the Dreaming, with Cain in the House of Mystery and Abel in the House of Secrets. Both characters keep gargoyles as pets, with Cain's named Gregory and Abel's named Goldie.  The Sandman is on Netflix now.