Harriet Dart overcame a moment of frustration to earn the biggest win of her career at the US Open. The British No 2 slammed herself for being “unfit” before bouncing back to earn both her first US Open win and first top 10 win over Daria Kasatkina 7-6(8) 1-6 6-3. Dart rallied from 0-2 down in the final set of her clash with world No 9 Kasatkina to earn her first victory over a top 10 player in what was also her first main-draw match win in Flushing Meadows. But the 26-year-old was made to work hard in the two-hour-and-31-minute encounter, losing her cool early in the third as she ranted about her own fitness. Having gone a break down to last week’s Granby champion to start the third set, the world No 88 could be seen tossing her racket to the ground after missing a shot at the net, shouting towards her box as she retreated to the baseline. “You’re so unfit,” the Brit berated herself, having also just lost the second set 6-1. But it seems the outburst was exactly what Dart needed, as she managed to save a break point to get on the board at 1-2 in the third set before breaking back for 2-2. When Kasatkina broke in the next game to regain her advantage, the London native levelled things once more. JUST IN: Williams' role in Hamilton's success outlined ahead of final US Open  Dart finally took the lead as she held for 4-3 and managed to break to serve for the match. She then found herself facing two more break points at 15-40 but reeled off four points in a row to seal the victory and advance to the second round of the US Open for the first time in her career, winning every game from 2-3* down in the third. “To be honest I’m a little bit in shock right now,” she told Amazon Prime Video after earning her first win over a top 10 player. “Physically I don’t feel great but I really just tried to stick at it and push through, and I can’t believe I got the win.” DON'T MISS Murray left bemused as double bounce sees Cerundolo concede pointNovak Djokovic confirms new tournament after US Open banRonnie O'Sullivan sends message to Serena Williams ahead of retirement  The four-time ITF title winner also explained how she managed to change her mindset following her self-depreciating rant, adding: “I was just saying ‘just keep competing, keep working hard, if she plays too good tennis that’s just too good’.”  Dart now has a good chance of equalling her career-best showing at a Grand Slam as she faces world No 91 Dalma Galfi for a spot in the third round. “I do know her a little bit,” the British No 2 said of her next opponent. “To be honest I don’t look at the draw so yeah, I haven’t really thought about it yet obviously. [I will] definitely eat, shower, recover as well as possible and get ready for the next one.” 