In the Tory leadership contest, Conservative party members as young as 15 will be offered the opportunity to cast their vote for the next Prime Minister. Some young party members have spoken out against extending voting rights to younger people in general elections, suggesting some teenagers lack the maturity needed within the electorate. Mr Ramkumar, a 17 year old member of the Conservative party, claimed many teenagers are too vulnerable to the influence of “woke” culture and should not be allowed their say in a general election until they turn 18.    Speaking on Times Radio, Mr Ramkumar said: “I am truly appreciative of the opportunity that I get to vote in this election and to be someone who is able to influence a decision on who is going to be the next prime minister. “But, at the same time, I dont think all teenagers necessarily are mature enough to make that choice. “When I walk into a university campus, when I walk into a school, I see people form these opinions or be so easily influenced by their peer groups or the media - it’s just hard to watch. “It’s hard to watch these woke t***s sort of influence people to go a certain direction.”     He continued: “I see lots of teenagers, without even reading into Conservative ideology or reading into what the Conservative Party stands for, making decisions to support Labour, the Lib Dems or the Green Party. “When you actually ask them why, they either resort to personal insults or they resort to just calling Tories evil and Tory scum. “So, whilst I am appreciative, obviously, of the fact that I get to vote and make that decision, I don’t think that it should be up to teenagers in the future to decide a general election.” The current system prevents people from casting a vote in a general election until they turn 18, although the guidelines for leadership elections do allow younger voters to have their say on matters within the party. Read more: Tories outline plan to make Britain a world-leading science superpower  Mr Ramkumar agreed it was important for leadership candidates to consider policies concerning young people, but added it wasn’t in their “best interest” to focus on teenagers within their campaign. He reasoned that the fate of the country overall should lie with those over 18, who are responsible for paying taxes and supporting their households. The young Conservative has already cast his vote in favour of the former Chancellor, as he praised Rishi Sunak’s education policy. He compared the tax policies of Liz Truss to an act of “injecting steroids” into the economy to provide a temporary fix to a much larger problem of rampant inflation. Don't miss: Boris’s Brexit was all smoke and mirrors, says ARLENE FOSTER [COMMENT]I'm losing patience with the leadership race, we need a leader now [INSIGHT]Michael Gove spotted giving it all at party AGAIN – this time in Ibiza [REVEAL]  The decision on who will succeed the outgoing Prime Minister rests in the hands of roughly 180,000 Conservative Party members who will choose between the final two candidates. The average age of the Conservative Party membership is understood to be around 50 years old, although some groups of Young Conservatives have been especially vocal about the leadership campaign. The 2019 Conservative manifesto asserts the party belief that the voting age for general elections should be maintained at 18. Read next: Ex-NATO chief 'flabbergasted' by Liz Truss’ 'childish' Macron commentTruss poised to wield axe on NINE Cabinet namesStarmer slammed over plan with Lib Dems and SNP to 'sneak into power'Liz Truss has plan for cost of living crisis'Enough political interference!' Labour says it will protect BBC