Jetting off on holiday is something to look forward to, but if you're leaving your home empty for a long period of time, security should be top of your list. Though most people automatically think of locking doors and windows, there is one common holiday activity which, although "tempting" can mean "your house is next on the list for a break-in". Experts from Insulation Express explained that while we all enjoy snapping some pictures on the beach or by the pool, these can make it clear that your home is empty. For a sneaky thief, this can be an alluring prospect. Jenny Turner, property expert at Insulation Express said: "Social media is like online shopping for a burglar. "It may be tempting to share details of your holiday abroad, but doing so could mean your house is the next on the list for a break-in." Although you may only have friends and family on your social media, it's important to be mindful of the type of information you share. READ MORE: How to stop house flies invading your home using common herb - 'easy' Ms Turner continued: "Avoid giving out the dates of your holiday, which will highlight exactly when your house will be empty, keep your social media profiles on private mode and resist the temptation of tagging photos with your holiday location in real-time. "Save your holiday snaps to upload once you are back at home." How else can you protect your home while on holiday? The most important thing you can do is to ensure your home is properly locked up. Though it might seem like the basics of heading out for a long period of time, according to the Office of National Statistics (ONS), 76 percent of household burglaries in England and Wales occurred when the culprit accessed the home through a door. Kevin Spencer, an expert from Yale, said: “What’s even more concerning is that of these household burglaries, 24 percent of opportunists were able to enter a property via an unlocked door, with no sophisticated attack methods needed to gain entry to these homes. "For those doors that are locked, burglars will use a range of attack methods on a door’s cylinder to try to access the property. "Therefore, it’s essential for homeowners to select standard-approved door furniture, such as a high-security cylinder and handle, to ensure their door can protect against such attacks. “Another popular entry method for burglars trying to access a property is through the windows. DON'T MISSSimple household appliance helping to catch murderers in UK [EXPLAINER]‘Waste of money’: 5 radiator mistakes that can increase energy bills [INSIGHT]‘Absolute game changer’: How to get rid of house flies using 32p hack [COMMENT] "One in five burglaries occur by these opportunists entering via a window, making shutting and locking windows an essential step in securing a home.” Ms Turner said: "When it comes to basic home security, it’s always wise to be mindful of where you place your valuables before leaving your property empty. "But especially during the summer season where homes are much more likely to be empty, be sure to move expensive electronics, such as laptops, away from windows where prying eyes could easily spot them, and always close blinds and curtains when your home is going to be empty overnight. "Investing in a light timer is a great burglar deterrent and it can be set from 7pm to 11pm to give the impression that somebody is home, it is also much more energy efficient than leaving a light on all night and day. "If you’re spending time away from your home, outdoor lighting can be an excellent addition to your home security, whether it’s solar-powered garden lights or PIR sensor lights, they will illuminate entrances and help to thwart any break-in attempts.”