Arsenal can use their 'great relationship' with Real Madrid to secure a late deal for Marco Asensio. The Gunners are again linked with Asensio as they aim to bring in a winger before the close of the transfer window on Thursday. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta confirmed last week that his plan all summer had been to sign a wide player. The departure of Nicolas Pepe to Nice on loan has now opened up a space in his squad. Wolves star Pedro Neto is their top target but a deal may be too expensive in this window. Wilfried Zaha has also been tentatively linked again with a move across London. But Asensio could end years of speculation by finally making a move to the Premier League. Spanish outlet Libertad Digital says Arsenal are interested in signing the 26-year-old. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical  It is claimed there is a 'great relationship' between Arsenal and Real following previous transfers. Arsenal most recently dealt with Real last summer, signing Martin Odegaard on a permanent deal following an initial loan spell. They also had Dani Ceballos on loan from the Bernabeu for a couple of seasons. And the Gunners could take advantage of that connection by signing Asensio. Asensio will be allowed to leave Real at the right price. However, there is yet to be a firm offer for him. The Spain international has entered the final year of his contract at Real and has also been linked with the likes of Manchester United and AC Milan. Asensio has made just one appearance so far this season. DON'T MISSParker brutally sacked by Bournemouth after Liverpool drubbingArsenal predicted XI vs Aston Villa as Arteta rests two stars for Man UtdMan Utd think they already have a Ronaldo replacement who can save them millions  He came on for the final eight minutes of the 4-1 win at Celta Vigo earlier this month. Real boss Carlo Ancelotti says he will be happy if Asensio stays but will not replace him if he does move on. Ancelotti said: "[If Asensio leaves] I'm counting on Mariano [Diaz], but he has the best in the world in that position ahead of him and it's difficult for him. We have a squad in which we have a lot of resources. "If Marco leaves we're not going to sign anyone because we don't need them. I don't know anything new about Asensio, only that he is assessing his situation. "On September 2 everything will be clarified and if he stays he will be an important player and I will be delighted, because last year he contributed a lot to the team and this season he would too."  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here