Chelsea have reached an agreement on personal terms with Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana and could also decide to battle Arsenal for the services of Yeremy Pino in the not-too-distant future, according to reports. The Blues have been chasing a move for Fofana for a number of weeks but have so far been thwarted by Leicester's reluctance to sell, with only a few weeks remaining until the end of the summer window. The Blues have already seen at least two lucrative bids knocked back by Leicester, who are in no mood to let go of their prized asset in spite of Chelsea's fixation on bringing him to Stamford Bridge. Fofana wants to join Chelsea, though, and has now settled on personal terms with the west Londoners, according to Fabrizio Romano. It is claimed that Fofana is desperate to sign for the Blues before next month's all-important transfer deadline and would be prepared to sign a contract on the agreed terms if a deal can be struck at club level in the near future. However, Leicester are yet to revise their firm stance against a move elsewhere for the 21-year-old, which suggests that Chelsea will need to improve on their previous offers in order to resolve the situation. Those in power at Chelsea are said to be planning a new bid after establishing Fofana as a priority target, with Thomas Tuchel keen on adding at least one new centre-back to his ranks over the coming days. The possibility of a successful move for the Leicester man is still believed to be on the cards, but it will be hugely difficult for the Blues to tempt the Foxes into selling without agreeing to make Fofana the world's most expensive defender. MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk. 