Chris Eubank Jr called out his own promoter, Kalle Sauerland, for lying at Friday's press conference ahead of his October 8 clash with Conor Benn. The German-born businessman was shut down after making claims that Eubank Jr broke his hand in the second round of his contest against Liam Williams. The comment was made after Eddie Hearn mentioned that 'Next Gen' showed different sides to his game in the Liam Williams fight and boxed both offensively and defensively but never 'turned the screw'. To which, Sauerland responded: "Yeah but he broke his hand in the second round though Eddie." But Eubank Jr was quick to put him right and accused him of lying, saying: "No I didn't break, come on Kalle, don't indulge." Before Hearn added: "Why are you making things up Kalle?" Eubank Jr then continued: "Come on, I know you're a promoter but you don't have to take it that far." While Sauerland tried to cover up his blunder by saying: "I would say it was a strategical performance and we got the job done."   Eubank Jr and Benn face off at the O2 Arena, London in two months' time in a 157lb catchweight contest, 29 years after their fathers and fierce rivals, Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank Sr, last fought in the ring. Although not quite as feisty as their Dads' press conferences back in the day, there was no shortage of heated exchanges when both men took to the mic. In one such war of words, Eubank Jr gave some advice to Benn ahead of fight night and warned his adversary that he will 'take him to school' when they square off in the ring. He said: "I'm going to take you to school, I'm going to walk you through the doors, I'm going to sit you down in class and I'm going to teach you every lesson you need to learn. That's how I see the fight playing out and if you want to ask me if I have any advice for him, my advice to Conor is get sparring partners who are going to really hurt you for the next eight weeks.   "That's the best shot you have because on October 8 the pain you're going to experience if you don't get your arse kicked in the gym then it's just going to be too much of a shock to your system when I put it on you on the night. So, get some tough guys in your training camp for this fight, please. That way we can make it more of a competitive event on October 8." In a similar vein, Benn gave Eubank Jr his own stern warning. He said: "I'm going to get in there and handle business and I'm going to settle the score. If he thinks he can beat me at sixty per cent that's his problem that's nothing to do with me I'm going to prepare him like I prepare for everyone else and I'm going to go in there and If I see a slight opening I'm going to take him out, I'm gonna go for him. "He needs quality sparring that's what he needs, he needs to focus, he needs to stop worrying about everything else when I'm up at two-three in the morning while he's probably still up playing poker so as far as I'm concerned I'm hungry and I'm ready for this. Is he though?"   