Today, Poundland has made some exciting announcements that mean customers can buy goodies for less and at more places. The retailer has plans to open 25 new stores between now and Christmas. Shoppers can expect 10 new and relocated stores before the end of September, and a further 15 in the pipeline by the end of 2022. The stores on track to open between August and September include Sutton Coldfield (Poundland Local); Canterbury, Marshwood Close Retail Park; Sheffield, Meadowhall Retail Park; Milton Keynes, Westcroft Retail Park (relocation); Aberdeen, Trinity Shopping Centre (relocation); Inverness, Telford Street Retail Park; and Broadstairs High Street. Shopping at Poundland is already a great money saver. READ MORE: How to save money on your restaurant bill every time But the retailer has just announced that many products in the store are about to get cheaper still. And with the cost of living on the up, every little helps when it comes to cutting costs. The variety store will cut the price of a thousand general merchandise items. This will be across all 800-plus stores. Price cuts include categories including gardening, DIY, homewares and kitchenware. Savings include numerous lines at £2 including hand and bath towels, vases, jars and storage boxes. Squirrel feeders will be just £2 with the new price cuts. Online business Poundland.com has unveiled Value Heroes, a range of £1 household staples that aims to help beat inflation. This includes essentials such as Fairy Washing Up liquid, Flash Cleaner and Men’s Nivea Shower Gel. These can also be found in physical Poundland stores as well as online. Speaking about Value Heroes, Poundland's website reads: "We know it’s getting more and more expensive to live right now, and here at Poundshop.com we want to help. "That’s why we’ve put together our Value Heroes, a range of £1 household staples you know, love and need. "We’re committed to keeping your favourites affordable - and your life on track – so you can beat inflation and get the products you need without breaking the bank." Poundland customers should also keep their eyes peeled on Wednesdays, when the retailer will stock one item for just 1p at Poundshop.com. Elbow Grease Degreaser Original 500ml is currently the one penny coveted item. What's more, the rollout of chilled and frozen food through its Diamond and Ice programmes are predicted to reach 350 stores by the autumn. Commercial director, Tim Bettley, stated: “We’re acutely aware how important value-for-money is right now for our customers – and that’s why whether it’s across grocery, clothing or homewares, we’re doubling down on our promise of amazing value." Chief operating officer, Austin Cooke, added: “The pressure on customers from inflation is real. "While we’re serving more shoppers, that’s partly offset by customers being more intentional about what they’re putting in the baskets. "That’s why we’re determined to bring more value to more places, in store and through our new online business."