Steve is best known for playing Zak Dingle on Emmerdale, the patriarch of the iconic family and the father of Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley), Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) and Sam Dingle (James Hooton), as well as four other children who are no longer on the show. Having joined the cast of the ITV soap in 1994, the actor is fast approaching 30 years on the weeknight serial drama. It seems by the time this anniversary comes around, he will also be celebrating a landmark birthday. According to the world of the village-based soap, the character Steve plays is currently 70 years old, having been born in 1952. In reality, the actor is actually younger than his alter-ego as Steve is 68 years old, as he was born on 21 March 1954. As the soap star doesn't have any social media accounts, it is not known how he celebrated his birthday earlier this year. With the actor having joined the soap over 28 years ago, this means he would have been 40 years old but he would have had to have acted older. As his character had six children at the time, Steve would have portrayed the role to make it seem he was closer to his 50s. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist It was until he was 23 years old he made his debut on television as he starred in a number of different programmes before landing the part on Emmerdale. This included playing characters in shows such as Heartbeat and Coronation Street, but this isn't where his career started. Before getting into acting, the soap star was an apprentice at the cotton and paper mills in Bury, Lancashire, where he was born. He eventually found his passion for acting when he attended the Mountview Theatre School in Peckham, South London, of which Dame Judi Dench is the president. The rest is history as the actor has become one of the most iconic faces on British television, despite slowing down recently. Discussing his life, Steve knew he was going to get the role of the Dingle patriarch as he explained: "I was born to play Zak Dingle – the cap really does fit," he told The Mirror. The soap star believes this as he has spoken about the troubled life he has led, just like his alter-ego on the show. Explaining his past, the actor said: "I can see a pattern to me leading to playing Zak. I went on a journey and it seemed to be my destiny to play this man who I understood. "Everything the Dingles had been through, I had too – trouble with the police, fighting, being evicted. "And if there were any aspects of Zak's life I hadn't lived, I knew people who had," he recalled in an interview with TV Times. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] Steve explained he was once arrested for sleeping rough in an empty Government building as he was homeless at the time. "I was sent to Ashford remand prison for two weeks and then I was put on probation and sent home." He also realised whilst working on the show he had trouble with alcohol and needed to address the problem before it took over his life. The actor said: "Having realised I was drinking more than I'd like, I decided to take some time away from work to receive treatment and I feel a lot better for it. "Recognising a problem that was in danger of becoming an addiction was a big step, and hopefully with ongoing support, I will be stronger for it." "I hope that meeting people during my treatment whose lives have been ruined by drink will be an incentive for me," he told The Mirror. By 2018, Zak's appearances on the show were becoming less and less frequent as Steve was suffering from a number of health problems. In the same year, at the age of 64, the soap star had a pacemaker fitted and needed time to recover from the procedure. Steve's head cropped up in Emmerdale in 2019 but his longest absence was a total of six months, with the actor going missing from the show until the beginning of 2020. Due to the restrictions imposed as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the actor was forced to stay at home. This meant it was a long time before viewers of the show were able to see Steve back on the set but since he has returned, Zak has mainly been seen as part of major family events. In this week's episodes, he will make an appearance as Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) marries his bride, Rhona Goskirk (Zoë Henry). Following the wedding, it's currently not known when Steve or his character Zak will show his face again but he is likely to play a part in the death of Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter). Having lost his wife, Lisa Dingle (Jane Cox), several years ago, Zak will be bidding farewell to another woman who stole his heart. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.