A television licence is needed to watch or stream programming as it is being broadcast live with the money going towards the funding of the BBC. Currently, TV licence costs £159 per year, but some people could qualify for a discount. If people watch TV programmes live on any online TV service, including Amazon Prime Video, Now TV, ITV Hub or All 4, they need to be covered by a TV Licence. Britons don’t need a TV Licence if they only ever use Netflix or other online TV services to watch on demand or catch up programmes, except if they’re watching BBC programmes on BBC iPlayer. Who is eligible for a discount?People who are blind are eligible for 50 percent of their bill. The full cost of a television licence in the UK is £159 for a colour licence and £53.50 for a black and white licence. READ MORE: Pension savers warned of 'major threat' that could increase tax to 55% - how to avoid loss Britons will need to provide evidence to the licensing body to qualify for this discount. This includes presenting documentation such as a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. Additionally, applicants should also show TV Licensing a copy of a certificate from an Ophthalmologist (eye surgeon) confirming their blindness. Alternatively, it is possible to use a certificate from a local authority as documentary evidence to qualify for the discount. READ MORE: Britons urged to consider option which 'maximises' savings as interest rates increase It should be noted that only people who are registered as being legally blind will be able to get the 50 percent concession. Certain pensioners may also be eligible for a discount on their licence. Some over 75 households are eligible for a free TV Licence. People can get a free licence if they, as the licence holder, are 75 years or older and they or their partner living at the same address, receives Pension Credit. Free TV licences for over 75s are now only available to households that receive Pension Credit.  Britons over 75 who live in qualifying care homes or sheltered accommodation are also entitled to a free licence. The rules state that residents in care homes that have ARC schemes will pay a concessionary rate of £7.50 and those over-75s in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. People who are eligible for a free TV licence who are not currently claiming one can call TV Licensing on 0300 790 6117 for guidance on the application process. Those looking to claim the 50 percent discount on the licence fee can go onto the TV Licensing website to download a form.