Eligible Britons can receive up to £3,600 every year via Carer’s Allowance. As the cost of living crisis continues, any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes. People struggling with the rising bills are urged to check if they qualify for any benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions as this could be a life line. Carers can also be eligible for Carer Premium or Carer Addition, which could top up certain benefits. The Carer Premium and Carer Addition are both £38.85 a week. To get the addition, people will need to be claiming If a person qualifies, the Carer Premium and Carer Addition will usually be added to their benefit automatically. Someone who receives Carer Premium could also be included in a claim for Council Tax reduction. To find out, people will need to contact their local council to find out more information. Britons are warned that their Carer’s Allowance may change if they claim other benefits. The Government website states: “When you claim Carer’s Allowance your other benefit payments may change, but your total benefit payments will usually either go up or stay the same. “Carer’s Allowance does not count towards the benefit cap. “If you get Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit, you must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about your Carer’s Allowance claim. “If you get Pension Credit, your payments will increase if you’re eligible for Carer’s Allowance.” The Government website recommends that people use a benefits calculator to work out how their other benefits could be affected by claiming Carer’s Allowance. Applicants need to spend at least 35 hours a week caring for someone. This can include tasks such as helping with washing and cooking, taking the person they care for to a doctor’s appointment or helping with household tasks, like managing bills and shopping. People do not have to be related to, or live with, the person they care for. Additionally, someone will not get paid extra if they care for more than one person. Individuals must earn less than £132 week after tax, National Insurance and expenses. Expenses can include 50 percent of their pension contributions, equipment they need to do their job such as specialist clothing, travel costs between different workplaces that are not paid for by their employer like fuel or train fares and business costs if they’re self-employed, for example a computer they only use for work. Successful applicants could get £69.70 a week.