Channel 5 aired a special documentary, Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughs, which took a look back at the secrets of the iconic comedy sitcom. During the episode, viewers were treated to an insight into the growing success of the show since its conception. A surprising revelation was made after the BBC show caught the eye of Queen Elizabeth II and the Queen Mother. After picking up the sitcom and viewers realising the potential, Summer Wine began to gather a large following. Jonathan Linsley who played Crusher from 1984 to 1987 explained: "We used to get people who would stand behind a wall and suddenly they would pop up because they would be told by the production manager to stay out of shot. "And then as soon as cut was shouted they would all stand up again and be behind a dry stone wall on set taking photographs and coming over and talking." The public weren't the only fans who fell for the comedic effect of the show, after catching the royal eye during their 1984 Royal Variety show performance. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty slammed by BBC viewers over 'bias' Mick Lynch probe The audience all loved it, Prince Charles may have been a fan of the Goon Show but legend has it Summer Wine was number one with the Queen's mum. Sylvia Kendall, Location Manager revealed: "The Queen Mother, she loved Summer Wine and I know that the Queen loved Summer Wine. "So that makes you feel so wonderful being a part of Summer Wine that royalty like it." Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth loved all those daft stunts as much as the rest of us, with Johnathan adding: "I met Prince Edward. "He mentioned that his mum enjoyed Last of the Summer Wine she was a big fan!" After hearing the news of the Royal seal of approval, Summer Wine and writer Roy Clarke sent the love straight back in their own comedic fashion. In a clip from a classic episode, Foggy Dewhurst (played by Brian Wilde) expressed: "They'll be here soon, Royal Corgies. "It's a royal warrant by appointment on our letterheads and we will be in with a chance of an OBE. I like it. Mr W C Dewhurst OBE," he smiled proudly. DON'T MISS...Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' [WATCH]Last Kingdom’s Father Pyrlig star pays tribute to Alexander Dreymon [LATEST]Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star [INSIGHT] After 31 seasons, the sitcom came to an end in 2010, however, the cast didn't always get along with Michael Bates, who played Cyril Blamire and Bill Owen, who played Compo Simmonite, having some off-screen tension. In the episode, Crispian Sallis, the son of the show’s Cleggy star Peter Sallis, lifted the lid on the feud. He disclosed: "Billy and my father formed a friendship straightaway, they absolutely, instantly hit it off. "Bill got on much better with Peter than he did with Michael Bates, he was very right-wing and my dad was very left-wing. "Bill was the Labour Party and Pa was sort of middle of the road, easy going, no big deal. “But Michael was Churchillian and Bill and he on the set, were just continuously clashing." Looking back on their tough relationship, Crispian added: “Pa, if not Jimmy Gilbert the director, Pa was like ‘Will you two just pack it in.’” Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughs is available to watch on My5.