At his heaviest, Tim weighed 16 and a half stone. He admitted: “I didn’t recognise what I saw when I looked in the mirror. I became really lazy with my food and that’s when the tiredness set in. I was left feeling unhappy. I knew I had got myself into a bad position health and fitness wise and needed to get back on track ASAP." Tim had previously competed in bodybuilding competitions and decided he wanted to lose weight, get fit and get back into it. For that, he followed a diet using The Skinny Food Co products, which are low-calorie, low-sugar foods designed to help people lead a healthier lifestyle without sacrificing taste and "without restrictions". Other low-calorie substitutes are available and can help with a weight loss journey. He explained: "It tasted like a treat without the calories! I now use the Skinny Food Co low-sugar syrups in my coffee for sweetness instead of sugar, the Skinny Food Co’s low-calorie BBQ sauce to add flavour to my chicken and veg at lunch time, and also their low-calorie Southwest sauce on my white fish for dinner. "Whenever I fancy a snack, I eat some porridge oats covered in their low-sugar maple flavoured syrup," Tim said. READ MORE: Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs  With a low-calorie diet plan full of flavour he was truly enjoying, Tim also implemented a training routine he was determined to stick to. He explained: "I train five to six times a week incorporating mainly weight training with a bit of cardio through prep. "Walking has also massively helped this year, and I aim to hit 15,000 steps most days. "The Skinny Food Co really helped with my fitness regime and goals, as it allowed me to enjoy my diet plans with ease so I could hit my targets."  After losing an impressive amount of weight in just a few months and looking healthier than ever, Tim shared his advice for those who want to slim down and get fit. He shared: "My biggest piece of advice is to create a plan and stick to it - you have to believe in yourself. "It doesn’t matter if you lose 1lb or 10lb, progress is progress no matter how small. "Take photos of your weekly progress so that you can see your body changing even when the scales aren’t - progress is easier to document when you’re tracking it with your own eyes’. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb “I am so much happier with the way I look, but more importantly, the way I feel mentally." Tim now feels "in a better place than ever" to take care of his young family. “My goal now is to keep competing, run my two businesses to the best of my ability and enjoy life as a father - I’m excited for what is to come.” The Skinny Food Co recommended drinking plenty of water to "avoid temptations around the house" when following a diet. "Most of the time, thirst is mistaken for food cravings or hunger. Additionally, drinking water before consuming food can decrease appetite hence assist in losing weight," they said. They also advised planning the meals and snacks ahead and opting for low-calorie and healthy snacks. "Make vegetables exciting. Pair some fresh veggies with peanut butter, hummus, or a low-fat cheese dip. "Or snack with The Skinny Food Co healthy alternative snacks, including high protein bars, low sugar chocolate treats and lots more."