“One day this book will be the most important thing I own,” she says, her voice shaking ever so slightly. In her hands is something even more precious than a first edition of Romeo & Juliet signed by Shakespeare himself: a copy of her mum’s memoir. “It was important to the whole family that we captured Mum’s story while we could and I’m so thankful we did. I can hear her voice on every page. It’s meaningless to almost everyone but to us it is absolutely priceless,” adds Lucy. Having your own life story pride of place on the book shelf may seem indulgent, even a touch narcissistic, but it’s born from a deep anguish experienced by the majority of Brits today. A survey has revealed that nearly two thirds of adults (62 percent) regret not learning more about the lives of their late parents and grandparents. Fuelled by the pandemic, and all the sobering issues of mortality and legacy that it stirred, more people than ever are committing their memories, struggles and special moments to paper. “Everyone’s got a story to tell and those stories matter and deserve to be protected for generations to come,” says Nick Boulos, an award-winning writer who founded biography writing agency Master Storytellers that pairs people with professional authors to create their very own memoir. Biographies are big business. The annual Christmas onslaught of celebrity tell-alls will soon be upon us with everyone from reality TV star Rylan and Spice Girl Mel C to Israeli politician Benjamin Netanyahu and Vogue editor Edward Enninful all hoping their titles will make it into your stockings this year. But - spoiler alert! - such high profile individuals very rarely write their own autobiographies themselves. Whether it’s because they lack the time, or the skill and poetic prowess to craft a compelling read, they enlist the help of a ‘ghostwriter’ who does all the heavy lifting on their behalf. For the longest time this unique service was reserved only for A-listers whose books were destined for the bestsellers list, but all that’s changed now. “Why should it only be celebrities who can have their life story told in such a beautiful way,” says Nick. “Our books wouldn’t look out of place on the shelves of Waterstone’s but they are not for public consumption. Instead, they are made to be shared privately amongst friends and family. “It’s all about encouraging people to record their memories and recognise how meaningful that decision will be to their grandchildren and those who come after. I will always regret not asking my grandmother more questions about her life and now, sadly, it’s too late. I want to help others avoid that same regret.” Interestingly it’s not just people in their winter years who are being drawn to the idea of documenting the journey they’ve been on. An influx of people as young as 30 are also getting in on the act, with some focusing on their childhoods and younger years and others their career and entrepreneurial efforts. Some are even planning a trilogy of books to ensure no detail is left out. For the most part, however, this new trend in exploring family history and heritage is led by those gifting a memoir to their parents and grandparents. The process is remarkably simple. Clients are carefully paired with a writer who then interviews them about their life before going away to write the manuscript. The book is then designed - including a section of glossy photos in the middle - and printed. “It was such a thrill when Mum received copies of her finished book. It looked like a proper bestseller and she gave each of us a signed copy,” laughs Lucy. Of course, the thought of divulging your inner most secrets to a stranger may not be entirely comfortable one, so Master Storytellers also runs three-night retreats in Shropshire to arm novice writers with all the tips, tricks, tools and techniques they need to write a gripping life story all by themselves. Taking over a glorious 16th century estate just outside Ludlow, the writing weekend provides a safe and nurturing space to get the creative juices flowing alongside lavish meals and country walks. “The retreats are a lot of fun but we don’t shy away from the difficult stuff,” says Nick. “There’s light and dark in every story and we encourage people to write as openly as they can about the more painful moments of their past, but that’s a very personal choice.” Do people ever worry that they haven’t got much of a story to tell? “Sometimes but even those who describe themselves as ’unremarkable’ have remarkable tales deep inside,” says Nick. “It’s our job to ask the right questions, carefully extract that information and present it in a way that’s entertaining and interesting for the reader. "We’ve written books for people from all walks of life - a housewife in Nottingham, a chap who flew Concorde for 30 years, a retired electrician, a seamstress who went on to work in the prison system, a man who opened his own safari park - and they are all real page-turners. We are yet to meet a single person who doesn’t have a story to tell.” Master Storytellers (020 8720 7112 / www.master-storytellers.com) offers biography packages from £2,600. The next memoir retreat in Shropshire will take place in March 2023 with prices from £1,195 per person including full-board accommodation and all tuition. Spaces are limited.