 Prince Charles has been tipped to stray from royal tradition as the heir to the throne has been branded an “activist” by royal commentators. Despite the monarch’s position as head of state, the royal family are viewed as politically neutral figures that, though often involved in political affairs, do not impart their own opinions. Controversially, the Prince of Wales has been described as an “activist by nature” suggesting the royal firm under the leadership of Prince Charles could see a drastic shift away from neutrality and towards a more defined line of royal opinion.     Speaking on the Channel 4 docu-series The Real Windsors, historian Dominic Sandbrook said: “I think Charles is more activist by nature.” He referenced an interview with the young Prince Charles as he added: “Those words, ‘influence and encourage’ are very telling. “He’s got passions and he’s got beliefs. “I think he always thought ‘I should make a contribution’ and some people don’t like that do they?”     Mr Sandbrook added: “Some people think he shouldn’t have any opinions at all.” The historian suggested the Prince had hoped to leave his mark on the royal family in a legacy of contributions. While heavily involved in the work of charities across the nation, when it comes to political contributions, the royal family is expected to remain neutral, with much of their public involvement with Government figures serving a more ceremonial role. Official Palace guidelines confirm the monarch should “remain strictly neutral with respect to political matters,” a line of action Prince Charles would be expected to follow when he takes the throne. Read more: Royal LIVE: Sussex fury as Duchess told to 'shut up'  Despite the traditional royal stance, Prince Charles has been noted for straying from convention to comment on political matters. When the Conservative Government outlined plans to deport migrants arriving in illegal channel crossings to Rwanda for processing, an unnamed source close to the Prince leaked his criticisms of the policy. Prince Charles was reported to have labelled the Tory scheme “appalling,” with the source adding he was “not impressed” with the Government. A spokesperson for Clarence House later said: “We would not comment on the supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral.” Don't miss: Diana's 'shadow' still looms over Camilla as 'jury out' on Duchess [INSIGHT]‘The Sussexes are unpredictable’ Harry tipped to reveal 'royal racist' [REVEAL]Harry memoir to be ‘most devastating royal release’ since Diana book [ANALYSIS]  Over the years, Prince Charles has steadily built a reputation for interfering with political affairs, leaving some royal commentators to question his suitability as heir to the throne. Royal author Margaret Holder has been outspoken about the Prince’s past of “habitual meddling” in the political sphere. Ms Holder said: “The Queen has remained impartial in her 70 years on the throne and that is what Charles should be too, especially as he may come to the throne in the next few years. “The consequence of his habitual meddling in political matters could be a rise in republicanism after the Queen goes.” Read next: Desperate Diana 'trying to find herself' in year before tragic deathPrince Charles' signal to show 'he's not enjoying himself' - Queen ...'Hard to choose!' Royal fans agonise over favourite memories from Q...TalkTV host claims Harry 'can't handle' family feuds like WilliamCamilla 'pushed' into more high-profile role by Queen