Arsenal have enjoyed a fine start to the new Premier League season but that won’t stop Mikel Arteta from searching for ways to further strengthen his squad. The Gunners are reportedly eyeing a move for Wolves star Pedro Neto with just over a week left to go until the transfer deadline on August 31. The Portuguese winger had emerged as one of the finest young attackers in the top flight before a knee injury ruled him out for the majority of the 2021-22 season. But now the 22-year-old is back fit and firing, impressing for Wolves despite a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Tottenham on Saturday, and Arsenal's interest remains prominent. It will not be easy to convince Wolves to sell their prized asset, who is understood to be rated at around £70million by his club. Arteta has already spent £120m on new signings, so the north London side may need to be shrewd in bringing the cost down — and that could include offering players in part exchange. Express Sport looks at four players who could fit the mould in moving to Molineux, helping Arsenal save a fortune in the process. READ MORE: Arsenal should reignite interest in long-term transfer target Wolves have already strengthened at centre-back this summer with the £20m acquisition of Nathan Collins from Burnley. But the addition of Holding could allow the midlands outfit to move on Willy Boly, who is currently out of favour. The club are open to selling Boly, who has been linked with Nottingham Forest. And in trying to secure a replacement, Lage has been linked with a £25m move for Braga’s David Carmo. Yet, splashing out on another player with no Premier League experience may be viewed as a risk. Holding, however, has proved to be a reliable deputy and made 60 appearances over the last two seasons. If he can stay injury-free, the 26-year-old would be a fine addition to the squad. DON'T MISSFive players Arsenal could sign before deadline after Arteta admissionArteta praises Jesus and teases Arsenal transfer plan after latest winArsenal and Chelsea alerted amid Rodgers admission over Leicester pair It is hard to believe that only two years ago, Maitland-Niles was knocking on the door for England with five international caps to his name. But after two consecutive seasons out on loan, Maitland-Niles may consider leaving the Emirates behind for good. Other mooted destinations such as Barcelona and Udinese have failed to materialise, leaving the former Spain international out in the cold. If Wolves were looking to add some pace and experience — Bellerin has over 180 Premier League appearances to his name — Lage could do a lot worse than offering him a loan move. Cashing in on Neto would open up a space in Wolves’ squad for a winger and Nelson is chomping at the bit for more game time. The 22-year-old has barely featured since Arteta took over the club in December 2019 despite looking like a promising talent under Unai Emery. A loan move to Feyenoord failed to guarantee him a permanent switch and he is unlikely to break into the Gunners’ first team any time soon, with Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe and Pepe all ahead of him in the pecking order. Competition for a starting spot in the attacking areas is rife at Molineux, with Goncalo Guedes joining Adama Traore and Daniel Podence after signing from Valencia. But another loan in the Premier League could help Nelson prove whether he is capable of forging a future at Arsenal for himself.