The Sandman is on Netflix now and it is not the first adaptation of the Neil Gaiman comics. However, it has proven to be the most successful due to Neil's personal involvement. The star opened up about the prospect of a second season to Express.co.uk and other press. The Sandman has gone down a huge hit on Netflix as Tom Sturridge made a lasting impression as the title character. Dream was left to repair his kingdom after it was destroyed during his time in captivity. The end of the series sets things up nicely for a second outing, with Lucifer Morningstar (played by Gwendoline Christie) declaring war against Morpheus. The Netflix hit has not officially been given the green light, but Neil said he has already written a second season. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, he said: "I think it's fair to say if we get to make more Sandman, which I very much hope that we do, it's going to remain incredibly faithful to [comics]. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter "But there are definitely places where you may be very familiar with the comics but you don't know what's going to happen next. "And you don't know how we are going to do it and there are plans for things like that up ahead. "All of them are things that will give you more characters you might love and want to know more about. "And there are places where I simply did not have the real estate in the comic to tell that story. "I had 24 pages a month and six panels a page." Neil said there could be a new character from the comics, Wanda, making an appearance. Wanda is a trans woman with an incredibly powerful storyline yet to be told. Neil told The Metro at The Sandman premiere: "We made sure that we had, for the season two writers room, that we had trans and we had NB [non-binary] people in the writers room working on it because that seemed to us to be the only way to do it. "So The Sandman, we’ll get Wanda, we’ll get all of that stuff – as long as enough people watch season one and they let us keep going." Screenwriter Allan Heinberg said previous attempts to showcase the comics may not have taken off as Neil had not been invited to join the creative process. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast guest told ‘put it away’ after wardrobe mishap [VIDEO] How many episodes are in Shetland season 7? [EXPLAINER] Amy Mitchell EastEnders: Why has Amy been recast? [INSIGHT] He told Express.co.uk and others: "David Goyer, who was a producer on [the previous Sandman films], went to Neil and said 'I think we could do this as a streaming show'. "'I think now is the time and streaming is obviously the way to do a novel over the course of many seasons'. "He went to Warner Brothers and basically said it's time to bring Neil Gaiman into the project and make him a producer and have him supervise the entire thing. "The only way to do this is to do it faithfully and to do it with the author and Warner Brothers said 'absolutely'. "I was very fortunate in that they were both too busy to write it themselves at that time. "So David invited me into the collaborative process and Neil and I met and started working together and now here we are three years later." Boyd Holbrook plays The Corinthian in the series and he opened up about how he was excited to play the 'bad guy'. He said: "When I told my friends about it I got this idea he was this really wild character. "And the more we rehearsed it and worked on it, it became more like a Silence of the Lambs tone. "He has been around for ages, he has become a connoisseur of all things."  The Sandman is on Netflix now.