Manchester United icon Lou Macari stunned MUTV viewers with a sharp rant about the club's summer pursuit of Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot. Macari was a studio guest during the coverage of Erik ten Hag's latest press conference on Friday when he expressed his 'bad feeling' about the potential transfer. United are pushing forward with plans to sign Rabiot as Ten Hag looks to bolster his midfield options ahead of the September 1 transfer deadline. But the 27-year-old's potential Old Trafford arrival has been met with mass scepticism among fans, and Macari shares the same attitude. Following Ten Hag's press conference ahead of Saturday's trip to Brentford, Macari was involved in a discussion about United's summer transfer business. When Rabiot's name came up, he didn't mince his words about his uncertainty over the Frenchman's credentials. He said: "I'd never really heard of him [Rabiot]. Clubs spend millions of pounds scouting players across Europe, but nobody else has made a move for this fella. Why do you think this is? I have got a bad feeling about the guy." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag gives verdict on Marcus Rashford's Man Utd future United football director John Murtough has travelled to Turin for crunch face-to-face talks with Rabiot and his mother and agent, Veronique. Ten Hag's interest in the Juventus ace is considered separate from priority summer target Frenkie de Jong. The Red Devils have agreed a fee in the region of £15m for Rabiot's services, and Murtough will hope to shake hands on personal terms on Friday. While any new faces are off the cards for Saturday's important clash at Brentford, Ten Hag's options could be bolstered for the third game of the season against Liverpool in 10 days. He also wants a new goalkeeper, right-back and forward before his first transfer window as United boss slams shut. READ MORE: Arsenal sent 'whispers' about Diaby as Gunners learn Leverkusen fee Speaking to the media on Friday, the Dutchman expressed his confidence that the club will back him with new recruits this month. When asked if United would ensure his squad is better and more well-rounded at the end of the window than it is now, Ten Hag responded: "We have to. I am convinced we will have." He has made three signings so far this summer, splashing just under £60m on Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen. And the opening weekend defeat at home to Brighton & Hove Albion proved that plenty more reinforcements are required if he's to start his rebuild on a positive note. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt