Manchester United legend Gary Neville thinks his old side aren’t giving up on Frenkie de Jong because of Erik ten Hag. The Netherlands international has been linked with the Red Devils for three months straight. And there’s still no end to the saga, despite their determination to bring the 25-year-old to Old Trafford. Manchester United have spent 12 weeks locked in talks for De Jong. The Barcelona star is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp but, behind the scenes, the Red Devils are still confident they can bring the Netherlands international to Old Trafford. And Sky Sports pundit Neville has now expressed a belief United haven’t given up on De Jong because of Ten Hag, who has been driving interest over at Old Trafford. “Look if the manager has a relationship with the player, you’d have thought United would have abandoned that deal many years ago,” he said. “If Ten Hag trusts, knows, looks…they’d have surely aborted that mission weeks ago. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “You’ve got to read between the lines a little bit and think he must be getting told something that we’re not. “If he’s said ‘no I’m not coming I want to stay at Barcelona’ or ‘I want to go to London to play in the Champions League’, surely at that point United would have said ‘we’re out of the race for Frenkie de Jong. “That they’re still in it, there must be something there.” Neville does think, however, that United have ‘a lot’ riding on the deal for De Jong. Having spent a quarter of a year pursuing the midfielder, it would be a nightmare for the Red Devils if they missed out on their leading target. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And Neville said: “There’s a lot on that De Jong deal. “Just generally. Not just for the team but for the club, the new operation, so they can get a deal over the line. “There are three scenarios. One is that they get him, they look smart, they look patient, they look like they’ve bided their time and got the deal that they wanted. “Or, he stays at Barcelona. Which I think could be slightly embarrassing given the relationship the manager’s got with the player. “Or the horrific outcome is that, he doesn’t just leave Barcelona, he goes to Chelsea - a competitor in the Premier League. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “That wouldn’t be a good outcome for United’s recruitment department. I think that would cause problems in the next few weeks. “At the moment, it might be in two or three weeks Ronaldo settles down, says he’s staying, the football they’ve played in pre-season has been great, they might get De Jong over the line, all of a sudden you’re thinking: oh wow, it could be United.” Neville does concede, however, that United don’t currently look equipped enough to challenge Arsenal for a place in the top four. The Gunners have snapped up the likes of Gabriel Jesus, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Fabio Vieira, and Marquinhos so far this summer. United, by comparison, have landed Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Neville has also touched upon the Cristiano Ronaldo situation, insisting the Portugal international is a detriment to his team at present. “United, you talk about stability, they’ve got the De Jong situation which is dragging on,” he said. “You’ve got the Ronaldo situation which, to be fair, is a distraction and causing them disturbance and it will distract the manager in his press conferences and take away from the ethic he’s built on that pre-season tour. “There’s definitely more questions on United as they’ve not got the business done and a star player, he could leave, he might stay, you have to say Arsenal.” United kick off their Premier League campaign against Brighton on August 7 (2pm). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here