And then we are told that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are moving to escape the pressure of living at Kensington Palace and sending their children to a new school at a total cost of £53,000 a year. My heart bleeds for them, how on earth do they cope?, asks Maurice Hickman, a Daily Express reader from Petersfield, Hants. At a time when the travel industry needs as much help as it can get, it is counterproductive to make holidays abroad too expensive, says Jacqueline Willard, from Forest Gate, Gtr London. Fifty per cent of people in the UK are expected to get cancer in their lifetimes (in our family it's 100 per cent). It would be helpful if someone could do a study of all holiday insurance claims to find out just how many occurred as a result of a recurrence of cancer. I could almost guarantee the result would be zero. Jacqueline Willard, Forest Gate, Gtr London I recall Vladimir Putin being questioned about all the deaths inflicted at the start of the war in Ukraine, to which he replied dismissively that it was "unfortunate", says Valerie Silver, from Basingstoke, Hants. It is no surprise that six months on, after many more deaths, his war has landed on his doorstep. His only way forward is to build on the support that he still has, de-escalate the attacks on Ukraine and focus on his own legal territory. With all the panic over gas and oil prices and availability, is it not time that the way Ofgem calculates these projected costs was published, so that people can see for themselves who is making the huge profits?, asks Keith Betts, from Bradford. Perhaps some controls could be introduced to prevent extreme profit taking. The increasing figures will only cause greater distress to ordinary people who have absolutely no chance of being able to pay the amounts concerned. Predictions of massive inflation and price rises for years to come are based on assumptions by doom-mongers. No wonder people feel they need massive pay rises, which will only make things worse, says Malcolm Charnock, from Kidderminster, Worcs. We need a leader urging us to pull together and endure this financial blitz, and assuring us that good times will return. We need a light at the end of the tunnel.We need a leader now.