Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool would have already signed a midfielder if there was one that ticked the boxes they require but there are two intriguing cut-price options at Leicester who are yet to be explored. The Reds are staring a potential crisis in the face after they succumbed to a 2-1 defeat to bitter rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Monday night. Seasoned veteran James Milner looked several yards off the pace - somewhat understandably - while Jordan Henderson continued his sloppy start to the 2022/23 campaign, giving away the ball with a poor touch for United's second goal that was scored by Marcus Rashford. Raw talent Harvey Elliott showed flashes of promise but he too looked slightly out of his depth as Erik ten Hag secured his first league victory as United boss since replacing Ralf Rangnick earlier this summer. Unsurprisingly, Naby Keita is back on the treatment table amid claims of a contract dispute while Thiago Alcantara and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are also powerless due to injuries. Additionally, Liverpool's inspector gadget Fabinho's fitness is being monitored carefully, hence why he did not start at Old Trafford. He was sorely missed in the middle of the park. JUST IN: Chelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap deal Klopp is now facing continued questions on the proposition of signing a midfielder but the fiery German tactician seems adamant Liverpool will not sign one for the sake of it - even though it's crystal clear they need one, fast. One standout solution is Leicester City contract rebel Youri Tielemans, who is now in the final 12 months of his current deal at the King Power Stadium. The Belgian technician wants to play Champions League football and was left out of the Leicester starting XI for the 2-1 defeat to Southampton last Saturday. Given his dwindling contract, Leicester will be keen to cash in on the former Monaco man to avoid losing him on a free transfer next summer when Tielemans would be entitled to a sizeable salary increase elsewhere. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone call This is exactly where Liverpool can pounce as £25million would still represent an exciting, worthwhile transfer for the Reds that would lift spirits around Kirkby. Tielemans has bundles of quality including over a dead-ball, while he is also accustomed to the Premier League, where he has flourished for three-and-a-half seasons. Furthermore, he is vastly experienced at international level and is only going to improve at the ripe age of 25. His fresh injection of quality would be worth its weight in gold with Liverpool already losing crucial ground in the Premier League title race on the likes of Manchester City and Arsenal. Klopp need a new signing to lift the place after such an underwhelming start to the campaign and £25m would hardly drag Liverpool into the pits of financial despair. It's a competitive deal and one that is definitely worth considering. If Liverpool were feeling even more savvy, Tielemans' Leicester team-mate Boubakary Soumare is also up for grabs for a reported £15m - a snip when you consider how highly he was rated just over 12 months ago. When the Foxes landed him from Lille in 2021 for just £17m amid interest from Chelsea and Manchester United - the move was described as one of the bargains of the summer window. Yet for one reason or another, Soumare has struggled to adapt to Brendan Rodgers' methods and style of football at the King Power Stadium. Monaco and Crystal Palace have shown interest but if Liverpool were bold enough to make their move, they could help Soumare fulfil his potential for virtually peanuts. He is still only 23 and would represent a respectable addition both for the present and future, while allowing Liverpool to keep their finances in check. Liverpool would also have a long-term deputy for Fabinho at hand that would only bolster their chances of winning more silverware - by helping pad out the depth in Klopp's ranks. Whether they do consider either player, is another question altogether.