Savoo analysed the cost of an all-inclusive holiday per person across 46 destinations to find the best-value hotspot. The cheapest spot cost less than £500 per person. But how much did an all-inclusive holiday in each destination cost?  READ MORE: The worst airline for flight delays shared  The coastal city of Agadir in Morocco cost £490 per person for a last-minute holiday. Perfect for beach lovers, the city is one of the country’s most stunning resorts. Holidaymakers can enjoy beaches with golden sand, shop in the city’s souks or relax at one of Agadir’s hammans. Adventurous tourists can take a hike to the atmospheric Agadir Oufella ruins which overlook the city’s fishing port and beach. Agadir is the perfect destination for winter sun as Morocco enjoys a warm climate for much of the year. Spain’s Costa Brava was the second cheapest destination for an all-inclusive holiday. Just north of Barcelona, the region is known for its beaches. A last-minute all-inclusive holiday in Costa Brava was just £546 per person, making it one of Spain’s cheapest spots. Lloret de Mar is one of the area’s top beach resorts and has many cheap bars and nightclubs for tourists. Children will also be happy as the resort offers calm waters and has a huge water park with slides. READ MORE: Cruise ship rage - ‘The Mediterranean is dying’ Istanbul was the cheapest spot in Turkey and a holiday cost less then £559 for an all-inclusive break. The Turkish city has many incredible sites for tourists to explore including the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia. Visitors can also climb the city’s Galata Tower or take a trip on the Bosphorus river to see Istanbul from all angles. Sorrento in Italy also made the top five with a budget break costing just under £600 at £593 for an all-inclusive. Sorrento overlooks Italy’s Bay of Naples and is known for gorgeous sea views and delicious pizza. In fifth place, a holiday in the Canary Islands in stunning Fuerteventura cost just over £600 at £612. Fuerteventura’s volcanic beaches are incredible to explore and there are many sheltered coves to relax in. The island’s subtropical climate makes it the perfect spot to visit for a holiday in the winter sun.