But amid this relentless bombardment there has been one strange absence. So frenetic elsewhere, the two candidates have said almost nothing about immigration, one of the most controversial issues facing our country. Indeed, opinion polls show Tory supporters regard this as the second most important subject after the economy. What makes the candidates’ silence all the more bizarre is that a policy of strong borders should be natural territory for them. After all it was a Tory government that presided over Brexit, whose central theme was the need to “take back control” of our own national jurisdiction, including our borders. Yet, six years later, the Tories have failed miserably in that task. As the integrity of our frontier crumbles, the Home Office looks on impotently and the surge in new arrivals grows ever stronger. The collapse in the British state’s willingness to stem the swelling tide is epitomised by the shameful crisis in the English Channel, where the Border Force increasingly acts as a combination of ferry service and social work agency for migrants, legal or otherwise. This enfeebled approach emboldens the people smugglers, who are now so confident that they openly advertise their operations online, boasting in some cases of their special prices of £3,500 per journey. In this climate of deepening anarchy, no fewer than 696 migrants made the crossing on Monday, the highest figure this year. Some 17,000 have already made it to Kent in 2022, which means the record 28,526 arrivals last year could easily be topped. On so many levels, the Channel shambles is a disaster for Britain. It makes a mockery of the rule of law, fuels criminal gangsterism, and is unfair on migrants who seek to use legal routes to the UK.  Central to these groups’ propaganda in support of mass immigration are the claims that open borders create a prosperous, enterprising, vibrant society. Such assertions are contradicted by reality. Record- breaking numbers, far from making Britain richer, have been accompanied by sluggish growth, falling living standards and worsening poverty. The idea that most migrants come here to work is a fashionable myth. Of the one million visas granted last year, only 27 per cent were for work. The recent demographic revolution has imposed an intolerable strain on our civic infrastructure, from the welfare system to the NHS. It is little wonder that GP services are in crisis, given the 7 million new registrations by migrants since 2010. Just as damaging is the loss of social cohesion as Britain becomes more segregated, a process accelerated by the woke ideologues who are determined to trash our heritage and foment division. To express concerns is not racist but rather a call for a spirit of solidarity. Given that more than half of the original contenders in the current leadership contest were from ethnic minorities, the Tory party had a great opportunity for an open debate on immigration, providing the new Prime Minister with a mandate for change. Sadly, it looks like that chance could be missed. 