Simon Jordan has mocked Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag by describing him as a “small man in a suit that doesn’t fit him.” The Red Devils finally got their season up and running on Monday night as they defeated Liverpool at Old Trafford following back-to-back losses. Ten Hag took the helm in the north west this summer as United chiefs turned to the Dutchman to restore the team to their former glory. But his Red Devils tenure began in dismal fashion after Brighton condemned his side to a 2-1 home defeat, before Brentford humbled them 4-0 in west London. United were much-improved on Monday night as they stunned Liverpool to register a 2-1 victory. But after Ten Hag was interviewed in the aftermath of the showdown, Jordan admitted he wasn’t impressed by the 52-year-old, despite the result against the Merseyside giants. “Do you know what I took away from that interview yesterday, honestly - and people are going to say negative Jordan - I looked at Ten Hag and I thought, ‘this job’s going to be too big for you,’” Jordan told talkSPORT. “That was my take away. JUST IN: Man Utd: Ten Hag made history vs Liverpool and picks out double act   “I listened to the interview, I watched him stand there - and I know that you’re going to say, ‘what the hell does this mean,’ - [but] I looked at a small man in a suit that doesn’t fit him and I thought to myself, ‘you don’t look like I thought you would.’ “Do you know what I thought he’d look like in personality and demeanour - Jaap Stam. That sort of chest out. I know he’s not got the physical components of Jaap Stam.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Fernandes spills info on Ronaldo after Liverpool winJude Bellingham to Liverpool: £103m move 'expected', Gerrard backingLiverpool's Klopp makes 'ridiculous' claim after Man Utd defeat       Ten Hag dropped Cristiano Ronaldo to the bench for the visit of the Reds and instead named 20-year-old Anthony Elanga in the starting line-up. The winger hit the post early on before teeing-up Jadon Sancho for his side’s opener. But Jordan doesn’t believe Ten Hag should be given credit for the decision. “Ronaldo isn’t fit,” the ex-Crystal Palace chairman added. “It’s an easy decision not to play Ronaldo because he isn’t match fit. So I don’t look at it and go, ‘well that was such a brave decision.’ “Because the media build up a back story about how important Ronaldo is, it doesn’t mean that Ten Hag is so brave that he doesn’t follow the narrative of the scribes. He can see if Ronaldo is fit or not. So if Ronaldo isn’t match fit you wouldn’t play him would you.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 