As the cost of living crisis continues, and energy bills soar, any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes. The Government introduced support measures to help during the cost of living crisis to help people pay their bills. Households across the UK will receive a £650 cost of living grant which is to be paid two instalments. Households on means-tested benefits are eligible to get this cash boost which could prove vital during winter. With the energy price cap set to soar to £3,549 a year in October – an increase of 80 percent from the last announcement – many people will be hoping for some additional support this winter. The grant is being paid by the Department for Work and Pensions. READ MORE: Britons face 'winter catastrophe' as prepay meter energy bills could hit £700 in months Claimants need to have been in receipt of one of these benefits, or have began a successful claim, as of May, 25 . Many Britons received their first cost of living support payment in July, with the second cost of living support payment due to land in people’s bank accounts this autumn. However, not everyone will receive it at the same time and it will depend on which benefits people are claiming. Britons who claim tax credits will receive the money later in order to avoid duplicate payments. READ MORE: Dragons' Den cast 'concerned' over pitch for £225k - 'Should be turning over £7m a year' The DWP has confirmed the cost of living support payments will be made: Precise dates are yet to be confirmed. The first instalment of the £650 was available from Thursday, July 14 onwards. If someone is yet to receive their payment, there may be a couple of reasons why it has not arrived. The DWP has given the following reasons why payment might be late: Meanwhile, all households can expect a £400 discount on their energy bills in the autumn. Pensioner households will receive an additional £300 one-off payment while disabled people will get a £150 payment. £150 council tax rebate for council tax bands A-D in England and £150 Disability Cost of Living Payment from September 20 for those receiving an eligible UK disability benefit. People can visit GOV.UK to find out more on which benefits they could claim.