William and Kate, both 40, are tipped to be downsizing their home over the next couple of weeks. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly eyeing a move into Adelaide Cottage on the Queen’s Windsor estate. The four-bedroom property is relatively modest compared to their current residence of Kensington Palace. But upping sticks will move the young Cambridges, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, closer to their great-grandmother the Queen. Her Majesty’s private apartments at Windsor Castle will now be just a ten-minute walk from the family. The Cambridges will, however, live without their Spanish Norland nanny, Maria Borrallo, according to the Daily Telegraph. The nanny and other household staff, believed to include a chef and a housekeeper, will live separately to the family, despite previously being “live-in”. The fact that the Cambridges have any staff at all marks a U-turn from their previous position on outside staff as they prepared to become newlyweds. A few months before the couple tied the knot in December 2010, William and Kate snubbed the idea of having household staff. JUST IN: Royal Family: 'Desperate' Harry and Meghan spark fierce backlash announcing UK return The future King and Queen were at the time living in William’s rented cottage on the Welsh island of Anglesey. The Cambridges did all their own chores, including cooking and cleaning, a world away from their current situation. They were said to believe that having household staff would intrude on the intimacy of their relationship. Once William completed his tour as an RAF Search and Rescue pilot, the Cambridges wanted to maintain their independence, according to a senior royal source. Speaking to the Telegraph, they said: “It is very much their instinct to manage on their own. “They want to do their duty and make sure they are a real asset to the country, but they are private individuals who want to get on with their lives. “Prince William is not into extravagance and, like any other young officer in the armed forces, that is how he chooses to live his life. “He and Catherine live without domestic staff, and they wouldn’t do it any other way. That’s the life they want to lead. “The Prince is committed to his career at RAF Valley until 2013 and he wants his wife by his side during that time.” William’s initial wishes to continue without household staff contrasted to the life of his father, Prince Charles. DON'T MISS: Spain's King Juan Carlos 'essentially sold into slavery' by father in bid to return throne [LATEST]'Like phoenix from ashes' Harry to use book to 'rewrite his story' to become US leader [INSIGHT]Diana's 'shadow' still looms over Camilla as 'jury out' on Duchess as Queen Consort [ANALYSIS] The Prince of Wales was understood to have kept as many as 149 staff, including personal staff. Despite taking on a few staff over the years, William and Kate have developed reputations as hands-on parents. Speaking to Apple's Fitness+ Time to Walk series last year, the Duke admitted how he deals with disagreements between their children during their morning routine. He said: “Most mornings there's a massive fight between Charlotte and George as to what song is played. “And I have to, now, basically prioritise that one day someone does this one, and another day it's someone else's turn. “So, George gets his go, then Charlotte gets her go.”