Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie, the hosts of the Royally Obsessed podcast, have noted similarities between Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and her two youngest children, 7-year-old Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, 4. The hosts agreed that the two youngest Cambridge children have adopted Kate's "expressive" personality, with Ms Bowie observing that it seems as though "a royal who grows up royal", like Prince William and Prince Harry, almost "train themselves" to not show much expression. Speaking of Princess Charlotte at the Commonwealth Games this week, Ms Bowie said: "I have to say the facial expressions remind me a lot of Kate watching Wimbledon." She noted that Louis, Charlotte and Kate are all very '"expressive". Ms Bowie added: 'A royal who grows up royal, like William and Harry is really like, I feel like they train themselves to not show expression that much, and emotions." Ms Fiorito responded: "That's a very good observation, I like that." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry in shock message as monarch heaps praise on William Ms Bowie added; "You know what I mean, Kate is so expressive. "So I think they get that from their mum." Body language expert Judi James discussed the recent interaction between Kate and her only daughter at the Commonwealth Games. Ms James noted how Kate uses "expressive gesticulation" in what looks like "a bid to build her enthusiasm, anticipation and excitement for the sport they are watching”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle tipped to deploy 'centuries-old tactic' on her birthday TODAY 'textbook' Meg She adds that Kate goes to "great lengths" to engage with the 7-year-old. The youngest of the three Cambridge children, Prince Louis, left royal fans in stitches over his hilarious antics during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. During the Trooping The Colour balcony appearance, the four-year-old appeared highly amused by what was going on around him, before covering his ears and pulling faces due to the noise from the RAF planes overhead. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [REPORT] 'Very painful time' Queen's mother 'left alone' to deal with loss [REVEAL] Queen warned Harry's mention of royals in book 'would be razor sharp' [INSIGHT] During the celebratory pageant, which took place on the final day of celebrations, Prince Louis, again, stole the show. Sitting along his parents and siblings, the young royal started to appear restless, with Kate trying her best to get him to behave and sit still. Louis was seen pulling faces, and at one point, covering Kate's face with his hand. READ NEXT: