P-Valley has been missing from the small screen for the past couple of years so Starz subscribers rejoiced when it returned for its second series in June 2022. The intense stripper drama wouldn't be the same without the likes of fabulous Uncle Clifford (played by Nicco Annan) who has been at the epicentre of some heartbreaking scenes this time around. While fans may best know Annan as Uncle Clifford, the 33-year-old has been in other shows apart from P-Valley. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley.Actor Nicco Annan has appeared in various dramas throughout his television career so far which first started in 2014 with GMA Network's Half Sisters. From then, Annan went on to appear in shows such as Shameless, This is Us, Claws and Family Reunion. He then went on to star in the hit Starz drama P-Valley as Uncle Clifford, whose family has owned The Pynk club for generations, in 2020. Two years before P-Valley even came about, Annan made quite the impression on FX viewers. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold Set in '80s Los Angeles, Snowfall tells the tale of the crack cocaine epidemic during its infant years. The drama shows how the drug had a radical impact on the city as well as the rest of the country during this time. In the second season of Snowfall, episode seven, The World is Yours, the gang goes to Claudia Crane's (Judith Scott) nightclub to discuss business. It is during one of these scenes at her thriving business that Annan can be seen in Snowfall. Annan plays Laurent de Laurent in Snowfall, who is described as a "transvestite host" of a gay night at the club. He only appeared momentarily on screen for this particular episode but P-Valley fans are excited to see what he got up to before his biggest role to date. Season two of the Starz series also welcomed another face from the cast of Snowfall. This time, in the shape of actress Gail Bean who plays Wanda Bell in Snowfall, and stripper Roulette in P-Valley. DON'T MISS...Alex Scott slams stadiums who refused to host womens football [REACTION]Raising Kanan season 2 release date, trailer, cast, plot [RELEASE DATE]P-Valley’s Big Teak star pays heartfelt tribute after emotional exit [TRIBUTE] According to his IMDb page, Annan has got another series in the works. He will be starring as Jeff "Beatty" Boy in the upcoming comedy Served which "follows the vibrant staff of a stylish LA eatery in their effort to function as a makeshift family, framed - in part - through the journey of a young Hispanic man whose hopes of being a server are suddenly dashed when he's relegated to the back of the house". Annan will star alongside Robert J Steinmiller, Kacie Rogers, Luca Malacrino, Allison Blaize and Marc Anthony Sepulveda. As of yet, a release date or an official channel hasn't been announced for Served. P-Valley fans were left teary-eyed once again as it was time to say a final goodbye to Big Teak (John Clarence Stewart) who died by suicide earlier on in the series. Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) kept how his friend and former lover died a secret from everyone, bar Uncle Clifford who was there on the night to console him. They have grown closer as a result of Big Teak's death but their relationship remains undefined. P-Valley season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.