Broadcaster Camilla Tominey has claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will not be visiting Prince William and Kate Middleton when they visit London in September. Camilla, who made the allegations on Tuesday's instalment of This Morning, told ITV viewers she thought it was an "odd" and "depressing" decision. When This Morning host Andi Peters asked Camilla if the Sussexes were going to visit the rest of the Royal Family when they touch down in the UK next month she replied: "Maybe they will pop in on the Queen." She explained Harry and Meghan have an event planned in Manchester and an event planned in Germany to mark the next Invictus Games. "We have reported in the Telegraph this morning there are no plans to see William and Kate," the journalist added. "I suppose that seems odd as they came over for the Platinum Jubilee and there was apparently no interaction between both couples." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers While Camilla said she appreciated it was a "very busy weekend" for the royals during the Jubilee celebrations earlier this summer, she thought it was a "bit depressing".  Meghan and Harry's tell-all interview with the American talk show host stunned viewers around the globe. Harry criticised the Royal Family's failure to intervene when Meghan was facing a storm of media criticism. Commentator Nick Ferarri, who was part of the This Morning debate, reminded ITV viewers: "We are approaching the 25th anniversary of Princess Diana's death and the fact her two sons are like this, that for me is the greatest sadness. "No parent likes to see their kids fighting, but the fact we are so close to this date and the lads are like this, I think is desperately disappointing and heartbreaking." DON'T MISS...Why Meghan Markle is a Princess - royal title explained [EXPLAINER]Lili & Archie tipped not to come to UK with Meghan Markle and Harry [LATEST]Meghan 'taken aback' by Harry revelations as 'raw feelings' emerge [UPDATE] The shadow of Princess Diana's untimely death still looms over the British monarchy. Diana tragically died at the age of 36 when she was involved in a car crash in Paris on August 31, 1997. Her sons, who were just 12 and 15 at the time of her death, were staying with the Queen in Scotland when they lost their mother. Camilla later said during her appearance on This Morning: "A lot has been said and done now we have got Harry's biography coming and that might not help matters."  Harry is set to release a memoir which will reportedly detail "the highs and lows" of his lifetime in the public eye. In a statement announcing his intention to release the book, the Duke said: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” Harry "stepped back" from his role as a senior royal with Meghan in 2020 and now resides with her and their children, Archie and Lilibet, in California. This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV. 