Officers said they need to be able to “build up a strong evidential picture” after Olivia Pratt-Korbel’s killing. They renewed their appeal for information about a vehicle at the scene on the night of the shooting. It came after the two men arrested over the death were bailed yesterday evening. A 36-year-old man, from Huyton, has been recalled to prison after breaching the terms of his licence. Both he and a 33-year-old man, from Dovecot, were arrested on suspicion of murder and two counts of attempted murder. Olivia was shot on Monday night after a gunman chased his intended target, who has been named as convicted burglar Joseph Nee, into the family home in Dovecot, also injuring the girl’s mother Cheryl, 46. Merseyside Police said: “Our investigation into Olivia’s tragic murder is ongoing and we still need people to come forward so we can build up a strong evidential picture and bring those responsible to justice. “We are still appealing to anyone who saw a black Audi Q3 car in the days leading up to the shooting, or has any information about its movements after leaving Kingsheath Avenue on the night of the shooting.” The force has previously released an image of a black Audi Q3, which has been seized and which they believe is the same car used to take Nee, 35, to hospital. Police also pushed their appeal for information on social media, insisting “silence is not an option”. The force tweeted: “A simple request – share this far and wide, to everyone you know, and ask them to share it further still, so that there’s no hiding place for anyone involved in the murder of little Olivia. We need names. Silence is not an option.” Police earlier released aerial footage of the moment the 36-year-old was detained by armed officers. Neighbours spoke of seeing armed police “all in black with balaclavas on and machine guns” descend on a block of flats. Following the tragedy Olivia’s family desperately urged people to “do the right thing”. In a statement they said: “If anyone knows anything, now is the time to speak up. It is not about being a ‘snitch’ or a ‘grass’, it is about finding out who took our baby away from us.” In the streets in and around the area the mood was a mixture of shock and anger.