Despite fuel prices slowly dropping, they still remain high. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to pay 173.46p per litre of unleaded and 184.21p per litre of diesel on average. With that in mind experts at A-Plan Insurance have put together 10 key steps that drivers should follow if they want to save money on fuel. These are: The RAC says driving at 45 – 50mph is the most efficient speed for fuel consumption, not the ‘56mph myth’ many have been adhering to. READ MORE: Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for not using air con According to the Department for Transport, driving at 70mph uses up to nine percent more fuel than at 60mph and up to 15 percent more than at 50mph. Driving at 80mph can use up to 25 percent more than at 70mph. Use cruise control for motorway driving if you have it. Change up and down multiple gears at a time and change to the highest suitable gear as soon as you can to avoid over-revving. The AA advises against coasting, where you engage “neutral” or drive with the clutch held down, deeming it unsafe and unlikely to save you any fuel. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of two years in prison for driving after summer rain [WARNING] Elderly driver left furious after receiving 'unfair' £90 fines [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of 'risky' fuel-saving tricks that may cause collisions [REVEAL] Developing a smooth driving technique is a great way to save on fuel. If you’re approaching traffic lights, for example, slow down early so that they may have changed by the time you reach them, meaning you might not need to stop at all. Anticipate the road in front of you and ease off the throttle and maintain momentum rather than braking hard and then accelerating again. READ MORE: Petrol station offers fuel for 159.7p per litre The drag from carrying extra weight reduces your car’s fuel efficiency, so remove any unnecessary items from the boot, and remove your bike rack or roof rack when you don’t need it. A heavier car needs more fuel to keep it moving. Using aircon can increase fuel consumption by around 10 percent according to the AA. Opening your windows (or lowering your soft top) is a cheaper option. Check your tyre pressure at least once a month. Under-inflated tyres burn more fuel. If tyres are eight pounds underinflated (not an uncommon condition), the rolling resistance of the tyres increases by five percent. Keep everything in tip-top efficient condition. Replace oil, air and fuel filters at the recommended intervals. If you are taking short trips, it’s even more important to switch off that aircon as it will use most of its energy for the initial cool-down. Idling consumes around 0.6 litres of fuel per hour. A vehicle with a stop/start engine is recommended if you are frequently stuck in traffic jams. Google Maps can be a fuel saver by pointing out routes that are congested and offering alternatives that keep you moving. While we’re focusing on money saving and realise a new car isn’t an option for many right now, some may be in a position to update their vehicle. With the rising cost of fuel, investing in a newer car will immediately save you a fortune in fuel – as well as reduce your road tax.