The Duke's hotly-anticipated memoir is "tentatively" scheduled for later this year, but the publication date is not public. The book, ghost-written by Pulitzer Prize-winning JR Moehringer, will be published by Penguin Random House. The Duke of Sussex, 37, has promised the memoir will be "wholly truthful" and a "definitive account" of his life. Prince Harry said he was "deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful". Professor Cele Otnes, co-author of 'Royal Fever' and royal branding expert, pinpointed the “celebrity” atmosphere surrounding the memoir, which appears to show the Duke of Sussex “leaving the norms of royalty behind and seeking his own path”. She added: “I am pretty sure it will sell well because of the appeal it will have to Royal Rubberneckers, who won't be able to resist seeing what, if any, dirt he has spilled.” Professor Otnes then described this “dirt” as at the main anticipation ahead of the memoir's release. The “question” will be whether Prince Harry’s account “will be restrained”, and “therefore a huge relief” to the Firm, or “rebellious”. The latter would involve “revealing more about the members of the Royal brand than they believe should occur” which could “subsequently damage them”. Professor Otnes then added she “strongly” doubted that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would follow in the footsteps of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex by releasing memoirs. READ MORE: Prince Harry opens up on heartbreaking wish for Archie and Lilibet She explained: “They are working royals who, no doubt, share the belief that there is the need to retain some mystique about the Royal Family, as well as to protect their own privacy, and that of their family. “I doubt very strongly that Prince William would be motivated to write memoirs because his brother, who is no longer a working royal, has done so." Professor Pauline MacLaran, another co-author of 'Royal Fever', agreed, telling Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "are not likely at all" to follow a similar path of writing memoirs. Professor MacLaran, of Royal Holloway, University of London, added: “William and Kate are not likely at all to be tempted by this strategy. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Ignore preaching! Harry backlash over £7m gaffe [LIVE] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew give up hope of royal comeback? [VOTE] “It wouldn't work for them in any case, as they bear more traditional burdens in their roles and cannot afford to be seen as rebels. “I imagine from a royal perspective, writing their memoirs would be considered a rather unseemly way to gain popularity. “Indeed, it would further erode the boundaries between themselves as royals and other celebrities. “This is a constant threat they face because if they become just another celebrity couple, they risk being perceived as ephemeral, only as good as their next photoshoot or burst of notoriety. “A key challenge for contemporary royalty is to remain above celebrity and to preserve the mystique of the monarchy. “So, more royal memoirs would definitely not be a good way to counter the Sussex narratives in my view.”