Rafael Nadal is set to return from injury to take part in the Cincinnati Masters as the Spaniard looks to reclaim the world No 1 spot. The 22-time Grand Slam winner can return to the top of the ATP rankings if results go his way and it could prove to be a huge confidence boost ahead of the US Open at the end of the month. Despite spending over a month away from the tour, Nadal has a chance to reclaim the world No 1 place from Daniil Medvedev providing he wins the tournament and the Russian loses in the quarter-finals. He has spent 209 weeks in total at No 1, which is some way short of Novak Djokovic’s record of 373 weeks at the peak. He also looks set to take part in the US Open next month, providing he does not suffer a recurrence of the problem. But former Grand Slam winner Andy Roddick believes Nadal would not risk jeopardising his chances of playing in the US Open by entering in the Cincinnati event if he was not in optimum condition. “Props to Rafa’s management for getting him into that Wednesday night-time slot because it gives him as much as time as possible to get ready and get his practice reps in,” Roddick told the Tennis Channel. READ MORE: Nadal reacts to No 1 chances as he downplays Cincinnati expectations  “You know he is serious when he arrives to a tournament almost a week in advance to get used to the conditions in Cincinnati. "I’m sure he’s playing practice matches every day. At this point, Rafa would not sacrifice being healthy at the US Open to play in Cincy if he didn’t feel like he could go on and play a healthy match on Wednesday night, so I expect to see Rafa physically healthy. “The game is a different story not having played since Wimbledon but I don't see him going out and playing a match in Cincinnati if he’s not fully healthy. I don't think he would put the US Open at risk if that was the case." MORE TENNIS NEWSKyrgios snubs Nadal and Djokovic with ranking claim after Medvedev winNadal makes sudden announcement in huge US Open hint after injuryNadal injury update as Spaniard spotted on court ahead of US Open The 36-year-old has not played in any event since sustaining a tear in his abdominal muscle which ruled him out of a Wimbledon semi-final clash against Nick Kyrgios. Instead, Nadal has been enjoying some down time back at his home in Mallorca while recovering from his latest injury. But Roddick feels the momentum gained from his incredible 2022, in which he has won 35 of his 38 matches and a 14th French Open title, means he will not need to use any of his Cincinnati matches just to get back into a rhythm. “I don't think any [matches] because I do think there's a tale of what you've already done for the year,” he added. “Having a big showing at the Australian Open, Indian Wells with the victory and all the match wins he's had, I think two matches is fine. “He needs to get into some rallies, get to hit some returns and get some match practice. But that's not the way Rafa thinks. "He's going to want to go all the way, there's a weekend between Cincinnati and the US Open and that's plenty of time no matter what happens to get your body right, get used to the court.”