Animal welfare charity Blue Cross has warned that anyone who omits crucial information from their dog's collar could be subject to a fine of up to £2,000. All dogs must wear a collar with their owner's name and address on it when walking in a public place, but adding a mobile phone number to the tag is still optional, reports Birmingham Live. A statement from the Blue Cross reads: "Even if your dog is microchipped, they still need to wear a collar or tag. Exemptions apply for some working dogs. "We recommend you add your mobile number so you can be contacted at any time in case your dog goes missing." The charity's statement adds: "Puppies must be microchipped before they go to their new homes, with the breeder being the first registered keeper. "They are breaking the law if they do not register the puppy by the time they are eight weeks old. "Breeders should also pass on correct microchip paperwork to the new owner when the puppy goes home. The law applies to dogs and puppies over the age of eight weeks. "Exemptions are available if a vet believes there is a valid health reason not to microchip a dog. "The vet must issue the owner with a certificate of exemption in this instance. "Owners are required to keep their pets’ details up to date, for example if they move house. "If you rehome your dog to someone else, you must give the new owner the correct microchip registration paperwork so that they can contact the database and register as the dog’s new owner." According to Gov.uk, you can be fined up to £500 if your dog is not microchipped. You can get your dog microchipped for free at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, Blue Cross centres, and Dogs Trust. Owners can also ask their vets and local council, but they may charge a fee. Each microchip is given a number and when your dog is scanned it will show up. The professional who microchips your dog will also take your contact details. These details are kept alongside the microchip number on a database, that way your dog can be returned to you if it is lost or stolen, but you can also be fined up to £500 if your dog is registered on a database that is not on the list.