On August 16, 2022, Elvis Presley had been dead for 45 years. The iconic King of Rock and Roll had countless people attend his funeral - but some were more important than others. One notable face who attended the wake was Ann-Margret, his co-star from the 1964 movie Viva Las Vegas. Ann-Margret was much more than his co-star, however. She was his lover and obsession for a little over a year. And it all started the second they met. Elvis and Ann-Margret were in their prime when they met in Vegas in 1963 before shooting began. Sparks flew on a sound stage, prompting them to get closer as the movie began shooting. Before long, a relationship blossomed. After shooting ended and on weekends the pair spent all their time together. All the while, Priscilla Presley was dutifully waiting for Elvis to return to her in Graceland, Memphis, Tennessee. Eventually, however, things went sour between them. Ann-Margret was misquoted in saying that she was engaged to Elvis. The story got around to Priscilla who lost her temper. She launched a vase at a wall and demanded Elvis break off any relationship he had with Ann-Margret. He had no choice but to end it. Still, they had a great friendship from that day. He frequently sent her flowers when she opened a new Las Vegas show. And he visited her a few times over the decades. Speaking in 2021, Ann-Margret reminisced: "We were friends for a long time, EP [Elvis Presley] and I. We met on the movie, we had several things in common, including a love for Las Vegas. We dated, and we just had a great time together." READ MORE: Elvis movie: Austin Butler met Beatles star for advice on The King Ann-Margret went on to add: "What can I say? Yes, certainly admired and respected him. We were a lot alike and made a great movie together." Despite how fondly she looked back on Elvis and her relationship with him, she has not seen Viva Las Vegas in decades. She laughed: "[I last saw Viva Las Vegas] when it came out in 1964." The Swedish-American actress did have a good reason behind her refusal, however. DON'T MISS...Elvis movie: Austin Butler met Beatles star for advice on The King [NEWS]Elvis Presley ballad left Beatles star 'in tears' - 'Was a kid again' [INFO]Elvis shared fear about marrying 15-year-old Priscilla to Barbara Eden [INSIGHT] Ann-Margret explained: "I never see my movies more than once. I like to keep it that way, in my memories." (Via Review Journal) However, it could be that the memories of spending a year with Elvis tainted her view of the movie. Back in 1994 Ann-Margret confessed that she didn't even like talking about Elvis publicly. Ann-Margret spoke candidly with Charlie Rose in 1994 while promoting her memoir, My Story. When pressed over why she would not discuss Elvis at length, she confessed: "We were together for one year and he trusted me. She added: "And I do not want to betray his trust in death." SOURCE