Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are moving to Windsor next month, along with their three children, nine-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis. The couple want their children to have as "normal childhood" as possible and will, reportedly, not be living with the trio's longtime nanny, Maria Borrallo when they move to Windsor. Speaking on a recent episode of Royally US, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the "major change" in the next chapter of the young royal's lives. Ms Garibaldi said: "People magazine is reporting that Kate and William will not be living with their longtime nanny, Maria Borrallo, when they make the move to Windsor. "Their new home, in Adelaide Cottage, only has four bedrooms." She added that despite this, the couple are "keeping her on as the children's caretaker", adding that Maria will be living at "at another property with the other staff, such as the housekeeper." Ms Garibaldi noted this is a "major change" for George, Charlotte and Louis, and "another step" for the Cambridge family. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William 'treading on Harry's toes' as tensions reach 'boiling point' Maria has been living with the Cambridge family since "George, I believe, was eight-months-old". Ms Ross added: "The Cambridge family, they really, kind of, want a normal childhood for their children as much as possible. "Family dinners will just be family and bedtimes [will be] with mum and dad, and I think that is really going to be valuable for them later in life." Prince William, Kate and the three children will live in Adelaide Cottage. READ MORE: 'Let her rest in peace' Jennie Bond slams Diana conspiracy theory 'Princes don't believe' The four-bedroom home is situated in the grounds of Windsor Castle, Berkshire, and resides around 25 miles from London. The move will bring the family closer to the Queen, who currently resides at Windsor Castle. The Middletons, Kate's family, also live close by to their new residence. DON'T MISS Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] On Monday, it was confirmed that, upon their Windsor move, the three Cambridge children will all be joining Lambrook School, which is near Ascot and close to Windsor Castle, from September. The announcement comes are months of speculation surrounding William and Kate's decision to move to Windsor. READ NEXT: