Cleaning the roof of a conservatory is something many of us forget to do, but it can quickly become clouded over when rainwater, fallen leaves and algae build up. While it’s not the easiest place to reach with a bucket and sponge, property experts at Best Glaze Windows Doors and Conservatories noted the importance of keeping it clean to avoid problems further down the line. Here’s how to make their budget solution to remove “unsightly” stains from the glass. The experts at Best Glaze said: “Conservatory roofs can quickly become green with moss and algae which not only looks unsightly but can also cause problems if left to get worse. “Issues like leaks start to show themselves as damp or mouldy green patches that may not be noticeable right away if the roof is covered in moss or algae for instance.” Before making a start on cleaning your conservatory, it is important to remember that crawling or walking on the roof should always be avoided, as they are not designed to be load bearing. Instead, you should use a step ladder and telescopic brush to safely polish those hard-to-reach areas. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Unlike tiles and polycarbonate, glass should only be washed using soapy water and vinegar as harsh cleaning solutions can damage the coating and cause permanent streaks on the panes. A simple mixture made of warm water and mild dish soap is “perfect” for cleaning a glass roof according to Best Glaze, and it is very easy to apply using a sponge and extendable brush. To clean your roof properly always start by brushing loose debris away using a telescopic brush. Make enough of the soap-water solution to fill a large bucket, and start lathering it onto the accessible areas of the roof using a large sponge, using the ladder where necessary. For stubborn algae and moss stains, soak the sponge in a mixture of equal parts white vinegar and water and scrub away the green growth. Once you have rubbed these areas clean, use a hose to rinse off the liquid and wash the hard-to-reach spots. Using a pole with a squeegee attachment on the end, begin gently cleaning off the watery residue one glass pane at a time. Best Glaze said: “When you finish cleaning a conservatory roof you should immediately rinse with water and then allow it to dry before focusing your attention on the frames.” DON'T MISS: Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £45k value to home [INSIGHT]Property sellers drop asking prices by £75k as housing market 'cools' [ANALYSIS]Mary Berry’s quiet life in desirable Oxfordshire town [INSIGHT]  Once the roof is clean, don’t forget to clear out any moss or algae which may have fallen into the gutters. It is important to remove residue as soon as possible to avoid blockages and is easy to do using your hands or a gardening spade or handheld brush. Pressure washers should never be used to clean glass roofing as the force of the water can cause damage to the delicate panes. Best Glaze also advised against the use of commercial cleaning products and harsh chemicals on algae, moss or other green stains on the roof. Instead, stick to detergent, white vinegar or mild dish soap to banish the organic residue.