Some residents of Northend, Oxfordshire on the Buckinghamshire border have been forced to rely on delivered water as the Stokenchurch Reservoir runs dry. The news comes as the Met Office issued an Amber warning for extreme heat with temperatures expected to rise to 37C over the weekend. Thames Water had to send bottled water and tankers to the village following high demand over the recent weeks. A Thames Water spokesperson said: "We're sorry to customers in the Stokenchurch area who are experiencing lower pressure than normal due to technical issues with our Stokenchurch reservoir. "We have a team on site working hard to resolve this as soon as possible and the situation is improving and supplies have been restored to customers. "We're using tankers to help boost supplies to customers in Northend to keep up water pressures for these customers so they do not see supply issues as well as delivering water bottles.  They added: "We realise how inconvenient this is, especially during such hot weather, and appreciate customers' patience as we work to resolve things." Thames Water said that 68 customers were left without water for a time. Andrew Sells, who was head of natural England from 2014 to 2019, accused water companies of selling off reservoirs which could have helped ease pressures created by the drought. Writing for the Daily Telegraph, he said: "Several of our water companies preferred to build houses on some of their reservoirs, and last week we learned that together they have built precisely zero new reservoirs in the past 30 years." READ MORE: New Zealand PM Jacinda Ardern dealt blow as popularity hits record low  Thames Water, Severn Trent and Southern Water have all decommissioned reservoirs in recent years. The news comes as officials have warned of extreme heat to hit the country this weekend for the second time in less than one month. Although temperatures are unlikely to top the 40C record seen last month, experts have warned that this heatwave could be even more deadly. Professor Hannah Cloke, a Professor of Hydrology at the University of Reading, warned that this summer was proving to be "lethally hot". DON'T MISS:Ian Hislop on time apart from wife Victoria 'Lives in Greece!' [INSIGHT]China outbreak: NEW potentially deadly virus puts officials on alert [ANALYSIS]'Good choice!' Prince Ludwig announces engagement to Dutch-Canadian [REPORT]  She said: "The warnings for extreme heat from both the Met Office and the heat health alert issued by the UK Health Security Agency are another reminder that this summer in the UK is proving to be lethally hot. "Compared to the July record-breaking heat, this event will be less intense but last longer, which could actually have a greater impact on people’s health. "This heatwave might not break any records for maximum temperatures, but it might actually cause more deaths." Temperatures are predicted to reach highs of 30C today in London. Over the weekend, temperatures could soar as high as 37C in some areas of the country. 