While many remember Kate Middleton's incredible dress as she arrived for her royal wedding in 2011, some may be surprised to know that Kate made an appearance in a second dress later that day. For a royal wedding that was watched by millions of people around the world, Kate Middleton decided to showcase the talent of the British fashion industry with both of her wedding dress designs. Few pictures of Kate's second wedding dress were released to the public, but some snaps were taken as Kate left Clarence House and headed for her private reception at Buckingham Palace. The Duchess' lesser-known second wedding dress was designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, but it was far simpler than her first intricate ensemble. Kate's second wedding dress featured a sweetheart neckline which she accessorised with a furry stole. Made of ivory satin, Kate's reception dress was cinched at the waist by a bejewelled belt giving way to a flared skirt. READ MORE: How Kate Middleton makes pink outfits 'sophisticated and stylish'  The Duchess wore her hair in her trademark big bouncy waves, minus the Cartier Halo Tiara she wore for her wedding ceremony. She also kept her jewellery minimal and wore her beloved sapphire engagement ring, perhaps as her 'something blue' for her wedding party. Kate Middleton's second wedding dress has recently gone viral on social platform TikTok, with a user sharing a throwback clip of Kate wearing it in 2011. The Duchess' second gown was in stark contrast to her first which was also designed by Sarah Burton.  Kate's main wedding dress was very traditional with a long train, but it included some modern touches. Many commentators noted that Kate's gown was reminiscent of the stunning dress Hollywood actress Grace Kelly wore to marry Prince Rainier III of Monaco in 1956. Kate's gown was adorned with floral lace created by workers from the Royal School of Needlework, adorned with the UK floral motifs of roses, thistles, daffodils and shamrocks. Kate's bodice was Victorian in style with a V-neckline, and her corset was bedecked with 58 buttons at the back. DON'T MISS: 'Most tense' royal moment ever 'caught on camera' - pictures [PICTURES]Royal Family LIVE: 'Meghan will be furious' as Harry’s memoir plan were [LIVE]Kate and William's new Windsor home 'is only a lease' [INSIGHT]  The future Queen also wore a statement veil made of silk ivory tulle with hand-embroidered flowers. Royal brides who have also embraced a second wedding dress for their evening receptions include Meghan Markle and Princess Eugenie. After marrying Prince Harry in 2018, Meghan changed out of her Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy wedding gown into a halter-neck dress by Stella McCartney. Princess Eugenie also bucked the white bridal dress trend by changing into a blush pink gown by Zac Posen for her wedding reception in 2018. 