Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up on his decision to leave Casemiro out of his starting XI for Saturday's Premier League showdown with Southampton. The Red Devils will go into the game high on confidence after a stirring 2-1 win over Liverpool last time out. However, the match at St Mary's won't be easy for the fallen giants as they look for a second win of the season. Manchester United have gone with the same side that beat Liverpool as they look for a second win in a row. David De Gea starts in goal, with the Spain international hoping for a first clean sheet of the current campaign having shipped seven goals in three matches so far. Diogo Dalot, Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane and Tyrell Malacia start at the back - meaning club captain Harry Maguire is on the bench again. In midfield, Casemiro has also been benched with Scott McTominay, Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes all preferred. And, up top, Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga all get the nod. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Casemiro’s benching is arguably the biggest talking point, with the Brazil international recently joining from Real Madrid. And Ten Hag has now opened up on his decision. “I think we have a squad that’s competitive so it’s always a difficult decision,” he told BT Sport when quizzed on the matter. “But we had a really good performance on Monday so you stick with it. “It’s also to give Casemiro the time, he’s not played 90 minutes, he has to adapt to England, adapt to Man United and integrate into the team.” DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.