The Repair Shop star Jay Blades, 52, has admitted that he once felt so desperate that he almost crashed his car into a bridge. For numerous reasons, the TV favourite has suffered mental health struggles throughout his life, and has grown to realise how much resentment he has been harbouring towards his father. He has described his troubled relationship with him as the worst challenge of his life. "In hindsight, growing up, I never knew how much resentment I had for not having a father," he explained. "I had to be the man of the house and all this macho stuff." Jay finally met his absent father at age 21 - and although he had "no expectations", he was still bitterly disappointed. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win "I asked him how many brothers and sisters I had and he lied," the furniture expert lamented, "which showed me what kind of a person he was." He added to the Telegraph: "The toughest thing was not having someone that could show me how to be a father." Jay explained that he now regards his dad merely as "the man who contributed towards my birth". The one lesson he has learnt from him, however, was "how not to be a father," as Jay has vowed to try his best never to repeat his mistakes. Meanwhile Jay looked towards his local community for older role models, instead of relying on male family. He has been through so much personal growth in the years that followed the disappointment with his dad, that he now regards showing vulnerability as a strength, instead of a weakness. Seven years earlier, he cried in front of another man for the first time, and realised that being vulnerable didn't equate to being a victim. Jay no longer needed to play the "tough guy" in order to feel safe. DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT] Harry Gration's funeral: BBC star laid to rest as fans flood streets [OBITUARY] Carol Vorderman, 61, sends fans wild in leopard leggings [PHOTOS]  Prior to that realisation, he recalls a moment when he had been "driving up the motorway looking for a bridge to crash into, having bottled everything up". Jay suffered from poverty, racism, relationship troubles and literacy issues in the past. However he courageously filmed a BBC One documentary Jay Blades: Learning To Read at 51, in which he began to master the written word for the first time. He fulfilled one of his lifetime goals - to read a bedtime story to daughter Zola. A deeply emotional moment was captured on video between the pair, with 16-year-old Zola exclaiming how proud she was of her father for his achievement. The TV star has even published a memoir, called Making It: How Love, Kindness and Community Helped Me Repair My Life. He is currently engaged to fitness expert Lisa-Marie Zbozen. Plus Jay has even been awarded a MBE for his services to heritage craft and restoration. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.