The traveller explained that he was travelling with his elderly mum, who requires a wheelchair for assistance in an airport, and uses a walking stick the rest of the time. A Reddit user, he detailed his experience in a post online, including the circumstances that led to the bride's eviction from the flight. "On our recent trip, there was a passenger on our second flight who felt my mother was abusing the airport wheelchair services when she is technically capable of walking," the user explained. "She saw my mother walk off of our first flight at a nearby gate without a wheelchair and proceeded to assume that my mother was lying about her wheelchair need." She kept "pestering them" despite them asking to stop, BirminghamLive reports. The situation only got worse from there. As the user continued: "The woman was fairly loud/aggressive, eventually being told by the airline employee that she's being disruptive. Eventually, one of the pilots using the computer and printing paperwork for the flight at the counter told the lady that she'd not be boarding the flight. "In response, the woman gets angrier and then starts crying, revealing that we're making her miss her wedding and 'ruining everything'." In the replies to the online thread, people rushed to slam the bride. "This woman was asked not to bother you. By the account you have given, you didn't ask her to be kicked off the flight," one person told him. Another wrote: "Who is so mean spirited that on what should be one of the happiest days of their life, they’re spending tons of time and energy complaining about an obviously old and infirm woman using a wheelchair because she was technically on her feet before?" According to the UK Civil Aviation Authority, "disruptive passenger behaviour is one of the main reasons for aircraft diversions. Disruptive behaviour in-flight or on the ground can affect your safety and the safety of fellow passengers." "Airlines have a right to refuse to carry passengers that they consider to be a potential risk to the safety of the aircraft, its crew or its passengers."