Sid James, who was best known for his numerous roles in the Carry On films, was married to his third wife Valerie James for 24 years up until his death in 1976. The actor's widow has sadly died at the age of 93, her family have announced. The news was shared by her family on Monday as they took to social media to release a statement alongside a touching black-and-white photo of the couple. It read: "In very sad news, Valerie James, lovely wife of Sid and a performer in her own right in her early days, has died aged 93. "Val and Sid’s family have given me their blessing to post this and I'm sure you will all join me in sending them the very best of wishes." The cause of death has not yet been reported. READ MORE: Michael Douglas in urgent plea as he sends imposter warning to fans Tributes have since poured in as fans offered messages of condolence. Twitter user, @AshleyMedlock penned: "She's back with Sid now. Such a devoted wife. RIP Valerie and Sid James." @AmigaBoing wrote: "Hugs to both Valerie and Sid James Family. Sid James was a big part of my childhood onscreen via the #CarryOn Films and gave me so many laughs and still does to this day, so thank you. Both of them have now been reunited in heaven. RIP Sid & Valerie." @SharonHarrison commented: "Oh dear very sad news. Your wife was a very lucky woman to have a man love her the way you did Sid! My sincere condolences to you and your family. Hugs for you all xxx." @JudiBae added: "Rest in Peace Valerie James... I hope you find each other on the other side. To all your family and friends so so sorry for your loss." Valerie James was also an actress, known for her roles in Without Walls (1990), The Sid James Show (1973) and The Unforgettable Sid James (2000). She was previously married to Sidney James otherwise known as Sid James. Sid and Valerie first started dating in 1950 before tying the knot two years later. DON'T MISS... Brooklyn Beckham admits he wants ten kids with wife Nicola Peltz[LATEST]Madonna begs for 64th ‘birthday presents’ in lace bra and hotpants[PICTURES]Rod Stewart wins pothole war as council ‘fix road’ impeding Ferrari[UPDATES] Valerie had a successful career of her own and featured alongside her husband on The Sid James Show. The couple spent the final years of their marriage living in Buckinghamshire which was not far from Pinewood Studios. Valerie and Sid are survived by their two children - daughter Sue, who became a television producer and son Steve who carved a career as a music producer.