Like most years on Strictly Come Dancing, there are some contestants who aren’t well-known and 2022 is no different. Many were left baffled when it was confirmed Hamza Yassin was the 12th celebrity contestant announced. However, as always, he was welcomed into the Strictly family and is “absolutely over the moon” to take part.  Hamza is one of the presenters of BBC’s Animal Park and a guest presenter on Countryfile where he shares his vast knowledge and camera skills. He is well known to younger viewers under the guise of Ranger Hamza, presenting CBeebies live-action show Let’s Go For A Walk and new series Ranger Hamza’s Eco Quest later this month. Hamza moved to the Scottish Highlands when he was younger to follow his dream of filming Scottish wildlife and becoming a wildlife cameraman. He has lived there ever since and recently fronted Channel 4 documentary Scotland: My Life in the Wild and Scotland: Escape to the Wilderness. READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit In the series he guided celebrity companions on journeys through western and eastern Scotland and the Highlands. This time, he will be the one learning as a professional dancer shows him how to Salsa and Waltz. Hamza commented: “I am absolutely over the moon to be joining Strictly 2022. “Never in a million years did I think I’d be on such a cool show. “I’ve been watching it for years and I can’t believe I’ll actually be there dancing live in front of the British public. “My dance skills are currently at the level of ‘1970’s disco vibe’ but I’m ready to work hard and will be shaking it every time I get the chance – shake it ‘til you make it!” Fans were quick to react to the announcement, with Ryan posting: “Okay it gets worse and worse...unless the rules changed and its any one off the street that passes as "celebs" my god can't remember a WORSE line up, ever! #Strictly.” (sic) Liam added: “Honestly thought this reveal was fake.” DON'T MISS...Maisie Smith dances as she hits back at trolls over ‘thunder thighs’ [LATEST]Fleur East breaks down in tears as she addresses father's death [VIDEO]Fleur East's heartbreak as she's 12th Strictly contestant confirmed [INSIGHT] Jane Graham continued: “I never watch countryfile so have no idea who it is.” However, many viewers were welcoming as Anna Thurman tweeted: “Ahhh love watching him.” “Welcome to the Strictly family,” Laura P shared while Eddo added: “Welcome!” The full line-up is still yet to be confirmed but Fleur East is already the front runner to win the series.  William Hill already have odds of 11-4 for the former X Factor star to lift the Glitterball Trophy. Tony Kenny, Head of Sponsorship PR at William Hill, weighed in on the latest announcement: “Fleur East is a great addition to the already star studded line up for this year’s Strictly Come Dancing. “Despite having stage and choreography experience, all Strictly fans know ballroom training can be quite different!” Strictly Come Dancing will air on BBC One later this year.