Dick Strawbridge and his wife Angel Adoree are the faces of Escape to the Chateau, renovating their beautiful 19th Century home in the heart of France since 2015. The Channel 4 stars have been able to give handy tips to viewers who are looking to give their own places some TLC over the years. Dick's television career, however, started long before Escape to the Chateau was even thought of. While Dick was still in the army, he completed a degree in electrical engineering as he was fascinated with how things worked. This led to him auditioning for the Channel 4 show Scrapheap Challenge and he was made one of its team captains. In 2009, when Scrapheap Challenge made a comeback, he was no longer a competitor but the host, replacing Robert Llewellyn and Lisa Rogers. A few years before the reality show was given a reboot that Dick fronted his first series. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 In 2006, Dick, alongside his ex-wife Brigit, son James and daughter Charlotte, starred in It's Not Easy Being Green on BBC Two. The show saw the family move into Newhouse Farm, a 400-year-old listed building in Cornwall from Worcestershire. The documentary followed their attempts at converting their new home into an entirely ecologically friendly place to live. Since then, the 62-year-old has made a number of TV appearances both as a host and a contestant. Some of these have included The Wright Stuff, Dirty Rotten Survival, Coast, Trainspotting Live, The Biggest Little Railway in the World, This Morning and Planet Mechanics. Fans of Dick's will remember that he took to the kitchen in 2010 for Celebrity Masterchef. He made it all the way to the grand finale, alongside actress Lisa Faulkner and TV personality Christine Hamilton. Dick didn't end up winning the show though, pipped to the post by Lisa who was crowned that year's champion. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest makes history with valuation of funeral effigy [EXPLAINER]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge makes ‘stunning’ tile feature [CAST]Escape to the Chateau star Angel shares her ‘secret weapon’ for paint [REVEALED] Of course, the former military man's focus has been on Escape to the Chateau over the past seven years. Now married to Angel, the family have two young children, Arthur and Dorothy, and reside at Château de la Motte-Husson. As well as the original series, the couple front Make Do and Mend on Channel 4. Dick and Angel have recently announced some exciting new plans that many fans will be thrilled about. On Instagram, the couple revealed they would be jetting off to Australia and New Zealand early next year for their Dare to Do It tour. They will be bringing children Dorothy and Arthur with them so it will be a family adventure. They added: "In February 2023 all four of us will be leaving The Chateau on a 'jet plane' with grandma and papi and coming to see you! "Australia and New Zealand were the first overseas countries to adopt 'Escape to the Chateau' and follow our adventures, which we really appreciate!!" Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.