Manchester City are still on the lookout for a new left-back to replace Oleksandr Zinchenko after missing out on Marc Cucurella with talks now at 'advanced stage' to sign Sergio Gomez from Anderlecht, but the reigning Premier League champions don't see him as a first-team squad member right now. Pep Guardiola has been relatively quiet in the summer transfer window, opting to stick with most of the same squad from last season. Raheem Sterling, Gabriel Jesus and Zinchenko have all left the club for rival Premier League outfits. But City have already flexed their pulling power by signing both Erling Haaland and Kalvin Phillips. Haaland didn't take long to announce himself on the Premier League stage on his debut last week as he scored both goals in City's 2-0 win over West Ham. City aren't expected to be much busier in the final few weeks of the transfer window, but a left-sided defender is still needed. Zinchenko provided cover for Joao Cancelo down the left wing, but the Ukrainian's move to Arsenal leaves City light of options down that side. Cucurella appeared at one stage to be on his way to the Etihad, but City were not willing to meet Brighton's high asking price.  That prompted Chelsea to swoop in at the last minute and agree a fee with the south-coast club for the Spaniard. City have now got to look at alternatives and Anderlecht star Gomez is seen as a top target. The 21-year-old already has a strong resume having come through the ranks at Barcelona and Borussia Dortmund. And he fits into Guardiola's system with the full-backs joining in the attack after he registered an impressive 15 assists and seven goals last season.  Sky Sports now claim that City are in 'advanced talks' for the full-back, although no formal offer has been sent to Anderlecht yet. Furthermore, Gomez would reportedly not come in as a direct replacement for Zinchenko as he's regarded as a 'development player'. City's reported intentions are to loan Gomez out to clubs under the City Group umbrella. That would still leave Guardiola needing to bring in a senior left-back before the transfer window closes. Guardiola does seemingly have a contingency plan in place should they fail to find a suitable transfer target. The City boss has named academy star Josh Wilson-Esbrand and Nathan Ake as options to come in and provide cover for Cancelo.