Angelina Jolie, 47, was seen in a video clip overcome with emotion as she dropped her daughter and Brad Pitt's daughter Zahara Jolie-Pitt off at Spelman College, Atlanta. The Maleficent actress admitted she was "gonna start crying" and was "struggling to hold it together" during the milestone moment. The Oscar-winning actress was seen in an Instagram video posted by Darryl Holloman, the vice president of the college. The Hollywood actress said: "I'm gonna start crying ... I have not started crying yet, I'm holding it together." The college president then reassured her that she would have "plenty of time" to be emotional, joking that they're so many more events that will "bring it all out". Hollman posted a picture of Angelina and the president together, as well as a selfie with Angelina and Zahara. READ MORE: Elton John, 75, clutches onto entourage as he struggles to board yacht He captioned the post: "Welcome to campus..Zahara, c’2026!!!" (sic) Angelina took to Instagram herself last month to post a group shot of her daughter with her college friends, congratulating her on her milestone moment. She captioned the heartwarming post: "Zahara with her Spelman sisters! "Congratulations to all new students starting this year. "A very special place and an honor to have a family member as a new Spelman girl." (sic) The Hollywood star shares six of her children with her A-lister ex-husband Brad Pitt. This includes Maddox, 21, Pax, 18, Zahara, Shiloh, 16 and twins Vivienne and Knox, 14. Brad has recently spoken out about his daughter's decision to attend Spellman college. DON'T MISS... Monty Don addresses struggles after garden setback 'Sad day' Ellen DeGeneres pens devastated tribute as Anne Heche dies Blake Lively puts on leggy display in tight-fitted purple dress He told Vanity Fair: "She’s so smart. She’s going to flourish even more at college. "It’s an exciting and beautiful time to find her own way and pursue her interests. I’m so proud. "Where does the time go, right? They grow up too fast. It brings a tear to the eye." Although Brangelina have been divorced since 2019, the custody battle over their six children is still going strong. Since the former couple began their custody battle, Pax and Maddox have reached adulthood, and Zahara will join them in January. Brad and Angelina became a couple in 2005 when he infamously left his first wife Jennifer Aniston for her in a scandal that riveted the world. However, Angelina filed for divorce in 2016 citing irreconcilable differences.