England hero Ella Toone joked "I taught him that" in response to Harry Kane's tweet about her goal in Sunday's Euro 2022 final. Toone netted the opener for England with a delightful chip as they beat Germany 2-1 at Wembley. Sarina Wiegman's side were taken to extra-time after an equaliser from Lina Magulll. But Chloe Kelly popped up in the 110th minute with the vital winner. Kane was impressed with Manchester United star Toone's finish. The England men's captain tweeted after the match: "Absolutely unreal scenes at Wembley!! Massive congrats to the amazing @Lionesses !! @ellatoone99 take a bow for that finish too." The England players and staff had a victory parade at Trafalgar Square on Monday afternoon. Alex Scott presented the celebrations and said to Toone: "Even Harry Kane was in awe of you last night, tweeting." England win Euro 2022 LIVE: Victory parade updates after Lionesses end 56-year wait  To which the 22-year-old jokingly replied: "Yeah I taught him that." Scott also asked how Toone remained so composed when she was through on goal. She replied: "I don't know. I don't know. It took about 10 minutes to go in the back of the net. Then I ran off and the whole stadium erupted and it was the best feeling in the world. So yeah, buzzing." Captain Leah Williamson, Golden Boot winner and Player of the Tournament Beth Mead and winning goalscorer Kelly were also among the players to be interviewed on stage by Scott. Manager Sarina Wiegman has received huge praise since the final whistle on Sunday. And Williamson paid tribute to the impact her boss has made. DON'T MISSEngland star Williamson gives impassioned speech - 'This is the start'England victory parade TODAY - Every event to celebrate as football comes homePick up your England souvenir as Lionesses win Euro 2022 Final  The Arsenal defender said: "She is the missing ingredient England were looking for. She has brought us all together. She is a special person and puts us first as human beings." Williamson says the women's game has been changed in England forever. She added: "We have changed the game in this country. We said we wanted to make our legacy about winning and we did. "The legacy of the tournament was already made before that final game. What we've done for women and young girls that can look up and inspire to be us. "I think England have hosted an incredible tournament and we've changed the game in this country and hopefully across Europe and across the world. But we said we wanted to make our legacy about winning and that's what we did." 