So it is little wonder almost half of dentists have reduced their national health service commitments over the past two years, according to the British Dental Association (BDA). All of this is having a huge impact on patient care. The way NHS dental contracts work is a little complicated but I believe it is the reason we are where we are today. Dentists sign up to a system based on UDAs, or Units of Dental Activity. This means a clinic is paid a certain amount of money in return for delivering a set number of these. Dentists will see patients and carry out work that is needed, with more complex treatment requiring a higher number of UDAs than a simple check-up. So if people have missed checkups due to Covid, or need more advanced dental work due to stress – they might have started to grind their teeth and need a mouthguard or replacement of broken fillings or crowns – then the clinic’s UDAs will not last very long. Dentists are then being forced to limit patient numbers and refuse complex treatment on the NHS. Some clinics manage this by doing initial and more basic treatments on the health service and then offering everything else privately. The end result is the same: A higher cost to the patient and limitations on the NHS treatment they actually receive.  Last month NHS England announced some small changes to the dental contract - the first in 16 years - to slightly improve dentists’ pay for more complex treatment. This still works out a lot less than inflation despite increases from suppliers, staff pay and overheads. They also said patients should be seen for check-ups based on their risk, which could mean check-ups every two years instead of every six months. I fear this means patients will require more work when they actually get to see the dentist. But these changes will only go a small way to addressing the crisis NHS dentistry is in. A survey we commissioned at Banning Dental Group recently found one in 10 Brits who have struggled to access NHS treatment have been forced to carry out their own DIY dental care. It also found 40 per cent had paid to go private as a result of the long waiting lists.  Some accuse those in private practice, like myself, of abandoning the NHS ship. But what choice do we have? I am now in charge of a chain of dental clinics which aim to charge in line with the NHS scale system where possible. We see people faster, including in evenings and on weekends, and appointments last longer. We also offer the full range of treatments, including specialist services that otherwise are not available to a majority of patients on the NHS due to complex referral criteria. We are taking a stand rather than settling with working in an industry which just is not working at the moment. The NHS system is broken and it desperately needs more than just minor tweaks. Dr Azad Eyrumlu is co-founder and CEO of Banning Dental Group. They offer a range of services including check-ups, general dentistry, implants, teeth whitening, smile makeovers, regular and Invisalign braces and same-day emergency appointments. Banning Dental Group's mission is to provide affordable dental care in the private sector.