Marriage will delve into the reality of what it's like to be with someone for almost 30 years and still choose each other every day, despite the never-ending obstacles. Starring Sean Bean and Nicola Walker, Marriage has almost arrived on BBC One to explore what a "happily ever after" actually looks like. Here's everything you need to know to watch Marriage. The wait is almost over as Marriage will premiere on Sunday, August 14, at 9pm on BBC One. This highly anticipated drama is going to consist of four emotional episodes in total. Marriage will have a Sunday, Monday schedule, with the first episode coming out on August 14 and the second the day after on Monday, August 15. The series is then going to continue the following week on Sunday, August 21, and the finale coming out on Monday, August 22. READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit If you're not keen on waiting another week for the second half of the series, then there is an alternative. Once the first episode is released, all four instalments are going to drop on the streaming service BBC iPlayer. Unlike other streamers, there is no subscription fee to pay, you will just need to register your email address. So viewers can binge-watch the entirety of the mini-series in one go if they wish. Marriage follows the relationship of Ian (played by Sean Bean) and his wife Emma (Nicola Walker) who have been together for 27 years. Having gone through so much during their marriage already, there are still the everyday niggles they have to contend with. Ian has been made redundant and has little to occupy his mind as Emma starts to thrive in her job. Nevertheless, while there are underlying issues as with every couple, they still have a lot of love for one another after all these years. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe [REACTION]How many series of Shetland are there? [EXPLAINER]Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit [EXIT] Talking about the concept of Marriage, writer Stefan Golaszewski explained: “I guess I’m trying to write about what it is actually like to be a person instead of what it is like on television or in fiction. "People find things difficult and they don’t really know what they feel. They think they feel one thing but often feel something else. "They often don’t know what to say to each other which seems to be like a more truthful depiction of what it is like to be a person. "In the show, that’s what I’m trying to do: to connect with the audience about what it’s like to be them and live their lives in a minute-by-minute way as opposed to a broad plot thrusting way." The description for episode one reads: "Ian and Emma get back from their holiday in Spain and return to their normal lives. "Ian has recently been made redundant and is beginning to adapt to his new existence. Emma is doing well at work and trying to balance that with Ian’s feelings. "Their daughter Jessica (played by Chantelle Alle) brings her boyfriend Adam (Jack Holden) round to meet them." Marriage premieres on Sunday, August 14, at 9pm on BBC One.