The much loved BBC show DIY SOS could be leaving TV screens according to a tweet from the show's presenter, Nick Knowles. The presenting legend revealed the corporation has not agreed to a new date for the restoration programme to continue. Nick shocked fans of his long-running show DIY SOS by revealing the next series is yet to be commissioned. The feel good family show has been running since 1999, but the future of the programme is looking far from clear. Despite proving to be hit with viewers, the lack of plans to record a new series does not bode well for them. Nick addressed the news on Twitter after a follower recommended they help out a family in need. Read More: Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ real reason Spider returned A fan got in touch with the presenter-turned-singer and asked if the team could assist a disabled 21 year old, who's recently been paralysed. They asked: "Can't DIY SOS help this worthy family?" beneath a news story telling the plight of Angel Lynn. He replied: “Sadly, we are only commissioned by BBC One for one build this year for Children In Need, and as yet not commissioned for any builds next year. “We know there is great need and we can help many more people and communities so we are hopeful of getting news soon.”' Fans of the show were predictably upset with the potential cancelling news tweeted their disappointment. One viewer accused the BBC of acting unfairly when it came to judging what shows deserve to stay on air. Chris Bradford wrote: "I know you're too discreet and professional to say, but this smacks of someone at BBC sidelining one of the most popular shows on the channel to meet an agenda. He continued: "Can't you take the concept elsewhere Nick?" Read More: Nick Knowles, 59, looks smitten with new girlfriend Katie Dadzie [ARTRICLE]Muppets!' Nick Knowles slams Christian Horner and Red Bull fans'Be careful!' [INSIGHT]Nick Knowles rages at woman who 'reversed into his car' [ARTICLE] Another tweeted: "I worked 3 days on Little Miracles and will be a travesty if they get rid of Diysos.Was amazing to be part of the show." Mark Smiley tweeted his support too, hoping there could be another series in 2023. He tweeted: "[Fingers crossed emojis] for next year , work the show and the whole team does to help people in difficult times is inspiring." The TV veteran and huge F1 fan hosts a wide range of shows and moved to TV channels Quest and Channel 5 last year. He also presents his own shows called Heritage Rescue and Nick Knowles' Big House Clear out too. In a varied and interesting career he also released an album of covers titled Every Kind of People in 2017. DIY SOS is available on the BBC iPlayer.