Around 70 firefighters from the London Fire Brigade (LFB) have been drafted in to tackle the ravaging flames on Hereford Road in Feltham this afternoon. Smoke has billowed into the sky and has been seen by passengers on planes landing at Heathrow. Plumes have also been sighted in Slough, some 11.4 miles away. London Fire Brigade has confirmed 60 people have been evacuated from their homes.     Station commander Tamer Ozdemir, who is at the scene, said: “Firefighters have worked incredibly hard in hot, arduous conditions to stop the blaze spreading to nearby properties. Their hard work has saved approximately 30 homes in Hereford Road. “Around 60 residents were evacuated due to the amount of smoke. Our drone team is on scene assisting crews with identifying further hot spots in the surrounding woodland.” One resident who lives nearby, and preferred not to be named, said the immediate vicinity has seen ash "raining" down and windows have been shattering as the blaze takes hold. She said: "I heard about six to seven fire engines and police cars go by so looked out my window to see what is happening and saw plumes of black smoke. "It seemed to work its way across terraced housing but it was a bit hard to tell.  She added: ""I didn’t want to get any closer -police were already blocking off the surrounding roads as crowds started gathering. It was was horrific to witness. Every now and then you can hear windows shatter, and ash started falling from the sky. "These are the type of things you never expect to happen so close to you.  The Met Police are present and are advising people to avoid the area for the time being. READ MORE: Blaze engulfs ex-care home as police issue 'avoid area' warning  A statement from the LFB said: "Firefighters are tackling a blaze involving trees, hedgerows, shrubs and decking at the rear of a number of properties on the road. "Crews have removed a number of LPG cylinders which were involved in the fire as some cylinders can explode when exposed to heat. "The Brigade's 999 Control Officers have taken 44 calls to the blaze." Teams from Hillingdon, Kingston, Southall, Surbiton, Tooting and surrounding fire stations are at the scene. The cause of the fire is not known at this stage. DON'T MISSAugust driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules [WARNING]Drivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairs [SHOCKING]Elderly drivers urged to renew driving licence or risk massive fines [INSIGHT]   It's not the only major call-out being dealt with by the London Fire Brigade today. A serious inferno has engulfed a block of flats in Shepherds Bush, which is approximately 12 miles away from Feltham. The cause of the fire in Shepherds Bush is still unknown, but a baby with smoke inhalation has been taken to the hospital as a precaution. 