Earlier this week, Nationwide Building Society confirmed it was hiking the rate on its One Year Triple Access Online Saver. In comparison, Santander announced it was raising the interest rate on its fixed rate cash ISAs. These decisions from the banks come as savers are seeing diminishing returns due to rising inflation. Nationwide raised the rate of its One Year Triple Access Saver to a “competitive” 1.75 percent AER/gross per annum (variable) for 12 months. As well as this, the building society hiked the rate on its on-sale One Year Triple Access Online ISA to 1.50 percent gross/tax-free per annum (variable) for 12 months. These savings accounts allow for up to three withdrawals during the 12-month period with any further withdrawals reverting the rate to 0.25 percent. At the end of the account’s term, both savings products will switch to one of Nationwide’s instant access accounts. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out  Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide shared why the building society is hiking rates at this time. Mr Riley explained: “We appreciate it isn’t easy for people to save at the moment with the rising cost of living, but having money set aside that you can use for unexpected expenses can provide real peace of mind. “As a mutual we are always keen to support savers and pay the best rates we can sustainably afford, which is why we are increasing rates on all variable rate accounts, particularly regular savers, loyalty and children’s accounts as well as our popular Triple Access accounts. “These changes are the latest increases that the Society has made to its savings accounts over the last few months.” Santander recently decided to raise the rates for its fixed rate cash ISAs and online easy access cash ISA. After this decision, the interest rate for the bank’s savings accounts came to: Hetal Parmar, the head of Banking and Savings at Santander UK, added: “We understand saving for the future is important for many people and our increased cash ISA rates will make customers’ money work harder, helping with their savings goals. “We make it simple to transfer an existing cash ISA to Santander in a way that keeps it tax-free.” READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments This latest intervention from banks and building societies, such as Nationwide and Santander, comes amid the growing cost of living crisis. Earlier this month, inflation hit 10.1 percent and is forecast by some experts to exceed 18 percent next year. Cameron Pally, the CEO of Pally Money, warned that inflation will continue to hurt the returns on savings accounts for the foreseeable future. Mr Pally said: “The interest paid by high street banks won’t come close to beating inflation any time soon. “So keeping your money in a standard savings account - or even a cash ISA - will make you only marginally better off than keeping it under the mattress. Your money will continue to lose value in real terms. “Having some emergency cash in a savings account is fine, but it is a terrible long-term investment. “With inflation rising at a faster rate than interest on savings is increasing, savers are losing value exponentially. “And as high rates of inflation are here to stay for the foreseeable future, you should consider holding your savings in a form of spendable money that is insulated from inflation.”