Victoria Beckham’s high-end label is understood to have amassed debts of £53.9 million. According to reports, the 48-year-old’s clothing brand and new beauty line lost £6.6million in 2020 and acquired £15.6m in debt in 2019. It is understood that the business still has debts of £53.9m – with £29m owed to the Beckhams ’ other business ventures.A spokesperson for the brand confirmed the figures to The Mirror.A report said: “Total revenues for the Victoria Beckham Holdings group fell six percent to £36.1 million (2019 – £38.3m) due to the effects of the pandemic. “This group rapidly responded to the effects of the pandemic and controlled its cash and expenditure which led to a significant reduction in its operating losses by 57 percent. READ MORE:Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe welcomes baby with husband James “This is thanks to cost efficiencies across the business and the recalibration of its business model to make it sustainable for the longer term.”It added that Beckham’s beauty line is continuing to expand with several new “clean luxury” products launching this year.Despite their losses, accounts filed with Companies House In London show both Victoria and David’s profits doubled during the same period.They made an impressive £11.6 million in 2020, compared to £4.5 million in 2019. Victoria’s skincare products include moisturisers costing up to £140 and serums for up to £180.Her fashion brand also sells jeans for £390 and dresses costing £1,290.David currently has endorsement deals with companies including Tudor watches and whisky label Haig.Victoria launched Victoria Beckham Beauty in 2019 while her fashion label was created in 2008. DON'T MISSLoose Women host Charlene White addresses viewers 'switching off'[LATEST]Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye[INSIGHT]Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini[PICTURES] It was previously reported that the company had been able to half losses during the pandemic when shops were shut. A spokesperson for the Spice Girl said in December that they had a “good result” given the tough circumstances.They told Metro: “In a pandemic year when stores selling Victoria Beckham fashion and beauty are shut, the company managed to halve its losses and grow its online sales in the fashion business and significantly grow its beauty business. “The fashion business tightened the management of creation costs: fabrics and samples etc, plus freight costs. IT contracts were also reduced.  “They also merged the two brands into one which reduced the duplication of costs. A good result in a difficult year.”