Apparently, this has prompted the resignation of their Group Captain in charge of recruitment, which is perhaps a bit of a self-inflicted wound. The RAF has long been at the forefront of woke, right-on policies to the obvious embarrassment of some of its members. It has been a major promoter of the politics of Gay Pride, was quick to accede to demands that personnel should sport beards if they so wish, and now looks like it is discriminating in its recruitment policies. O tempora, o mores! If this is a case of “positive discrimination” then it is illegal under the provisions of the Race Relations Act. The Act, however, does allow for “positive action” to promote equality of opportunity across the social spectrum. Suffice to say that the dividing line between the two is somewhat blurred. In a past life I spent some time – a year actually – at the University of Glasgow on a Ministry of Defence-sponsored research fellowship, researching race relations within the British Army. It may come as no surprise that one of my conclusions was that I found the army to be institutionally racist. It may also come as no surprise that my report to the MoD sank without trace, although it was debated in the House of Lords at the time. That got me in to a bit of trouble, including being interviewed under caution by the Special Investigations Branch of the Royal Military Police, who clearly thought I might be a dangerous subversive type. I wasn’t, of course, just someone who didn’t relish my work being suppressed. I have long been an advocate of equality of opportunity within Britain’s armed services, regardless of sex, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, or gender identity. Indeed, about 25 years ago I wrote a piece for the then MoD quasi in-house magazine The Officer in which I argued that I could see no good reason why females could not be part of my tank crew. The editor – a well-respected, retired officer with combat experience (no names, no pack drill) – phoned me up to say that he couldn’t possibly publish it because “the idea was preposterous”. But look where we are now; not only do women crew tanks, they command troops of tanks in my old outfit, the Royal Tank Regiment. And a good thing it is too. But the truth of the matter is that our armed forces can never reflect the full diversity of Britain’s civilian population. For good and obvious reasons the Services cannot recruit those of extreme far-right or far-left political views, the old, the disabled, the obese, the unfit, or those addicted to drugs, to name but a few categories. To do so would degrade and diminish the very institution whose primary function is to protect our society. Those espousing diversity in the Services should also consider what the celebrated Canadian clinical psychologist Professor Jordan Peterson calls the “Scandinavian paradox”. Predicated on the fact that the Scandinavian and Nordic countries are generally considered the most egalitarian in the world, he argues that equality of opportunity does not necessarily equate to equality of outcome. The essence of it is that we can make employment opportunities in the armed services open to everyone irrespective of race, gender, religion etc, but that does not mean that our forces will come to mirror the civilian population exactly. People still have to choose. And the fact is that fewer women choose, say, to join the infantry than do men, so we will never achieve the 52 percent to 48 percent proportions of the general population. In other professions, primary school teachers for example, the balance is the other way around. In the final analysis, our armed services exist to protect the state, the most important duty of our Government, and it doesn’t matter a jot whether our servicemen and women are white, black, green, red, religious, atheists, gay, straight, or from different cultural backgrounds. All that matters is that they’re up to doing their job.