Nicolo Zaniolo’s agent is trying to persuade Tottenham to offer more money for his client, according to reports in Italy. The midfielder has emerged as one of Antonio Conte’s key targets for the rest of the transfer window however they are yet to come close to matching Roma’s £40m valuation for the 23-year-old. Zaniolo has made 111 appearances for Roma in all competitions since joining from Inter Milan in 2018. His career in the Italian capital has been somewhat hampered by injuries with the 23-year-old suffering two ACL tears within one year. However, the Giallorossi could now be open to letting him leave after completing the shock signing of Paulo Dybala. His injury record does not appear to have deterred Conte who is said to be keen on bringing the attacking midfielder to north London. There has been rumoured interest in the player all summer with the club’s sporting director Fabio Paratici reportedly offering centre-back Joe Rodon plus £25m in exchange for the Italian earlier in the window. However, the Serie A side rejected the offer as they are holding out for a figure closer to £40m and were not interested in the Welsh defender. MUST READ: Tottenham 4-1 Southampton: Four things learned as two stars impress Now Zaniolo’s agent, Claudio Vigorelli has been continuing conversations with Tottenham to see if he can convince the club to make another move for his client. Il Tempo reports that the Italian is seeking to encourage Spurs to match the asking price for the player in order to bring him to White Hart Lane. However, Spurs have already spent big during the transfer window parting with, around £100m to bring Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison, Clement Lenglet and Djed Spence to the club. This early business has somewhat hamstrung the club for the rest of the window as they are now limited on what they can spend. The publication reports that this has led Tottenham to start pursuing an initial loan with an obligation to buy the 23-year-old for just £21m instead. However, they still remain far away from the European Conference champions' asking price. DON'T MISS...Diaby to Arsenal 'one to watch' but face same obstacle as NewcastleMan Utd's De Jong deal looks less likely than ever after Brighton lossChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture at full-time One option that is still open to the club is the potential to offer some of their current assets in exchange for the Italy international. While their initial attempt including Rodon was rejected, Spurs currently hold other defenders that may interest the Giallorossi. Japhet Tanganga and Sergio Reguilon were favourites of current Roma manager Jose Mourinho while he was at White Hart Lane and the pair are currently out of Conte’s first-team picture. They could hence be more attractive options and enable the Lilywhites to attract their top target. It remains to be seen whether or not Spurs will be able to get Zaniolo over the line but it looks set to become a transfer saga that will run until the end of the window.