easyJet shared the warning for UK customers travelling to Portugal over the bank holiday. Strikes are expected to have some impact on flights. easyJet posted on its website: “easyJet is aware of planned strike action by our handling partner in Portugal impacting Lisbon, Oporto, Faro and Funchal from Friday 26 to Sunday 28 August which is expected to have some impact to our flying program to and from Portugal. “Passengers travelling to and from Portugal on Friday 26, Saturday 27 and Sunday 28 August are advised to check easyjet.com Flight Tracker for real time updates. “Customers on any flights affected by the action will also be contacted directly via SMS and email via the details provided at the time of booking and any customers affected by cancellations will be provided with options to rebook for free or receive a refund. READ MORE: Passengers urged to avoid 'wearing trainers' to the airport “While this is outside of our control, we would like to apologise to customers for any inconvenience caused and would like to reassure them we are doing all possible to minimise any disruption as a result of the industrial action.” Around 22 airlines are expected to be impacted by the strike action in Portugal over the August bank holiday weekend. Employees from the ground handling company Portway began a three day strike today at Lisbon, Porto, Faro and Madeira airports. The strike was called by the National Union of Civil Aviation Workers (SINTAC) in Portugal. The union would like better holiday pay and immediate salary increases as well as better working conditions. Other airlines that could be affected by the strikes include Turkish Airlines, Wizzair, Finnair and Eurowings. Portway advised all passengers to confirm their flights with their airline before travelling to the airport. It said: “Portway regrets the impact this situation may cause to passengers and given the impact that the strike may have on airport operations, we advise travellers to find out about their flights with their airlines before heading to the airports.” READ MORE: A ‘special meal’ destroys the chance of a flight free upgrade Passengers may also be advised to only bring hand luggage on their flight as the baggage handlers go on strike. The strike action could cause widespread disruption for holidaymakers returning to the UK after a summer holiday. The industrial action is the latest disruption holidaymakers have faced over a summer of travel chaos. British Airways cancelled thousands of flights this summer due to staff shortages and the Heathrow flight cap. Other passengers have had flights cancelled by airlines including easyJet at the last minute, with some left stranded in their holiday destination. The industry has struggled to cope with high demand for international travel after the pandemic. Ryanair and easyJet staff in countries including Portugal and Spain have taken part in strikes this summer. British Airways workers at Heathrow were set to strike in July but the action was called off after an agreement was reached.