As supply and demand in the global wholesale energy market remain under strain, energy prices continue to creep up. While the energy bill price cap was raised in the UK by 54 percent in April with forecasts it’s only likely to increase a further 24 percent in October, many households are feeling the financial pinch. But is it just the UK being hit with extortionate prices? Several factors have contributed to the steep rise in wholesale energy prices, one of the largest being the impact of the Russia-Ukraine war. As a key financial sanction imposed on Russia to deter it from continuing its illegal invasion, the UK, US and EU have been restricting oil and gas imports from Russia. But as the second-biggest exporter of crude oil and the world’s largest natural gas exporter, this is inevitably placing pressure on the wider market. The energy price cap rise has meant Britons have seen staggering figures of up to £700 added to their bills, and while uncertainty prevails and the war wages on, these figures are expected to rise around £400 as of October.  READ MORE: Chancellor: Don't forget to claim council tax rebate  Research has revealed that the UK actually is the hardest hit by the increasing electricity prices in Europe, but there are a few countries following closely behind. How does the UK compare? In a new study carried out by The Underfloor Heating Store, the global costs of gas and electricity per kWh (pence) across the world were analysed and compared against household costs in 2021. As the hardest hit nation, research shows the UK has seen an eye-watering increase of 129.1 percent in electricity costs from June 2021 to February 2022.  The Czech Republic has seen the second largest increase in electricity prices with a jump of 121.6 percent. The Netherlands follows suit with an increase of 108.5 percent, before Italy and Belgium place fourth and fifth with increases of 94.7 percent and 84.3 percent, respectively. The countries hardest hit by gas prices vary slightly, with the UK placing fourth on the list.  The country hardest hit by gas prices is Belgium, which has seen a staggering 234.1 percent increase in prices from June 2021 to February 2022, now paying 13.7p per kWh.  DON'T MISS:Woman slashes energy bills by half [EXPLAINED]Tories told to ‘think sharply’ ahead of price cap announcement energy [ANALYSIS]'Simple and easy' steps to slash energy bills by £155 [INSIGHT]    Bulgaria follows just behind with more eye-watering figures of 225 percent. Germany ranks third after seeing an increase of 218 percent. As mentioned, UK comes fourth with a 209.1 percent increase, followed by Austria in fifth place with an increase of 207.3 percent. There are several things you can do to help reduce your energy consumption, and one of the most simple means to do it is to unplug the energy vampires. Experts at the Underfloor Heating Store said: “Anything that sits on standby is likely to be using energy that you don’t need to use – chargers, laptops, televisions, games consoles - even the kettle is guilty!” Updating your thermostat could also be a good option. Thermostats control the temperature by communicating with your boiler that the house has reached the temperature you've set, triggering the boiler to go off until the temperature drops below it again. Underfloor Heating Store experts said: “Old thermostats often see a 3-5C delay in your boiler switching on again, resulting in your boiler taking longer to heat your house back up to your set temperature - so make sure to keep yours up to date.”  They also suggest, if you have the budget, to opt for underfloor heating, as it generally operates at a lower temperature than most radiators but has the capability of achieving the same level of warmth throughout the home. The experts said: “It is estimated that water-based systems are around 25 percent more efficient than radiators and 40 percent more efficient when running from a heat pump.” Lastly, another key option is to scout out any draught opportunities. You can lose a substantial amount of heat through cracks around doors, windows, and fireplaces, so it’s absolutely worth identifying these areas and filling them up. For more key energy saving tips, have a look at the Energy Saving Trust website, here. 