The latest instalment of The Blacklist kicked off last October following the tragic loss of Liz Keen (played by Megan Boone). Currently still on its summer hiatus, a crew member for the NBC series has recently confirmed James Spader and the rest of the returning cast still aren’t quite ready to get started on the show’s milestone 10th outing. Location manager Tom Scutro has revealed filming still hasn’t started on the next highly anticipated season of The Blacklist. Season nine wrapped up with a new enemy setting his sights on Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (Spader) and two agents deciding to leave the task force. Having delivered even more shocking twists and turns after Liz’s death, Tom is itching to get back to work on The Blacklist’s next season. “It’s been a great run,” he said of the series so far. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history “It’s hard to believe this all started in 2013. I’ve worked on the show since we started, except for the pilot episode.” Unfortunately, filming won’t begin for at least another month based on the latest update. “We’re thrilled to be returning for a 10th season, which we’ll start filming after Labor Day,” Tom told Westchester County Tourism & Film. Tom opened up about the series, which is filmed in Westchester, back in June of this year, so there’s a small possibility plans may have changed. However, production schedules are rarely changed at the last minute, so fans shouldn’t expect to see any updates on filming for the rest of the month. Labor Day will take place on Monday, September 5 in the States this year, so James and the cast will begin to shoot the first episodes of The Blacklist’s new season throughout autumn. As with previous seasons, episodes will be released alongside filming, so viewers won’t have to wait for the entire season to wrap before they’re able to tune in to the premiere. It’s then expected the new season will premiere sometime in January 2023 at the earliest. DON'T MISS:Outlander prequel: Jamie’s family explored in spin-off [LATEST]SEAL Team’s AJ Buckley shares peek at new location [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans distracted by huge Jesse Pinkman plot hole [BLUNDER] Plot details for season 10 are being kept tightly under wraps following Red’s battle with Marvin Gerard (Fisher Stevens). Cast member Karina Arroyave recently admitted she has “no idea” what the future holds for her character Mierce Xiu. In a recent Twitter Q&A, she said: “I'll take what they've given me and keep it close to my heart as the incredible experience that it's been!” Elsewhere, fans were sent into a minor meltdown when former series lead Megan reunited with Hisham Tawfiq, who portrays Dembe Zuma. However, in the world of The Blacklist, Red’s task force is becoming increasingly disbanded. Season nine saw both Alina Park (Laura Sohn) and Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison) make their final farewells. Will season ten introduce some new blood to the series? Or will Red have to set out alone to track down his next targets? The Blacklist is available to watch on NBC in the USA and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.