Two Chelsea players were singled out for criticism during the Blues’ 2-1 defeat to Southampton. First-half goals from Romeo Lavia and Adam Armstrong saw the Saints come from behind to claim all three points after Raheem Sterling’s opening goal. Lavia struck from the edge of the box following a corner five minutes after Sterling put Chelsea ahead. Both he and Ibrahima Diallo were lurking outside the area, with just Sterling marking the two of them and as he stood closer to the French midfielder, Lavia had the time and space to take a touch and fire home the equalising goal. Former Southampton defender Francis Benali questioned Sterling’s positioning as his side defended the corner. “He’s [Lavia] had a lot of time to take that touch,” Benali told BT Sport. “The corner from [James] Ward-Prowse isn’t the best but it goes straight to Lavia and you look at the position of Sterling here, we were saying to get between the two and you can go and attack either one, whichever player the ball goes towards. Lavia has got that time and space, no one really shuts him down, good finish and it’s got Southampton back on level terms.” For their second goal, Southampton broke through midfield before Armstrong was able to find space in the area to finish past Edouard Mendy. Former Chelsea winger Joe Cole believes the hosts were able to glide through the Chelsea midfield far too easily. “It’s fantastic, they are flooding bodies forward," Cole added. "Jorginho gets beaten way too easily for me, Armstrong goes to make a run in behind, he knows the centre-halves have to get across and it’s a lovely finish with his left foot.” READ MORE: Man City may get Chelsea revenge as 'transfer discussed' for target The two Southampton goals came after Sterling’s cool finish in the 23rd minute. The England star found himself in front of goal after Mason Mount’s clever run and cutback, before he shimmied Saints goalkeeper Gavin Bazunu and found the back of the net Reece James was a notable omission in the Chelsea defence as Thomas Tuchel explained that the full-back was ill and unable to travel, and after Ruben Loftus-Cheek was substituted off at half-time the German boss’ injury woes continued. DON'T MISSChelsea's Tuchel makes desperate 'Gvardiol phone call'De Jong spotted 'jetting off to London' amid Chelsea and Man Utd linksChelsea 'discuss Zaha swoop' but Boehly already has plan Mateo Kovacic was able to play 45 minutes on his return but Tuchel was without N’Golo Kante, Loftus-Cheek, Conor Gallagher and Trevoh Chalobah. “I love the players, I love to work with them, but still if you see our upcoming schedule, if you see the game today, and you see the bench, it’s a bit worrying in terms that we have, unfortunately, already a lot of key players out and not available,” Tuchel said ahead of the game. “A team on our kind of level and a team on that level of competition and desire to win all the time needs confidence in the squad, needs everyone available to push each other to the very limit.”