Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is still eager to make more new signings after watching side stutter to a 1-0 victory over Everton in their opening game of the Premier League season. And the German boss may be frustrated that the club did not take the chance to earn a huge fee two years ago to boost their coffers. The Blues are certainly not short of funds after splashing out £175million on five new signings and there could be as many as four more new arrivals to join Tuchel at Stamford Bridge. But the German will know that he has to trim his bloated squad in order to allow more room for new signings — and that will mean several fringe members of his squad leaving. One of them could be Callum Hudson-Odoi, who wants to leave on loan to get more regular first-team football. Only two years ago, Chelsea found themselves fighting to keep the youngster out of the Bayern Munich’s clutches. The Bavarian giants had offered a tempting deal which included taking the winger on loan for the season with a view to a permanent £70m transfer, as reported by Sky Sports at the time. READ MORE: Newcastle turn attention to Chelsea raid after Gordon offer rejected Such a bid reflected Hudson-Odoi’s potential and form at the time, having shone under Maurizio Sarri and then Frank Lampard. But Chelsea were determined to keep one of their prized Cobham graduates and rejected their the offer, eventually tying down Hudson-Odoi to a five-year deal. In fairness, the £70m proposal was not a mandatory clause so it is not known if Chelsea could have got such a fee for Hudson-Odoi. But there may now be a feeling of regret hanging over them as they try to balance their squad. The England international has struggled to build on his early progress in his Blues career after suffering a ruptured Achilles tendon last year. He made just 11 Premier League starts last season, the majority of which he played out of position as a wing-back, and is looking to feature more regularly. DON'T MISSChelsea have 'growing confidence' in Fofana move amid Rodgers talksChelsea 'agree' £25.3m Werner exit as Boehly works on seven moreDe Jong ‘has told two people Chelsea info’ as Man Utd push for deal  The 21-year-old is wanted by Leicester City and Borussia Dortmund in a loan deal, but he may favour a move to the Bundesliga where fellow English starlets Jadon Sancho and Jude Bellingham have shone. That will frustrate Chelsea, who are keen to use the attacker as a makeweight in their bid to sign Wesley Fofana. What’s more, Hudson-Odoi qualifies to fill one of the club’s eight homegrown player slots needed for their 25-man squad for the Premier League. If Chelsea cannot fulfil the quota, they have to leave spaces — and losing the tricky winger means they will be unable to replace him, even despite signing Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa as he is not yet eligible for the status. For the sake of letting him leave on loan, Tuchel will be frustrated with how it may affect his transfer plans, with Fofana, Frankie de Jong, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Cesare Casadei on his radar. All the while, Chelsea could have cashed in for a huge £70m on Hudson-Odoi some time ago — and now face a struggle just to get him off their wage bill for the season.