A group of guerrilla fighters damaged the crossing in the southwest of Melitopol, a city occupied by Russian forces in the south of Ukraine. Ivan Fedorov, Melitopol's exiled mayor, said the attack blocked the route to Russian troops heading to the area from Crimea. Mr Fedorov added in a post on messaging service Telegram that the saboteurs' action meant Russia would be unable to transfer military equipment from the peninsula, which was annexed by Russia in 2014. He also said the Russian invaders had been unable to repair the bridge for a second day, according to a report published on Hromadske Radio's website late on Sunday. Melitopol's mayor continued: "Since yesterday in Melitopol and nearby settlements, massive filtering measures have been carried out. But not a single partisan was ever found. "Kudos to the Melitopol partisans for their daily heroic successes behind enemy lines."  Express.co.uk has not been able to verify the report. News of the reported strike comes after Mr Fedorov claimed HIMARS strikes hit a number of military bases in Melitopol in the early hours of August 8, killing troops and blowing up hardware. Mayor Fedorov wrote on Telegram after the alleged strikes: "According to preliminary estimates, a significant amount of military equipment was destroyed." It was reported at the end of last month that the Kremlin had launched a "massive redeployment" of troops to Melitopol and two further southern regions in what appeared to be a change of tactics.  READ MORE ABOUT A HUNT FOR ALLEGED BRITISH ARMY ATTACKERS  Oleksiy Arestovych, an adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, said in July that Russia appeared to be switching from offence to strategic defence, using tactical attacks in a bid to weaken Ukraine's offensive potential in the Donetsk industrial region. He added: "[This would] place us in a position where we are unable to liberate all our territory and call for talks." Mr Arestovych claimed Moscow was sending troops to the Melitopol, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions. Putin's troops lost a key supply route early in July after saboteurs reportedly blew up another railway bridge.   DON'T MISS: Russian retreat leaves 20,000 soldiers stranded [LATEST] Russia in freefall: 500k workers forced to slash hours - wages PLUMMET [REVEALED] Prince Harry’s memoir to make Oprah interview look like 'child's play' [REPORT] The bridge in the Zaporizhzhia region connected Melitopol to the city of Tokmak in eastern Ukraine. It had reportedly been used by so-called "rashist" forces to deliver military supplies. The term "rashist is used by Ukrainian forces to describe the political ideology and social practices of the Russian authorities under Putin’s rule. It is often signified by the symbol "Z".  Website Sprotyv, created by the Special Operations Forces of Ukraine, reported the attack. It said: "This afternoon we have received information that a railway bridge between Melitopol and Tokmak was blown up. The explosion took place in the occupied village of Liubymivka. "This railway line was used by rashists to deliver weapons and military equipment to the front line by train." The alleged attack came after Mr Fedorov said Ukrainian forces had successfully hit a Russian military logistics base in Melitopol with more than 30 strikes. Further resistance activity led to a Russian armoured train carrying ammunition to derail near Melitopol in the same month, according to Mr Fedorov. 