Kate once let a little girl choose the colour of the dress she would wear for a special occasion. In May last year, the Duchess invited Mila Sneddon to the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh to make her dream come true meeting a real Princess.  Mila Sneddon, now six years old, won the British public’s heart when she went viral during the 2020 pandemic. She was photographed waving goodbye to her father and kissing the kitchen windows as he stood outside. Mila was diagnosed with leukaemia in November 2019 and forced to isolate away from her father Scott during the Covid pandemic to protect her as she undertook treatment. The photograph of Mila and Scott was featured in an exhibition put on by the National Portrait Gallery led by Kate which showed what the UK was like during the lockdown. The Duchess invited Mila for tea at the Queen’s home in Edinburgh as the young girl wanted to meet a real Princess dressed in her favourite colour - pink. Kate spoke on the phone with Mila prior to their meeting and promised her they would coordinate in pink princess dresses. Kate wore a ME+EM flowy silk shirt dress with a bright floral face mask. She told the 6-year-old: “Hi Mila, look at you. I want to give you a big squeezy cuddle, it's so nice to meet you in person.”  READ MORE: Lady Louise teaches Princess Charlotte skill during Balmoral holiday  Mila’s mother described the Duchess as a “gentle soul” who made Mia feel comfortable during their meeting. She said: “Those moments made Mila feel really special and it was a good distraction from her treatment. “Now she’s recognised as the happy little girl who met Kate Middleton and not the poor little girl with cancer.” Later, Mila told ITV News that she and the Duchess were “best friends”. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle feud with US A-lister in wedding dress row EXPOSED [BREAKING]Princess Beatrice ‘down-to-earth’ with summer purchase [REVEAL]Princess Anne exemplifies how to 'be in shape in your 70s' - pictures [INSIGHT] The Duchess of Cambridge is known for being a style icon and has previously been voted the number one royal style icon according to the fashion platform Farfetch. She was the only royal to be voted as one of Europe’s top fashion icons but was beaten for the number one spot by Victoria Beckham. The fashionable royal is known for her clever colour combinations and looking stylish in high street brands. She is also known for always looking her best no matter the weather. Former creative director of Mulberry, Scott Henshall has revealed that carefully chosen fabrics are what keep the Duchess’ clothes from being rumpled. He said: “All the Duchess or her 'people' have to do is familiarise themselves with the best wrinkle-free fabrics, and keep these in mind next time. “Typically synthetic fabrics such as polyester, nylon, acrylic and olefin have a natural resistance to wrinkles and a greater stability since they do not absorb water as efficiently.” 