The walkouts are expected to disrupt traffic through the global shipping hub even further, as the UK already faces a worldwide shipping backlog from the coronavirus pandemic. As workers feeling the pinch strike over pay, the industrial action also threatens fresh shortages and potentially higher prices for consumers. Some 1,900 workers at the Suffolk port began their strike on Sunday, which is expected to last until next Monday. It is the longest continuous strike so far this year, amid a wave of industrial action across many sectors including the transport and communications networks. Many workers are striking over below-inflation pay offers. Inflation soared to 10.1 percent in July, and could hit 18.6 percent by January, according to a new forecast today (Monday). Workers at the port have been offered a 7 percent raise alongside a £500 one-off payment, which owner Hutchison Ports said it believed was fair. READ MORE: Economic CHAOS predicted as dock workers set to go on strike It said the port’s workers union, which represents about 500 staff in supervisory, engineering and clerical roles, had already accepted the deal. Paul Davey, the port’s head of corporate affairs, told Sky News: “With a recession looming, a shrinking economy, most pay deals in the economy [are] around five percent at the moment.” He added: “I think, in those circumstances, an offer that's worth between 8 percent and 9.6 percent is a very fair offer.” However, Unite – the trade union organising the strikes – said the port was taking the “wrong approach” and threatened more strikes if the dispute was not resolved. Both sides accused each other of not moving their position in negotiations. Bobby Morton, the union’s national officer for docks, said: “Strike action will cause huge disruption and will generate massive shockwaves throughout the UK's supply chain, but this dispute is entirely of the company's own making.” But it is not just the union which says the strike will cause deep supply chain issues; new analysis by trade risk consultancy Russell found that shortages could last until Christmas, according to the Times. It found that clothing and electronic items are likely to be among the goods most affected by the strike action. Beyond that, the strike is expected to have a direct impact on retailers including Asda, John Lewis and Tesco, as well as imports and exports for brands such as Rolls-Royce, Jaguar Land Rover and JCB. DON'T MISS:Ukraine vows to create chaos within Putin's forces [INSIGHT]Russian soldiers seen 'letting comrade die' after drone attack [VIDEO]Putin fumes at 'deliberate provocation' from RAF plane over Russia [ANALYSIS] Diageo, the alcoholic drinks producer that makes Guinness, Tanqueray gin and Smirnoff vodka, among others, and pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline are also said to be potentially affected. Suki Basi, Russell’s managing director, said in a statement: “The disruption at Felixstowe spells more uncertainty for businesses, consumers and Governments alike. “Ports across the globe facing congestion, due to a large backlog caused by the pandemic. As our analysis has shown, these strikes could increase the backlog and in doing so, create even more delays, and the effects of this will only be registered in the coming weeks and months.” The consultancy estimated that the industrial action could result in $800million (£677million) in trade being disrupted, including $82.8million (£70.1million) in clothing and $32.3million (£27.4million) in electronics. Maersk, the world’s largest shipping line, has said that the strikes are going to have a “significant” impact on traffic to and through the port, and has begun diverting ships away from Felixstowe to other ports. The port said it “regrets the impact this action will have on UK supply chains”. However, other industry professionals played down the impact the strikes would have on the supply chain, after it had to acclimatise to the disruption caused by the pandemic. A port source said the walkouts would be an “inconvenience not a catastrophe”, adding: “Disruption is the new normal. The supply chain has moved from ‘just in time to just in case’.” Meanwhile, a logistics executive said: “Felixstowe doesn’t do fast-moving perishable foods or bulk commodities like grain, so we aren’t going to see gaps on supermarket shelves next week. “We have seen worse during the pandemic supply chain issues. The supply chain has become more resilient and goods will divert to other UK ports, while high-value goods will transfer to air freight.”