 Jennifer Garner, 50, is said to have been extended an invitation to attend ex-husband Ben Affleck’s wedding to Jennifer Lopez. However, she will purportedly have to give the ceremony a miss as she will be away for work.   Jennifer is said to be in Texas for work but remains “supportive” of her former partner. A source said: “Jennifer Garner is hard at work on a project in Texas and won't be attending the wedding celebration, but she's been totally supportive of her kids being there and is really positive in general about the whole thing. The insider added to Hollywood Life: “There is nothing more important to her than her kids' happiness so the fact that they feel welcomed and at ease and have bonded with J.Lo and her kids is just the best thing she could ask for.” READ MORE: Lily James wows in lingerie as Pamela Anderson on Pam & Tommy set  Jennifer was married to fellow actor Ben 2005 until 2018. The former couple share three children - Violet, 16, and Seraphina, 13, and Sam, 11. Ben and Jennifer Lopez sent shockwaves through fans last year when they confirmed they had rekindled their romance after almost two decades. Their whirlwind romance began when the pair met on the set of Gigli in 2002.   They then went on to share a highly-publicised romance that saw Ben pop the question that same year. However, the couple broke up in 2004, effectively cancelling their engagement. The wedding date was initially set for September 2003, with Jennifer revealing at the time that she would change her name to Jennifer Affleck. In 2020 Ben voiced his disappointment that Jennifer did not receive an Oscar nomination for her role in Hustlers, signalling his respect for his former partner. DON'T MISS...'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise [INSIGHT]Heidi Klum, 49, says she still loves taking her clothes off [COMMENT]Carol Vorderman, 61, exposes killer abs in sultry bikini [PICS]  Speaking to the New York Times, Ben said Jennifer is “the real thing”. He added: “How awesome is it that she had her biggest hit movie at 50? “That’s a f*****g baller.” In early 2021 the pair came under the media spotlight when they were spotted vacationing together.  The trip came ahead of the pair’s first public appearance together at the Venice Film Festival in September of the same year. In a 2022 interview with People, Jennifer said: “I feel so lucky and happy and proud to be with him”. She also shared her appreciation for getting “a second chance” to create their “beautiful love story” and that they would not be taking it for granted. In April 2022 Ben proposed once again, and three months later the couple got married in Las Vegas. 