Richard Hillgrove suggested the Duchess of Sussex would have been well aware of the “optics” resulting from her husband delivering his keynote UN speech in New York last month. Mr Hillgrove, who has in the past worked with Charles Saatchi, Julian Assange, Amber Heard, Rose McGowan, and Dame Vivienne Westwood, claims the entire episode was part of a “very deliberate attempt” to demonstrate Harry’s flagging popularity and prove Meghan needed to “move on to pastures new". During the course of his speech, Harry, 37, raised eyebrows by referencing the decision of the US Supreme Court to overturn Roe vs Wade the landmark 1973 legal ruling that in effect legalised abortion. Harry also warned of a global threat to democracy - even though he himself is not entitled to vote. Mr Hillgrove told Express.co.uk: "We all need to feel very sorry for Harry who has been hung out to dry. “But this was always on the cards from day one, in fact well before day one." Harry’s friends and relatives had “tried to warn him” of the risks of marrying the former Suits actress, Mr Hillgrove claimed. He said: “Photographs of the once-charismatic idol performing to empty chairs spells the end of the publicity dream." He suggested it would have been basic PR to make sure there were people to fill the seats, and also to “ensure the right angle on the cameras”, Mr Hillgrove pointed out that this did not appear to be the case. Mr Hillgrove speculated that Meghan, who he said was highly media-savvy, would have realised this fact and he believed she could have prevented it, although there is nothing to suggest she had any responsibility for organising the event. He added: "This is a very deliberate attempt to display to the world the number one crime for any high profile personality, that 'Harry is just not popular anymore'. READ MORE: Backlash grows as Harry denied UK access after 'privileges lost' "Jettisoning Harry paves the way for Meghan's US Presidential ambitions, which Harry can't play any part in any way.” "What we are watching is the gradual steps towards the disposal.” Meghan and Harry, who stepped down as frontline Royals in 2020 and moved to the United States, have established a new life for themselves in Montecito in California, buying a multimillion-pound home and launching a non-profit foundation. They have also signed lucrative deals - believed to be worth more than £100million, with Spotify and Netflix, giving them the money to pursue their new lifestyle and public goals. DON'T MISSBrexit outrage as farm business loses £150k of business due to Macron [INSIGHT]Nick Clegg mercilessly MOCKED as he returns to London [ANALYSIS]Sadly we cannot afford Net Zero right now, says JOHN LONGWORTH [INSIGHT] Meghan last week celebrated her 41st birthday privately with Harry and their children, Archie and Lilibet. In April, both delivered speeches at the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games in the Netherlands, less than two months after the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Harry told the Ukrainian competitors: “Our bravery in choosing to come, and for being here tonight, cannot be overstated. “You told me yesterday when you decided to join us despite all odds, you said you came to be on this global stage, not simply to show your strength, but to tell your truth, the truth, of what is happening in your country.” Meghan said: “For each team, my husband and I both recognise it’s been a lot to get here, both physically and emotionally. Not least … for the Ukraine team, who we are all standing with.” On October 9, 2018, just five months after her marriage, Meghan herself made a speech to the UN in which she said she had “unknowingly and somehow accidentally became a female advocate” at the age of 11. She explained: It was around the same time as the Beijing conference, so a little over twenty years ago, where in my hometown of Los Angeles a pivotal moment reshaped my notion of what is possible.See, I had been in school watching a TV show in elementary school, and this commercial came on with the tagline for this dishwashing liquid and the tagline said, ‘Women all over America are fighting greasy pots and pans.’ Two boys from my class said, ‘Yeah, that’s where women belong, in the kitchen.’” Encouraged by father Thomas, Meghan came home and wrote to “the most powerful people I could think of”, she added. She said: “To my surprise I received letters of encouragement from Hillary Clinton, from Linda Ellerbee, and from Gloria Allred. It was amazing.” Speaking this month about Meghan’s prospects of a career in politics, journalist Tom Bower, author of Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, said: "I think she'd quite like a political role, I think she'll first wait to see her children into school, she'll build the foundations for it. "But she's a very good-looking woman, she’s sassy, she's got her issues like parental rights – there have been worse people who have been congresswomen, so there's a good chance." Express.co.uk has contacted the Sussexes via Archewell for comment.