Arsenal will feel vindicated in their decision to loan William Saliba for as long as they did given his stance in world football now and they may have already repeated that successful plan. Saliba originally signed as an 18-year-old during Unai Emery's tenure at the Emirates in a deal worth in the region of £27million. The initial agreement was for Saliba to spend just one season out on loan back at Saint-Etienne before Mikel Arteta took over from Emery. The Spaniard then expressed "regret" at the start of the 2020/21 season when Saliba was left out of the club's competitive squads before he was sent to Nice on loan in January. It appeared as though Arsenal were getting ready to cut their losses with Saliba seemingly not part of Arteta's long-term plans. But Saliba joined his third Ligue 1 club on loan last season with Marseille where he soon started to realise his full potential. He was named Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year before returning to Arsenal where he has since finally made his Premier League debut and looks set to be a staple of Arteta's defence. At 21 years of age, Saliba will be seen as someone to play at the back for Arsenal for the long term.  Arsenal are blessed with plenty of young talent in their squad with the likes of Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli all making immediate impacts. Some may need to copy Saliba's route in finding regular football elsewhere to realise their full potential. Both Nuno Tavares and Folarin Balogun made the switch to Ligue 1 clubs this summer in search of regular football and the pair have hit the ground running in style. Balogun has two goals and an assist in his opening two games for Stade Reims while Tavares has also scored twice in both games for Marseille.  The striker is highly-rated by both Arteta and the Arsenal academy with the 21-year-old tipped for a bright future. Arteta made it clear back in March that he regards Balogun as someone capable of leading Arsenal's frontline for years. "I think Flo is doing what he needed to do, and probably we should have done it a little bit earlier," Arteta said. "It's always a bit difficult to time when is the best moment to do that. But he’s having the right exposure, he’s playing in a different formation and sometimes a different role under a manager and a club with huge history. "You can see how he is developing. This is going to give us more detail about what is the next best move for him to keep developing, because he has developed and we want him to be part of our future. He needed a pathway, he needs that exposure. He needs to go through good and difficult moments, and he needs to be able to adapt and find himself in the dressing room, and develop the importance that is required to play at this level. I think he is doing all of that really well."