Nottingham Forest are reportedly close to completing a move for Wolves defender Willy Boly, who failed to join the rest of Bruno Lage's squad for Sunday's match against Newcastle. Forest have taken a hugely proactive approach to recruitment since winning promotion to the Premier League at the end of last season, with Steve Cooper having already welcomed 18 new faces to the City Ground this summer. The likes of Morgan Gibbs-White, Emmanuel Dennis and Jesse Lingard have all arrived to strengthen the Reds over the last few months, but it seems as though even more signings could be made in advance of Thursday's all-important deadline. Boly looks set to become the next player to join the revolution at Forest over the coming days, with a full agreement set to be reached within the next 24 hours, according to Fabrizio Romano.It is claimed that Forest are 'really close' to adding Boly to their squad as they look to improve their defensive options in order to boost their hopes of securing Premier League survival at the end of the season. The player has been trying to force through the move in recent days and even boycotted Wolves' game against Newcastle over the weekend despite being expected to feature in their matchday squad.Boly was nowhere to be seen as Wolves shared the points with the Magpies at Molineux, with Allan Saint-Maximin's superb last-gasp volley from outside the box rescuing a welcome draw for the visitors. Wolves manager Lage expressed his surprise at Boly's absence after the final whistle and suggested that it was a ploy to accelerate his departure from the club, with the defender's heart set on a move to Forest. JUST IN: What Liverpool are 'looking for' amid Ruben Neves transfer update "He has a proposal in his hands and he wants to go, that is my feeling when I talk to him," Lage told reporters when quizzed on Boly's no-show."I told him I need a top player like you on the bench and afterwards he makes his decision. He was in the squad list and he didn’t come, he wants to force something I think." Premier League after taking four points from as many games since the start of the new season but will be the clear outsiders at the Etihad Stadium, with City widely expected to get the better of them over the course of the 90 minutes.They have certainly held their own up to now, though, and will be hoping that their large-scale summer recruitment drive will stand them in good stead to avoid the drop at the end of the campaign. Forest have splashed in excess of £140million on new players since winning the Championship play-off final in May and are showing no signs of slowing down with just three days remaining until the transfer window slams shut. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here