In a few days time, the next Prime Minister and leader of the Conservative Party – either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak – will be announced. As it stands, Ms Truss is currently racing ahead with YouGov’s latest survey revealing the current Foreign Secretary has a 38-point leader over her Conservative counterpart. Former Conservative MP Rory Stewart has told what it was like to work for Ms Truss when he was a junior minister – including that she will grill her colleagues, asking them maths questions.    Speaking on his podcast, The Rest is Politics, Mr Stewart said Ms Truss – who studied maths and further maths at A-Level – would “sit in meetings and test people on their mental arithmetic”. He continued: “I think her father was a maths professor so must present some sort of childhood trauma. “I imagine that’s what her dad did to her when she was at the breakfast table. There’s a real sense that she loves test mental arithmetic. “She was very interested in economics: she reads economics, she reads books about economics. “She obviously thinks about departments very much in terms of budgets, cuts and I think that’s very much part of her style. It’s much less about focusing on the particular nature of the department."    In 2015, Mr Stewart became the Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA). He continued: “I never felt in DEFRA she had a deep affection for rural affairs or landscape. “She sees it very much in IBM business management of the 1980s.” When asked how he found working with her, the former Cabinet minister revealed that he found working with Ms Truss “traumatising”. However, the 49-year-old said Ms Truss always has a smile on her face and enjoys provoking and teasing her colleagues. READ MORE: Liz Truss’ Cabinet predicted: ‘Young, diverse and right wing’  Mr Stewart continued: “I found it quite traumatising – it may be my own personality type. “I always felt that I was rushing from pillar to post. She would stop me in the lift and say ‘where’s my 25-year environment plan?’ And rush off and then I would try to write the 25-year environment plan. “And then it would turn out that she’d asked three other people in the department to write it as well. So we were writing these plans in parallel. “One of my great moments – again she was sitting with the 25-year environment plan and she’d rejected the fourth draft of it and said ‘this is not at all what I want, go and rewrite it’. “Finally I plucked up the courage to say ‘what is it that you don’t like about it? Is it “A”? Is it “B”? Is it “C”?’ [I had asked] to help us redraft it’. “So she said ‘Rory I think everyone around this table knows what I don’t like about the plan’. “And all the other civil servants kind of nod and when she leaves the room I turn to them and go ‘what is it?’" DON'T MISS: Denise Welch in furious row on Loose Women 'Meghan can do no right!' [REPORT]Liver disease: The 'early' warning sign in your poo [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as Russian forces waste missiles on decoy HIMARS [ANALYSIS]     He continued: “They said ‘oh I’m really sorry, I was really scared there, sorry not to back you up’. “She also has this big smile, so you’re never quite sure whether things are a joke, she certainly likes provoking and teasing. That’s certainly her style of leadership.” Ms Truss pulled out of an interview that was due to air on Tuesday, August 30 with Nick Robinson as she no longer had time. Mr Sunak was interviewed by Mr Robinson in early August. Andrew Neil – former GB News chairman who now has a show on Channel 4 – criticised Ms Truss’ refusal to let him interview her, describing it as a “cavalier way to behave”.   