Manchester United are in talks over a deal to sign Benjamin Sesko as well as Marko Arnautovic with both signings believed to be ‘separate’ to one another, according to reports. Erik ten Hag’s side lost 2-1 to Brighton in their Premier League opener on Sunday. And they’re keen to add to their squad by the time the transfer window shuts on September 1 as they target an improved campaign. Manchester United saw their hopes of a better Premier League season dealt a blow on Sunday as Brighton outplayed them at Old Trafford. And, with Avram Glazer watching on from the stands alongside John Murtough and Richard Arnold, it’s abundantly clear their side requires investment. United have signed Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen so far this summer - with the trio touching down from Feyenoord, Ajax and Brentford respectively. But they also want a forward, amid their interest in Arnautovic. And, according to ESPN, they’re in talks with Red Bull Salzburg for Sesko as they aim to add more firepower to their squad before the transfer window shuts at the start of next month. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Regarding Arnautovic, the veteran bagged 14 goals in 33 Serie A appearances for Bologna. He’s well-known by Ten Hag, who watched him develop in the Netherlands at the start of his carer, with United believing his experience can be a big asset. Ten Hag pressed the club to sign an experienced forward who would be ‘content with a back up role off the bench’, which is why the 33-year-old is under consideration. And they also want Sesko, with talks ongoing over a deal for the 19-year-old. Salzburg, for their part, would rather keep their talented teenager until next summer when they could bank an even higher fee for the forward. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United are said to be ‘hopeful’ at bolstering their attacking options, having already lost Edinson Cavani on a free transfer after two years at Old Trafford. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection, having last featured for the Red Devils back in January. Cristiano Ronaldo came off the bench against Brighton but still wants to leave for a team playing in the Champions League. And United are presently without Anthony Martial, who suffered a hamstring injury that ruled him out of the Brighton match. Ten Hag, meanwhile, said after the Brighton game that United’s defeat was down to a lack of self-belief. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I think it was a good start and then after we dropped down a level in belief and we made mistakes and the opponent punished us,” he said. "I can understand that [a lack of belief] after last year but it's not necessary. They are good players; self-belief is from yourself. "I know it could happen, but I think we should have done better, that's clear, but also it will not come overnight. “Today we had a worse period during the first half and we have to learn from that. That's also clear." And he also admitted he felt he had no choice but to deploy Christian Eriksen as a false nine. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "If there was an available striker, I would have played him," Ten Hag said. "Cristiano Ronaldo is now maybe for 10 days in team training and too short for 90 minutes, so that is the reason we didn't start him. “We have two strikers [Martial and Ronaldo], maybe a third one, [Marcus] Rashford. "We considered him as a striker but he had a really good season on the left side and he had two really good chances, but the typical nine wasn't available today." United are next in action against Brentford on Saturday (5.30pm). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here