Filming for series 12 of Death in Paradise is well underway, and BBC fans can’t wait to see how the upcoming storyline will unfold. Ralf Little, who will make his return as detective Neville Parker, has been teasing fans by sharing snaps from behind the scenes. Ralf took over from Ardal O’Hanlon, who played DI Jack Mooney in series nine, before the detective decided to leave Saint Marie to be with his daughter. Over the past 10 years, the writers of Death in Paradise have cast a number of actors who have played the lead detective. Ben Miller, who played the first-ever detective, Richard Poole, was killed off at the beginning of series three. He was promptly replaced by Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall), who eventually moved back to London to be with his love. Jack Mooney was the next DI to work with the Saint Marie police force, before being replaced by Neville. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Frank returns to kill Sean's love interest However, speaking in a new interview, the show’s creators opened up about the challenges they face when coming up with new storylines. Tim Key and James Hall admitted it can be “incredibly tricky” when trying to come up with interesting murder plots. “It is really tricky,” James admitted. “The sort of biggest creative challenge every year is not so much the murder scenarios, but the puzzle…the trick. “The trick is the thing that's the hardest and creating sort of six, at least usually six suspects, each one of whom has a motive. “And one of whom has two motives because there's one that takes you to them in the first place and then another one which is the actual reason that they did it. “It's probably the biggest misunderstanding about the show when everyone talks about it being who done it.” The creator went on to explain the show focuses more on why and how the killer commits a crime. "The how is always the hardest part," Tim continued in the BBC Writers Room podcast. "Thinking of a world in which to set the crime is we think, quite easy. DON'T MISS...The Sandman creators explain Constantine gender-swap [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn looks concerned on set as Vera discovers body [PICTURES]A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down over Craig Rowe property choice [VIDEO]  "And quite often people come to us with a sort of headline puzzle, but without a solution. "So without a shadow of a doubt the trick is the hardest part of the entire thing in my opinion, and keeping coming up with them is really really difficult." Turning to his co-star, James agreed: "Yes, it is really hard. "I think it only gets harder because the more episodes we make, the more our audience become perhaps savvy to the kind of tricks we use." "So, it only gets harder because we have to think up new methods and there's kind of no rules to it," James added. "It's kind of very hard to approach." The writer went on to admit that as each series passes by, it gets more "daunting" for the writers to keep the scripts interesting and fresh. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BritBox and BBC iPlayer.