Lewis Hamilton has admitted he copes with negative thoughts through meditation as Mercedes’ poor season continues. Hamilton said he adopted a range of meditation techniques including running to “clear his mind”. He also revealed meditation helps to “give clarity” and clear his head during difficult times. Hamilton told GQ: “I’ve realised there are lots of different ways of meditating, it's not just about sitting there and being quiet for a moment. “Part of my meditation is running, that's where I clear my mind. But sitting down and just being silent for a moment, and in deep thought, centering yourself and sending good intentions for your day is also critical to a healthy, happy lifestyle. “Meditation helps give you a bit of clarity and helps to think about what you want to achieve in your day. If I ever catch myself saying something negative, I've taught myself to just have more positive affirmations.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton explains 'important' routine to recover after F1 races  Hamilton has previously posted about his meditation on Instagram, including posting an image of him and his dad enjoying time out last season. His comments come after Hamilton finds himself fighting further down the field than in previous seasons as Mercedes get to grips with their issues. The Silver Arrows have been unable to regularly challenge for wins as they continue to lack pace compared to their rivals Red Bull and Ferrari. The team looked way off the pace at the start of the season with Hamilton a lowly 13th at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. However, the German manufacturer has begun to adopt solutions which have improved their performance. Hamilton has now picked up five consecutive podium finishes including back-to-back P2 results in France and Hungary. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton admits 'difficulty' as Brit explains wild lifestyle [INSIGHT]George Russell opens up on major change since battling Lewis Hamilton  [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen tipped to eclipse Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher [COMMENT] But, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has set Hamilton and team-mate George Russell a new goal for the second part of the season. He has demanded both drivers improve on Saturdays in qualifying to ensure they are closer to the front when Mercedes’ race pace comes alive. Russell secured the team’s first pole position of the season in Hungary but this has been an area the team have struggled over the first 13 races. He explained: “We were strong on the Sundays but never quite there in qualifying and the gap was simply too large. “Now it's about trying to understand what it is and in the second half of the season hopefully increase our qualifying pace and then be able to race for victories.”