The new Premier League season is just two games old but, already, Manchester United are in a crisis. Erik ten Hag was hired to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford, having exceeded all expectations during his spell at Ajax. But with Brentford inflicting a 4-0 defeat on the Dutchman’s side on Saturday, the size of the job has now hit home. Manchester United had gone into their game with Brentford hoping to bounce back after suffering a 2-1 defeat to Brighton last weekend. But the minute David De Gea allowed Josh Dasilva’s tame strike to squirm under his body, the Red Devils were up against it. Further goals from Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo inflicted a terrible defeat on United, who are now rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table. Harry Maguire, Lisandro Martinez, Bruno Fernandes and Cristiano Ronaldo were all particularly poor during the contest. So Express Sport will now take a look at four changes United can make in order to improve and begin to climb up the Premier League table. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Ten Has has been keen to back Maguire in the hope the England international can rediscover his best form. But though the season is just two games old, it’s clear the former Leicester star needs taking out of the firing line. Maguire has been out of sorts for United for some time, now. His best performances have come for England over the past year, rather than his club. On the bench, watching the 29-year-old toil, was Raphael Varane. Varane may have his injury issues but the France international is still an upgrade on anything the Red Devils have at centre-back. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Victor Lindelof wasn’t involved as United lost to Brentford. The Sweden international is being linked with a move to Roma, with Jose Mourinho keen on a reunion with a player he previously managed at Old Trafford. But though Lindelof has his problems, the former Benfica star is often a trusted figure at the back. Martinez was so poor against Brentford that, already, there are doubts whether he can handle the intensity of the Premier League. That’s damning given his price tag and experience but demoting him, for now, would be a shrewd move. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. On his day, Bruno Fernandes is one of the best playmakers in the whole of world football. Yet the Portugal international, like Maguire, has resembled a shadow of his usual self in recent months. Fernandes is becoming a liability in the United midfield so, with that being the case, it’s time for Ten Hag to give Donny van de Beek a run of games. Admittedly, the Netherlands playmaker has been unable to show his best form during his two years in England. But nobody will know how good Van de Beek really is until he’s given some more opportunities, especially given how he played more in pre-season than any other member of the squad. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Cristiano Ronaldo has never been the problem at United. But he is becoming one because, like against Brighton last week, the veteran no longer looks to be the threat of old. United were good in pre-season without Ronaldo and, when Anthony Martial is fit, the France international deserves to start. Another issue with Ronaldo is that, each time the team lose, he never seems interested in taking responsibility. Instead, he’d rather storm down the tunnel. And that doesn’t reflect well on the 37-year-old, regardless of all he’s achieved so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here