Mayor of London Sadiq Khan reacted to the new Met Office amber warning for flash floods and thunderstorms and urged the Government to “tackle climate change at the source” to prevent temperatures from “exceeding 1.5 degrees”. Referring to the capital, he called for the implementation of new measures to “adapt our city to deal with the consequences of climate change” and stressed “I’m really concerned about the ability of not just fire brigade but also the whole city to deal with what is now becoming a regular event of heatwave”. Mr Khan told GB News: “As we saw at the beginning of August in one day, the busiest dat of the fire service since the Second World War, and later on this week, we could be seeing flash floods in our city. “I’m really concerned about the ability of not just fire brigade but also our city to deal with what is now becoming a regular event of heatwave, droughts and flash flooding.” He suggested: “The government has two big things [to do]. “One is to tackle climate change at the source to reduce the possibility of temperatures exceeding 1.5 degrees. “And secondly, make sure that we adapt our cities in our country so that we can deal with the consequences of climate change. “I’m really worried about all forms of life in London. “Our public transport, the ability of our tunes or buses or trams and underground to be effective when temperatures are exceeding 35 or 40 degrees. “But also where people work and live, it’s really important to adapt our city to deal with the consequences of climate change.” READ MORE: Protestors barricade themselves around immigration vehicles Among the initiatives, he included: “Making sure our public transport is air conditioned and air cooled. “Making sure that where people live and work can be warm in winter and cool in summer. “Making sure we plant more trees so we can have more shaded areas. “Making sure we have water available for people who need it during the course of the day.” DON'T MISS:Gove confronted in furious Brexit row over 30-hour easyJet delay [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: 'Relations will get worse' European Union fears erupt  [LISTEN]Moving vans spotted outside Downing Street as PM prepares to leave [INSIGHT] The comments came as the Met Office has warned of large thunderstorms and heavy rain over the UK on Monday as consequence of hot weather now drawing to a close. Referring to the current amber warning for thunderstorms, climate spokesperson for the Met office Grahame Madge explained: “The ground is like concrete, so the water will run off before it can percolate through. “This could lead to flash flooding in some areas”. Met Office chief forecaster Dan Suri also said: “The change in weather regime will see the heat of the last few days slip away from the south and east, this will be increasingly replaced with more unsettled conditions with heavy showers, thunderstorms and torrential downpours being key hazards over the UK until Wednesday”. READ NEXT:Tories STILL want Boris to stay as PM rather than hand over reins Corbyn ally Mick Lynch sides with RUSSIA in blaming West for warPutin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims'You've entered the war' Putin puppet threatens EU with nuclear strikeUkraine LIVE: Horror as Putin tipped for SECOND European invasion