The Vauxhall Corsa, believed to have been parked on East Prescot Road in Dovecot, is claimed to have prevented one home's skip from being collected apparently costing the fuming neighbour money in extra charges. The car was plastered with angrily typed-out pieces of paper labelling the parking "selfish" and "idiotic". The homeowner took to Twitter to share photos of the car and the note. The notes said: "Selfish idiotic parking!!!! Parking right next to a bulging skip that's due to be collected today has cost me a lot of time and money. At 0803hrs this morning you parked in front of my property blocking an obviously bulging skip that was due to be collected today. "I have spent hours knocking on every house and asking in the shop about the owner. It's now 1400hrs and it's still blocking the skip; I will now have to pay extra charges because of your selfish stupidity!!!!" READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin People were divided by whether the person who taped the notes to the car did the right thing. One person said: "It's not illegal to park in front of somebody's property." Another person added in response: "Unless it was blocking a dropped kerb. They never made that clear." One person pointed out that the heat could have melted the duct tape onto the car. He said: "Won't be easy getting that duct tape off with the heat melting it." DON'T MISS Relief for UK drivers as petrol prices drop below 175p a litre [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fines for wearing flip flops in heatwave [WARNING] Major warning for drivers using air conditioning to reduce fuel use [REVEAL] Another said: "Think you might be getting a bill for car repairs too." The news comes after a letter left on a parked car in a residential street has ignited a huge debate. Motorists in a North Wales seaside town labelled it “petty” but others urged drivers to be “considerate” to homeowners frustrated by parking issues. Parking disputes are familiar to millions and in one Colwyn Bay street the fuse was lit by a letter left on a car. READ MORE: ‘Petty' letter left on car ignites huge row in seaside town The hand-written letter informed the driver the street is a “residential road and not a car park” and asked the driver to park elsewhere. The driver’s “highly disappointed” mother took to Facebook to vent her anger over the letter. She said her son has been parking in Colwyn Bay, Conwy, to work twice a week for the past four months, and was not causing any problems. The mum added: “I would suggest that the person who wrote this note contacts the local council if they have a problem with the parking outside the property - instead of taking their frustration out on a young lad who just wants to work for a living and not cause mischief around the town like others his age.” Colwyn Bay, like many coastal towns, can suffer from inconsiderate parking during the tourism season. However, the driver in question parked up in Hillside Road, which lies outside the Colwyn Bay town centre conservation area. It has no parking restrictions, though in the past some houses have had spots allocated for disabled parking, NorthWalesLive reported. His predicament received scores of messages of support. One person said: “No one has a right to tell anyone where they can and cannot park, as long as the car is insured taxed and has an MOT. “If he’s not actually blocking the driveway then what’s the problem?”