Christine McGuinness, 34, has reflected on how her life has changed “dramatically” since the shocking news she is divorcing husband Paddy, 49. The TV personality revealed she had “been better” and “been worse” in a candid Q&A with fans. Christine asked her 682k followers to send her questions on Instagram. One fan wondered: “How’s Christine doing? The real Christine?” She replied: “A bit,” and then left a row of different emojis ranging from happy to sad and confused, demonstrating how she felt all mixed up. “I’ve been better, I’ve been worse…” she added. “I count my blessings… and smile every day for these three,” she wrote, over a photo of her children. Another fan told Christine: “I read your book, loved it. “Will you do another now your life has changed so much since”. Christine replied: “Yes, my life has changed dramatically since I finished this book last year, but I love a happy ending so maybe I’ll wait a bit longer,” with a smiling emoji. The star also shared a video of one of her children hosing the plants in her garden, as she wrote: “As much as we are all ready for #BackToSchool soon… These summer holidays have been the best so far. “I want to enjoy every extra minute I get with them.” Christine shares twins Penelope and Leo, both nine, and six-year-old Felicity with ex-husband Paddy. Earlier this month, Christine apologised to fans for being quiet on social media after suffering two devastating losses. Not only had she split from her husband of 11 years, but her beloved nan also died. “I know I’m being quieter on here, I hope to be back set properly soon,” she wrote on Instagram. “I'm just needing time out, thinking lots, life is short, unpredictable and sometimes crazy. “My Nan, the one with the words of wisdom, she joined grandad in heaven last week and it's hit me harder than I ever imagined,” Christine wrote, alongside a broken heart emoji. "Then my dad turned 60… if you have read my story, you will understand why this is huge, I can't help but wonder how he made it this far. “But I'm so grateful he is here even with his struggles. I'm thankful for that. “Anyway, life is crazy, we're half way through the school summer holidays again, if you know… you know! “I'm slightly exhausted, but happy, healthy and grateful for life,” the star signed off.