Experts have told Express.co.uk the housing market is beginning to feel the bite of the cost-of-living crisis. Prices have fallen for the first month on record according to Rightmove and Halifax. Rightmove held the average price of a UK property dropped by 1.3 percent, or £4,795, to £365,173 in August. The Halifax House Price Index held house prices fell by 0.1 percent in July, for a £365 month-on-month fall. While average wages rose 4.7 percent between April and June, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) added the "real value" of pay fell by 3 percent. Average rates on a two-year and five-year fixed mortgage were up by 0.4 and 0.52 percent respectively in July, according to the research company Moneyfacts. Inflation also hit a 40-year high of 10.1 percent annually, according to ONS estimates on Wednesday, above a consensus forecast of 9.8 percent and up from 9.4 percent in June. The Bank of England expects inflation to top out at 13.3 percent in October, while energy bills are set to surge up to £3,523 on October 1 according to Investec. As a result of surges in the average cost of living and mortgage rates, as well as plunges in “real value” wages, house price growth slowed from 12.8 percent to 7.8 percent between May and June, in one of the biggest monthly drops in annual growth ever recorded by the ONS. Jonathan Hopper, CEO of Garrington Property Finders, has now told Express.co.uk that the “juggernaut of rising house prices is slowing sharply”. Mr Hopper told Express.co.uk: “The average price paid for a home rose by 1 percent between May and June. While this is a solid jump, and the eighth consecutive monthly increase in values, it’s a fraction of the 5.7 percent spike seen in June 2021. “This comparison with the explosive growth seen a year ago goes some way to explaining why today’s headline figure looks rather flat. “But the slowdown is no statistical anomaly. Economic gravity is finally catching up with the once superheated property market.” READ MORE: House price growth plummeting faster than 2008 credit crunch The Garrington Property Finders CEO continued: “Rather than slipping into its customary summer holiday lull, in recent months the property market has been shocked into action by the gathering recessionary clouds, and it has been ‘all change’ for both buyers and sellers. “With consumer inflation now at a 40-year high and Britons’ real-terms earnings falling at the fastest rate on record, confidence is starting to wane – and this is rapidly redrawing the familiar patterns of the post-pandemic boom. “Sellers have become much more flexible in their pricing, with many keen to agree a deal quickly ahead of a potential softening of the market. “Meanwhile buyers are being far more measured in their approach to negotiation, which increasingly means seeking a discount to serve as a comfort buffer to offset unknown risks. DON'T MISS Ofgem revolt warning as thousands to boycott bills Prince Harry tipped to dash perception he is a 'moaner' with memoir EU warned trade war with China would cost Germany more than Brexit “While there’s still a severe shortage of homes for sale in many areas, we are seeing more retirement-age sellers come onto the market, not just to downsize, but also to unlock equity and move into a smaller, more energy-efficient home with lower running costs. As a result, some homes with an A, B or C EPC rating are starting to attract a premium. “Transactions are still painfully slow and conveyancers and mortgage providers are under huge pressure as demand soars from homeowners who are remortgaging, either out of need or fear. “From a frenzied market that was driven by sellers wanting ‘top prices’, the market has now transitioned to sellers wanting ‘top buyers’. Certainty and flexibility have become tradeable commodities during negotiations. Buyers offering these advantages are increasingly able to secure price discounts in return – something rarely achieved just three months ago.” It comes as Persimmon, one of the UK’s leading housebuilders, generated revenue of £1.69 billion in the first half of 2022, but with warnings the firm “gushing cash” is “not in control of its own destiny” over housing prices. Persimmon delivered 6,652 homes in first six months of the year, at an average selling price of £245,597. They noted that cost inflation is currently running at between 8 to 10 percent, but added “sales price inflation is currently mitigating this”. Charlie Huggins, Head of Equities at Wealth Club told Express.co.uk that house prices have “proved remarkably robust since the pandemic began” due to savings and cheaper mortgages. Mr Huggins said: “Persimmon has gushed cash in this environment and is returning record amounts of it to shareholders. “But, make no mistake - the biggest reason for Persimmon’s success is high house prices, and the general strength of the housing market. “That is something over which it has no control, and it could be about to change. Increasing house prices in recent years mean home buyers are having to borrow more to get on the housing ladder. “Combine that with rising interest rates, which ultimately mean more expensive mortgages, and the affordability of property could fall substantially. If interest rates keep rising, it’s hard to see how the housing market would be immune. “For now, Persimmon is a cash machine. But with build costs rising, they need house prices to continue going up, or else margins will come under pressure.”