Landlords are fighting to keep their doors open due to rocketing energy bills for both them and their customers. Bosses at six of the country’s biggest chains say many are confronting a 300 per cent increase on pre-pandemic costs while their customers have less money to spend at the bar. Worryingly, a survey by The Morning Advertiser last week showed more than 70 per cent of operators did not expect to make it through the winter without Government intervention. Emma McClarkin, chief executive of the British Beer and Pub Association, fears that pubs that “weathered the storm” of Covid now face closures and job losses due to price rises. Ms McClarkin said: “Soaring energy bills are forcing publicans to make tough choices, with many already reducing opening hours to remain viable. “It’s not an exaggeration to say what we are facing in terms of rising costs could have a worse impact than the pandemic in terms of business closures and subsequent job losses. “Publicans are between a rock and a hard place, they are trying to cover their costs, but they also have customers who are tightening their belts, it’s completely unsustainable.”  Last month it was reported the number of pubs in England and Wales continued to fall, hitting its lowest level on record. Business leaders from across the brewing and pub industry have this week signed an open letter to the Government and leadership candidates calling for an urgent support package before it is too late. The letter - signed by Greene King, JW Lees, Carlsberg Marston’s, Admiral Taverns, Drake & Morgan and St Austell Brewery - called for a price cap for small businesses and extra grants. It said good work to help pubs during the pandemic could be wasted, adding: “Across our businesses, we are witnessing price rises causing irreversible damage.” Energy industry regulator Ofgem has confirmed bills for an average UK household will rise 80 per cent in October with a new price cap of £3,549. But the cap does not apply to businesses - many still reeling from the impact of Covid. Today, the chief operating officer of St Austell Brewery, Andrew Turner, told Sky News that sky-high energy bills are wiping out the profits pubs are making.  He said: “Unlike consumers, there is no energy price cap for small businesses therefore we are seeing spiralling costs for our tenants, pubs, and breweries. "It is totally wiping out the profits they are making, which questions why on earth they would want to open their doors going forward.” Mr Turner said that to avoid a potentially “catastrophic” situation, the Government needs to provide greater leadership and more support for the struggling sector. He added: “At the moment, it feels like we are sat in the ether, with no significant leader at the top to make decisions. “We need the Government to step forward to make decisions, to support our sector, and make sure such a cornerstone of UK business can get through this tough time.” No action is due on bills until after Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss starts work as prime minister next Tuesday.   William Lees Jones, Managing Director of JW Lees said: “We have publicans who are experiencing 300 per cent plus increases in energy costs and some energy companies are refusing to even quote for supply. “In some instances, tenants are giving us notice since their businesses do not stack up with energy at these costs. These are not just pubs but people’s homes and the hearts of the communities that they sit in. “Government needs to extend the energy cap to business as well as households.” Nick Mackenzie, chief executive of Greene King, said: “The huge rise in energy bills is hitting the UK’s pubs hard – just as the sector was starting to recover from the pandemic. Up and down the country our tenants and free trade customers are receiving untenably high bills, with one reporting a rise of £33,000 a year for energy. “While the Government has introduced measures to help households cope with this spike in prices, businesses are having to face this alone, and it is only going to get worse come the autumn. “Without immediate government intervention to support the sector, we could face the prospect of pubs being unable to pay their bills, jobs being lost and beloved locals across the country forced to close their doors, meaning all the good work done to keep pubs open during the pandemic could be wasted.”