Chelsea are reportedly showing interest in Barcelona forward Memphis Depay. The Blues are already keen on signing Barca duo Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as Thomas Tuchel looks to add to the £175million he has already spent this summer. Depay has entered the final season of the two-year contract he signed when moving to the Nou Camp last year. The Dutchman is not a part of Xavi's plans moving forward and Barca are desperate to sell. Chelsea and Barca have already crossed paths in this window. And it appears there could be plenty of conversations between the two European giants in the coming weeks. Spanish newspaper Sport claims Depay is one of three players Barca are most desperate to sell, with Martin Braithwaite and Samuel Umtiti the other two. Juve are interested in signing Depay but the report also claims Chelsea are 'thinking' about the former Manchester United star. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye Rabiot partner, De Jong's Boehly chat, Spurs bid  Chelsea are set to let Timo Werner rejoin RB Leipzig and have already allowed Romelu Lukaku to move back to Inter Milan on loan. Sport's digital version claims Barca believe Chelsea will look to sign Depay following Werner's exit back to Germany. Depay's wage demands are said to be a problem for Juve, which could open the door for Chelsea. Depay scored 13 goals in 38 games for Barca in his debut campaign for the club. His previous spell in England saw him score just seven goals in 53 outings for United in 18 months, before leaving for Lyon in January 2017. Depay is the third Barca player Chelsea are looking at signing. Midfielder De Jong has been a top target for Manchester United throughout the summer. But Chelsea also maintain a strong interest and Barca would sell, but the player has been reluctant to leave so far. DON'T MISSFerdinand has Arsenal concern and responds to Saliba comparisonAC Milan 'respond to Arsenal's enquiry for Tonali' after meetingFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurk  Meanwhile, Aubameyang is linked with a reunion with Tuchel. He enjoyed a hugely successful spell under the German between 2015 and 2017 at Borussia Dortmund. Chelsea and Barca have already been embroiled in plenty of transfer drama this summer. Winger Raphinha and defender Jules Kounde were both top targets for the Blues but have instead signed for the La Liga giants. Meanwhile, Barca are keen on signing Chelsea wing-back Marcos Alonso. However, they missed out on Cesar Azpilicueta, who has instead signed a new contract at Stamford Bridge. 