Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has insisted Saturday's 4-0 defeat to Brentford won't prompt him to change his tactics. The Red Devils were played off the pitch at the Gtech Community Stadium. And it means they're now bottom of the Premier League table, having also succumbed to a 2-1 loss against Brighton last week. Manchester United were confident of bouncing back from last week's debacle against Brighton. But that didn't happen on Saturday night, with Brentford superior in every department as they scored four goals without reply from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo. Though it's still early into Ten Hag's reign, questions are already being asked of the United manager after a second defeat in a row. Yet he insisted he wouldn't be forced into changing his tactics on the back of the loss, while also claiming his players are more than capable of adjusting to his demands. "This is a good question," he said. "I will not admit that. I think they can, they showed already in pre-season and this has nothing to do with that. "When you make the mistakes we made tonight, every plan and every strategy is put in the bin." United are a club in crisis right now and Ten Hag was also asked about the club's transfer business, amid their desire to land the likes of Frenkie de Jong and Adrien Rabiot. He did say, though, that he's not bothered about the defeat potentially putting off certain targets from coming to Old Trafford. "I do not think about that," he said. "I think about how to get the best from the team, the squad, but at this moment that is not my concern. "We have to do it [bounce back]. It's clear, we need to analyse, it's not possible that the opponent is more hungry than you are. "In the second half I saw a comeback. But you have start well, and this is no good." Former United star Gary Neville, meanwhile, slammed his old side after watching them put in a shambolic performance in the capital. "I’ve been watching United for 42 years and I can’t think of a moment where I’ve ever felt that it’s been as bad as it was in that first half," he said. “The impact of that first half will be devastating for these players in terms of their confidence, unless they can do something miraculous in this second half. While it was agony for United it was joy for Brentford, however. And goalscorer Jensen spoke out after the game and said: "It felt like we were on top of everything. "They couldn't cope with our pressure, our second balls, our intensity. You could see they were struggling. "It was either me or Josh Dasilva in that situation [pressing in midfield]. We had to put pressure on Christian Eriksen because we knew he wanted to dictate the game." And, on his goal, he added: "It's amazing. I didn't know what to do. A lot of things went through the mind."