Commentators are assessing the legacy of Boris Johnson and his time in Number 10, so I thought I would add my tuppence worth. Boris famously wrote two articles for the Daily Telegraph before the 2016 referendum, one backing Brexit and the other to remain in the European Union. His political antennae were on form then because as we know he chose to back leaving the EU. Prime Minister Johnson was from that point going to happen - although it took three years to get there. July 2019 seems a long time ago, but really it isn’t. At the time I was leader of the DUP and in a confidence and supply agreement with the Conservative and Unionist party at Westminster. The agreement was to deliver for the UK and in particular to deliver Brexit. Unfortunately, the Parliament was so troublesome that very little could be achieved through the House of Commons and, after agreeing the monumental mistake with the EU known as the NI Protocol, the agreement between the Tories and the DUP came to an end and we had a general election. Boris went into the election saying he had delivered Brexit but the plain truth was that it was all smoke and mirrors. The UK had not escaped the clutches of Europe, as part of it, (Northern Ireland) had been left behind in the EU single market for goods. It was a huge miscalculation by Boris and his team and at the time of writing the protocol still rips at the heart of the Union and needs to go. The latest aberration is the imposition of 25 percent tariffs on steel moving between Great Britain and Northern Ireland – yes you read that correctly steel moving INTERNALLY in the UK is now subject to a 25 percent tariff because NI is part of the EU single market and EU Import tariffs have now reached a level which means the tariff is activated. Sometimes I think that I am living as Alice in Wonderland as this is just so bizarre, but believe me in NI this is a reality. To be fair to the PM after the Protocol kicked in at the start of 2021, he very quickly realised how problematic it was, because at his heart he is a unionist. He has recently tried to make amends through the NI Protocol Bill which is still in Parliament. Now we are told the new PM could trigger article 16 of the Protocol once in place. This would immediately halt the 25 percent tariff on steel as we would be in a standstill position. We will wait and see what happens but I hope the new PM will continue the work of PM Johnson with regards to NI. Boris Johnson’s strongest legacy in my opinion, is not Brexit but how he has handled the Russian invasion of the independent state of Ukraine. He visited for a third time since the invasion six months ago, on Wednesday, which was Ukrainian Independence Day. There is no doubt Boris is loved in Ukraine. He is second only to President Zelensky himself. If it were up to the Ukrainian people Boris Johnson would still be the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. They love Boris because in a very straightforward way he has supported them when others prevaricated. There is a lot to be said for decisive leadership and I only wish Boris had gone with his gut on other issues from Covid to the NI Protocol. When he visited on Wednesday the Prime Minister was presented the Ukrainian Order of Liberty by President Zelensky. It is awarded to those who strengthen the sovereignty and independence of Ukraine. There is no doubt that Boris Johnson deserves the award and when he was there, he announced yet more military aid for the country. It is little wonder then that some Ukrainians fear that when Boris leaves his position it will have an impact on the morale of Ukrainian troops. It is will be therefore vitally important for the next PM to show the same strength of character which Boris has exhibited on supporting freedom in Ukraine. The only language which Putin understands is strength and any sign of a change of direction will be picked up immediately by the Kremlin. Brexit, Covid, Partygate were all seminal issues for Boris for different reasons but he will hope that it was his support for Ukraine at its time of great need which will define his legacy as Prime Minister. In the long term I think it will.