PMQs have been absent from the House of Commons for several weeks, with Boris Johnson having last addressed the chamber on July 20. MPs have since retired for summer recess, allowing Conservative Party members to pick his successor. Britons don't have long to wait until they finalise their decision and their chosen candidate takes to the Commons despatch box. PMQs can only happen while Parliament is in session, and the House of Commons is currently in recess. MPs started a nearly two-month break from the lower House on July 21 and will remain absent until next week. The House returns next week on Monday, September 5, and will start lawmaking again. READ MORE: Change the Tory leadership rules to get Boris back in No.10 - LETTERS PMQs will take place two days later, on Wednesday, September 7. The session will see both Conservative and opposition MPs able to quiz the Tory leader. Unless Commons officials diverge from the usual schedule, the session should begin at 12pm and end by 12.30pm. The PM is expected to attend the weekly session unless otherwise indisposed, in which case they are replaced by their deputy. Mr Johnson's July 20 address was his last as Prime Minister, as he resigned fewer than two weeks prior on July 7. He remains in the role until party officials announce his replacement on September 5. But he may still appear in the Chamber during PMQs on September 7. New Prime Ministers are typically backed by the majority of their MPs when they make their debut in the House of Commons. Mr Johnson is one of them, as while he has resigned as PM, Mr Johnson will continue serving as the Member of Parliament for Uxbridge and South Ruislip. James Duddridge, his Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS), confirmed as such on July 7 in a Twitter post when he said "the boss" would "carry on as an MP". Mr Johnson has not confirmed whether he will attend the Commons as either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak make their debut. The outgoing Prime Minister has received backlash for his absence during his last few weeks. He has chosen to take at least two holidays while "caretaker", including one to Serbia and another to Greece. Mr Johnson also recently appeared in Ukraine for his third time to meet President Volodymyr Zelensky and unveil a new £52 million financial package for his country. Labour has accused the Prime Minister of presiding over a "zombie" Government, while officials have insisted he was still on duty during his outings.