Emmerdale newcomer Dan Spencer (player by Liam Fox) certainly made his mark when he arrived in the village and was quick to get on the wrong side of Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley). Dan ended up having a fling with the mechanic’s mother (Sally Dexter) and it’s safe to say the Dingle favourite wasn’t amused. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Liam addressed his future on the soap as he opened up about his new Channel 5 project. The Dan Spencer star has teamed up with his Emmerdale colleague and friend Dean Andrews, who plays Will Taylor in the ITV soap. The new programme titled Our Great Yorkshire Life sees the actors exploring the countryside and what the Dales has to offer. They also took part in a number of different activities including caving and kayaking. However, according to Liam, not everything went to plan while filming. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen Speaking about his new presenting role, the soap star admitted, while he has no plans to leave Emmerdale, he would love to do more if ITV bosses allow it. “I'd love to do more presenting, more stuff with Dean and more stuff on my own,” he began. “I love Emmerdale to bits, and I am certainly happy at Emmerdale until the end of time, but it’s nice doing other stuff as it keeps the old grey matter going. “I've got actually got a podcast about ghosts and UFOs as well. So, I'm used to being a bit daft.” Liam went on to recall some of the activities they took part in while filming, admitting he is “scared of everything”. “I’m a bit of a wet lettuce me, scared of the dark and scared of my own shadow,” the 52-year-old when referring to the caving task. Although, there was one adventure Dean had to do on his own because Liam can’t swim. “It was funny because I can't swim,” he laughed, “So, Deano did the kayaking and I’m watching him from the sides, making sure that he's alright. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Bernice Blackstock blamed for Mandy Dingle's death [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little speaks out on Neville Parker exit [INSIGHT]Big Breakfast viewers 'switch off' after 10 minutes  [VIDEO] “I think it’s more humorous than anything because I’m just sat around waiting for him while he's going down this little shallow river. “It was quite entertaining what happens there as well. That was quite funny.” “When asked about any accidents while filming,” the actor added: “Not as such, Dean slipped a bit going down in the caves, but he was alright. T “There might be a slight accident with Dean in the kayaks, that will be interesting to watch. “I don’t think he found it funny, but it made me laugh. “I hope they’ve kept it all but [he had] a little tumble shall we say.” Liam’s current storyline centres around his onscreen daughter, Amelia (Daisy Campbell). The teenager recently discovered she was pregnant with Noah’s (Jack Downham) baby, and the only person she has confided in is, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.