When women experience menopause, the shape of their bodies can change as hormones adjust. A personal trainer has revealed three exercises to do at home, that can help bust the ‘meno-belly’. Ranvir Singh, who is sitting in for Lorraine during the summer holidays explained: “We’re talking about the menopause, and something more specific, called the meno-belly. “It’s one of the most common, but least talked about symptoms, with many women conscious about their weight, that they’ve gained around their middle, in particular. “Personal trainer, Shakira Akabusi is here with three easy exercises to help.” “Going through menopause can be a real challenge,” Shakira said. “Some people might feel a little bit worried about how this can affect the appearance of their tummy, also known as the meno-belly. READ MORE: Alison Hammond weight loss: How TV star shed pounds 'at her own pace' “Here are three exercises that are really going to help. “Using a mixture of cardiovascular and strength-based exercises means you can get all the benefits of fat burning, resistance training and core strengthening, all from the comfort of your own home,” she added. “So this exercise is the step up - it’s really great to boost our cardiovascular system. “We can start nice and slow, using a low step or a bench. “Remember we do want to increase our heart rate - I would do this for 20 seconds, rest for 10 seconds, catch your breath a little bit and then we go again. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says [COMMENT]Remove limescale from toilet bowl with no cleaning products [VIDEO]Primark worker secret: Insider hack to pay less for clothes [INSIDER] “The second exercise I’m about to show you is the elevated press up, and it’s fantastic because it not only targets our upper body, but it really works our core, helping the appearance of the meno-belly and helping tone our tummy. “Place your knees on the floor, and place your hands on the sofa, from here we’re going to bend our elbows, lowering our chest down toward the sofa and pushing back up. “What’s really important is that we maintain this good alignment along our spine, so we don’t want to drop our chin to our chest. “And this exercise is really great because you can progress and modify it just by using different levels,” the exercise expert said. READ MORE: Weight loss: How eating yoghurt can burn 'double' the amount of fat “If you want to decrease the intensity of this workout, put your hands onto a wall and standing to work the press up. “If you want to increase it, place your hands on the floor, extend the legs all the way back and that’s going to really increase the intensity of this exercise for our upper body and core. “Strength training is always really important, but particularly when we’re going through menopause, as that can lead to muscle loss. “With all of these exercises I would advise doing about eight to 10 repetitions,” Shakira commented. “This next movement is alternate lunges, and it not only works the lower body, but it also really targets our core. “Start with your feet hip-width apart, and take a nice step forward. “We’re then going to bend both knees at 90 degree angle, and as we push up, and back to the starting position. “Make sure your back knee isn’t crossing as we lunge down, we’re going to keep that good alignment. “If you want to increase this exercise for your core, just place your arms over your head throughout the movement, it’s just going to make it a little bit more tricky. “The most important thing is to just get moving - exercise can be for everyone,” she said. “These three exercises can help you feel confident and in control, and it’s a great way to have an effective workout in a very short space of time.”