Sir Keir Starmer has been the leader of the opposition since April 4, 2020 yet since his net favourability sits at -7, according to the latest YouGov figures. After the same period, 704 days into leadership, former leaders Jeremy Corbyn and Ed Miliband had a favourability score of -1.6 and -21.7 respectively.  The figures have sparked anger among the Labour Party and several MPs have called for him to be replaced. READ MORE: Labour plots to dump ‘dead loss’ Starmer A senior Labour figure said: “Many of us wish we were more ruthless. If it was the Tory party he’d be gone by now.” Another shadow cabinet source said it was frustrating that Sir Keir went “missing in action” while the Government was engulfed in a cost of living crisis. Latest odds from bet365 place Mayor of Manchester Andy Burnham as the favourite with odds of 9/2. The former MP was also once Heath Secretary under Gordon Brown and has already thrown his hat in the ring in previous leadership contests. Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting is the next favourite with odds of 5/1. He has risen through the ranks of the Labour Party and has frequently been seen as a strong Labour leadership contender. Meanwhile, Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves and Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government Lisa Nandy both have odds of 6/1. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss best candidate to beat Labour [INSIGHT]'Labour out to lunch': Starmer missing as Brown "official opposition' [VIDEO]GB News guest in furious take down of Labour leader [LATEST] Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner currently ranks fifth in the running with odds of 7/1. Ms Rayner has been suggested as a potential replacement and latest figures from YouGov show she has 25 percent support, 24 percent dislike and was known by 68 percent of those surveyed Of those surveyed, some 91 percent had heard of Sir Keir but he was disliked by 43 percent and liked by only 22 percent. Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper also has a chance with odds of 10/1. So what do YOU think? Who should be the next Labour Party leader? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.