House prices are continuing to rise above the average rate of growth with the “most affordable markets” seeing the greatest incline in property sale values, according to the latest Zoopla House Price Index. The data revealed that “committed buyers” are pushing ahead with sales despite the challenging cost of living, but where in the UK is the most expensive region to buy a home? Here are the top three places where house prices are rising the fastest. Zoopla’s latest House Price Index has unveiled the UK’s “hottest housing markets” where buyers have seen the greatest rise in prices. While increased sale values have been recorded across the nation, the property portal has concluded that growth has been slowest in areas where prices are “already high”. London remains the most unaffordable market to buy a home in the UK, though several of the “most affordable” regions recorded significant growth up to June - a pattern which could continue throughout the year. READ MORE: Repel mosquitoes with ‘genius’ soap hack - ‘It works!’ According to Zoopla, average home values are rising the fastest in Wales, which is the second most affordable region for buyers in the UK. The property portal recorded a rise of 11.1 percent between March and June 2022, with the annual average now well-above the national rate. Within England, the South West and East Midlands also saw double-digit growth and remain the top two regions with the “fastest gains” in prices. In keeping with growth patterns recorded across northern regions, several towns and cities have also recorded notable price rises. Between March and June, Nottingham recorded annual house price growth of 10.7 percent. This means the Midlands-based city now boasts the “strongest housing market”, closely followed by Leeds, which recorded a 9.3 percent rise in property prices. Outside of the largest cities, homeowners in Wigan, Greater Manchester are coming out on top. Zoopla said: “If you own a home there, you’ll have seen an average rise of 11.8 percent year-on-year. “Meanwhile, homeowners in Mansfield have seen an 11.6 percent rise in their house price and Warrington’s house prices are up 11.2 percent.” In the South West, Bournemouth was ranked as the fastest growing housing market with a rise of more than 10 percent recorded in the area between March and June. On average, property value has risen by 10.2 percent in the coastal spot, marking one of the most notable rises alongside Nottingham’s staggering increase of almost 11 percent. DON'T MISS:House prices at 12-month high across the UK 'surprising momentum' [LATEST]Housing price forecast 2022: What to expect over the next six months [ANALYSIS]Family forced to live in hotel because of second home owners [INSIGHT] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to Zoopla, the top 10 cities where house prices are growing fastest are: House prices increased by 3.6 percent in the first six months of 2022, according to Zoopla data, though this figure is likely to increase by the end of the year. The property portal predicted that this will reach five percent by December 2022 thanks to continued demand from eager buyers. Iain McKenzie, CEO of The Guild of Property Professionals, said: “While house prices continue to defy gravity, the monthly growth figures are starting to level out. “Over the past month the number of buyer enquiries has started to subside, and we are seeing a more balanced sales market that could mean we will see house price growth cool. "When people become hesitant about moving, or their budgets are squeezed too tight and are unable to afford the right home, we could see transactions begin to fall.” Zoopla has suggested that a decrease in demand is highly likely to happen in the next few months, particularly in rural or coastal areas, though only time will tell how the national market fares as the cost of living continue to stretch household budgets.