Liverpool defender Andy Robertson has made a worrying claim following his side's 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on Monday evening. The Reds went behind first for the seventh Premier League game in a row as Jadon Sancho gave the Red Devils the lead, before Marcus Rashford doubled that advantage and Mohamed Salah got a consolation for Jurgen Klopp's side. The Scottish defender admitted the squad are unsure as to why they keep conceding first. "Not the start to the season we wanted," Robertson told Sky Sports. "We give every team a goal start. You can't keep giving yourself an uphill battle, we started slowly again and we can't keep going behind. In the warm-up, it was the quietest I've ever heard this stadium. They needed something to lift them. "We looked to try and make them a bit nervous late on but they saw them game out well. Two points from nine isn't what we wanted and we need to pick up our individual performances very quickly." When asked if they knew the problem behind the slow starts, Robertson made a concerning admission. "No, but we need to very quickly," he replied. "We need to come together and address it as a team. We can't keep conceding goals. We have to be a team that puts pressure on the other team, not the other way around. It needs to change. I thought we needed to pull our fingers out, very quickly. We started the second half slowly again. JUST IN: Tottenham target Nicolo Zaniolo leaves pitch on a cart after worrying injury in Roma clash "We're frustrated because we want to win games and right now, it's not happening. But it's important we stick together. Things need to be said but we're a team. This league is unforgiving so we need to start getting results quickly. If we do, I'm sure we'll look back on this and say that it's what kick-started our season." Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher claimed that his former side "weren't ready" for the game. "They were outstanding," Carragher admitted. "You could feel it in the first 30 seconds Bruno Fernandes sprints at Alisson you felt it was that kind of game. The disappointment for me was that Liverpool weren’t ready for the game and for me that’s unforgivable. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have four stars to thank after accomplishing rare featLeeds hero Danny Mills has Brenden Aaronson doubt despite superb startMbappe and Messi bury the hatchet to combine for eight-second goal  "I love this team and what they’ve done over the last five years and you can’t throw that at them but it’s happened too often this season, it’s happened twice where they don’t look ready for a game. "That’s something that will be worrying Jurgen Klopp. Tonight was different game where they had 70 per cent of the ball and United done that to Liverpool tonight where they’ve looked intense. The intensity was night and day compared to Liverpool." The result ensured that Liverpool were leapfrogged by United and Klopp's side currently sit 16th in the Premier League table, without a win in their opening three games.