Pep Guardiola is looking to add an established senior left-back to his Manchester City squad and is considering many names from across Europe, including Kieran Tierney from Premier League rivals Arsenal, according to reports.  The Telegraph report that City have a five-man wishlist that includes Rayan Ait Nouri, Sergio Gomez, Renan Lodi, Borna Sosa along with Tierney. City have already sold Ukrainian left-back Oleksandr Zinchenko to Arsenal, and Guardiola may turn back to the Gunners to sign Tierney. The Scottish international came off the bench in Arsenal’s opening game against Crystal Palace last Friday night, replacing the former Manchester City man Zinchenko in the 83rd minute leaving his future in question as Mikel Arteta may choose to use Zinchenko as his first-choice left-back, and Tierney as the rotation option. The 25-year-old has been a regular for Arsenal under Arteta since joining in 2019, and despite some injury problems throughout his time with the Gunners, the Scotsman had been a huge part of the team that just missed out on their pursuit of Champions League football last season, featuring 22 times in the Premier League.   Three seasons without Champions League football at Arsenal may be enough to turn the defender's head towards Manchester if he wants to take his career to the next level. City have all but confirmed the signing of Spanish under-21 international Gomez from Anderlecht, but he is expected to be loaned out this season, with Guardiola clearly saying in his press conference earlier on in the window that there are some “surprises we can do” which suggests the search for a left back won’t stop at Sergio Gomez. The City boss is reportedly an admirer of Atletico Madrid’s Lodi as an option, however, a deal might be more difficult to achieve given that he still has three years left on his contract and has a huge £120 million release clause. Lodi would be a fantastic option for City, being only 24, a La Liga title winner and regular in the Champions League.   The Citizens could turn to more surprising targets in Wolves’ Ait Nouri and Stuttgart's Sosa as cheaper alternatives to Tierney and Lodi. Despite his mistake against Leeds last Saturday, Ait Nouri has vastly impressed since joining Wolves from Angers two years ago and could be someone who Guardiola can grow and develop. Similarly, Sosa has shown himself to be one of Europe's most promising full-backs after two superb seasons for Stuttgart in the Bundesliga. He could prove to the “surprise” Guardiola was talking about, and he could make a real impact in Manchester. 