Queen Elizabeth II, 96, marked her 70th year on the throne earlier this year as the first British monarch to hold Platinum Jubilee celebrations. During the Firm's festivities, Her Majesty released a short video alongside Michael Bond's fictional Peruvian bear Paddington. The clip, which has been viewed over five million times on the Royal Family's YouTube channel, shows the Queen sharing a cup of tea with the marmalade-loving, duffel coat-wearing bear. Looking back at the iconic Jubilee moment, the Royal Family's Twitter account captioned yesterday's post: "Ma’amalade sandwich Your Majesty? "Exactly 70 days ago today, The Queen and Paddington Bear got the Platinum Party at the Palace rocking." However, fans of the Royal Family took to the comment section to share their thoughts on the moment. JUST IN: Prince Harry memoir to be ‘most devastating royal release’ since Diana book One user, operating under the handle @karenhankey, wrote: "This was so magical and will stay in our hearts forever." Another user, named @sherry60504887, said: "I believe this is my favourite photo of HMTQ." @peacebird9 added: "The Paddington Bear skit was so sweet, funny, and utterly delightful! "Simply LOVED seeing the expressions of the Royal Family in the stands as it aired! Bravo to HMTQ!" READ MORE: ‘The Sussexes are unpredictable’ Harry tipped to reveal 'royal racist' But @chell64989324 even suggested the Queen should be nominated for a BAFTA for her performance. She said: "Brilliant my favourite part of the Jubilee and I hope it does win a BAFTA." The post was uploaded just hours after Royal Fans were left agonising over what their favourite moment was from the Platinum Jubilee. Celebrations lasted for a jam-packed four days and included the Trooping the Colour, the lighting of the Jubilee beacon and even the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's. DON'T MISS:‘Hash it out behind the scenes’ Queen hopes to resolve Sussex row [NEWS]Voters think Trump would be better for UK than Duchess in White House [REVEAL]'All for nothing!' Harry and Meghan warned lawsuits 'bring more harm' [SPOTLIGHT]