Rod Stewart paid a touching tribute to Olivia Newton-John following her death on Monday aged 73. The Grease icon had battled breast cancer on-and-off for over 30 years and was diagnosed for a third time in 2017. Following the shocking news of her passing, many famous faces have taken to social media to honour Olivia’s memory.Rod Stewart was among the first to pay tribute and he confessed that she had been an “inspiration” to him.He shared an iconic photograph of Olivia as Sandy in Grease and penned: “My great friend Olivia Newton John has passed away. She was the perfect lady, gorgeous, with great poise and with a certain Aussie sophistication.“Her spandex trousers in Grease were my inspiration for my ‘Do ya think I’m Sexy‘ era. RIP Olivia.” READ MORE:Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance Olivia’s fellow Australian’s also took to Instagram, including Kylie Minogue and Nicole Kidman.Kylie wrote: “Since I was 10 years old, I have loved and looked up to Olivia Newton-John. And, I always will. She was, and always will be, an inspiration to me in so many, many ways.”Nicole shared a snap of herself, Olivia and husband Keith Urban with the caption: “Livvie brought the most divine light into the world… so much love, joy, inspiration and kindness... and we will always be hopelessly devoted to you - Keith and Nic.”Piers Morgan echoed: “So sad to hear the fabulously gutsy, warm & talented Olivia Newton-John has died. “At an auction of her Grease memorabilia in LA three years ago, she told me her favourite song from the movie was Hopelessly Devoted To You. Great song, great film, great lady. RIP.”Brian May shared a throwback snap of the pair from 1975 and wrote that he was “shocked and sad” to hear the news of her death.The Queen star said: “I didn’t realise she was suffering so much. Seeing her at the Sydney Fire Fight concert just before the pandemic broke out, she was full of energy and brightness - nobody would have known.  “I remember her as the sweetest, most un-starry star ever. Completely unaffected by her beauty, her talent, her world-wide fame - just a girl who enjoyed doing great stuff. Damn. RIP dear Olivia Newton-John.” DON'T MISSJohn Travolta pens tribute to 'dearest' Olivia Newton-John amid death[LATEST]Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games[NEWS]Jeremy Clarkson plans last resort to save farm amid sad loss[INSIGHT] Olivia’s good friend Jane Seymour also shared her heartbreak, writing: “I’m devastated to hear that my dear friend Olivia has passed.⁣⁣⁣⁣“She was always a great friend and confidant to me. Olivia inspired everyone with her positive attitude to life and unfailing desire to help others.⁣⁣⁣⁣“I had the privilege of meeting her whilst living with her sister Rona when I first moved to the US. We became fast and lifelong friends.  “She was not only a brilliant musician, actress, and singer but a wonderful mother, wife, and sister. ⁣⁣The world has lost one of its brightest lights.⁣⁣” Olivia is survived by her husband John Easterling and her daughter Chloe.After she was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992, Olivia became a leading advocate for cancer research and her charity, the Olivia Newton-John Foundation, has raised millions for the cause.Her work was even recognised by the Queen who honoured her with a damehood in the 2020 New Year’s Honours list.