Manchester United could be set to make their seventh signing of the summer after Martin Dubravka joins, with reports linking Erik ten Hag's side with a move for Barcelona right-back Sergino Dest. The American played under the Red Devils boss at Ajax and United may swoop for him with Aaron Wan-Bissaka potentially departing Old Trafford this summer. Sky Sports claim that United are exploring the possibility of signing the 21-year-old late in the transfer window, and if they are able to complete a deal then it would open the door for Wan-Bissaka to leave after falling down the pecking order at the club. West Ham and Crystal Palace are reportedly interested in the 24-year-old. Ten Hag has already brought Casemiro, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia to Old Trafford this summer and have also agreed a deal with Ajax to sign winger Antony in an £84million deal, while they are also hoping to provide competition to David De Gea by signing Newcastle goalkeeper Dubravka before the transfer window closes on Thursday. The shot-stopper is having a medical to join the club. Wan-Bissaka has played just four minutes of Premier League football this season as Ten Hag has preferred Diogo Dalot at right-back, and the defender that United paid £50m to sign in 2019 could yet return to Selhurst Park this summer.  Barcelona are looking to raise funds this summer after completing the signings of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen, and Dest could be one of the players that makes way after struggling for gametime under Xavi. When asked about the future of Dest, having not featured for the Catalan club in La Liga this season, Xavi offered a blunt six-word reply. "He knows what the situation is," the Barcelona boss said. DON'T MISS...Man Utd tipped to make another signing out of the blue after AntonyMan United may help Birmingham pull off next Bellingham projectMan Utd perform U-turn on signing second midfielder after Casemiro Barcelona signed Dest from Ajax in 2020 under former boss Ronaldo Koeman, but the full-back has struggled to make an impact under Xavi. The US international was handed his professional debut by Ten Hag in 2019 and impressed enough for the Spanish side to spend £20m to sign the defender. Ten Hag has claimed his side are still active in the transfer market with just a few days remaining. "If a good player is available we will strike," the United boss said after the 1-0 win away to Southampton. "We will be alert until the last second of the window." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt