Water companies are allowed to increase their rates in line with inflation but there are ways that people can reduce their costs. Households could reduce their costs by £800 a year by fixing their faulty appliances and upgrading their tech, according to research by Tap Warehouse. Fixing a dripping tap could save £300 on a water bill, as a trickle from a tap can use over 450 litres a day. This adds up to 175,000 litres of wasted water over a year. Hot water dripping straight down the drain will also add to a household’s gas bills to heat the water. A simple tap washer change can fix this. A leaky toilet can also get through a huge amount of water. A leaky cistern can get through 400 litres a day, enough to fill five baths, wasting £300 on bills. This could mean wasting £300 on bills. Some toilets can leak 8,000 litres a day, adding up to £6,000 a year. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rates across savings products up to 3.4% - 'Get the best deal!' One key sign of a leaky toilet is if there is a flow of water at the back of the toilet pan when it hasn’t been flushed. Another way to find out is to put a few drops of food colouring in the cistern and then wait 10 minutes to see if it spreads to the bowl, which would indicate a leak. It’s important to flush away the colouring after 10 minutes to make sure it doesn’t stain the loo. Taking a shower rather than having a bath may seem an obvious way to reduce costs but an ineffective showerhead can waste a lot of water.  Showers that take hot water directly from a boiler or water tank, instead of an electric shower, can waste a lot of gas and water bills. An efficient showerhead can save a family of four £40 off their gas bills and around £55 off their water bills a year. Doing the washing-up could also be wasting a lot of water and gas. After 10 minutes of doing the dishes, a person may have wasted enough water to fill a bath. Using a washing up bowl only uses 10 litres, as it’s smaller than the sink. This could save a household £25 a year. READ MORE: Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000 When making a cold drink, it may seem convenient to run the tap for a few seconds to make sure the water is cool. But this can waste one litre of water each time, adding up to eight litres a day. For the average home, this adds up to 11,680 litres a year, or £17. Installing a water meter can also rack up some big savings, particularly for those who live alone or in a small household. Having a meter means a household is charged based on their exact usage rather than the rateable value of the home. The average property without a meter could save £71 if they had one installed. Some companies provide the option to switch back within 12 months of installation in case a person changes their mind. Experts at The Bathroom Showroom have also shared some tips to slash water bills. Taking a four-minute shower every day rather than the average eight minutes can bring in savings of £100 over a year. The money-saving experts also suggested getting a water displacement device to reduce water use in the toilet.