Today, on Monday, August 8, 2022, Elvis hits home rentals. This means fans of Elvis Presley can relive Baz Luhrmann's interpretation of the iconic singer anytime they want. For Priscilla Presley, however, it was something more than that. She witnessed her actual life being portrayed on the big screen for the first time. Looking back on watching her ex-husband come to life on the silver screen, she admitted it was hard to take in. Priscilla opened up about watching the film for the first time on her Facebook shortly before release. She confessed watching Elvis' journey on the big screen was "very emotional". She continued by praising Elvis star Austin Butler: "My daughter [Lisa Marie Presley] felt the same way. Only because he got Elvis to a T - I mean to a T. It is unbelievable what this kid did, Austin Butler." Priscilla went on to gush about Butler further, noting that it was "shocking" to watch him play the star. She went on to describe being left confused by his performance. "Even some of the songs," she went on. "Jerry Schilling [Elvis' talent manager] sat next to me, we had a private screening, and I said: ‘Is that Elvis or is that Austin?’" After being told that it was Butler on the big screen, Presley replied: "Are you sure?!" READ MORE: Elvis Presley's Hollywood years left Priscilla 'staying away' "About a minute later," Presley said. "He goes: ‘That’s Austin.’ That’s how amazing he is." She also praised the star for putting his "heart and soul and many hours into the film". Lisa Marie Presley - Elvis' only child - was also very happy with how Elvis came out. She wrote on her Instagram: "I want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie 'Elvis' twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite." DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley's Hollywood years left Priscilla 'staying away' [NEWS]Ann-Margret's 'devastating' fall and facial surgery [INSIGHT]Elvis movie: Lisa Marie Presley’s tears of joy – 'Finally respectful' [INFO] Lisa Marie said of Butler: "[He] channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.)" She added that she was left extremely emotional by the entire ordeal. "What moved me to tears as well was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards," she said. "All 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced." Lisa Marie went on to share: "I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. "Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP." Elvis is available to rent now.