Erik ten Hag says he "does not know" whether Manchester United will make any more signings this week but he believes it's clear the club need more recruits before the September 1 deadline. The Manchester United boss is looking to build on Monday's impressive 2-1 victory over Liverpool at Old Trafford when the Red Devils visit Southampton in the Premier League this weekend. Yet while there is plenty of focus on the field, there is still a clear desire for United to add more quality to their squad while they have the opportunity to do so. The club are believed to be targeting at least three more additions including a forward with Ajax star Antony top of their shortlist. Ten Hag is eager to manage expectations but he has declared he wants to welcome more new signings - providing they are the right fit for his side. "I don't know [whether United will sign anyone] but we need players clearly but we need the right players," he said. READ MORE: Jorge Mendes 'trying to broker' Victor Osimhen swap deal for Man Utd and Cristiano Ronaldo "That is what we said the whole transfer window. We are happy with what we did until now. The barrier has to be high." There could also be further outgoings with Jorge Mendes still working on finding a solution for Cristiano Ronaldo, who wants to play Champions League football. Crystal Palace also retain an interest in signing former player Aaron Wan-Bissaka, signed by United for £50million in the summer of 2019. When quizzed on the futures of Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe and Brandon Williams, Ten Hag indicated he expects the fringe trio to remain at the club due to their various injury problems. READ MOREMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone callJorge Mendes 'trying to broker' Victor Osimhen swap deal for Man Utd and Cristiano RonaldoAjax set price for Man Utd to conclude Antony transfer deal despite Erik ten Hag annoyance He added: "It can be [that more players leave]. We are talking about players in this moment that are not available, so I don't think they will go out in this window." United have unfortunately picked up another injury after Anthony Martial picked up an Achilles problem against Liverpool. "He came out with a problem on his Achilles, out of the game, so we have to wait," Ten Hag said. "I cannot tell a prognosis, how long it takes. Of course, I hope he will be available for the next game." The blow could provide an extra incentive for United to push ahead with a second bid for Antony, something that is believed to be imminent. Ajax rejected United's opening offer worth in the region of £67m for the Brazilian, who is now angling for the move. Links with former player Memphis Depay also appear to have substance as he prepares to leave Barcelona after just one season in Catalonia. Should Depay agree to a move elsewhere, Barcelona would be willing to free him from his current contract at Camp Nou. PSV Eindhoven's Cody Gakpo is another name that remains of interest to United and he would be available for a fee worth in the region of £35m.