Fate: The Winx Saga is coming back to Netflix this year with a second outing set in the Otherworld. Fairies old and new will be put through their paces as monsters continue to threaten their existence. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV show's release date, cast and more. At the end of July 2022, Netflix announced the series would make a comeback on September 16. The second season's episodes will all be dropping at the same time. This means fans in the US can watch from midnight, with those in the UK having access from 8am. In a date announcement video, Bloom Peters actress Abigail Cowen said: "Season two, I feel like it's just a whirlwind of emotion and adventure." Viewers are then treated to a reel of behind-the-scenes footage from the filming experience. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter Most of the main cast will be returning for the second season, and there are some new additions. Hannah van der Westhuysen is back as Stella, with Precious Mustapha as Aisha and Eliot Salt as Terra Harvey. Elisha Applebaum is back as Musa, with Danny Griffin as Sky, Sadie Soverall as Beatrix and Freddie Thorp as Riven. Eva Birthistle plays Vanessa Peters, Bloom's adoptive mother, and Robert James-Collier is Saul Silva. Two of the characters have been recast in the series, with Miranda Richardson and Daniel Betts replacing Lesley Sharp and Alex Macqueen as Rosalind and Professor Ben Harvey. As for the new cast, Paulina Chávez, Brandon Grace and Éanna Hardwicke all join the gang. They will play Flora, Grey and Sebastian respectively. Opening up about her character, Paulina said: "I'm excited for fans to see her magic." On his role, Brandon said: "Joining this season has been amazing." Introducing his character, Éanna said: "Sebastian is someone we meet in Blackbridge, the local village outside of Alfea." DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast guest told ‘put it away’ after wardrobe mishap [VIDEO] How many episodes are in Shetland season 7? [INSIGHT] Amy Mitchell EastEnders: Why has Amy been recast? [EXPLAINER] Bloom actress Cowen teased: "We have new villains, we have new additions to the school. "We have Flora, who is Terra's cousin." Terra actress Eliot Salt teased "new monsters and threats". The star continued: "We have got the Blood Witches coming in, we have got the Scrapers. People are being possessed." Viewers can expect some epic fights, steamy romances, impressive stunts and more. At the end of the first season, viewers were heartbroken when Farah Dowling (Eve Best) was seemingly killed by Rosalind (Lesley Sharp). The former headmistress had weaselled her way back in to take over Alfea once more. Viewers can expect to see the fairies handle a new form of leadership with Farah gone. Season two will also introduce the Blood Witches, humans who draw on sacrifice and death to perform magic. Meanwhile, Scrapers are the smallest unit of the Army of Darkness.  Fate: The Winx Saga season 2 airs on Netflix on September 16