Ian Wright believes Liverpool players will be pushing for Jurgen Klopp to hand Darwin Nunez his full debut. Summer signing Nunez grabbed a goal and an assist when he came off the bench in the 2-2 draw with Fulham in the Reds' opening Premier League game of the season. The Uruguay international also scored in the Community Shield win over Manchester City a week earlier, again as a substitute. Nunez will become a club-record signing for Liverpool once add-ons take the deal up to £85million. Klopp saw rival Manchester City, Chelsea and Tottenham all win on the opening day. Crystal Palace visit Anfield in Liverpool's next match this weekend. Arsenal legend Wright would like to see Nunez get a start, and reckons his team-mates will want that too. "The way that Liverpool play, he’s going to get chances, and I’d like to see him start,” Wright told Premier League Productions. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye Rabiot partner, De Jong's Boehly chat, Spurs bid  “I’d like to see him in there and starting so I can see him for the whole 90 and how he moves and what they’re going to do to get the ball into him because once they see what they’re doing, just like with [Erling] Haaland, they are just going to keep feeding it into him because he looks like someone who really does attack the box well. “I’m starting to feel like I want him to start now, especially if I’m one of the lads, you want him to start now.” Roberto Firmino was given the nod by Klopp for the trip to Craven Cottage. However, the Brazilian was replaced by Nunez before the hour mark in west London. Klopp explained why he chose to start with Firmino over Nunez. DON'T MISSChelsea may now regret rejecting Bayern bid as Tuchel begs for transfersChelsea 'keen on third Barcelona star' after De Jong and AubameyangFerdinand has two-player Arsenal concern and responds to Saliba comparison  He said: "Darwin needs time to settle and we need to mix it up a bit. Bobby [Roberto Firmino] is a baller. The other two boys have speed. It's about mixing it up - we thought it would be better to start with Bobby today." But Klopp was full of praise for the 23-year-old after the match and claimed he will be even better once the players around him hit top form. He said: "Great goal, could have scored another one as well. Maybe two, crazy. "So he is involved in a lot of goalscoring situations. That's really cool and that's why we have to bring him up. Now imagine we play good - how often we could set him up then!" 