Unfortunately, Married At First Sight Australia couple Cody Bromley and Selina Chhaur’s romance ended up in a shocking split. Cody recently confirmed to fans of the E4 series it “wasn’t my decision” to lose contact with his wife but respects how Selina wants to move on. The pair married in the ninth series of MAFS Australia and decided to remain together when the show came to an end. They were just one of three couples who decided to remain together, although they’ve now separated. Speaking in a Q&A on his Instagram, Cody explained he was no longer in contact with Selina. The personal trainer added it wasn’t his decision and would have liked to have stayed friends. READ MORE: Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview He explained: “Nah man, Selina's way of dealing with the breakup is to just cut all ties and that's her way of moving on. “But, it's a damn shame after the experience we went through. “It would have been great to have touched base, laugh about the memories but - not my decision!” Cody went on to add he is considering moving on with a return to dating. “If you'd asked me this a month ago, it was a solid no,” he shared. “But now the circus of the show is finally easing up and we have a taste of normality, I'm considering it. “I think I'm emotionally recovered after all that bloody trauma.” His ex-wife Selina has previously responded to rumours she moved with Al Perkins, who was married to Samantha Moitzi on the same series. DON'T MISS...Married At First Sight UK expert warns of 'evident' couple-swapping [WARNING]Married At First Sight UK's new task 'gets people's backs up' [INSIGHT]Olivia and Jackson: Are MAFS Australia's Olivia and Jackson together? [LATEST] She put rumours to rest, insisting: “I love Al. I'll always have so much love for him, but we're just friends.” Selina added to Daily Mail Australia her split with Cody “was really hard initially”. “I'm feeling a lot better now. I'm so humbled and grateful for the support,” she commented. “Everyone's just been so kind and so supportive during a time that was really hard for me, but I've come out of the darkness out the other side. “I have nothing but gratitude towards the experiment.” While things may not have worked out for Selina and Cody, UK fans are now turning their attention to a new group of couples. The seventh UK series is now underway and fans are hoping for another success story like Adam Aveling and his wife Tayah, who are now expecting their first child together. Married at First Sight UK airs Monday-Thursday on E4 at 9pm.