Antony’s agents are in contact with Edwin van der Sar and Susan Lenderink as they look to secure the 22-year-old a late move to Manchester United, according to reports. The Red Devils have had a huge £76m bid for the forward turned down by their Eredivisie counterparts. However, negotiations remain ongoing as they look to make the Brazil international their fifth recruit of the transfer window. Manchester United want a new forward before Thursday’s deadline, with Erik ten Hag keen to bolster his squad regardless of what happens with the future of Cristiano Ronaldo. And Antony seems to be his top target, with the Brazil international scoring eight goals and clocking up four assists under Ten Hag in the Eredivisie last term. The Samba star is doing everything possible to secure a move to United, having refused to play or train in the hope his club will eventually cave. And 90min claim Antony’s agents are in touch with both Van der Sar and Lenderink as they aim to push through a move. Regarding Van der Sar, the representatives of Antony are hoping he’ll be able to push other board members into sanctioning a deal. The retired goalkeeper, who spent six glittering years at Old Trafford during his own playing days, reportedly made a ‘similar intervention’ when it came to Lisandro Martinez’s transfer to United earlier in the window. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers And financial director Lenderink will also have to give the green light in order for Antony to leave the Johan Cruijff Arena behind. The report says Ronaldo could return to Sporting Lisbon this week, even though United have quashed talk of the 37-year-old leaving as the clock ticks down. Antony isn’t the only forward on their radar as they ponder their options, however. It’s said United are ‘keeping tabs’ on PSV Eindhoven winger Cody Gakpo, who registered 12 assists and netted as many goals in the Dutch league last term. And Memphis Depay is another option as well. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him  The Netherlands international previously joined United back in the summer transfer window of 2015, when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost. Hopes were high he’d be the heir to Ronaldo’s throne, with the 28-year-old even given the club’s famous No 7 jersey. But Depay never made the grade at United and, after 18 months of inconsistency, was offloaded to Lyon by Jose Mourinho back in January 2017. Should Antony’s move to United go through, he’ll become the fourth player to leave Ajax for the Red Devils over the past decade. Daley Blind was the first, with the versatile star moving to Old Trafford shortly after impressing for the Netherlands at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Donny van de Beek then followed in 2020, though has made just four Premier League starts for the club in the two years since. And Martinez joined United this summer after Ten Hag let the hierarchy know the Argentina international was a priority target. Meanwhile, regarding Antony, the 22-year-old told Fabrizio Romano earlier this week that he was determined to leave Ajax after receiving a ‘great offer’. “Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face new challenge and that some interested clubs would arrive and with them, certainly a great offer,” said the forward. “During the window months, meetings continued and I also received a proposal from Ajax for contract renewal. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I made it clear once again: I want to leave. “I was very happy in Amsterdam, I won titles at Ajax, made friends and built part of my career, but now I reinforce that I am ready and full of motivation to follow my story and my dreams. “People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. “I need this to continue performing at a high level. Ajax will always be in my heart.” United are next in action against Leicester on Thursday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here