Arsenal signing Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko proves Mikel Arteta can lead the club to Premier League glory. The former Tottenham striker is confident Arteta is the right manager to lead the club forward. Arsenal have won their first three matches of the campaign and sit top of the table. It points to a marked improvement from Arteta's side, who lost the first three games of last season. Jesus and Zinchenko have had a big impact on the team since their arrivals from back-to-back defending champions Manchester City. Bent does not think the title is a realistic aim for Arsenal this season. However, he can see Arteta leading the club to that glory in his tenure, as long as the transfer strategy remains as successful. Asked if he thinks Arteta can win the title, Bent said on talkSPORT: "I do yeah, 100 per cent. If the recruitment's right. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £8m offer, Chelsea trigger clause, Klopp hint  "Look what he's done just in this window with the two players that have made an impact. I know he's made a few more like Vieira and Marquinhos, I understand that. "But with Zinchenko and Jesus, look at the difference that's made. Absolutely massive, what that's done. "I think he's done a good job. I know a lot of Arsenal fans are split. There are still some now that say if Arsenal want to return to the glory days, he's not the right man to do it. But I believe he is." Arsenal will be aiming to continue their 100 per cent start to the season when they host Fulham on Saturday. They then face the visit of Aston Villa before travelling to Manchester United. DON'T MISSChelsea holding 'high-level meetings' as to secure final transfersWolves boss' telling three-word comment as Arsenal plot Neto transferMan Utd urged to sign new Van Nistelrooy to replace Ronaldo  Speaking at his pre-match press conference on Friday, Arteta outlined the improvement his team have made and how confident they are currently feeling. He said: "The players that we have available now, and the players that we had available at that time. "We are in a different moment, a year has gone by. The same players that were playing a year ago, I can show some examples - especially with our development players - and where they are today is a completely different scenario. "We’ve got good momentum, good energy around the place, and good confidence, so let’s keep going. The mood is really good, and the energy is really good. "The boys have trained exceptionally well this week again, and we just have to put in another good performance and earn the right to win."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here