Thomas Tuchel has called out Conor Gallagher after the Chelsea midfielder was sent off in his side's 2-1 win over Leicester on Saturday. The Blues boss insisted Gallagher made a "huge mistake" in recklessly picking up a second yellow card with just 28 minutes on the clock to leave Tuchel's side at a "disadvantage". Having been shown his first yellow with just 22 minutes played at Stamford Bridge, the Chelsea midfielder received his marching orders a mere six minutes later. As Harvey Barnes led a Foxes' counter from a Blues corner, Gallagher cynically scythed the winger down to deny the promising Leicester attack. The dismissal - Chelsea's second in two games following Kalidou Koulibaly's red in last weekend's humiliating 3-0 defeat to Leeds - saw the odds subsequently stacked against the hosts. However, a second-half brace from Raheem Sterling put Tuchel's side in a commanding position and ensured Barnes' response was a mere consolation. Following the result, Tuchel, who watched the match from the hospitality area as he served a ban following his fracas with Antonio Conte in his side's recent 2-2 draw with Tottenham, lambasted Gallagher for his decision-making. He said: "I think we were in total control, had big chance, more than a chance with Ruben [Loftus-Cheek], had the penalty and marginal offside but it looked like not offside on our mobile devices. Suddenly, you're one man down with Conor. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo gives BT Sport presenter Jamie Carragher treatment "We were sloppy on the set-pieces and concede on the counter-attack. It was a bad decision from Conor and it gives you a disadvantage. He is responsible for what he did and of course he knows it was a huge mistake." With N'Golo Kante currently sidelined through injury and Mateo Kovacic only fit enough to appear from the bench following a recent setback himself, Gallagher was entrusted by Tuchel to start in the centre of the park for a second successive week. However, the 23-year-old's rash red card is set to only add to the uncertainty currently surrounding his future. DON'T MISS...Chelsea facing 'uphill battle' to get £102m transfer over the linePierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Chelsea 'stalling' due to one issueChelsea fired Anthony Gordon warning by Frank Lampard after Fofana The England star, who thrived on loan with Crystal Palace last season, is the subject of interest from a number of Premier League suitors. The Eagles are said to remain keen on striking a second loan deal for the midfielder, while West Ham, Everton and Newcastle have also been credited with showing interest. Gallagher is thought to be open to the idea of heading out on a fifth loan of his career this season, amid continued uncertainty over whether he will be guaranteed game-time by Tuchel. The midfielder is understood to be eager to play regularly in the Premier League in order to aid his chances of being selected within Gareth Southgate's England squad for the upcoming World Cup in Qatar.