The property was located in Sutton-in-Ashfield and from the outside, looked like a modern townhouse. Dion Dublin said: “It is a mid-terrace, townhouse, four beds at a guide price of £150,000. The hallway is nice and bright, as you come in you’ve got a downstairs toilet, I love a downstairs toilet. Off the hall you’ve got the kitchen.” The kitchen had missing cupboards and needed a lick of paint to freshen the property up. The living room, which was situated to the rear of the property, just needed a lick of paint. It already had central heating and glazed windows, meaning it was all cosmetic work needing to be done. Dion said the home just “kept giving” when he stepped out into the garden. The garden had a great sized garden as well as a garage at the back. READ MORE: Five ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances Upstairs to the first floor, there were three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Dion said: “Everywhere needs to be decorated and everywhere needs new flooring as well but there’s nothing at all that is worrying me. “There’s one more floor to go.” On the top floor there was a loft bedroom along with an en-suite. Who purchased the home when it went to auction? DON'T MISS:Three ways to efficiently water your garden during a hosepipe ban [EXPERT]Cleaning expert warns against wooden spoon cleaning hack [COMMENT]How often to water Japanese maples in a heatwave [EXPLAINER] The lucky buyer was property developer and plumber Craig, who purchased the home for £165,000. Dion caught up with him back at the home to find out his plans. Craig was surprised at the condition of the home, saying it just needs new paint and carpet. The homeowner had also planned to put in a new bathroom and kitchen. He had a £5,000 budget with a timescale of six weeks to get the work “done and dusted”. READ MORE: Mary Berry’s quiet life in desirable Oxfordshire town Homes Under the Hammer revisited when the work was complete to see the renovation. A new grey kitchen had been fitted with while tiles and a grey herringbone ran throughout the downstairs. The house had also benefited from a lick of white paint. Craig said the work was a “basic refurbishment”. By painting all the rooms white, the house looked so much brighter and airier. A new bathroom suite had been fitted, fitting with the neutral colour palette. Craig did end up falling behind his schedule due to other commitments and so the work ended up taking eight weeks. He also only went slightly over his budget, spending £5,600 overall. A local estate agent visited the property to see how much it could now be worth. The expert said: “It’s really crisp, it’s really fresh, it’s very modern. “The kitchen’s had a really super spruce up. “On the sales market, I would expect this property to fetch somewhere in the region of £210,000.” This means with the renovation, Craig has managed to boost the value of the home by a staggering £45,000. The homeowner wasn’t too sure on his future plans with the property at the time of filming.