Dan Walker has taken to Twitter to address a mortifying error after he shared a post about new Channel 5 show, Digging for Treasure. The Channel 5 News anchor, 45, hosts the show alongside wildlife presenter Michaela Strachan, but was left red-faced today after he made a typo while celebrating last night's viewing figures. In view of his 771,000 Twitter followers, the former BBC Breakfast host shared his enthusiasm over how the show was received last night - unaware of the typo he made in the show's name. Dan wrote: "Fantastic response to Dogging For Treasure last night and great figures! "Thanks for watching and for the feedback. "We are filming again today - with a little less clapping - and celebrating with a snack of choice. READ MORE: Emma Willis' anguish as husband Matt plunged into drug addiction "See you next Friday at 9 @michaelastracha @Raksha_Digs @dfttc5," he ended the post. In less than an hour Dan had realised his error and took to the platform to address the mortifying mistake. "DIGGING DIGGING DIGGING," Dan quickly wrote while re-tweeting the post. He also shared four face emojis covering their eyes. The star's followers were quick to comment on Dan's error. Twitter user @ru5tic wrote: "Interesting that your predictive text history chose dogging over digging..." alongside a laughing face. @scott_lion commented: "That’s a whole new programme." While @poddiesLoVe penned: "Oh how I love a good typo, always makes my day!" DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire [INSIGHT]Mary Berry, 87, says croquet saved her life after warning from doctor [UPDATE]Jeremy Clarkson blasts Meghan Markle after 'fire' incident [ANALYSIS] @tomrhall76 asked the news presenter: "Doing what for treasure Dan?" As shocked @janemcintyre12 simply wrote: "Pardon?!!" Pointless host Richard Osman cheekily quipped: "Great to see you in a slit trench going at it with both hands on your tool. #DoggingForTreasure." Dan humourously replied: "Stop it. Dogging is already trending. Career low point." The first episode of the new show saw Dan and Michaela helping a team to dig up artifacts from the soil in Allerton, North Yorkshire. Dan presents the show with Michaela and Raksha Dave from four different camps with experts from the British Museum on hand to discuss the significance and history of the artifacts. Digging for Treasure is on Friday at 9pm on Channel 5.