The former star of 80s BBC comedy Hi-De-Hi expressed her wish for the channel to revert back to their "old-style" comedies. The 72-year-old played chalet maid Peggy in the series, which ran from 1980 to 1988. She starred alongside Ruth Madoc, Jeffrey Holland and Paul Shane in the classic sitcom. She commented how people need "silly humour" rather than "political" content at the moment. The iconic actress said: "I would love to see the BBC do old-style comedy again. "For a lot of people, with the current situation, it would be lovely for them to feel they have a show to watch that’s not political…. something that’s just as it is, with silly humour." Explaining why, she remarked that "warm and nice" characters would provide audiences with a "feel-good factor". She also reflected on the popularity of the series. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery Speaking to Daily Star, she added: "The popularity and the affection for Hi-de-Hi doesn’t seem to go. It really was a family show." The sitcom revolved around a group of camp entertainers at the Maplin's holiday camp in 1959. It achieved quick popularity and won a BAFTA for Best Comedy Series in 1984. Viewers to this day still enjoy watching repeats and enjoying the nostalgic comedy. Fans can also watch the show today on the streaming platform Prime Video. Actress and singer Su has enjoyed a career spanning more than 45 years. As well as Hi-De-Hi, she has also starred in You Rang, M'Lord? and Oh, Doctor Beeching! Su appeared in last year's Celebrity MasterChef. DON'T MISS... Fans bemused over strange set change on GB News 'Don't get it' [LATEST]Ellie Simmonds 'petrified' to join Strictly Come Dancing [LATEST]GP opens up about Archie Battersbee case 'Science can't tell us' [VIDEO] She admitted she managed to get away with it due to her co-star Bez causing a slight distraction. "They did ask me once before and I couldn’t for the best reason in the world — I was already working," she explained. "When they asked me this time, I thought, 'Now look, the theatres are shut, perhaps the time is right.' "MasterChef is a gem on its own. It’s fabulous." But she added: "However, the chances of opening my own restaurant are very slim; I couldn’t even find my spoon half the time." She confessed that one dish "blew the judges' heads off." Speaking to Radio Times last year, she continued: "We had to cook something for a guest chef using lots of spices. "But I forgot whether I’d put the spices in. To be safe, I put them all in again but it turned out I had put them in the first time, so the judges’ heads must have blown off! "Although to be honest they were distracted by telling Bez off about his messy work station." The hit series is set to return to BBC soon. Hi-De-Hi is available to watch on Prime Video.