Ashvin Luximon, who played Asif Malik in EastEnders, has died. The star, who appeared on the BBC show between 1999 and 2003, died following an "aneurysm". His family have confirmed the devastating news on a website dedicated to the star. The statement read: "This site is a tribute to Ash, who passed on the July 23, 2022, due to an aneurysm. "Ash’s unexpected passing has hit us all hard, but we want to take the time to remember his larger than life spirit. "He loved and was loved by so many. READ MORE: Emma Willis' anguish as husband Matt plunged into drug addiction It continued: "He sang a mean karaoke tune and had a voice loud enough to hear from space. "He brought laughter and the best cuddles." The family went on: "Please use this space to share thoughts, photos and memories. Please be respectful. "As a family we would like to ask anyone who would have made a floral tribute to instead donate to our chosen charities, the NSPCC (Ash was the ultimate Uncle) and Andy's Man Club ( a charity aimed at helping men talk). "He loved you xxx," the statement ended. Following the tragic news, former EastEnder's actor Danny Hatchard addressed the sad news. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: "All these young people dying… RIP Ashvin." Fans of the hit BBC soap also took to the social media platform to share their sadness at Ashvin's death. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson blasts Meghan Markle after 'fire' incident [INSIGHT]Have your say: What should Tories do about astronomical energy bills? [DEBATE]APITS's Jasmine Harmans reacts as she's told 'not to wear mini dress' [INSTAGRAM]  Twitter user @JohnBook007 wrote: "Aneurysm at 38... very sad that young people are dying like this. Still being ignored." While @littleblonde87 posted: "Such sad news tht asif frm #eastenders actor ashvin luximon has died @ 38… asif is in the old eps airing nw in the afternoons & i mind him frm wen i was young… wot a shame… rip." (sic) Another commented: "So sad to hear this news, watching Ashvin play Asif on Classic right now and he’s part of a great time for the show." Ashvin's character Asif was friend with Martin Fowler. Many of the storylines revolved around the two making mischief together. Asif also had a crush on Janine Butcher, one of his schoolmates, which wasn't returned. In October 2003, Ashvin's character passed his A-Levels and went off to University. The following year Martin attended Asif's stag do when it was revealed that he was engaged and living in Edinburgh.