Benjamin Sesko has rubbed salt into Manchester United’s wounds after he talked up RB Leipzig's ‘success story’ and insisted he wanted to 'be a part of it' after snubbing the Red Devils. The 19-year-old was one of United’s top targets but decided to move to the Bundesliga from the start of next season rather than make the move to the Premier League. Sesko had emerged as an option for the Old Trafford side in recent weeks as Erik ten Hag seeks to improve his attacking options. He had been slowly building a reputation for RB Salzburg, scoring 12 times and contributing a further eight assists in 38 games last season before enjoying a hugely impressive pre-season, including a goal against Liverpool. He has also broken into the Slovenia squad and has already been capped 13 times. His play style has been frequently compared to new Manchester City signing Erling Haaland, who also started his career at Salzburg. However, United have been beaten to the forward’s signature by RB Leipzig as the German side agreed a £20.4million deal. The Bundesliga club has strong links to the Austrian champions as they are both part of the Red Bull group which encourages transfers between their teams. He will spend another year at Salzburg before making the move on July 1st 2023. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Now, Sesko has spoken for the first time since joining the club, describing the Saxony club as one of the best in Europe. “I am very happy to be able to move to RB Leipzig in 2023 and that the transfer is now confirmed,” the Slovenian told the Leipzig club website. “RB Leipzig is one of the best clubs in Germany and is establishing itself as one of the best in Europe year after year.” “A success story has been written here in a few years and I want to be part of it in the future. The club's philosophy of trusting young players and playing attractive, attacking football suits me perfectly. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join “The city, the stadium and the whole infrastructure of RB Leipzig, as well as the many good discussions with the club, have convinced me that this decision is absolutely the right decision. My focus now is on the season with Salzburg, which I want to use to continue to develop and be as successful as possible.” United are still keen to bring in more attacking reinforcements before the window slams shut on September 1st but they have been forced to consider alternatives to Sesko following the deal. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.