With many homeowners looking to sell their homes in September once the summer holidays are over, now is the prime time to make simple changes to a home to potentially increase its value. To help homeowners maximise the value of their property, the team at Your Overseas Home have shared several “clever ways” to improve “any” house on a budget. The experts said bathrooms and kitchens are often what “makes or breaks a property” because they are already in place and are harder and more expensive to update. To make a bathroom and kitchen look better, the experts suggested simply giving taps and handles a clean with some stainless-steel cleaner. Stainless steel cleaner can also be used to clean shower heads and other areas of the home like cooker hoods. Descaling areas of bathrooms and kitchens is also a great way to add a touch of sparkle without spending a lot of money. READ MORE: Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items The experts said: “Descaling tablets are cheap as chips and work wonders in minutes.” The property experts said scratches and filler can be touched up with a stain-filled touch-up marker. For deeper marks, they suggested investing in some polyester filler before adding a fresh coat of paint. Restore exterior woodwork like fences, gates, and window and door frames to their original brilliance by touching up unsightly blemishes with a fresh lick of paint.  DON'T MISSFour ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ and ‘natural’ ways to deter pigeons from your garden [UPDATE]How to ‘ward off’ spiders using fruits this September [ANALYSIS] This is a “cheap and easy” way to make a huge difference to a property and improve a home’s curb appeal to potential buyers. Many modern homes now have key wall sockets with USB ports in them which can make a home look tidier. It’s the perfect way to charge tech without the mess of cables and extension leads. Dirty and worn carpets can look unattractive to potential buyers but they’re expensive to replace. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Instead, think about hiring a carpet cleaner locally to give them a deep clean. This is especially beneficial in homes that have pets. With energy bills at the forefront of people’s minds, installing energy-efficient lights is a simple way to make a home appear brighter while saving money. Another way to make a home brighter is to simply give windows a deep clean - inside and out. Painting a small room a lighter colour creates the illusion of space and is a cheap way to potentially increase a home’s value. Try painting a room either bright white or ecru to make rooms appear larger.  Dirty grout can be a real turn off to potential buyers, and it’s a relatively affordable problem to fix. To successfully remove the dirt, one of the oldest tricks in the book is to apply bicarbonate of soda, water and vinegar, and scrub with a clean toothbrush. This is a natural and cheap method that will make tiles look as though they have been freshly re-grouted. If this doesn’t work, homeowners can buy grout pens at hardware stores for as little as £4.