James Martin has paid tribute to chef Alastair Little, following the sad news he has died at the age of 72. Taking to Twitter, Saturday Kitchen star James called Alastair a “legend”. “So sad to hear the news one of the true godfathers of British food has passed away,” he wrote. “I had the honour of first meeting Alastair Little at college as a young kid and later doing stints at Frith Street which was a Mecca for all foodies at the time...later on Ready Steady Cook and beyond. “The man was a legend in so many's eyes and mine and my thoughts go to his family and friends. “Chef,  you are and always will be a legend to me and many others. RIP,” he signed off, in view of his 720.3k followers. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Sue replied: “That is sad news indeed. Condolences to his family and friends”. Tracey added: “So sad to hear this news. I used to love him and Rowley Leigh doing their 'spot' on Nigel Slater's programme back in the day. He will be greatly missed.” “Condolences to his friends and family. Beautiful words James,” penned Karen. Jo-Anne wrote: “No!!! I remember him from Ready, Steady, Cook - always softly spoken, how sad. “Thoughts are with his friends, family & colleagues at this time.” Alastair died peacefully at his home in Australia on 2 August. He had been credited with influencing modern British cuisine, releasing several cookbooks and appearing on MasterChef and Ready Steady Cook. As well as owning several restaurants, he set up a home delivery service back in 2019. DON'T MISS...Charlene White hits out as she's blasted for Lionesses diversity query [LATEST] Jennifer Lawrence puts on eye-popping display in figure-hugging dress [PICTURES] Jane Fonda's 'not proud' of facelift - 'Don't want to look distorted' [ADMISSION] Celebrity chef Jeremy Lee paid tribute to Alastair today, writing: “Alastair Little was a godfather of modern British cooking and a champion of keeping it simple. “His cooking was just incredible x peerlesss. “Unique, charming, brilliant x a joy to cook with x a huge inspiration x a great pal and a great boss x gone too young x too soon x much missed and never to be forgotten x xxxxxx x”. Dan Lepard shared a quote of Alastair’s on social media by way of commemorating him.  “What does keep it simple mean?” read the post. “Simple food does not mean quick food or even easy food, though it can be both. “Keeping it simple means being pure in effect, finding natural rhythms and balances, allowing food to taste of itself. “Simple food does not hide behind a sauce of concealment, not is it a contrived picture on a plate. “It is a picture, but an honest one that had no pretensions.” 