CBS’ hit procedural drama Blue Bloods is expected to make its highly anticipated return to screen in October. With fans eagerly awaiting its release, many of them were left excited after Erin Reagan star Bridget Moynahan dropped a major clue about her storyline.   During the season 12 finale, fans watched the Reagan family gather around for the weekly dinner, where Erin (played by Bridget Moynahan) made a huge announcement. She told investigator Anthony Abetemarco (Steve Schirripa): “I didn’t just invite you for dinner just because we’re friends.” “I invited you also because I wanted you here when I told my family I’m throwing my hat in the ring for DA.” This meant she would be actively working for a promotion from Assistant District Attorney to District Attorney. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star     It looks as though Erin will get the ball rolling in season 13 after she provided fans with a major clue. Taking to Instagram, the actress posted a photo of co-star Marisa Ramirez who played Maria Baez, smiling behind Donnie Wahlberg, who starred as her brother Danny Reagan. He was holding up a t-shirt which read: “Elect Erin Reagan for Manhattan District Attorney.” Hinting her season 13 storyline, Bridget captioned the post: “Looks like Erin Reagan has another solid endorsement!”   This spurred a huge frenzy among fans who shared their excitement about the upcoming instalment. One fan @pbatten1 commented: “Best Endorsement she can receive.” An excited @ivona4782 added: “About time! Looking forward to the new season!” [sic] A third fan @linda_pascale stated: “Yes from everyone about time she is throwing in the towel to run!! Go Erin.” DON'T MISS...Tony Blackburn speaks out as BBC blasted for ageism [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods blunder: Fans expose error with Eddie’s violent past [BLUNDER]Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Eddie set for big career switch [THEORY]     During Erin’s announcement, her father Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) was also pleased, as he had been encouraging her to take the leap. Throughout season 12, she had been battling with the decision to rise the ranks and become District Attorney. With all three of his children in law enforcement, it would serve Frank well if his daughter was District Attorney, especially for his current role as Police Commissioner. Erin decided to take the plunge after Frank came to blows with the current District Attorney, Kimberly Crawford (Roslyn Ruff).      Showrunner Kevin Wade opened up about the upcoming season and shared why it was finally the right time for Erin to get a promotion. He explained: “Season 13 would have two tracks for Erin. “Doing the job she has, challenging herself and being challenged about her fitness for the job she wants. And what she’s willing, and not willing, to do in order to get it. Kevin added to Deadline: “So plenty of horse-trading, soul-searching, and disruption with the powers that be, her partner Anthony, and especially her family.”  Blue Bloods is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.   