Josie Gibson is fronting This Morning this week alongside Irish host Craig Doyle, who have been given the all important job of not only presenting the ITV series’ regular segments but revealing this year’s Strictly Come Dancing contestants. So fans have been glued to the daytime show more than usual to find out who will be taking to the dance floor this time around. There was even some hope that Josie herself would compete in the popular BBC One dancing competition.  Before it was revealed on This Morning that 1980s singer Matt Goss was one of this year’s Strictly contestants yesterday [Monday, August 8], there was speculation the mystery celebrity was going to be Josie. She and Craig told viewers there was going to be some big Strictly news coming up and many took to Twitter to share their thoughts. One tweeter posted: "The next #Strictly celeb will be announced on #ThisMorning just after noon so let’s take this hour to manifest Josie Gibson. While another commented: “I hope the @bbcstrictly reveal is going to be @Josiestweet. Please say it is going to be Josie. I would love to see Josie on Strictly Come Dancing." READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood warns North-South divide as South struggles for water    This Morning star Josie Gibson was born on January 24, 1985, in her beloved hometown of Bristol. This means the vibrant TV personality is now 37 years old and celebrated being another year older by taking part in a rambler challenge for the show. She shared a picture of herself with a group of fellow participants on top of a cliffs’ edge, surrounded by panoramic views. Josie wrote: “What a dream thank you team! Day two down of our rambler challenge with 96k to give away! “Just heading to the Lake District now, feeling totally blessed!“  She was previously in a relationship with her partner Terry, the father of her four-year-old son Reggie but the couple split a few months after their son’s birth. Josie regularly posts adorable pictures of herself with Reggie, with one snap labelled “My only love.“ She previously opened up to OK! magazine about what it’s been like being a single mum. "It’s an absolute juggle but I make it work.”, “If you’re worried about having a baby, you’ll always make it work, it just happens – you just make it work." DON'T MISS...Ian Wright in Match of the Day gesture to Alan Sugar following jibe [EXPLAINER]Richard Madeley blasts 'irrelevant' Gordon Brown [REACTION]Frances Tophill on how to save plants in your garden without a hose [ADVICE] Prior to her romance with Terry, Josie was in a long-term romance with plumber Luke Sanwo. The former couple were together for four years and were even engaged but they decided to split after falling out of love. Fans of Josie will also remember that she originally shot to fame in Big Brother back in 2010. It was here that she met her ex-boyfriend John James Parton who Josie moved in with after winning the show.  Their relationship only lasted a year but Josie went on to find success as a presenter on This Morning. She was first employed as a competition announcer in 2019 before being upgraded last year to present the show for the first time ever. Since then, Josie has remained a fan-favourite and continues to regularly host the show when there are absences. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.  