Royal expert Russell Myers hit out at Meghan Markle's interview with New York magazine The Cut and accused her of causing upset to Prince Charles too. He claimed the Duchess of Sussex does not help herself when it comes to using the title of princess, during his conversation with Christine Lampard. Russell Myers used his guest spot on Lorraine to pick apart Meghan's explosive new interview. He claimed the Duchess of Sussex can have no complaints about how she is viewed and criticised her decision for leaving Buckingham Palace while also keeping the Royal titles. The Royal expert chatted to stand-in host Christine Lampard and hit out at Meghan's decision to remain being referred to as a princess. He felt the fact that Harry and Meghan decided to leave the Royal Family, they no longer have the right to continue with their titles. Read More: Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think Russell explained: "She doesn't do herself any favours because she compares herself to sort of being the saviour of little girls and looking up to her." "When they meet her that she has to remember that this is their moment meeting a real life princess. "I mean she walked away from the Royal Family, she didn't want to have anything to do with it. "Yet, it is layered time and time again throughout this article of the treatment they perceived they had, I think." Russell told Christine he did acknowledge some of the Duke and Duchess' comments following the now infamous Megxit decision. He referred to some of the negative headlines and articles written about them and their own family.Russell explained the couple "couldn't wait to leave Britain" because of the "treatment" they faced by the British press. "Of course, there were some really distressing articles that have been written as commentary pieces." DON'T MISS...Why don't they just go away?' Vernon Kay on Meghan and Harry' [ARTICLE]Hubris is staggering' Meghan blasted over Mandela comparison [UPDATE]Carol Vorderman husband: How Carol Vorderman has toiled to find love' [INTERVIEW] During his guest spot on the ITV show, he also voiced his concern at the impact Meghan's comments will have on other members of the Royal Family too. The royal editor of The Mirror added: "The fact she's using reported speech 'so Harry had told me he'd lost his father' and this will be severely damaging and distressing to Prince Charles." "He has offered them an olive branch on several occasions, [with Prince Charles saying] 'come and stay at my house if you're worried about security'." "I think the bridges have already been burned and there will be absolutely no way back for them." Meghan has recently launched her own podcast titled Archetypes, with guests including empowered female stars like Serena Williams. The Duchess of Sussex recently announced that Mariah Carey will be the second celebrity to appear on the podcast. Russell concluded: "It's very clear that they are just wanting to make it them against the world and I think that's pretty sad." Lorraine airs on ITV every weekday at 9am.