Vincent Simone joined Strictly Come Dancing in 2006 before quitting the BBC show in 2012. During his time as a Strictly professional, the Ballroom and Latin dancer was paired with Felicity Kendall, Louisa Lytton and Rachel Stevens amongst others. Opening up in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Vincent revealed the one thing that surprised celebrities the most when they signed up for the show. The Ballroom and Latin star, who is returning to the stage this autumn with his new show Tango Passions, reflected on his time on Strictly. He shared: “Well, the main thing that I can tell you when I was paired up with celebrities obviously they’re super excited. “The celebrities doing the show, especially the females, can’t wait to wear those beautiful gowns and do the hair and have the makeup done and all of that. “But I remember Felicity Kendall she used to be a yoga and pilates fanatic, she was very fit – her legs, she could do splits in two seconds.” Read more: Debbie McGee hits back over Strictly snub as BBC colleague apologises “But as soon as [celebrities] join Strictly they say, ‘Oh my gosh, this is like a full-on workout’ because not only are you using your physicality, you need to use your brain because you need to think about technique,” he continued. “And then not only that, you have to use your soul because you have to put your emotions into it, through the music and through your dance partner. “So it's the complete and the best thing you could do as a human being. “I’ve been to the gym, it’s okay, but what dance gives you it gives you the full-on workout in every single way and a ‘feel good’ feeling afterwards.” Vincent explained the “pressure” of performing live on Saturday night TV added to the difficulty of the process. He added: “When you start something new, nothing is easy. It's a process, some people take longer some people take less time and for some people it depends on the style of the dance. “In a place like the biggest show on the planet, by having all the pressure performing live on a Saturday, that's going to add to [the difficulty] so you have to work harder.” Vincent’s brand new stage show sees him return to the dance he made famous on Strictly. DON'T MISSFleur East breaks down in tears as she addresses father's death [VIDEO]Fleur East's heartbreak as she's 12th Strictly contestant confirmed [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton called ‘needy’ by Loose Women star over Strictly rumours [INTERVIEW] He explained: “My new show is called Tango Passions, and it says in the name, what it's going to be about. “I’ve been waiting so long to bring out another Tango show. “I’ve been very successful in the past and there is no one who could do what I do.” Fans can catch the Argentine Tango specialist’s new show from September 14th to November 6th. “It is going to be a beautiful show,” the Ballroom and Latin dancer continued. “We’re going through meetings now to come up with this really beautiful romantic story so people can live a story through dance, through motion which is very important so it's not just simply dance.” “I have the best cast, I have the best people, the best directors and I'm in the process of choreographing the show. Hopefully, it will be a success,” he added. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year. Vincent Simone returns to the stage this autumn with Tango Passions. More information can be found here.