Monday night saw a brand new episode of The Chase air on ITV in an all-new time slot of 6:30pm. Doug, Hannah, Sue and Rusty were the four contestants who took on the chance to beat Chaser Anne Hegerty and win a life-changing sum of money. During Hannah's round, host Bradley Walsh walked away from his question podium after she accidentally got his name wrong. Hannah was the second contestant to take a step up to the quickfire cash-builder round and was raring to go. However, when standing in front of Bradley, it seemed her nerves got the best of her as she called the presenter "Doug" rather than Bradley. Bradley said: "Next to face the Chaser it's Hannah, welcome to the show, Hannah!" She replied: "Thank you, Doug," to which Bradley gave a confused look and asked: "Doug?" READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit Realising her mistake, Hannah exclaimed: "Doug? Why did I say Doug? He just left, sorry Brad!" However, Brad had already walked away from the podium and sat at Doug's seat. "Come back out Brad!" Hannah quipped, feeling bad for her mistake, but Brad was already sitting at Doug's seat and replied: "That's alright Hannah." Wanting to apologise one more time, Hannah joked: "So you didn't get knocked out you are still here, sorry Brad." Bradley laughed at the blunder and assured her: "No, it's alright don't worry." During her cash-builder round, Hannah managed to build an impressive £7,000 and was the only player to reach that amount. When facing Anne, she was given the choice to take the lower offer of £1,000 and a high offer of £40,000. She decided to play it safe and play for the money she had originally made, which was the correct choice as she flew through the round, beating Anne. Doug was first up to play against Anne and respectfully made £6,000 in his cash-builder round, also being offered £1,000 for the low amount and £30,000 for the higher offer. DON'T MISS...Ridley slammed over 'predictable' storyline as fans 'work out' plot  [LATEST]Prince Harry ‘very worried’ he’s ‘going to be in trouble’ with memoir [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's podcast savaged as expert claims popularity won't last [WATCH] Despite sticking with the original amount that he had made, Doug had a tough round and got stuck on some of the questions, ultimately being knocked out of the competition. The third contestant to take on "The Governess" was Sue who built £4,000 in her cash-builder round, being offered £1,000 and £50,000. After confirming with the team about what they thought she should do, Sue decided to go for the money she had made to play it safe. She showed off her knowledge and quiz flare and managed to get back to the Final Chase with Hannah. Rusty was last to take on Anne and after building £4,000 in his cash builder and being tempted with the £64,000 she had offered, he decided to go for his original amount. He too flew through his round and made it back to the Final Chase with Sue and Hannah where they managed to get 15 steps ahead of Anne. When she returned to her chair, she expressed to the team that they underperformed and needed to have Doug with them to get further. The Governess managed to catch the team with just 27 seconds to spare, despite two successful pushbacks. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.