Hosepipe bans have been introduced across Kent, Sussex, Hampshire and the Isle of Wight after southern England recorded its driest July since 1935. Hampshire residents raged at water company Southern Water for allegedly wasting water by “allowing leakages to continue over years and years”. A resident expressed his discontent with water companies and told BBC Breakfast he is “disappointed that it’s us, lawn lovers, to pay the price for mismanagement”. Under the current restrictions, residents are not allowed to use hosepipes to water gardens or plans as well as to clean cars or clean walls or windows. Alresford resident in Hampshire John Pescops told the BBC: “The company is partially to blame for wasting water through leaks. “I’m disappointed inasmuch that it’s us lawn-lovers who are going to sort of pay the price for mismanagement, maybe allowing the leakage to continue over years and years. “I have heard Southern Water say they’re reinvesting in infrastructure, but they’ve been saying that for years.” Referring to the ban, a local resident, Frances Brook, also said: “Absolutely not, people won’t follow the rules. “The garden gives people a lot of joy and to see everything dying in front of you I think it’s quite an issue for quite a lot of people.” In response to the bans, water company Southern Water announced they will be investing £2bn in their water network. Last year the company was fined £90M for illegal sewage discharges. Sarah Shreeve from Stop the Sewage also told the BBC: “I think when hosepipe bans were announced, people want to do their bit for their environment and they wanted to help. READ MORE: Is there a hosepipe ban in my area? “But there’s the issue in our community that people have seen years, if not decade, of the water company, not doing their bit. “So at times when bills are high and people are already wondering where their money is going being asked additionally to stop using their hosepipes is going to be raising eyebrows for a lot of people on the south coast”. Challenged about the leaks, a spokesman for Southern Waters said: “We know tackling leakage is a challenge for the entire water industry. "Our network is big and complex, and this brings many difficulties when it comes to finding and fixing leaks — but we are continuing to make investments and changes to the way we tackle this and have a target to reduce leakage by 15 percent by 2025, 40 percent by 2040 and 50 percent by 2050." DON'T MISS: Nick Clegg mercilessly MOCKED as he returns to London [WATCH]POLL: Do you want Boris Johnson's resignation revoked? [LISTEN] Truss vows to bring UK back from brink of recession [INSIGHT] The spokesperson explained: “We recently invested an additional £1.2 million since November to speed up the rollout of a new Advanced Pressure Management system on our network to reduce fatigue of the pipes which can cause bursts. "We have also fitted 7,000 acoustic loggers which can detect and pinpoint leaks, even on deeply buried pipes, and are trialing even more advanced technology in this space. "Furthermore, we have a mains replacement is designed to replace 15km of the water network. “Fixing leaks is only one element of being more water efficient, and we would like to thank our customers for supporting our many other initiatives to help us save this precious resource, such as school and home visits, online advice, and water usage calculators. “We know that short-term measures like Temporary Use Bans will have an impact on our customers, particularly during the school holidays, and we haven’t taken this decision lightly. Southern Water assured: “We’re working with the Environment Agency to ensure that we act responsibly to protect our environment.” Further restrictions are set to take place in Kent and Sussex next week as water company South East Water announced a hosepipe ban from 12 August amid the Met Office warning of “very little meaningful rain” on the horizon for most parts of England. READ NEXT: Sunak left tongue-tied when grilled about 1950s state pensionBrexit: EU 'throws Ireland under bus' in £67m fishing stitch upTory leadership: Rishi WINS Sky debate after rallying call Putin humiliated as Russia blows up OWN supply trainPutin's 'Lady Death' is first female colonel killed in Ukraine