First starring in The Romance of Rosy Ridge in 1947, Janet Leigh is best known for her roles in The Manchurian Candidate (1962) and The Fog (1980). The star, however, could not prepare for the illness that would engulf her until her last breath. Diagnosed with vasculitis in the year leading up to her death, what exactly is this health condition? The NHS explained: "Vasculitis means inflammation of the blood vessels. "In vasculitis, for some reason the immune system attacks healthy blood vessels, causing them to become swollen and narrow." The cause is often "unknown", but the condition could be triggered by an infection or medication. Pronounced dead on October 3, 2004, Janet Leigh would have been 77 years old. One type of vasculitis, according to the NHS, mainly affects "middle-aged or elderly people". READ MORE: Meghan Markle health: The Duchess on her hidden 'debilitating' illness - 'hospitalised' It's known as Wegener's granulomatosis, where the blood vessels in the nose, sinuses, ears, lungs, and kidneys are affected. As such, the condition can lead to: The condition can be "fatal" as it can lead to organ failure (if not treated with steroid medication). DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Smell that? The smelly sign to spot [ADVICE]Cancer: The 'sudden' sign when waking up in the morning [TIPS]Sean Lock: 'Finger clubbing' and 'coughing up blood' [SYMPTOMS] In a tribute to the late Janet Leigh, famed actress Jamie Lee Curtis posted: "LOVE and MISSES to my mother Janet Leigh née Jeanette Helen Morrison. Born this day [July 6] in 1927." Janet Leigh had two daughters, Jamie and Kelly, with actor Tony Curtis. The performer was married to Tony for more than a decade, but she had been married twice previously and once thereafter. Her first marriage, to John Kenneth Carlisle, was annulled after five months of matrimony. She, at the time, was only 15, and John 18. Janet Leigh then married again at 18, this time to Stanley Reams, which lasted four years. Her longest devotion to one man, however, was to Robert Brandt, who she married in 1962 and was partnered with till her death, 42 years later. What type of vasculitis Janet died from is unknown, as there are numerous types of the condition. For example, there's the possibility that it could be microscopic polyangiitis. While considered "rare" by the NHS, it has the potential to be a "serious" health condition. Most likely to affect the lungs, kidneys, and nerves, it can lead to: While Janet Leigh's cause of death is unclear, a spokesperson said she "died peacefully". You can watch Janet Leigh in The Black Shield of Falworth, airing on Tuesday, August 16 at 4.30pm on Film4.