Teddy the rescue puppy needed lots of love from his new owner after a lonely start in life – but he’s paid her back with much-needed emotional support. The adorable cavapoochon was eventually adopted at nine months by Carly Minsky after three heartbreaking false starts with previous owners. And it’s a match made in heaven. Carly, 33, and her partner Josh are delighted by the way Teddy gives so much to them – particularly Carly, who has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). She explains: “Teddy taught me the beauty of spending quality time together, rather than having to be productive. Before we had him I would judge myself harshly on how much I’d achieved that day.  “Owning a dog is such a mindful experience for someone like me with ADHD and who’s an overthinker: when you’re looking after a dog they just live in the moment, so Teddy encourages me to do that too. Adopting Teddy totally changed my priorities and lifestyle. “When I’m out with Teddy I’m focusing on what he’s focusing on. And time spent on the sofa cuddling or playing with him is never wasted.” Although Carly wasn’t looking for an emotional support dog, Teddy has clearly done a great job of being there when she needed him. Carly and Josh thought long and hard about getting a rescue dog – and had done lots of research into the best breeds for first-time owners like them. They were keen to find a sociable type who could live comfortably with them in their London flat.  So they struck lucky with Teddy, who they’d spotted online in 2020, being looked after by Barney’s Small Breed Rescue in South Wales. Their long drive to pick him up was the start of a wonderful emotional journey with their new charge. The couple had agreed not to rush into anything, but once they met Teddy at Barney’s they knew right away he was the dog for them. “Teddy is a dog who really connects with people,” says Carly, a journalist. “He’s anxious, but incredibly affectionate and emotional thanks to his difficult start in life. I think that makes him easier to bond with – he wears his heart on his sleeve and clearly communicates his feelings to you.”  It wasn’t long before the couple noticed the benefits of having a dog. “During lockdown, Teddy helped me become part of the local dog-owning community,” recalls Carly. “When you have a dog, everyone talks to you so you start to chat to people you see every day.” Now a happy, settled dog approaching his third birthday, Teddy steals hearts wherever he goes. “People always comment on how human-like he is – he’s so affectionate and loves meeting new people,” explains Carly. “It makes me sad when I think he didn’t have much affection for the first nine months of his life, but he’s certainly making up for that now.” 