The latter, drafted by arch Europhile Geoffrey Howe a key conspirator in Margaret Thatcher’s downfall, was the largest transfer of sovereignty in peacetime from London to a foreign, and hostile, power. Boris remains popular with the public to the establishment’s intense irritation. He has his flaws, as we all do, and these the electorate knew before they voted for him in 2019. Indeed, his style, unpolished but humanly relatable, is part of the package. He was who he was. Everybody knew, and yet millions voted for him. Indeed, had he tried to “professionalise”, his appeal might well have evaporated as it often does when politicians come across as too polished. Unlike most politicians though, people voted for Boris the individual rather than Boris as Leader of the Conservative Party. He was, as they say, a Presidential Candidate in a Parliamentary system. This is the crucial reason why his brand broke into so many so-called “red wall” seats. And yet, ever since he backed Brexit, a small number of hyper-partisan pro-EU hardliners in positions of power never forgave him for having betrayed the tribe. With the help of a media class that long ago lost any sense of balance, they went after Boris the moment he became Prime Minister. However, annoyingly for them, Boris’ popularity seemed unaffected. It survived pandemics, inflation and a daily and constant drip of personal attacks on his character. The 2022 May local elections were a case in point. After months of hysterical reporting on Partygate, the results showed a population largely oblivious to Boris’ seeming indulgences. In fact, the results should have added pressure on Keir Starmer. The Labour Party made few gains outside of the London and lost more votes in Northern England then the Conservatives lost in the South. Unrecognisable in most parts of the country outside of a Hampstead Heath Vegan Restaurant, Keir Starmer and his Labour Party were going nowhere fast. And yet, it was Boris who was instantly on the defensive. He had to live through a vote of no-confidence in early June, which he won by 211 to 148, a margin of over 40 percent. By mid-June, Boris’ approval rating was still relatively high. Boris’ core strength, the media and his detractors understood, was the invisible umbilical cord connecting him directly with a great mass of the British electorate; it was also his huge weakness. They just needed to cut that connection to stop him. It was already clear that he was isolated in the media, in government and had enough small time detractors in the Parliamentary party for him to be sent home packing before the electorate could be consulted. They had to find a way of stopping him standing for another election by whatever means. They just could not take the risk. To do so they would have to increase the pressure to such an extent that he would have to resign. The people of Great Britain could not be trusted to wield the knife; some of his colleagues with aspiration to Grandeur would be more malleable. A few shorts weeks after the Local Election and the Vote of No Confidence, they found a reason. What was it? Most have already forgotten. It was the resignation of a troubled soul, who also happened to have been the Party’s Deputy Chief Whip. It was nothing more than a pretext – a pre-planned Coup in fact. However, the message to the many powerful opponents of Democracy was received loud and clear. The recipe for removing elected leaders is now fully understood: constant attack on the elected leader and his character and control of the official airwaves. The upshot is the death of democracy. Leaders will no longer be allowed to challenge vested interests or the status quo. In order to survive in office, Prime Ministers will have to prostrate themselves ever more to the increasingly deranged whims of the media. Before the defenestration of Boris, it already required a great deal of courage to be the odd one out. After his ousting, no leader will dare to challenge these powerful forces if they want to remain in office for longer than 12 months. We have now had two weeks of a Conservative Leadership contest, with two people who might or might not be competent, but whose electoral appeal is just not there. Neither Liz Truss nor Rishi Sunak, however polished they might be, would have won London as Conservatives; considerably tipped the scales in favour of Brexit; or redrawn the British electoral map. Supporters of either parties in that leadership race are already saying they will use the internal mechanism of the Conservative Parliamentary Party to force a vote of no-confidence on the winner, should their man or woman lose – the electorate clearly no longer features in the game. In addition, the next step towards Democratic Centralism is being mooted far too often for comfort. That will be the removal of the membership from having a vote in the Party’s Leadership contest. They are seen as too much like the electorate and therefore, untrustworthy - all in the name of efficiency. Conservative Party Central Office told me that they would remain neutral in the race. It is not enough. CCHQ must realise that by not allowing the most popular leader the Conservative Party has had since Margaret Thatcher onto the ballot box, the organisation is playing a crucial role in increasing the power of vested interests across the United Kingdom and potentially turning our great Country into something similar to East Germany. We will have the official right to vote for a variety of Parties, but the end result will always be the same. That will mean increasing the wealth and the power of the connected few and turning the electorate of the United Kingdom into nothing more than milch cows for their benefit. Their consent will no longer be required; their life and their taxes will. The Conservative Party still has the time to ensure that the membership has a say on whether they accept Boris’ resignation. If the Party does, and shows Churchillian grit, there will be much to celebrate. If they do not, whether Liz, Truss or Rishi Sunak wins the leadership, Britain’s day as an effective democracy will be over.