Manchester United owners the Glazers are in the spotlight more than ever before after Sunday’s chastening 2-1 defeat to Brighton. The Red Devils are a club being mismanaged at the very top after nine years in the wilderness since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And Sir Jim Ratcliffe is one of the only people on the planet with the wealth to oust them. Manchester United fans protested against the Glazers ahead of the match against Brighton. A group took to the streets of Media City, singing songs about the Americans and also unfurling a huge banner to make their feelings clear. Avram Glazer was actually in the stands as United lost 2-1 on Sunday, with the American watching on alongside the likes of John Murtough and Richard Arnold. And the Americans are now in the spotlight more than ever before. Gary Neville has called on the Glazers to leave United and finally sell up after 17 controversial years, saying: "The time has come for the Glazer family to sell the football club. It's now." And Ratcliffe is one of the only people in the whole of world football with the wealth to buy the club. Back in May, the Independent claimed industry insiders think Ratcliffe wasn’t bothered by his failure to buy Chelsea. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd star McTominay ‘interesting Juventus’ with potential swap on The 69-year-old billionaire had been interested in purchasing the Blues from Roman Abramovich, before missing out to Todd Boehly. And it was stated there’s a feeling that the approach was ‘really about broadcasting to the Glazers’ that Ratcliffe is willing and ready to buy United. Since then, obviously, there’s been no developments. But with those within the footballing industry thinking Ratcliffe is interested in buying United, the INEOS owner could be the saviour of the club. Previously, however, he’s stated he wouldn’t attempt to buy the Red Devils because they’re not for sale. "You know, I have a split allegiance, effectively, really,” he said earlier this year. "When I was in London for many many years, Chelsea I could go and watch, it was quite difficult to go and watch United. DON’T MISS:Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join  "Yes, I mean, I can understand that (the calls for him to buy United) but Manchester United is not for sale." United were of interest to a Saudi Arabian consortium a few years ago. But the Glazers stood firm and still haven’t opted to sell the club, despite the opposition to their regime. Neville, meanwhile, has admitted he’s worried about United after the Brighton defeat - offering a damning assessment on their display. "They are the easiest team to play against in the league - that's a massive worry. The openness of them is unbelievable,” he said. "It will have been a shock to him [Ten Hag] after a promising pre-season. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "But anyone who has watched those Manchester United players he has been handed will recognise that is a familiar performance and the people above him should have known that was an unacceptable situation to hand Erik ten Hag that squad. "It needed improving more than it has been. There is still time in the window but he needed three or four weeks more to work with them. "Every coach comes in thinking they can do better than the last coach with the players at his disposal as they believe they are a better coach and that is probably the case with this. But the reality is, he's seen what those players are capable of today. "Those players had a good season when the fans weren't in the stadium during Covid but when the fans came back, the team now can't come from behind in games. "I don't think any Manchester United fan or pundit that has watched this team over the last 12 months, with the same players playing in the same positions, expected anything different that what we saw. "Ten Hag will be disappointed because he saw positive signs in pre-season but the reality has hit home. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "The coach needs time so I won't have a go at him. And it comes a time where I won't even have a go at the players anymore. If you have a business and the people in that business can't do the job for you then you remove them from the business. "It's abuse to keep them in the job for longer as they don't enjoy it either. "The reality is those players need replacing or supported more by better players. "They knew six, eight or even 12 months ago that the squad needed investment this summer. "Players like (Juan) Mata and (Nemanja) Matic were leaving, they knew the problems with Anthony Martial, Cristiano Ronaldo coming to the end. (Edinson) Cavani leaving, the situation with Mason Greenwood not in the club anymore. "These things have been known for a long time.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here