Steven Gerrard admitted he shared supporters’ growing frustration after he was booed off the pitch after losing a third game in four. David Moyes’s West Ham ramped up the pressure on the Aston Villa boss with a first victory of the season, settled by a deflected Pablo Fornals second-half strike. “Lose three out of four is not the start I want or supporters want,” said Gerrard. “So yes, of course I do understand their frustrations. But I do believe we have the quality players and the thing for me that I need to get right is getting our best players in the right positions. “When we get that right collectively we will score goals. I am frustrated at the moment because we haven’t put enough points on the board. Certainly for the players we have got in the dressing room our return hasn’t been enough. “I’m aware of that but moving forward we have a choice. We can feel sorry for ourselves and it continues or we roll our sleeves up and stick together and try and put things right and I need to lead that.” Gerrard insisted the players were not lacking in application but conceded they were short on imagination. “Last week against Crystal Palace the performance level across the board wasn’t enough after going in front,” he said. “Today it was that bit of imagination or creative spark. Give a lot to this game, application was there effort was there. Our creative players had an off day. The big moment in the second half has gone against us. We share our supporters' frustration and there is no one more frustrated than me but the players have to stay together and find results now to move up the table.” Moyes meanwhile said his West Ham side are far from the finished article despite finally getting their season up and running. The West Ham boss watched his side edge a poor contest against Aston Villa, winning with their first goal of the campaign. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'block transfer deal' with Tottenham loan offer 'on the table'Frenkie de Jong gets wish as Man Utd 'give up' on transferLiverpool boss Klopp urged to buy Neves after Wolves screamer And he insisted they remain a side in transition having added players to a squad that punched well above their weight last season. “The performance was not the most important thing and while we were a bit closer in the second half to being ourselves we’ve not cracked it yet,” he said. “One win doesn’t mean an awful lot but we’ve got to start somewhere. We’re just trying to get ourselves up and running. We would like to be playing much better we are in the middle of trying to change some players around and see whether we can keep up with the big boys.” Moyes confirmed Brazil international Lucas Paqueta was undergoing a medical in London on Sunday with the club hoping to confirm his signing this morning. The Lyon midfielder, 25, will cost the Hammers an initial £36.5million with a further £14.5m in add ons taking the overall package to a possible £51m. The attacking midfielder gives Moyes options up front and adds to a growing squad of internationals in east London.