If a plane has a few extra seats in first class, flight attendants will often look for passengers to upgrade. But what can passengers do to make sure they’re chosen for an upgrade? Jacob Wedderburn-Day, CEO at travel company Stasher, told Express.co.uk a couple of ways that passengers might get upgraded. He said: “For paying customers in first class there are certain rules around looking presentable. “This means you too will have to dress the part if you want to up your chances of securing an upgrade. “Dressing well doesn't mean you need to wear a three-piece suit, or a dress fit for Ascot, but you should avoid wearing anything too casual like sportswear. Smart casual will do the trick.” READ MORE: Flight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane A lot of airlines will have a loose dress code for first class passengers to maintain standards onboard. British Airways doesn’t have a dress code for first class passengers but people flying in Etihad first class will need to be dressed in smart casual. Flight attendants are more likely to upgrade passengers who have followed first class dress codes. Jacob added: “Check-in early at the desk. And don’t check in online first. Before you head off to the airport, check the page where you can reserve a seat. “This will show you how full your flight is and the risk of seats being overbooked which you can then bring up with the person at the check-in desk. “If the flight reaches full capacity once the in-person check-in has begun, the airline may need to bump someone to first class, and they’ll likely choose someone who’s already checked in.” Checking in early might be a bit of a pain but will give a passenger more chance of scoring an upgrade. Early passengers are the most likely to be chosen by check-in staff if an elusive upgrade becomes available. READ MORE: Coastline being eaten up!’ Londoner who moved to Devon shocked It also means passengers will have time to relax at the airport and won’t be in a rush to get to their flight. Jacob said: “Travel during peak times. If a flight is empty, there is no need to offer an upgrade. “Airlines are more likely to offer upgrades when the flight is full or close to capacity. “This means that you’re more likely to get an upgrade if you travel during peak times, such as school holidays or weekends. “You’re also more likely to get an upgrade if you’re flying on a popular route. Be aware that the airlines may charge more for an upgrade during these periods too.” If passengers aren’t offered an upgrade, polite passengers could be offered a free glass of bubbly if they’re nice to the flight attendants. Bringing a small gift for the plane’s crew might earn a passenger good treatment and better service. An upgrade might not always be available but a glass of fizz or an extra snack is also a nice treat.