“I've been writing for nearly an hour now and I'm feeling sluggish,” said Doctor Mosley on his podcast Just One Thing. “So, I'm going to do something that could improve my vision, pick up my posture, and really boost my mood and concentration.” On top of that, this relaxing activity can also reduce your joint pain. Doctor Mosley said: “The benefits you get aren't just inside your head. “Another study of surgeons found that taking short breaks reduced joint pain.” Although taking a break when your body feels tired and achy can be just what you need, this relaxing activity can be especially potent for those with arthritis. Characterised by achy joints, the “common” condition triggers inflammation, according to the NHS. READ MORE: Alzheimer's: Scientists discover 'major contributor' to disease - one food may stop it While there are various ways to manage arthritis pain, taking a break could also help. Arthritis Health explains that there are times when “it’s best to rest”. The portal shares: “This is the case if the activity you're doing is causing pain. “Not the 'good' pain of muscles that have had a healthy workout, but 'bad' pain that is specifically and acutely hurting an arthritic joint.  “If you are experiencing an arthritis flare-up, it can be helpful to take a break for a day or two while you focus on reducing pain and inflammation.” Some useful things that could help during this time are ice or heat therapy. Although taking a break can be a useful way to target arthritis pain, it’s also important to remember that exercise is also a great remedy. If you are in pain, you may not feel like hitting the gym but staying active could help “reduce and prevent” pain, according to the NHS. READ MORE: Donna Summer: 'Queen of Disco' died after battle with 'serious' disease - explainer And cutting your joint pain isn’t the only reason why to break, according to Doctor Mosley. He said: “In the US, they found that workers who took short breaks up to about three minutes produce not only more accurate work, but had lower heart rates suggesting a calming effect. “Since then, the evidence for taking breaks stacked up. “Taking a break, particularly if you get up and move around, can not only stabilise your blood sugars, but also make you more engaged, more productive.” If you’re worried that you don’t have enough time to take a break, Doctor Mosley explained that even short ones can bring “powerful” results. The doctor concluded: “Now all this week, I’ve made myself take regular breaks. “I like the idea that I'm doing something that could help my eyes, my joints, make me more creative and boost my mood. “So there it is. Take a break and let your mind wander.”