Jacob Rees-Mogg has warned that Tory MPs who brought down Boris Johnson have put Brexit at risk. In a lengthy interview with GB News, the Brexit Opportunities minister said Mr Johnson's demise was a "triumph" for Remainers. GB News host Esther McVey had earlier challenged Mr Rees-Mogg on the reasons for the outgoing PM's fall from power. Mr Rees-Mogg said the demise could be traced back to the Brexit referendum, suggesting it was a Remainer plot. He responded: "There are all sorts of reasons. "Part of the reason has to be Brexit. There are still a lot of people who resent the fact we left the EU. "Therefore, bringing down the standard bearer of Brexit was a triumph for them." JUST IN: 'You'll fill arena with EU flags!' Sturgeon sparks Eurovision backlash  He continued: "You had Lord Heseltine and Lord Adonis, saying No Boris, No Brexit. "I very much hope they are not true, but I think we have taken a risk. "Just look at the Cameron establishment, they never warmed to Boris, and they have all flocked to Rishi now." Mr Rees-Mogg, a Boris Johnson loyalist, has backed Liz Truss for the Tory leadership.  He said Ms Truss' admission that she regrets backing Remain in the 2016 vote was “brilliant” and “refreshing” The cabinet minister added: “She’s enthusiastic about Brexit – and that’s terrific. "Because if we’re to get the benefits of Brexit, we need enthusiasm." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'No clear impact' UK GDP at same level as EU countries [LIVE BLOG]Putin's allies LOSE IT over footage of life returning to normal [VIDEO]Jacob Rees-Mogg delivers withering attack on Rishi Sunak [INTERVIEW]  He also bashed Ms Truss' leadership rival, Rishi Sunak, telling GB News: “The area where I think the government has not been so strong is on economic policy. "But there’s somebody else that I would blame for that.” Economic issues have dominated the leadership campaign, with Ms Truss pledging immediate tax cuts while Mr Sunak prioritising bringing inflation under control. Ms Truss secured a surprise boost today when Sir Robert Buckland become the first cabinet minister to publicly switch his support from Mr Sunak to Ms Truss. Sir Robert said Ms Truss was the "right person to take the country forward". READ NEXT: Brexit LIVE: 'No clear impact' UK GDP at same level as EU countriesInflation shrinks UK economy by 0.1% in second quarterBlow for Rishi Sunak as Cabinet Minister switches to Liz TrussTruss and Sunak warned brutal clash to split Conservative PartyBrexit: 'Great error' Truss warned Boris' departure will cripple 