One such incident took place on Tuesday in the west London suburb of Ealing. There, 87-year-old Thomas O'Halloran, a retired musician well-known locally for his work in collecting for charity, was riding his mobility scooter when he was stabbed to death. Depraved in its frenzy of random violence, vicious in its blood-soaked contempt for vulnerability, this appalling murder stands as a symbol of the accelerating slide towards lawlessness and moral collapse in parts of our country.  For all the justified outrage it has provoked, the killing of Mr O'Halloran is just part of a wider pattern of barbarism that is sweeping across our once well-ordered land. The atrocity was the culmination of four days of lethal savagery in the capital with no fewer than five other deaths, including the fatal stabbings of a man in the West End and a woman outside Acton Town station. Nor was the catalogue of butchery confined to London. On Tuesday, there was a fatal shooting in Toxteth, Liverpool, while the week before was marked by another gun killing in Manchester and an attempted murder by a knife assailant in Huddersfield. The reality is that Britain is in the grip of a dangerous crime wave. According to the latest report from the Office for National Statistics, an unprecedented 6.3 million offences were recorded by the police in the year to March 2022, a rise of 16 per cent on the previous 12 months. In 1961, when Britain was a much more peaceful society, the total number of recorded crimes was only 807,000.Almost every category of law-breaking has been on the increase in the last year, with rape, violence, theft and domestic abuse all reaching record highs. What makes these figures even more depressing is the impotence of the authorities who should be upholding public safety. Instead of resolution, they are characterised by retreat. The long arm of the law is giving way to the shoulder shrug of indifference. As a result, criminals are rarely apprehended or punished for the misery they inflict. Incredibly, just 5.6 per cent of offences now lead to a suspect being charged or summoned, falling to 4 per cent for thefts, 3.7 per cent for burglaries and just 1.3 per cent of rapes. In an interview last weekend, Andy Cooke, the robust new Chief Inspector of Constabulary, admitted the current police clear-up rates were "dire", adding that victims of crime are not receiving the service "they expect and deserve".  Police chiefs try to explain away their failure by claiming to be over-stretched because of their excessive responsibilities and lack of personnel. But neither of those excuses is convincing. In fact they have been freed of many of their past duties, like parking enforcement and the provision of commercial security. Moreover, the force is much bigger now, comprising 140,000 officers compared with 72,000 in 1959 and 125,000 in 1997. But too big a proportion of these resources are wasted through the obsession with the woke agenda. Too many police bosses now appear to regard their forces as agents of social engineering and political indoctrination rather than guardians of law enforcement. It is a dangerous, deeply illiberal belief that has encouraged them to focus on transgressions against the fashionable progressive ideology rather than the fight against real criminals. On Saturday, a woman revealed she had been visited and berated by a Police Community Support Officer. The woman's crime? To have a sticker in her window which criticised the transgender ideology's attack on women's rights. "You need to educate yourself," said the censorious PCSO.  Political views should be no business of the police. But the Orwellian culture of thought control continues its advance, reflected in the 25,000 so-called "non-crime hate incidents" recorded by police every year. The triumph of groupthink is also displayed in the plethora of new diversity managers, bureaucratic monitoring exercises, brainwashing courses, gesture politics and action plans. Today's virtue-signalling police struggle to make arrests but know there are 37 different sexual identities. They can dance along at Gay Pride but cannot respond to vehicle thefts. More hostile to discrimination than drug dealing, more worried about imagined bigotry than real burglaries, they have badly lost their way. Our constabularies used to be admired as the finest in the world. They can be again if they regain their traditional sense of purpose and impartiality. 