Personal Independence Payments (PIP) are paid to almost three (2.9) million people with a disability or health condition that affects their everyday life. However, the date they will receive their money from the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) will change in August because of the bank holiday on Monday 29. People who rely on PIP to help them make ends meet are being reminded the date they receive their money will change this month. It also affects millions of Britons who rely on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits. The good news is people who usually receive their money on Monday will be paid on Friday 26 instead. This applies to anyone who receives DWP benefits if they are paid on Monday. READ MORE: Couple share simple trick to save £280 a year on energy bills Cash strapped Britons are being urged to make sure they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Some £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year, money which could prove to be a lifeline to many people right now. To qualify for PIP people need to be under state pension age and suffering from a condition that affects their everyday life. How much they will receive will depend on how severely their disability affects their everyday life. DON'T MISSState pension increase - what rates might you expect in April 2023? [UPDATE]British Gas offering people 'in debt' up to £1,500 for energy bills [ALERT]Building Society offering account with 5% rate [UPDATE]You could save almost £1,000 a year on energy bills with two hacks [INSIGHT]   How much is PIP every month? PIP is made up of a daily living component and a mobility part. The PIP rates for 2022 are: Daily living part      lower weekly rate      Higher weekly rate                            £61.85                      £92.40Mobility part          £24.45                      £64.50 READ MORE: Pensioners are earning £15,000 for 15 minutes work - could you?  Meanwhile, in Scotland 313,600 people who depend on PIP are being transferred to a new benefit. It means new claims for PIP will no longer be accepted after August 29 and people over 16 and under state pension age with a disability will have to apply for Adult Disability Payment instead. Thousands of people who already receive PIP will receive a letter from the DWP to let them know when their case is being transferred to Social Security Scotland. ADP claimants will be paid the same as people on PIP which works out at between £97.80 and £627.60 every four weeks. Some people are put off claiming because they claim the process can be time consuming and stressful. However, they can ask Citizen’s Advice or Macmillan Cancer Support for help filling out the forms. Initially, PIP claimants need to fill and send off the How Your Disability Affects You evidence form to the DWP before being assessed by an independent healthcare professional. More information on the criteria and how to apply can be found on GOV.UK.