Meghan Markle is expected to spend the day in private, celebrating with her family. Prince Harry became engaged to former actress Meghan in November 2017 and the couple wed at St George’s Chapel, Windsor in 2018. Since joining the Royal Family Meghan Markle has conducted several appearances alongside the Windsors. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fans join forces to support Duchess on special day She has taken part in joint engagements with Harry as well as making appearances at Buckingham Palace garden parties, Trooping the colour and on the iconic balcony. On May 6, 2019, Meghan gave birth to her first child, Archie Harrison – now three. And in January 2020 Meghan and Harry announced their decision to step down from the Royal Family. In a statement, the couple said: “After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution. “We intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent while continuing to fully support Her Majesty the Queen. “It is with your encouragement, particularly over the last few years, that we feel prepared to make this adjustment. “We now plan to balance our time between the United Kingdom and North America, continuing to honour our duty to the Queen, the Commonwealth, and our patronages.” The couple later relocated to Vancouver Island before moving to Los Angeles, to be closer to Meghan’s mother Doria Ragland. In March 2021 Meghan and Harry sat down for a two-hour tell-all interview with Oprah. The couple opened up about their time in the Royal Family, their decision to step back from royal duties and their life in California. On June 4, 2021, Meghan gave birth to her second child, Lilibet Diana – now one. DON'T MISS: Meghan questioned on ‘radio silence’ 1 year on from birthday campaign [UPDATE]Meghan Markle warned US support at risk over abuse of 'royal card' [LATEST]Meghan Markle 'fears Harry will be lured back into Royal Family' [INSIGHT] The Sussexes reunited with the Royal Family over the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in June. Since leaving the Royal Family Meghan and Harry signed deals with Spotify and Netflix and the Duchess is expected to release her new podcast ‘Archetypes’ this year. In July, Meghan’s popularity plummeted from -39 to -42, according to the latest YouGov survey. Just 23 percent of the public hold a positive outlook on Meghan and nearly two-thirds, 63 percent, have a negative view. So what do YOU think? Has Meghan had a positive impact on the Royal Family? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 