And this week, the anniversary of her passing, will be a particularly poignant time for those who rightly adored and admired this wonderful Lady so much. I was only lucky enough to meet Diana once - but it is a meeting I am unlikely to ever forget. Not least because she playfully flirted with me, came close to crying over her boys and then ditched me....for David Hasseloff. All in a day’s work I guess! The year was 1993 and the location was London’s grand Landmark Hotel where I was attending a charity champagne reception. The timing could certainly have been better. Earlier that morning the state of her marriage to Prince Charles had come under intense scrutiny on GMTV, which I was then hosting. We had held a poll and even a phone-in for viewers to share their opinions. The lines were red-hot and both Prince Charles and Diana had come in for some flak. So, as Diana arrived, I was left hoping she had not heard about what had happened on my show a couple of hours earlier. Then, from out of nowhere, Diana appeared - tall, elegant, beautiful, with the longest legs I had ever seen. Diana’s Lady-In-Waiting started to make an introduction before Diana immediately cut in saying: “I know who he is.” Then, with a dazzling smile, she added: “I often watch you when I’m in the gym.” “I hope you weren’t watching this morning, Ma’am,” I replied. But she said that she had been - leaving me wishing the ground would quickly swallow me up. I explained I did not agree with a lot of what the viewers had said but I quickly realised Diana was not the least bit put out. She had become used to it. It was water off a duck’s back. She was far more interested in talking about Northern Ireland which, back then, was experiencing a particularly bad wave of violence and bombings. “It’s terrible what’s happening there,” she said, looking genuinely pained. “They won’t let me go, you know.” When I asked who “They” were she added: “The Palace. I want to go and show the people of Northern Ireland that I care. Do you think I would make a difference?” I explained how I thought a visit from the Princess would potentially make all the difference. Then, when I explained I would be taking part in a peace march in Belfast that weekend, she asked me to pass on her love and best wishes. Then our talk turned to her boys who had just gone back to boarding school. Tears filled her eyes when she said: “I miss them terribly. It’s very hard being apart from them.” It was instantly clear to me how much love she had for Her Boys. They were her world. After ten minutes in her company I could also quickly tell how anyone could be left utterly bewitched by her. She was unique, a total one-off. Then, just as I was beginning to think “this could be love” beefcake actor David Hasslehoff walked in. And Diana sped off to meet him quicker than a lifeguard racing out to sea to save a Damsel in distress. “She really liked you.” Her Lady-In-Waiting said to me before adding: “She never spends that long talking to someone if she doesn’t like them.” Sadly it was the only time I got to meet Diana. Four years later I, like the rest of the country, was left heartbroken and somewhat numb by her passing. The coverage of her death I helped anchor remains one of the most extraordinary news events I have ever been involved in. For weeks it was the only story in town and dominated the nation’s thinking. Who can ever forget the sight of William and Harry following their mother’s coffin? It is therefore quite natural that almost three decades later people are focusing this week on the reported problems that seem to exist between Her Boys. I have no doubt she had have been dismayed at the fact they do not seem to be getting on. No parent ever wants to see their children bicker or be in dispute. But the saddest thing for me is the fact it looks like there is little end in sight to this apparent fall-out. In fact, with the upcoming release of Harry’s eagerly-awaited memoir, there is even the chance this will drive an even bigger wedge between the warring Princes. It is so sad to see, but even though I only spent a little bit of time in her company, I am in little doubt Diana would have somehow found a way to heal things between William and Harry. Because, as the Queen of Hearts, that is what she always did best. Eamonn Holmes presents GB News Breakfast from 6am, Monday to Thursday with Isabel Webster. 