The FIA has been forced to clarify Charles Leclerc’s grid penalties at the Belgian Grand Prix after a possible loophole emerged. If accepted, Leclerc would have been able to jump ahead of other drivers with back-of-the-grid penalties including his title rival Max Verstappen. The F1 Regulations say a driver will be required to start the race from the "back of the grid" if they receive a penalty exceeding 15 grid places. However, Leclerc took all of his engine component penalties in separate hits with none of these exceeding 15 places. In a bulletin ahead of qualifying, the FIA confirmed there was some confusion in the wording. It said: “The wording of the sentence is singular ‘a penalty’ and neither document imposed more than 15 grid places. “So it could be interpreted that this does not trigger a “back of grid” penalty.” However, the FIA went on to confirm the penalties would be applied “cumulatively” and therefore Leclerc would still start at the back. It read: “Logically, regardless of how many documents the penalties are published in, all decisions accumulate over the competition, and anything over the 15 grid place limit triggers the back of the grid penalty. READ MORE: Max Verstappen rubs salt in Mercedes wounds with brutal comment "It is important to note that the 'start the race from the back of the starting grid' penalty [that] is fully embedded in Article 28 was specifically introduced in response to nonsensically high grid penalties from PU changes. [It] has never been used to accumulate grid penalties imposed from other articles of the regulations." It means Leclerc and Verstappen were forced to fight for grid position in qualifying yesterday afternoon with the Red Bull star coming out on top. Leclerc will start the race directly behind the reigning champion but ahead of others with grid penalties such as Esteban Ocon and Lando Norris. Speaking after qualifying, Leclerc admitted he felt the car still had the potential to fight near the front. DON'T MISS Max Verstappen sets target after penalty drops him to the back of grid [INSIGHT]Martin Brundle attacks 'ridiculous' grid penalty rules  [COMMENT]F1 stewards clarify grid penalty error after Max Verstappen penalised [ANALYSIS] He explained: “Our competitors have been very fast since the start of the weekend, and looking at the gap we had to them today shows us that it will not be an easy race. I don’t have a clear objective for tomorrow; what I want is to maximise the result. “Our race pace was quite good yesterday so hopefully, with a strong first stint and a lot of overtakes, we can come back quickly and fight at the front."