Losing belly fat is a common weight loss goal for millions of people across the world as it can creep up in anyone. Not only can it make one feel uncomfortable but abdominal fat is particularly harmful as it increases a person's chances of further health risks, such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease. But Dr Michael Mosley has some good news - he's shared his "amazing" time-saving tips on how to reduce "stubborn" visceral fat found around the stomach. With belly fat often being the focal point for a person's weight loss goals, he told Express.co.uk: "You need to eat smart, fast smart, and train smart. "To lose belly fat, you have to understand belly fat and to understand belly fat, you need to understand the basics of how insulin works." He continued to explain that the body makes insulin after a meal in order to keep blood sugar stable. "On your cell walls, insulin opens up glucose ports to allow sugar through – for burning in muscle, and for storage in fat," Dr Mosley said. "In your fat, insulin also curbs the release of fatty acids – a source of energy – into your system. However, as we age, cell-wall insulin receptors become less sensitive. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "As a result, even after a meal, our blood is replete with glucose and fatty acids. This is a toxic brew, driving an array of bad outcomes, including rapidly-expanding belly fat." Dr Mosley recommends "a three-pronged attack on belly fat" to make a "serious impact". He suggests: The diet guru revealed a "surprising" number of diet-marketed snacks and drinks are actually high in sugar despite being low in fat. And when people cut or limit carbs in their diet, they suppress their appetite and they lose weight. He explained: "Likewise, replace processed carbs like white bread, chips and pasta with slow-release energy sources, such as brown rice or quinoa. "Two things will surprise you: the amount of sugar you were consuming unawares, and the speed at which your belly fat will begin to tame itself." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] This is Dr Mosley's preferred method of dieting, and the premise behind his 5:2 and Fast 800 diets. He said: “The idea that fasting ‘slows your metabolism’ is a myth. "Under conditions of marked energy deficit – 800 calories per day or less – not only do you simply lose weight by eating fewer calories, but your body responds to the stress of fasting by enhancing hormone function to facilitate weight loss and burn fat for energy." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Regular exercise is good for a whole host of reasons, especially when incomes to losing weight. Being in a calorie deficit is a necessity to shifting stubborn belly fat, and the nutritionist labelled being more active a "key" player alongside a healthy diet. "Exercise is key for various reasons. It is amongst the best things you can do for a long and healthy life," he said. “While exercise alone will not help you lose the stubborn fat from round your middle, it can be crucial for helping reduce the risk of re-gaining fats, as well as lowering blood sugar levels and improving insulin sensitivity.  "Research has shown the extraordinary impact that ultra-short bursts of HIIT (high-intensity interval training) can have. All in just a few minutes." With the right lifestyle changes, Dr Mosley revealed it is possible to shed weight easily. "You can lose it fast," he said. "More and more people are discovering that with the right lifestyle changes, they can burn it off. "And most amazing? It’s not as hard as you think."