Michelle Dewberry hit out at the terms women and girls being removed from NHS-backed guidance on menstruation during a heated debate on Tuesday's instalment of her GB News programme. She told viewers the words have been replaced by phrases such as "people who bleed". A furious Michelle branded the decision "pathetic". Michelle began: "Get sat down comfortably, if I had a trigger warning I would flash it up because that's what you seem to have to do these days when you want to be controversial, and when I say controversial I mean talking about the word woman." It was revealed on Tuesday an NHS website, which is part-funded by the Welsh Government, has left out the terms women and girls from its guidance on periods. Instead, the terms have been replaced by phrases such as "people who bleed" and "half the population". Critics have complained the language is confusing and believe it could complicate matters for young people going through puberty. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter "I just personally think it's all pathetic," Michelle said. "To me, this is about an ever so subtle, ever so gradual approach to almost not mentioning women." When Michelle told her guest Mary-Ann Ochota that the guidance sat very uncomfortably with her, Mary-Ann replied: "I don't know why it makes you uncomfortable to expand communication." The author said: "It doesn't erase women, it doesn't mean most women do or do not have periods. "There are some women who don't bleed, that doesn't make them less of a woman."  Mary-Ann also said the people who don't identify as a girl or a woman who have no interest in trans rights might just have a medical condition where they "identify as men who have periods". "I think [we should] make that information accessible, we don't have to make it into a culture war," she added. "To me, it's very simple, your biology is your biology," Michelle chimed in as she clashed with Mary-Ann. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes hits out at BBC axing 5 Live results [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes fumes at French for Dover travel chaos 'Total joke' [UPDATE]Eamonn Holmes humiliates Labour as Truss attack backfires [INSIGHT]  "It's almost like women is the word which dare not be mentioned in case someone gets called transphobic." The GB News host then asked her other guest Alex Deane to share his thoughts on the subject. He told viewers: "Just when equality might be argued to be within glimpsing distance, the rug is pulled out from under you. "Now any man can say he's a woman, and say, 'I'm in your sports, I'm in your changing room, there's no real such thing as a woman anymore,' and it sounds rather like the patriarchy to me."   The commentator referred to a woman as an adult human female and labelled the NHS guidance as "ridiculous". The guidance they were referring to is on the Bloody Brilliant website which says its information is for “people who have periods” and “anyone with a uterus”. The NHS Wales Health Collaborative issued a statement which read: “The use of language is consistent with similar mat­erials, including Welsh Government publications, and following expert advice.” Dewbs and Co airs at 6pm on weeknights on GB News. 