Many people like to get comfy on planes, particularly if it's a long haul flight. However, one flight attendant shared one thing passengers should avoid at all costs - walking around barefoot. Sam, a former BA flight attendant, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what flyers should never do on board a plane. Many know the best places to sit on a flight for optimum service and leg room, or which foods to never order inflight, but what about the clothes we decide to wear - or not wear? Comfortable clothes are recommended on a plane so passengers aren't restricted and can totally relax. Although, those who wear more presentable clothes may be more "suitable for upgrade", claimed another flight attendant. READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'never' eat onboard before crucial precaution But whether you're wearing your cosiest tracksuit or a chic maxi dress ready to step off the plane, there is one item everybody should go without. Sam told flyers: "Stop walking around barefoot, especially when going to the toilet." But if you're hoping to sleep on the plane - or just get comfortable - and can't do this in heavy shoes why is this is so crucial? She continued: "The number of questionable fluids found on the toilet floor throughout a flight is obscene." For passengers who simply do not want to keep their shoes on on a long haul flight, Sam offered an alternative. "At least wear some socks or some slides," the expert encouraged. This way you can kick them off when you're in your seat, but put them on easily to head to the loo or take a mid-flight walk around the aircraft. Speaking of things to avoid on a plane, Sam shared one more tip for flying that passengers need to know. READ MORE: Showers closed on Spanish beaches due to drought Flight attendants may be super busy, but they're there to help. So do not be afraid to ask them for things. Sam said: "Avoid drinking the tap water! "The water tanks are not cleaned enough (if ever), there’s a reason we serve bottled water. "If you have a bottle that you want filling, just ask the FA." And while the helpful flight attendant is refilling your water, don't be afraid to ask for some more snacks. She explained: "On long-haul flights (BA and most carriers) you don’t pay for any refreshments onboard. "Feel free to ask for an extra coke/wine/bag of pretzels whenever you fancy."