Wandsworth locals woke up to a police crime scene surrounding smashed glass on the road, with Met officers and forensics swamped across the area. The "bangs" were reported in the early hours of Monday morning just off Wandsworth Road on the edge of Heathbrook Park. Emergency services have been seen going in and out of a block of apartments on Saint Rule street. A party might have taken place at the time of the incident, MyLondon reports. A statement from the Met Police confirmed emergency services were called to the location shortly before 04.25am to reports of a shooting. No victim was found at the scene but officers were informed that a man had been taken to hospital in a private vehicle. READ MORE: Woman yells in court that a stabbing victim 'got what he deserved' A 22-year-old man remains in hospital suffering gunshot wounds. There has been no update on his condition. The road remains cordoned off. The shooting comes amid calls for London Mayor Sadiq Khan to sort out the capital's violence statistics. Last year's record knife crime figures, which forced Mr Khan to "take action" on the issue in the city, are quickly appearing to last through 2022. Analysis by Express.co.uk suggests knife-related deaths have only fallen slightly so far this year when compared to 2021, and other figures suggest violent knife crime remains high. Experts and locals affected by these violent occurrences say police often fail to be present to prevent such crimes, only to solve them afterwards – despite claims of increased patrols in the worst-hit areas. Last summer saw London's worst period on record for violence, with knife-related attacks making up a significant proportion of the horrific acts carried out in the capital. According to Metropolitan Police figures, there were 134 murders in 2021, 85 of which involved a knife (around 63 percent). In the first three months of this year, ONS data shows there were 19 murders, 14 of which were with a knife. The same period in 2021 saw 22 blade-related deaths – a reduction of about a third for the quarter year-on-year. Last July alone, there were 16 homicides. As of July 24 this year, there had been nine murders, four of which involved a blade. Express analysis suggests the murder rate for July has only dropped by around a quarter. Last week, TV star Shabs Ahmad warned Mr Khan he will have "blood on his hands" if he does not step in to address the wave of violent crime continuing to hit London. DON'T MISSLiz Truss allies ALREADY discussing her downfall [REVEAL]Portion of income you'll have to sacrifice to keep lights on [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle handed Mariah Carey podcast warning [REPORT] Additional reporting by Aleks Phillips