Reacting to Meghan's most recent interview, published earlier this week, royal commentator Richard Eden said: "Given that Meghan is now saying Prince Harry 'lost' his father, I dread to think what the Duke of Sussex has in store for Prince Charles in his forthcoming memoirs..." Speaking to The Cut magazine about her and Prince Harry's decision to step back from the Royal Family, Meghan said: "Harry said to me, 'I lost my dad in this process.'" She added: "It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision." While there was some speculation that Meghan was referring to Prince Harry's relationship with his father, Sussex biographer Omid Scobie denied this. He said: "There seems to be confusion in some headlines about this quote in The Cut interview. "I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan's loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn't want Harry to lose his." Meghan has become estranged from her father in the last few years. Prince Harry has also reportedly had a difficult relationship with his own father. During the couple’s March 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey, Prince Harry claimed that Prince Charles "stopped taking [his] calls". He also claimed the Royal Family "literally cut [him] off financially" following Megxit. Mr Eden's comments come ahead of the publication of Prince Harry's memoir, expected later this year. READ MORE: Meghan rocked by 'diva' comments in podcast that left her 'sweating' Reports have speculated that Harry's book will hit shelves just before the festive season. According to Penguin, Harry's memoir will "share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses and life lessons that have helped shape him". When the book was announced, Prince Harry said: "I’m writing this not as the Prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE] He said he is keen to share the first "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his own life. Previously, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams warned that the revelations in the book might be a "problem" for Prince Harry's relationship with Prince William. Speaking on ToDiForDaily's podcast, he said: "Both brothers were inseparable. "And there’s no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they’ve taken very, very different roads. "And I see no, no rift being healed, unfortunately, because what you’re looking at now is a memoir that Harry is writing that’s coming out in the autumn now. "The problem is what is going to be in that book. "It’s very difficult after Oprah, which is just over a year ago, and I thought it was so destructive, and also open to different interpretations."