Sunday Brunch hosts Tim Lovejoy and Miquita Oliver were back in the studio this weekend, while Simon Rimmer presented from Boardmasters in Newquay. They were also joined by guests Banarama, Jack Holden, Elliot Kaye, Lily Cole and Cat Burns. However, guest chef Elliot left some viewers divided when he whipped up some dishes in the kitchen Elliot made an appearance on the live show to open up about his business, Norman Cafe, a greasy spoon he co-owns with Richie Hayes. The chef took to the kitchen to serve the hosts and guests three classic British dishes that his cafe offers. Elliot made battered sausage with homemade brown sauce, beans on toast with Red Leicester cheese and sprinkle cake pudding. However, some Sunday Brunch fans were less than impressed with the recipes, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation   One viewer @MichaelClarke wrote: “Is this a p**s take. Sausage and brown sauce. Beans on toast. Sponge with icing. What's next, Weetabix?” (sic) Another fan @DeanRyan quizzed: “Beans on toast with white bread. Genius. What's next, milk on cereals?!?” @Apuforu joked: “Next week how to make sugar butties.” While @Pat simply asked: "Seriously?"   Other viewers were loving the chef's dishes and were even sharing their own tips for making beans on toast. @DeanWoolford added: “When it comes to beans on toast, for me the cheese has to go on the toast first and beans on top so the cheese melts. @13Atomic- Oh yum sprinkle cake and pink custard! I need to go there. #Norman's As Elliot was making the dishes, he opened up about the inspiration behind the meals. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [INSIGHT]Sunday Brunch fans baffled by Tim's 'awkward' interview [INSIGHT]Nina Wadia discusses 'messing up' during meeting with Princess Anne [INSIGHT]  He told the presenters: “We do breakfast, lunch classics, and we basically try and do honest food pretty good. “It’s affordable food just done well, we make everything in-house." Elliot detailed the recipe and added: “It’s a rich tomato sauce, slow roast pretty much all day, then we mix haricot beans through, and we finish it with cream as well.” Tim quizzed: “What about the bread, did you think about going sourdough, rye?”   To which the chef replied: “Honestly, it never entered our minds, we’re kind of against it. “You can’t go wrong with basic white bread, it works, and I’m a big believer in that, I love it.” Bananarama star Keren Woodward chimed: “I agree, some things you just got to have white bread, BLT, beans on toast it has to be white bread. “I still eat beans on toast if I’m short on time, with a bit of cheese on top.” Sunday Brunch airs Sunday’s from 9:30am on Channel 4.   