The first is that the Scottish Government is failing. In health, welfare, drug policy, the provision of basic services, the devolved administration is not up to snuff. Scots are paying the price for these Government failures. As the cost of living rises, things are getting worse in Scotland. The second is that only one of the two Conservative candidates currently bidding to be Prime Minister grew up in Scotland: Liz Truss, who spent much of her childhood in Paisley. Previous Conservative leaders were seen as outsiders to Scotland. They were posh men whose governments imposed their policies from Westminster. Truss’s origins, meanwhile, are very Scottish. When she says that Scotland must be liberated from SNP failure and corruption, you know she means it.Some Scottish Tories are suspicious of Truss. They see her dressing like Margaret Thatcher and they worry.But in truth the Conservative party has been in trouble in Scotland since 1992.Ordinary parties naturally struggle when faced with the ability of the Scottish National Party to foreswear traditional government for a perpetual campaign for independence. These are powerful rhetorical forces.Cheap nationalism is an SNP speciality. It motivates some voters, but cannot fix a broken political system, a dismal situation in public health or revitalise a flagging economy.Under the SNP, and especially under Nicola Sturgeon, government has largely ceased to work. Holyrood and the Scottish parliament are bypassed.Sturgeon personally runs a never-ending campaign for independence. Both it and the government of Scotland are centralised in Bute House, the first minister’s residence. MSPs and voters are left out and forgotten.It is an inefficient and unhappy system. The results are in every newspaper, almost daily. The rising cost of living is hurting the most vulnerable among us. The Scottish NHS is groaning under pressure. Scotland’s epidemic of drug deaths is one of the worst in Europe. We came out of the pandemic with structural economic and public health problems seemingly beyond the ken of Bute House.But there is a solution. It’s something Truss knows well. And it’s fundamentally Scottish: the free market economics of Adam Smith and David Hume – economics which made Scotland great and rich.Truss' philosophy can beat the centralisation of power under the SNP, which seems so corrupt and inefficient it’s almost ancient.Deregulation of stifled sections of the UK economy will make Scotland grow. And Westminster can level up Scotland most effectively with new levelling up investments.Across the UK, and especially in Scotland, those things which are necessary to grow and to thrive, investment and capital spending, have stagnated.Everyone now agrees that capital spending must rise. And under Liz Truss as prime minister, capital investment which the SNP never managed to make can come to Scotland.The opportunities are tremendous. Areas of Scotland in relative decline can be made the equivalent of special economic zones. Glasgow and Edinburgh are ancient university cities that have been neglected by Bute House. A new high tech and scientific sector – funded from Westminster – can be built there. With UK Government money, it can find its workers and its place.The UK has world-beating new bodies to invest in research and science – UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) and the new scientific investor Advanced Research and Invention Agency (ARIA). Through them, vital investment in scientific research can flood into Scotland. It must do so.Liz Truss knows this better than Rishi Sunak, a bean counter, the value of investing to deliver growth.Investments will be needed to build our high-tech industries, in the manufacturing of semiconductors, in life-sciences, in energy generation, in secondary industries, that are needed to beat authoritarian governments.These investments must be made if Britain is to stay ahead. They may as well, and under Truss they will, happen in Scotland.The SNP, for all its global grandstanding, is not interested in the future of the free world. It is interested narrowly in its own cause, where ‘democracy’ starts and ends with endless referendums until the desired result is achieved. Led by an increasingly authoritarian leader in Sturgeon herself.Scotland’s Conservatives must know that only one candidate before them has a Scots background, and comes from the traditions of Scottish Enlightenment which made the country great. It can be again.With Liz Truss at the helm, the SNP’s authoritarianism will face its greatest challenge.