Amir Arison announced his departure from NBC’s The Blacklist earlier this year, with his character Aram Mojtabai bowing out at the end of season nine.  His exit came just one year after the loss of fan-favourite Liz Keen (played by Megan Boone) who said her farewells in the season eight finale. The pair appeared on-screen together ever since the show’s debut run and despite both their exits, it appears their off-screen bond has remained stronger than ever - much to the delight of fans. So much so, Megan took to Instagram to pay tribute to Amir after he ditched the world of small screen acting for the big stage. Amir appeared in a Broadway adaptation of The Kite Runner earlier this year, wowing live theatre audiences. And Megan happened to be in the crowd for one of Amir’s shows, sharing a clip from the crowd to his social media page. The clip showed her Blacklist co-star take to the stage to say thank you to the crowd and take a bow. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist Megan accompanied the clip with a heartfelt tribute praising Amir for blowing the audience away with his Broadway debut. “What a spectacular leading man!!” Megan began. “Congratulations @amirarison on your Broadway debut and opening night of @kiterunnerbway. She continued: “I love you very much, and felt real pride tonight. #soccermom (tho you couldn’t hear me over the roar of the crowd irl).” (Sic) And while dozens of fans also shared their messages of congratulations, Amir also took the time to reply to Megan’s kind words. The former The Blacklist star simply replied to the post: “Megan!!!” followed by a series of love heart emojis. Before long, a number of fans shared their own reactions, with fan account @megan_boone_elizabeth_keen commenting: “So lovely! Adorable and sweet.” And @leslieediann echoed Megan’s sentiment by remarking: ”I ammmmmmm so proud!!!!!!!!! Wanna watch!!!!!!” Elsewhere, @jcmarmusic was left in tears, typing: “This is so precious. So beautiful. Made me cry. Thank you so much for sharing this.” DON'T MISS:The Blacklist fans in meltdown as Liz Keen and Dembe stars reunite The Blacklist season 10: Crew member shares filming updateThe Blacklist's Megan Boone announces new role after exit “Amir has done serious hardwork and now he is getting the fruit of his hardwork well done,” @satvik.jain77 weighed in. While another fan account, @theblacklist_love, simply put: “I’m so proud of @amirarison and very happy for him.” (sic) The decision for Amir to ditch The Blacklist for a stint on the stage isn’t one he took lightly at the beginning. In fact, Amir admitted he initially didn’t even like the character he played in The Kite Runner but grew to love the role over time. In the end though, he admitted it was no contest between picking the stage role over a return to The Blacklist in season 10. He told Variety: “The show got renewed, and just like a week or two before that I had gotten The Kite Runner. “And when I got Kite Runner, I knew. There was no decision. I had been doing Blacklist for so long, and Kite Runner was an immense challenge. “I’m an actor and I have to challenge myself and scare myself.” The Blacklist season 10 premieres on NBC in the USA later this year.