Security threats facing the UK and its allies are due to be discussed today as Prime Minister Boris Johnson hosts the Australian Deputy Prime Minister Richard Marles. Australia signed a trilateral military deal with Britain and the US last year, known as AUKUS, in an agreement which will see the two partners help Canberra develop its own nuclear-powered submarines. The allies also announced in April they had agreed to work together on hypersonic and anti-hypersonic weaponry. Mr Johnson and ministers will attend a commissioning ceremony for the submarine HMS Anson, in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria. It is the fifth of seven new, Astute-class attack submarines of the Royal Navy, built at a cost of £1.3billion. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace and Mr Marles are expected to hold a press conference at lunchtime today.    Mr Wallace said: "I'm looking forward to hosting Deputy Prime Minister Richard Marles. "We have lots of work ahead, responding to growing threats in the Indo-Pacific and progressing our ambitious defence programmes within the AUKUS initiative. "Hosting him in Barrow is testament to the importance of the north west for our shared security and prosperity." AUKUS angered French President Emmanuel Macron in September as it overrode a previous deal signed between Canberra and Paris. France called the deal a "stab in the back" and temporarily recalled its ambassadors from the US and Australia.  READ MORE ABOUT NICOLA STURGEON BEING HUMILIATED     It is Mr Marles's first trip to Britain since becoming deputy prime minister after the centre-left Labor party's win in Australia's general election in May. He is also due to visit France and was in Germany on Monday. Mr Marles said ahead of the trip: "My visit to Europe comes at a time when the war in Ukraine has shown the importance of increasing cooperation with like-minded partners, both in Europe and the Indo-Pacific." Canberra has said Mr Marles's visit to France is aimed at restoring and renewing relations between the two countries. Australia reached a £475million (€555million) settlement with French military shipyard Naval Group over its scrapping of the multi-billion dollar submarine deal. Canberra said the pay deal would help repair the rift caused by abandonment of the pact.   DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'have no way back' with Charles [OPINION] Meghan Markle puts Royal family on alert AGAIN - new podcast released [REPORT] William told to 'board plane' and 'intervene' in Meghan row [LATEST] Prime Minister Anthony Albanese's Cabinet has made global diplomacy central to restoring Australia’s overseas reputation with ministers making a number of official visits to the Asia-Pacific region, Europe and the United States. The Deputy Prime Minister visited Japan in June to promote defence cooperation to counterbalance China's growing military influence in Asia. Mr Marles told The Sydney Morning Herald: "We see the relationship with Britain as being very central to our national interest and our world view. We will have a very intense and ongoing agenda with Britain. Britain is our oldest relationship." Russian President Vladimir Putin cited the AUKUS security pact earlier this month as evidence of Western attempts to build a NATO-style bloc in the Asia-Pacific region. Putin said: "We also see the collective West is seeking to extend its bloc system to the Asia-Pacific region by analogy with NATO in Europe. For this purpose, aggressive military-political alliances are being formed, such as AUKUS and others." His comment came after Australia warned in March that strategic convergence between Russia and China risked conflict between major powers. Andrew Shearer, former Australian National Security Adviser, said Chinese President Xi Jinping appeared to be planning to dominate the Indo-Pacific region and use it as a base to overtake the US as the world’s leading power. Mr Shearer said: "We’re going to have to work much harder to maintain the liberal quality of the rules-based order in Europe and here in the Indo-Pacific region." In reference to Mr Xi, he added: "We see a leader who’s really battening down and hardening his country for this struggle to overtake the United States as the world’s leading power."  