Jonathan Sacerdoti, who frequently discusses royal affairs on Sky News, suggested that Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie are the perfect examples of the modern Monarchy. He told Express.co.uk this week: “I think that's an important symbol of the fact that, in today's age, most people necessarily support the idea of a very large extended family working only as royals. “I think an important part of the Royal Family maintaining its support among the nation is that it's seen to pull its weight.” READ MORE: 'Don't put a foot wrong' Beatrice and Eugenie keen to avoid 'embarrassing' Royal Family He explained: “Both in the working Royal Family and for those who are outside it, to pull their weight in a way that doesn't embarrass the family – that does show their own value to society and their own interest in some level of self-sufficiency and what-have-you. “And I think that they, generally speaking, Beatrice and Eugenie, do seem to keep that balance quite well.” Daughters of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, Beatrice and Eugenie are 10th and 12th in line to the throne respectively. Yet neither of the sisters are full-time working royals and both have jobs outside the Firm. Beatrice is vice president of Partnerships and Strategy at software company Afiniti, while Eugenie, holds a directing position at art gallery Hauser and Wirth and also works with several charities. However, the sisters do make appearances at royal events and perform some public engagements. Mr Sacerdoti said: “I think they don't tend to put a foot wrong in terms of embarrassing the family. “And yet where they're involved in the family, they seem to act appropriately and respectfully. “And I think in their recent public appearances, we've seen exactly that that they do, do and say the right things and go to the right places and are seen pretty much as they should be.” DON'T MISS: Beatrice and Eugenie’s incredible fortune explored [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be allowed to carry out charity work? [VOTE]Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life' [LATEST] Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk last month that the York sisters would be "assets" as working royals. She said: “I do think the two princesses would be assets as working royals. “There is a definite shortage of ‘princesses of the blood’, only Anne and Alexandra. Anne is approaching 73 and Alexandra is 85.” So what do YOU think? Should Beatrice and Eugenie be included in a slimmed-down monarchy? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.