August will potentially see the introduction of a handful of new rules which could massively affect their driving patterns, and could see some return to the road. January saw the introduction of a major overhaul of the Highway Code to make roads safer, while drivers were warned of new traffic fines in May. In July, Wales announced that it would be slashing average speed limits on restricted roads from 30mph to 20mph. Towns in Oxfordshire are also adopting the changes to reduce noise and air pollution and make roads safer. Witney, a town 12 miles west of Oxford, announced it would take advantage of a council-led scheme to implement the speed limit changes, with more towns potentially setting out their intentions in August. READ MORE: Driver hit with parking note from angry neighbour after blocking road Consultation results for the London Ultra Low Emission Zone may also be released this month, following the end of a public call at the end of July. The ULEZ is expected to be expanded on August 29, 2023, with almost the whole of the capital expected to be included in the new boundary. London Mayor Sadiq Khan has praised the expansion proposals, saying it would further the attempt to slash emissions in and around the capital. DON'T MISSElectric car charger installation may end up in 'potential disaster' [WARNING]'Reduces fuel you use': Drivers should drive with item in back seat [INSIGHT]Blue Badge holders face parking fines in Europe due to Brexit issue [SHOCKING] There might be light at the end of the tunnel for British expats living in Spain as Spanish and UK officials confirmed negotiations would continue in August. In May, it was announced that British expats in Spain would be banned from driving using their DVLA-issued UK driving licence. On Facebook, the UK Embassy in Spain confirmed talks would continue this month following productive meetings this week. It is hoped that expats will have a six-month period to exchange their UK licence for a Spanish one without having to take a test. During this time, they will be able to drive using their UK licence. The agreement will apply to anyone holding a UK licence, whether they were in Spain before the end of 2020 or whether they move in the future. The Embassy did acknowledge that it would be impossible to give an exact date and would continue to provide updates. The Transport Select Committee has set August 22 as the last day for evidence to be submitted as part of its inquiry into self-driving vehicles. The Department for Transport unveiled its plans in April for Britain to become a leader in autonomous technology, and create a “self-driving revolution”. As part of the call for evidence, the Committee requested information on the likely uses of self-driving cars as well as the progress of trials, potential implications and any safety concerns.