This benefit payment is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and is available to those on the state pension who are on low income. It gives extra money to pensioners which helps with their living and housing costs with extra help being available to those who are carers or disabled. However, recipients of Pension Credit risk losing their state pension boost if they fail to report life changes to the DWP. This is because how much someone gets from the Government could be dependent on their specific life circumstances. Someone’s claim may be stopped or reduced if a serious change in circumstances is not reported immediately. However, it is also possible that some changes will increase the amount of Pension Credit a claimant will get. There are multiple life changes which must be reported by benefit claimants to the DWP as soon as possible. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out  These can include changes to someone’s income or expenses, such as housing costs, benefits, pensions, savings and investments. Anyone who needs to report life changes to the DWP can do so via the Pension Credit helpline on 0800 731 0469. Those who fail to sufficiently report any of the above changes to the department may be taken to court. Alternatively, Pension Credit claimants could risk being given a financial penalty if they give inaccurate information or fail to report to the DWP. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments As it stands, eligible state pensioners see their weekly income topped up to £182.60 if they're single. If they have a partner, which includes spouses and civil partners, their joint weekly income is increased to £278.70. In light of the cost of living crisis, pensioners are being urged to check their eligibility for Pension Credit with the DWP. Caroline Abrahams, the charity director at Age UK, explained: “There are so many good reasons to put in a claim for Pension Credit. “Many older people are reliant on the state pension as their main source of income and just don’t have the flex in their finances to cope with the escalating cost of living. “Putting in a successful claim could not only give a significant boost to your weekly income, it also opens the door to a wealth of extra support including help with energy bills. “We know that around three quarters of a million pensioners are missing out on this important benefit at the moment, so we are urging anyone who is experiencing any financial issues whatsoever to put in a claim without delay. “The sooner people act, the sooner they will find out if they are eligible for some of the additional financial help that is now available which could have a life-changing impact on their finances over the coming months.”