The Duke of Sussex truly wanted to "have a family" and has found happiness with Meghan Markle, according to Prince Harry's friend Ignacio 'Nacho' Figueras. The polo player and model joined Harry on Thursday in Aspen, Colorado, to take part in a charity polo tournament raising funds and awareness for Sentebale. Following the round robin competition, won by the Duke and Mr Figueras' team, the polo player spoke about his friend and how he has got what he had ardently desired for years. Mr Figueras told People magazine: "[My wife] Delfi and I have known Harry for a very long time. "I know firsthand how much he wanted to have a family. "He found an amazing teammate, or partner, in Meghan. "They love each other very much; their children are lovely." He added: "Being able to be with them for the last two months only made me happier — seeing them be a lovely family with their kids and their dogs, and that's really what he always wanted. I'm very happy for them." Indeed, Harry had publicly spoken in the past about wanting to create a family. In an interview with the same US magazine seven years ago, prior to his meeting with Meghan, the Duke had said: "There have been moments through life, especially when we do a tour abroad, when I think, ‘I’d love to have kids now'." READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview The Duke also conceded children can be trying at times, adding: "And then there are other times when I bury my head in the sand going, ‘All right, don’t need kids!’ "There’s no rush. I think... I tell you what: There’s been times I’ve been put off having children." One year later, during a conversation with podcast host Bryony Gordon, he said: "Of course, I would love to have kids." Mr Figueras also spoke about how Harry's decision to join his Los Padres polo team based in Santa Barbara has benefitted their friendship, as they now get to "spend a lot of time together on the field, off the field with our families". Harry first joined the Los Padres in a match in May. But he has been in the same team with Mr Figueras to raise funds and awareness for Sentebale for several years now. Following the end of the tournament, the polo player took to his Instagram account to share a snap of himself shaking hands with Harry while in their white and blue Sentebale Team polo gears. He wrote: "What a blessing to be able to do what you love, with the people you love while helping others. "Proud of the support we are able to give the young people of Lesotho and Botswana to feel empowered, healthy, resilient, and able to thrive. The Duke and Prince Seeiso co-founded the charity in 2006, launching its first operation in the small kingdom of Lesotho. Following a decade of successful work with children and young people whose lives had been affected by HIV and AIDS, the charity expanded to Botswana. Harry has continued to support Sentebale even after he and Meghan stepped down as working royals in late March 2020. Next month, the Duke and Duchess will head back to the UK to attend some events hosted by organisations they are close to. They are not expected to take their children Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana with them. Meghan will deliver a speech at the One Young World, with which she has been collaborating since 2014. On September 6, Harry and Meghan will fly to Germany to kick-start the countdown to the next Invictus Games, taking place in September 2023 in Dusseldorf. And on September 8 they will be in London for the WellChild Awards, hosted by the WellChild organisation of which Harry has been the patron since 2007.