Crime drama fans are used to seeing Adrian Dunbar as Superintendent Ted Hastings in Line of Duty but the actor swapped the BBC for ITV in Ridley. While he was on form as a detective, it was Adrian’s singing which really had viewers talking on Twitter. Adrian stars as retired detective Alex Ridley, who returns to the fold when his former colleague DI Carol Farman (played by Bronagh Waugh) asked for help with a murder case. While Ridley helped Carol with her investigation, he was also seen stopping by a local bar. It was later revealed he had ties to the bar as he had invested in the venue, a jazz club called Marling’s. When he stopped by early on in the episode, manager Annie (Julie Graham) asked Ridley to perform at the weekend. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview While he was initially reluctant, by the end of the episode, Adrian’s character Ridley could be seen performing The Mountains of Mourne and Coles Corner. His singing surprised many ITV viewers with Shirley exclaiming: “#Ridley wow, Adrian Dunbar singing fabulous version of #ColesCorner #RichardHawley love it.” “Loving Adrian Dunbar singing voice in #Ridley Excellent new drama getting me hooked!” tweeted Liz Gallagher. Harmony Lloyd shared: “Adrian Dunbar singing has melted my heart #Ridley.” Unfortunately not everyone was so impressed by the actor’s crooning with Mark Scales joking: “It’s a crime drama; but they ran out of story so now we have #AdrianDunbar singing an epilogue #Ridley.” “Oh God, he’s singing again #Ridley,” Anthony James complained. Susan Seddon was equally baffled, tweeting: “The singing scene at the end of the episode, looked like it could easily be a music video for Adrian #Ridley.” Ahead of the first episode, Adrian spoke about showcasing his talent to ITV viewers. DON'T MISS...Ridley slammed over 'predictable' storyline as fans 'work out' plot [REACTION]Ridley filming location: Where was Ridley on ITV filmed? [INSIGHT]Ridley episode 1 cast: Who is in the ITV series? [EXPLAINER] The actor told Express.co.uk he felt it would help his character: “I think it helped me resolve where I was putting my grief, I was putting my grief into the music. “Also what became apparent was whereas he is trying to keep everybody off him, he's trying to stop everybody going in there with him, when he does come across a victim of a crime that allows him to share that. “He's got a real empathy for the other people who are in grief around him because of what has happened to him. "That was an interesting thing we found, it's difficult to know how to show that stuff and where you can show it.” Adrian wasn’t nervous about singing either as he admitted it’s “something I’ve done quite a bit”. The star explained he put together a band when he was in his 40s and the group went out on the road to perform in bars and pubs. He added he didn’t think of Ridley’s singing “as an add on” but was “very integrated” in the storyline. Ridley airs Sunday on ITV from 8pm.