  Lisa Faulkner, 50, has given some insight into how she feels about Celebrity MasterChef spoilers from John Torode, 57, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The star insisted that knowing the results ahead of time would “ruin” the show for her, and that she makes sure she gets no inside intel from her husband ahead of time, as she still “has a lot of love” for the series.      Lisa spoke to Express.co.uk about her family life with John as part of a wider interview about encouraging families to be more connected during meal times. The star has teamed up with cracker company Carr’s to help create some tasty recipes that will hopefully spark conversations and deter families from looking at their phones during dinner. Lisa and John are a real power couple when it comes to cooking shows, with John having hosted MasterChef since 2005 and Lisa winning the celebrity version of the series in 2010. Since then, they have coupled up on camera as well as in real life to co-present John and Lisa's Weekend Kitchen, which launched on ITV in 2019. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life    Speaking about Celebrity MasterChef, which is currently in its 17th series, Lisa revealed how she felt about receiving spoilers from John. Asked if her husband ever let things slip, she admitted: “The thing is that I could probe him, but I never want to because it just ruins it. “Sometimes I know certain things, just because I come to judge the show sometimes, so I’ve seen people or there are people you vaguely know who are on it. “But no, I never ever want to find out what happens because it’s so exciting to watch!”     Lisa went on to share how much she is enjoying the current series, which includes celebs like Strictly Come Dancing’s Katya Jones, GB News presenter Kirsty Gallacher and Call the Midwife’s Cliff Parisi. “I am watching!” she confirmed. “I’m really, really liking it. I liked Danny and Fay in the first round, and then Cliff and Melanie have been amazing. “I really like Cliff - I just think he seems like such a lovely guy and he’s fun to watch and I think Melanie is just smashing it.” Elsewhere in the interview, Lisa opened up about her home life with John and their blended family. READ MORE... Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [UPDATE] TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [LATEST] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [UPDATE]       When it comes to dinner time, the pair take eating at the table pretty seriously, with Lisa joking it was a good time to book in some “proper conversation” with their teenage children. The former Brookside actress is mother to 15-year-old daughter Billie Coghill, who she adopted with her first husband Chris Coghill in 2008. Meanwhile, John has grown-up children Casper and Marselle from his first marriage to Jessica Torode, and teenagers from another relationship, Jonah, 17, and Lulu, 15. Lisa revealed that the family rarely indulged in a takeaway or TV dinner, but that they instead made a real effort when it came to meal times. Speaking about how we are “all guilty of not spending enough time away from our phones”, Lisa explained how she hoped to encourage more sociable mealtimes with her new Carr’s creations.      She explained how a recent study had shown 48 per cent of UK adults are resorting to texts and social media over face-to-face contact with friends and family. The study by Carr’s revealed that this is especially true at the dinner table, with almost two thirds (64 per cent) of people admitting to having their phone out during meals, which potentially leads to just a tenth (12 per cent) of connections over the dinner table resulting in meaningful conversations. Lisa’s series of ‘Sharing Plates’ are designed to encourage meaningful conversations around the dinner table. These include a nostalgia-themed Coronation chicken dish, dressed Crab & Apple for holiday moments and double-handed snacks like barbecued steak & leek, which make it physically impossible for you to pick up your phone. Revealing that two thirds of Brits use a phone during meals, Carr's is encouraging the nation to enjoy more meaningful hosting moments, working with Lisa Faulkner to create recipes that help to eliminate distractions and encourage conversation with friends and family.   