According to the Techne UK/ Express.co.uk tracker poll Ms Truss now has the backing of 60 percent (up four) of Tory voters compared to just 33 percent (down three) for Mr Sunak. It also appears that her surge to power is helping the Conservatives in the polls with Labour’s lead cut for the fourth week in a row to just four points from five last week. Sources in Ms Truss’s campaign were delighted with the latest polling evidence tonight that she is on the verge of victory after fighting a campaign based around “optimism” and tax cuts compared to Mr Sinak’s more cautious economic plan. A source close to Ms Truss said: “Liz is bringing a positive message, connecting with members and showcasing her vision to govern as a conservative. “There is a long way to go, but what is clear is that Liz is the only person who can beat Labour.” Among voters in general Ms Truss also has a strong lead with 43 per cent (up two) to Sunak's 27 per cent (down two). Meanwhile, with Sir Keir Starmer only just coming back from holiday, Labour’s lead has gone down from 12 per cent in the week Boris Johnson resigned to a mere four per cent tonight. The latest findings has Labour at 39 per cent (no change) while the Conservatives are up one to 35 per cent. The findings may fuel speculation that there could be an early election after the new Prime Minister is officially decided on September 5. If the Tories can get ahead of Labour with a new leader bounce then they may push to get the new administration its own mandate. A poll by Techne UK for Express.co.uk last week showed that voters back the new Prime Minister holding an early election to get their own mandate. However, the overall polling also reveals that there is still almost a third of voters who have yet to be convinced by any of the parties. Currently, 21 percent say they would not vote while 11 per cent are “uncertain” who they would vote for.  It means that the new Tory leader has a lot to play for in an election with Labour still unable to convince voters that they can form an alternative government. Only 45 percent of those polled said they would definitely vote with 2016 Remainers (63 per cent) more likely to vote than 2016 Leave supporters (52 per cent). Techne UK chief executive Michela Morizzo said: "Whilst we are only into the second full week of the Leadership election our regular poll of Conservative supporters continues to show ongoing support and momentum for Liz Truss and her candidacy for Prime Minister. "This week the Truss lead has grown by seven points, now representing a significant 27 point lead over Rishi Sunak. Whilst any election is not over until the final ballot is cast, it very much looks as if the Liz Truss lead has now become unassailable." Techne UK polled 1,624 people on August 10 and 11. 