The Ferrari great suffered severe head injuries in a skiing accident in December 2013 just months after retiring from motor racing. Since then his family has been caring for him at home. The seven-times F1 World Champion was recently honoured by a German state which bestowed upon him its prestigious State Prize of North Rhine-Westphalia. Schumacher's wife Corinna Schumacher, 53, and their daughter Gina Schumacher, 25, attended the award ceremony in Cologne where former FIA President Jean Todt, paid tribute to her confidant. She said: "We were an unbeatable team. Michael loved to work and the team loved to work for him. We miss him. "Michael has a wonderful family. His wife Corinna - like my wife Michelle - is one of the strongest women I know."  The F1 giant's wife makes sure he gets the best medical care and is with his family as much as possible, according to the German magazine Colorful. It reports Schumacher has been flown by helicopter to the family's villa in Mallorca. The Schumachers have also bought 50,000 sqm of land near the town of Port Andratx on the island's west coast at a cost of £2.4million (€2.8million), according to the same publication. A villa rented by the family for a number of years is nearby.  READ MORE ABOUT A TEEN STABBED IN A LEAFY TOWN IN SOMERSET It is in addition to the Schumachers' ranch in Switzerland, which according to Colorful, enjoys a "legendary reputation" on the equestrian scene. The Mallorca purchase has led some to speculate the family might organise competitions on the island, which has been a Schumacher favourite for years. News of the award comes after the Schumachers issued a rare statement to mark the legend's 50th birthday and update his legions of fans. The family said in a statement at the time: "You can be sure that he is in the very best of hands and that we are doing everything humanly possible to help him.  DON'T MISS: High cholesterol: Two facial signs that increase risk of early death [REVEALED] Record number of migrants cross English Channel in single day [LATEST] Putin 'eating handily' into Moscow reserves as Russia on brink [REPORT] "Please understand if we are following Michael’s wishes and keeping such a sensitive subject as health, as it has always been, in privacy." In September, Corinna said her husband is "different" but he "is here". She said: "He still shows me how strong he is every day. "We live together at home. We do therapy. We do everything we can to make Michael better and to make sure he's comfortable. And to simply make him feel our family, our bond.  "And no matter what, I will do everything I can. We all will. We're trying to carry on as a family, the way Michael liked it and still does. And we are getting on with our lives. "'Private is private', as he always said. It's very important to me that he can continue to enjoy his private life as much as possible. "Michael always protected us, and now we are protecting Michael."  Schumacher won his first two titles with Benetton in 1994 and 1995 before motoring to victory with five in a row with Ferrari between 2000-2004. He was the sport’s most successful driver with 91 grand prix wins until Lewis Hamilton took the record. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 