Gaten Matarazzo became a breakout star for his plucky portrayal of Dustin Henderson in the past four seasons of Stranger Things. With the smash-hit Netflix show gearing up for one more final outing, Gaten has already started setting his sights on what’s next for his career once the battle for Hawkins comes to an end. One of Stranger Things’ biggest stars is hoping to portray a completely different character once his fight against the Upside Down comes to an end. Dustin was put through the wringer yet again this time round and was forced to say a tearful goodbye to his friend Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn) after his gruesome yet heroic death. Thankfully, there’s just one more outing to come before the Hawkins gang puts an end to the Upside Down’s invasion once and for all. Once Netflix’s internationally successful streaming series reaches its final conclusion, Gaten is hoping to take on some new opportunities in the next stage of his career. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold “I don’t really focus on genres,” the Stranger Things star explained. “If I like a character and I like the script, then I’ll go for it.” The young actor is already expanding his capabilities by starring in a new romantic-comedy film, Honor Society, with Angourie Rice. Now out on Paramount+, the film features Angourie as ambitious senior Honor, whose plans to secure a place at Harvard backfire when she falls for one of her competitors, Michael (Gaten). Having already swapped nostalgic sci-fi for high school rom-com, Gaten is keen to try his hand at a number of different roles and genres when his schedule opens up. He told TV Insider: “I would love to expand when it comes to genres. “I’d love to play new characters. I like a challenge. I like something that’s going to be different from what I’ve done before. “So I’m hoping that anything that comes along next is quite different from Michael and Dustin.” DON'T MISS:Anne Hegerty addresses possibility of new Chasers 'Hope not!' [EXCLUSIVE]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon announces next project [LATEST]P-Valley’s Mercedes star shares struggles away from Starz drama [INTERVIEW] After impressing viewers with his first main role in Stranger Things, Gaten’s first venture into live-action features has also proven successful. “I think in a fun way, it’s just honest about the way that teenagers think and act around each other, which is really interesting and really rare,” he said of the film. “Of course, there’s a lot of absurdity. It’s a teen comedy, it’s a teen rom-com. So it’s going to break the laws of social physics in some aspects. “But for the most part, it felt like I was playing real people, that I was acting around real people, which is really fun.” Honor Society would have certainly provided a welcome break from Gaten’s special effects-laden stint in Hawkins. Outside the world of Stranger Things, Gaten has also played host for Netflix’s hidden camera comedy series, Prank Encounters. He also has voice roles in upcoming animated projects My Father’s Dragon, with Judy Greer and Ian McShane, and Hump, with Simon Pegg. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.