Never Have I Ever has returned for a third outing on Netflix and subscribers couldn't be more excited for new episodes. The dramedy has welcomed a couple of new faces to the season three cast, including actor Deacon Phillippe as Parker but who is he? Here's everything you need to know about Philippe and his famous family. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Never Have I Ever. A lot has changed in Never Have I Ever with a new love interest for Devi (played by Maitreyi Ramakrishnan) to consider. This time, it's Des (Anirudh Pisharody) the son of her mum Nalini’s (Poorna Jagannathan) new friend who Devi meets at a party. Through Des, she meets his friend Parker (Deacon Phillippe) who is also a member of her school's rival debate team. While Parker made a lasting impression, it is no surprise as talent clearly runs in the family. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen Phillippe is the 18-year-old son of actress and producer Reese Witherspoon who has famously starred in Legally Blonde, Little Fires Everywhere, Walk the Line and Big Little Lies. She is also the founder of the production company Hello Sunshine which is behind the likes of films Gone Girl and Wild.Phillippe's dad is Witherspoon's ex-husband and Cruel Intentions co-star Ryan Phillippe. He is best known for playing Billy Douglas in One Life to Live and appearing in various films like 54 and I Know What You Did Last Summer. Never Have I Ever is young Phillippe's first TV role as he has so far been mostly focusing on his music career. He shared a link to the SoundCloud version of his album which Witherspoon proudly shared on her own page. Including a picture of the album cover and a picture of a young Deacon covered in paint, she wrote: "Listening on repeat! "I love watching you create music and putting your thoughts/heart/ideas into the world." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [THEORY]The Sandman author pays tribute to Dream star Tom Sturridge [TRIBUTE]Free Netflix streams on rise amid price hikes, cost of living crisis [EXPLAINER] At the premiere for Never Have I Ever season three, creator Mindy Kaling explained to Variety why she chose to cast Phillippe as Parker. She told Variety: "We were breaking the season and there was this role that seemed like it would be perfect for Deacon. “He’s obviously so talented and he’s great-looking, and we just thought he would be great and he was excited to come and do it. "He’s just such a well-raised kid. He’s so talented, he’s so funny and fits in perfectly with the cast. "The cast and the crew loved him and it was special to have him.” While season three has just dropped on Netflix, fans are eager to know about the show's future. Thankfully, it has already been renewed for a fourth outing on the streaming service. However, Never Have I Ever is coming to an end as series four has been confirmed as its last. Never Have I Ever seasons 1-3 are available to watch on Netflix now.