A police horse has died after collapsing at Notting Hill Carnival in West London. The Metropolitan Police confirmed on Sunday night that the horse was pronounced dead at the scene after falling ill at around 9pm.     The force also revealed an investigation is due to start to examine the cause of the horse's death. The Metropolitan Police said: "At around 21:00hrs, a police horse on duty at Notting Hill Carnival collapsed. "Officers provided emergency care, but the horse sadly died at the scene. "It is too early to determine the cause of death.  "An investigation will now follow. "Officers form a very close bond with the animals they serve alongside. "Our thoughts are with all our mounted branch colleagues tonight." The Notting Hill Carnival has returned this year for the first time since 2019 due to a hiatus caused by Covid restrictions. READ MORE: Homes to sit empty ‘for a very long time’ in event of market crash It originally emerged as a response to the 1958 Notting Hill race riots by the Caribbean community based upon traditional carnivals that took place in Trinidad. Metropolitan Police public order teams spent months preparing for the event with organisers, Notting Hill Ltd and local authorities, including the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea and Westminster City Council. At this year's festival, the force has outreach officers at the carnival in order to listen to the public and respond to any concerns they may have. These teams also include officers from the Safer Neighbourhoods Teams, Territorial Support Group and the Roads and Transport Policing Command. DON'T MISS: Former gangland boss says UK economic crisis behind violent crimewave [REVEAL] Have your say: Could the UK survive financially without North Sea oil? [INSIGHT] Expert reveals 'only way' Britons can reduce energy bills [SPOTLIGHT]  It comes as the Metropolitan Police have so far made 38 arrests at the event. According to the force, the arrests include offences such as drug possession, criminal damage and possession of an offensive weapon. There were also 10 arrests for assault and two for sexual assault. Dr Alison Heydari, Commander of Local Policing, said: “Being able to attend Carnival in person has been sorely missed for the last couple of years, so we are expecting large crowds in the Notting Hill area this weekend. “We are looking forward to policing the event and being amongst the communities who visit year in and year out, contributing to the celebration across the bank holiday." 