In recent weeks, BBC bosses have confirmed which celebrities will be taking part in this year's Strictly Come Dancing 2022. Helen Skelton, who is renowned for hosting farming programmes including the likes of Countryfile, will be swapping her wellies for ballroom shoes as she takes to the dancefloor in the hopes of winning the Glitterball trophy. However, the mum-of-three could be the centre of a "fix" row when the competition begins as it was revealed Helen won a dance competition when she was a teenager. In an interview in 2016, Helen was asked in an interview to reveal a secret about herself. She told The Sun on Sunday: “I won a Ken Dodd tap-dance award when I was 17. “Not a lot of people know this, but I’m very good at tap dancing. People are often amazed I can tap dance.” READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 Despite her admission about dancing, Helen hit back at claims she can dance. Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live last week, the presenter said: “People keep saying, ‘Can you dance?’ "And I say, ‘No’ because isn’t it the point to learn to dance?” Helen also admitted she feels nervous over the thought of taking part in Strictly. "I feel sick when I hear the theme tune," she explained. "I just wanted to wear nice dresses. I work on farms. I watch cows give birth and stand in wellies. "I can’t decide whether it’s the best or worst thing I have ever agreed to. And I haven’t even started yet." Shortly after Helen was announced as the final celebrity to be taking part, she spoke with Claudia Winkleman on her BBC Radio 2 show. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [VIDEO]Question of Sport backlash as Paddy announces change to show [REACTION]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [SPOILERS] She told the Strictly host: "I literally only said yes the other day... I did the Christmas one years and years ago and the hair, make-up and costumes were incredible. "Who gets to go to work and be made to look a bit like Beyoncé and have a fun time? "So I just thought 'This is madness to not do it, of course, I should do it, it'll be so much fun.'" Joining Helen in the 2022 competition are Coronation Street stars Will Mellor and Kym Marsh. Loose Women presenter Kaye Adams and X Factor star Fleur East are also among the line-up. BBC bosses are yet to announce who Helen will be paired with on the show. However, after following professional Neil Jones on social media, some fans have put two and two together, and believe the duo will be partnered up. Strictly Come Dancing begins on September 17 on BBC One.