It comes as MPs and frontline agencies flocked to back the Daily Express's plea to end soaring child poverty and hunger. Last week we launched our Stop Child Hunger Now crusade to help prevent hard-up families and their children going without. Their plight has been worsened by the cost-of-living crisis and the free school meals lifeline ending for the summer break. Experts warn of a tsunami of misery unless No 10 brings in measures to address heartrending stories of child deprivation and parental sacrifice. Laurence Guinness, CEO of The Childhood Trust, a London-based anti-poverty charity, accused the Government of failing to tackle the "root causes of poverty". He warned that "hunger doesn't take a holiday" and called on ministers "to provide immediate extra crisis support for disadvantaged children and to develop coherent and sustainable policies that directly tackle child poverty". Meanwhile, the charity Children North East said many families face "significant challenges... not just right here right now but the fear of what's to come". Luke Bramhall, its head of young people's services, said: "Not knowing how they are going to survive, not knowing how they are going to get through the winter, stay warm. That's true of people both in and out of work." Mr Bramhall said summer holidays were a "particular problem". He added: "We know there is pressure on families around the costs associated with childcare and the social pressures of being able to provide opportunities and things to do. That period running up to September is also one of the most expensive times for families." Backing our campaign, Labour MP Sir Stephen Timms said: "Child poverty shames us. "Last year, my all-party committee found childhood poverty to be linked with poorer educational outcomes, higher infant mortality, mental ill-health, obesity, chronic illness, and a much higher risk of death in early adulthood. "We called for a cross-government strategy to reduce child poverty. The current government, unfortunately, didn't agree. We hope the new one will." Labour's Catherine McKinnell called child poverty rates "an absolute scandal". She warned, "the cost-of-living crisis will see even more pushed into poverty". When autumn energy bills rocket, many scraping by before will now face impossible choices. This winter, when a child is shivering and hungry, parents who can't afford both food and heat have to skip meals. This is why the Daily Express campaign is so vital. We have helped set up food pantries and supported baby banks. The Magic Breakfast charity makes sure children get a healthy start every day. The situation is desperate and ministers need to do more - fast. That's why we want a Children's Cost of Living Package: at least double the planned emergency support announced in May, a £10 Universal Credit child increase and an end to the benefit cap which means some families do not get what they're entitled to. No child should be too hungry to learn. This current crisis threatens to have a lasting impact on our children.