  Rapper and ex-footballer Takayo Nembhard, who was known by the name TKorStretch, has died at the age of 21. The star was stabbed at Notting Hill Carnival on Monday and later died of his injuries in hospital.     The rapper was stabbed under the Westway flyover in Ladbroke Grove, west London, on Monday at around 8pm. Ambulance services were called to the scene, where paramedics fought to save the young artist as he was rushed to hospital. Takayo was later pronounced dead, and tributes have since been pouring in from friends on social media. The star’s manager Chris Patrick  took to his Instagram to share the devastating news with his 10.8K followers. READ MORE: Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview    Chris included a few pictures of Takayo, writing: “2 years ago a young 19 Year old man came from Bristol to meet me at my Studio with his dad, his name was Takayo Nembhard AKA TKorStretch. “That meeting took us on a journey…we recorded some great music together. “His talent was endless and I can tell you guys he was close to greatness! “So it’s with a heavy heart that I bring the news that Takayo (TKorStretch) passed away last night.”      “He came from Bristol to simply have a good time at the London carnival and this is the end result! “My deepest condolences to TK’s Mother & Father his Brother, 2 Sisters, Girlfriend and child that will never meet his father! “TK was a good kid, a good guy and what has happened breaks my heart… Rest in peace my friend.” (sic) Many of the star’s followers commented “RIP” below, while Steven Bakopoulos wrote: “So sad so talented my son produced a few songs for him I had spoken to him he told me my son was talented that meant a lot.” (sic)  READ MORE... Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire [NEWS] Pierce Brosnan's response as friends offered wife weight loss surgery [NEWS] 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [LATEST]       Louise Parker added: “Devastated for his family . My son had so much respect for you tk. Rip.” (sic) In addition, Chris gave an official statement to the PA news agency, which read: "As you can imagine we are all in shock. "He went to Carnival with his younger sister and friends to have a good time. "This is the worst possible ending for a talented kid."     Takayo’s manager also described how the young star had been “close to greatness”. At just 21, the rapper had more than 300,000 plays on one of his songs on Spotify, and nearly 11,000 monthly listeners. A murder investigation has been launched after the stabbing on Monday night. Several other stabbings and violent incidents were also reported to the police, Sky News reports.   