Tom Harding took the Foreign Secretary to task over a proposal to end national pay deals for public sector workers outside London. Ms Truss on Monday had vowed to wage "war on Whitehall waste" with plans to save £8.8billion a year by linking civil servants' pay to the standard of living where they work. The proposal came under fire with critics claiming it would mean wage cuts for nurses, teachers and police officers. Mr Harding challenged Ms Truss on Thursday night's broadcast, saying: "Why announce a well researched and fully costed policy in which you said you valued the work of teachers, nurses and police officers in Newcastle, where I work, less than you value those in Guildford, for example? "We're having this election because of poor judgment and trust. Why should we trust your judgment?" Ms Truss replied: "The reason I decided immediately not to pursue that policy is it was being misinterpreted. In fact, in exactly the way you said, because it wasn't about teachers or nurses or doctors. Immediately, as there were concerns expressed about this policy, I said we're not going ahead with it... It wasn't a core part of my policy plank."  Asked if she would apologise over a press statement which Mr Harding said showed the policy would be expanded beyond the civil service, Ms Truss said: "I have been clear that I will not go ahead with this policy... I have been up front about that. I don't think there is anything to be ashamed of [in] saying publicly this is not working as I wanted it to work and therefore I have changed the position on it." Mr Harding later tweeted: "The answer says all we needed to know - not to be trusted." But his involvement in Sky's programme, billed as involving undecided Conservative Party members, came under fire after tweets emerged which appeared to show Mr Harding's support for Tory leadership rival Rishi Sunak. In a series of tweets on July 20, Mr Harding said the final candidates in the leadership race "are not the best talents we have", adding: "If the party votes Truss then we deserve opposition. I’ll be using my vote for Rishi."  READ MORE ABOUT A THERAPY DOG BEING MAULED Former Tory MEP David Bannerman tweeted: "So this gent on [Sky News's] debate tonight - is he the same guy who was on [BBC Question Time] 2 months back where he said he only wanted to stay as a member to get rid of Boris? Pro Rishi surely? Thought they were meant to be neutral?" Hours after the debate was broadcast GB News presenter Tom Harwood shared a story labelling Mr Harding "anti-Liz". Mr Harwood said: "People are of course allowed to be partisan of course - it's right candidates face robust challenges! Just Sky News probably shouldn't say their audience was undecided Tories if they weren't undecided Tories." To which Mr Harding replied: "To be fair Tom, some of us were undecided, some of us were for candidates - that was known to us. Feels a little odd for folks to be shouting at me for going on a show in the normal way, asking a question and being called bias…"  DON'T MISS: Soham murderer Ian Huntley revealed horrific details [REPORT] Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event [REVEALED] Real reason Queen silent on Meghan Markle's birthday [LATEST] Mr Harding also appeared on BBC Question Time in June during which presenter Fiona Bruce asked him if he questioned his support for the Conservatives. He answered: "The only reason I'm a member of the party now is to get rid of Boris Johnson." In 2019, Mr Harding defended Ms Soubry's decision to quit the Conservative Party. He also supported her campaign for Remain in 2016. Mr Harding and Sky have been approached for comment. During Sky's debate, Ms Truss told audience members recession is not inevitable. Her comments came after a bleak set of economic forecasts from the Bank of England, which included inflation rising to 13 percent and a warning the country's economy is heading for the longest recession since the 2008 financial crisis.  Ms Truss told the studio audience: "What the Bank of England have said today is of course extremely worrying but it is not inevitable. We can change the outcome and we can make it more likely that the economy grows." The Foreign Secretary said she wanted to keep taxes low and "do all we can to grow the economy by taking advantage of our post-Brexit freedom, unleashing investment, changing things like the procurement rules and doing things differently". She added: "Now is the time to be bold, because if we don't act now, we are headed for very, very difficult times." However, Conservative MP Mel Stride, who chairs the Commons Treasury Committee, warned large-scale, unfunded tax cuts could make the problem "very significantly worse" and insisted a "measured" approach was required.  The former chancellor claimed his rival would further drive up interest rates, thus raising mortgage payments, with her plans. A Sunak supporter, Mr Stride, told the BBC: "What we must do now is avoid stoking the inflation and making the problem even worse. "One of the ways you can make the problem very significantly worse is by coming forward with large-scale, tens of billions of pounds' worth, of unfunded tax cuts." He added: "The big decision, fiscally, here is around tax. You have to do it in a measured way and at the right time but not start coming forward with tens of billions of unfunded tax cuts right now. "I think that would be really quite dangerous." 