Arsenal legend Thierry Henry has already unveiled his thoughts on Wolves winger Pedro Neto amid links with a move to the Emirates Stadium. Wolves' pursuit of Valencia forward Goncalo Guedes has potentially opened the door for Neto's exit, and Arsenal are reported suitors. The Gunners are understood to hold a long-term interest in Neto, who registered eight goals and nine assists in his first two Premier League seasons before enduring an injury-ridden 2021/22 campaign. And Mikel Arteta has admitted he hopes to add to his squad before the summer transfer deadline. One person who would likely welcome Neto - valued at £29million on transfermarkt - to north London is none other than Arsenal's record goalscorer Henry. There is no greater Arsenal-based endorsement than from the Premier League-winning forward, who netted 228 times during his illustrious stint at the club. And he made his thoughts on the 22-year-old clear almost 18 months ago. In March 2021, Henry appeared on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football coverage for Liverpool's 1-0 win at Wolves. During a discussion with Jamie Carragher, the French icon heaped praise on Neto for his confidence on the ball and crossing and finishing abilities. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag warned he could lose Man Utd dressing room with Ronaldo  He said: "I like him a lot. Especially the situation that he found himself in with [Raul] Jimenez being injured and Diogo Jota now playing for the other side tonight. It's not easy to have everything on your shoulders. What I like is he's not scared to beat people on the outside. "I like it. He can cross with his right, finish with his left. He's always looking to have a go and attack the defender - always on the front foot. It's not easy to do this at such a young age, in a team where you're not often in possession and dominating games. I think he's performed extremely well." READ MORE: Boehly's Chelsea promise is good news for Tuchel and hints at deals  Whether Arsenal will press on with attempts to bolster their attacking ranks further in the final few weeks of the summer window remains to be seen. Arteta has already splashed £50m to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City and £35m on FC Porto playmaker Fabio Viera, and most reports suggest a midfielder is his next priority. The Gunners' attack looked electric in their opening-night 2-0 triumph against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli and Jesus particularly impressed, but if the opportunity to snap up Neto arises this month, Arteta could move to bolster his options further.