The rising cost of living is affecting everyone with people on low incomes finding it more difficult to make ends meet than ever before. However, millions of people who rely on Universal Credit, Jobseekers Allowance and Pension Credit could claim 30 additional freebies which could save them thousands of pounds. Some 5.8 million people depend on state benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help them make ends meet. Almost half of them - 40 percent - are in work but receiving benefits to top up a low income. Energy bills have risen by more than 54 percent already this year with experts predicting the worst is yet to come. There has never been a more important time for Britons to check they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance could affect other benefits - don’t get caught out In the first instance, people who aren’t claiming should check if they qualify for Universal Credit or Pension credit. These benefits ensure people have a minimum income to survive financially and could also open up the door to additional help like free prescriptions and a free TV licence. Over a year it could save Britons thousands of pounds which would help ease the financial burden many are facing right now. People on benefits can often get their prescriptions for free as well as discounts on fuel bills and additional financial help if they have children. DON'T MISSUK recession warning: Britons urged to 'put money aside' [WARNING]State pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING] 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August:  Universal credit claimants should have already received their first £326 cost of living payment, with another due in the autumn. Everyone will receive a further £400 on top of this to help them pay soaring energy bills. Britons should start to receive this discount on their energy bills from October. An additional £150 comes in the form of a Council Tax discount which has already been paid to millions of families depending on where they live.     Universal Credit claimants can apply for a budgeting loan amounting to £812, if they are a couple with children. The lowest amount people can borrow is £100 but the maximum depends on someone’s circumstances. People can borrow: