Rylan Clark, 33, has blasted rumours that he is living with a man or embarking on a new relationship, declaring: "This isn't okay." The TV host is insistent that, following his marriage break-up, he has no intention of dating and is instead indulging in self-care "for a change". Rylan announced his split from partner Dan Neal last June, after six years of marriage. The break-up left him so traumatised that he struggled to eat, started shedding weight and resorted to sleeping in his mum's bed for comfort. He even contemplated leaving the entertainment industry permanently - but he has since embarked on a journey to recovery. The former Celebrity Big Brother star has now made it clear that this doesn't include romances with new men, despite photos that recently circulated showing him kissing Ex On The Beach star Declan Doyle. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win "I tried to ignore it but this isn’t ok," he exclaimed on Instagram. In view of his 1.5 million followers, he continued: "For the past few weeks there’s been stories regarding my 'relationship'. "I’ve stayed out of it, ignored it, but this is ridiculous. "I’m not in a relationship, haven’t been for over a year and have no intention to." He added determinedly: "I’m looking after myself for a change and it’s staying that way. "Hopefully this clears any fabricated stories up the past few weeks and to whoever is ‘selling’ them…… Take care." Meanwhile, Rylan's reps at Carver PR also issued a statement, which he attached on Instagram. The clarification was titled "In light of recent made up stories".  "We, nor Rylan, wish to comment on his private life. However on this occasion, we feel we need to," the message read. "There is absolutely no truth to this story or the many other stories that have run about this apparent 'relationship' in the past few weeks. "Rylan is single and lives on his own. "Any comments to the contrary are completely fabricated." @julielloyd62 encouraged his self-care mission, praising: "Good for you. We all need to look after ourselves first or we wouldn’t be able to look after others." @charl0ttesayshi echoed: "Your mental health is the most important thing & should always come first!" At the time of his marriage break-up, Rylan reported that he had made "mistakes" which had led to the relationship ending. Later, his mum Linda shared his concern that he was spiralling out of control, as she watched his weight plummet to just 9st. "I was crying all day with him, and I was forcing him to eat,” she told OK! magazine. Now Rylan has returned to the entertainment industry, and he appeared on a BBC Radio show with 80s star Sinitta last week, wearing a skimpy costume that emulated her famous leaf dress.