In the first ever episode of Channel 5 series, Our Yorkshire Farm, Amanda Owen and her husband Clive Owen began to prepare their sheep as they came out of their hardest winter ever. The couple rounded up the sheep and began to move them across the fields of their Ravenseat home when Amanda came across a dead sheep in the river. Whilst sad about the loss, Amanda revealed there were "mysteries" which occurred on a daily basis. At the start of March, Clive and Amanda had battled through the long and stormy winter and began to see the farm slowly warm up. The flock was suffering from extreme weather conditions, with the couple having to give some sheep a dose of medicine. Amanda explained: "The wind affects the yams eyes and if your not careful it can get really really nasty. "If you don't treat it, it can ulcerate and it can leave them blind, permanently blind." READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death Clive added: "If they get completely blind and if it is untreated it gets worse and worse, they just walk off a cliff or into a river and it's over." Clive and Amanda had managed to see their flock through one of the toughest winters in decades but as they began the clean-up, the thaw revealed the true cost of the storm. As Amanda drove through their river, guiding the sheep, she exclaimed: "Oh my god! Dead sheep! She must have gone in when it snowed and it was covering the river." Clive made his way over, examining the sheep: "Yeah she has been dead a bit." Baffled by how the sheep manage to end up there, Amanda quipped: "The weird thing is she shouldn't have been there because they have been up on the top." "She is going to be very heavy to get out," she told Clive, but he replied: "We're not going to fish her out now we will get her another time, or should we get her out?" Feeling sorry for the animal, Amanda shouted: "I think we should get her out!" Clive told his wife to do it as she quipped back: "Me! It would be me, wouldn't it? She is very floaty, she is really heavy and ooh she stinks, you pull her to that side." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected [LATEST]Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package  [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [WATCH] Clive took over and decided to help Amanda pull the sheep from the flowing river after he feared she was going to slip and hurt herself. Touching on how the sheep ended up there, Amanda admitted: "You get mysteries, you do get mysteries and you try your best. "But you can't tackle nature and what nature does sometimes, the fact is she is in the river now but we don't know the circumstances." Clive added: "You lose odd ones and we don't like losing them of course we don't." "But you see out here as well you get mysteries, you will miss sheep and you'll know your numbers aren't right but you don't know what happened to them, maybe she was hurt badly," Amanda guessed. Clive explained: "If they get ill, they have to come down to the river to drink because it seems to be the last thing they want to do is drink. "So you quite often find dead sheep in the river or by the river, there are plenty of reasons why they become ill and die. "And usually we can catch it and save a lot of them but you can't save them all." Our Yorkshire Farm series 1-5 is available to watch on My5.