The former Brexit Party leader has hit out at traveller Morgan Lee who suggested there should be adult only flights. She took to TikTok to share her thoughts while a child can be heard screaming in the background. But the video has since been met with backlash. Speaking to TalkTv, Mr Tice said: "We've all been children and we've all been on flights. "You let the free market speak, there essentially are no childfree flights and that's because there isn't a demand for it." Meanwhile, a TikTok user wrote: "This was harder for the mum than it was for you." Another added: "Oh no, I had to share a public space with the public." READ MORE: Boy, 15, sped in stolen van and killed three people in horror crash It comes as Wizz Air was named the worst airline for flight delays from UK airports last year, an investigation has found. The Hungarian carrier's UK departures were an average of 14 minutes and 24 seconds behind schedule in 2021, according to analysis of Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) data by the PA news agency. It operates short-haul flights from 10 UK airports including Belfast International, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Gatwick and Luton. Tui Airways recorded the second worst punctuality, with an average delay of 13 minutes and 18 seconds. This was followed by British Airways (12 minutes and 42 seconds) - including its subsidiary BA CityFlyer - Virgin Atlantic (12 minutes) and Loganair (11 minutes and 30 seconds). The two most used airlines by UK passengers, easyJet and Ryanair, were among the leading performers in terms of punctuality. EasyJet had the second shortest average delay per flight of four minutes and 36 seconds, while Ryanair was in third place with six minutes and six seconds. Only Ireland's flag carrier Aer Lingus performed better, with a typical delay of just three minutes and 12 seconds. DON'T MISS TUI pilot turns plane around to pick up traveller's passport [INSIGHT]Pilot shares three most common mistakes they make while flying [ANALYSIS]Nearly half of over-65s feel 'uncomfortable' using the internet [VIDEO] The analysis took into account all scheduled and chartered departures from UK airports by airlines with more than 2,500 flights. Cancelled flights were not included. The average delay was eight and a half minutes per flight. Analysis by PA conducted earlier this summer found that Birmingham was the UK's worst airport for flight delays last year. Punctuality across the aviation industry in 2021 was better than before the coronavirus pandemic due to the reduction in flights caused by travel restrictions.