The liver has more than 500 functions, from processing digested food to controlling levels of fat and sugar in the blood. It also combats infections and destroys any toxins in the body. Therefore, any early signs that there is an issue with the liver should be investigated immediately. One such sign is if your urine is orange in colour. This could mean your liver is malfunctioning. Dark urine and pale stools could also mean the same thing. According to the Mayo Clinic urine colour varies based on how much you drink, but more unusual colours should be cause for alarm.  READ MORE: Diabetes: The summer snack that could lower post-meal glucose spikes in 'hours' It says: “Normal urine colour varies, depending on how much water you drink. “Fluids dilute the yellow pigments in urine, so the more you drink, the clearer your urine looks. “When you drink less, the colour becomes more concentrated. “Severe dehydration can produce urine the colour of amber.   “But urine can turn colours far beyond what's normal, including red, blue, green, dark brown and cloudy white.” It explains: “Pigments and other compounds in certain foods and medications can change your urine colour. “Beets, berries and fava beans are among the foods most likely to affect the colour. “Many over-the-counter and prescription medications give urine vivid tones, such as red, yellow or greenish blue.  READ MORE: Dementia: Symptoms that can occur in the evening - signs of 'sundowning' to spot “An unusual urine colour can be a sign of disease. For instance, deep red to brown urine is an identifying characteristic of porphyria, a rare, inherited disorder of red blood cells.” Other signs of liver problems include: The Mayo Clinic recommends seeing a doctor if you have concerns about any of these symptoms.  It adds: “Seek immediate medical attention if you have abdominal pain that is so severe that you can't stay still.” Liver problems can be caused by: Other “common” causes of liver problems are chronic alcohol abuse, fat accumulation in the liver, and some prescriptions or over-the-counter medications. 