Manchester United star James Garner has been left surprised by the club’s decision to put him up for sale, it has been claimed. The 21-year-old impressed for Nottingham Forest in the Championship last season. And rivals Tottenham, Leeds and Southampton are all eyeing the player at the current moment in time. Garner had been expected to be a key figure for United this season, particularly given how he flourished for Nottingham Forest last term. But, at a time where the Red Devils are poised to bring in Casemiro from Real Madrid, they’re prepared to listen to offers for the midfielder and have set a price tag of £14million for any potential sale. Tottenham are admirers of Garner and could make a bid, though United would likely prefer to sell him to a different Premier League side instead. Leeds could be one potential option for the 21-year-old, having raided the Red Devils for Daniel James 12 months ago. And Southampton can’t be ruled out, either, with the Saints hoping to build on Saturday’s 2-1 win over Leicester at the King Power Stadium. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Now, according to talkSPORT presenter Alex Crook, Garner was left surprised after being informed that he’d be allowed to leave before the transfer deadline on September 1. Speaking to GiveMeSport, he said: “He’s been a bit surprised that United are willing to let him go at all, let alone on a permanent transfer. “But I guess it shows they need to raise funds for this rebuild.” Garner is currently competing with the likes of Scott McTominay, Fred and Donny van de Beek for a place in Erik ten Hag’s starting XI. Yet with Casemiro poised to move to Old Trafford in a massive £60m deal, the youngster’s chances of regular football have taken a blow. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Garner isn’t the only player United may sell before the transfer window slams shut in just under two weeks’ time. Aaron Wan-Bissaka has been deemed surplus to requirements, three years after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sanctioned a huge £50m deal for the right-back. Brandon Williams is also on the market, despite the full-back previously being tipped for the top by Solskjaer and doing well on loan at Norwich City last term. Eric Bailly is set to join Marseille, while United are also open to offers for the likes of Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe. Then, up top, there’s the Cristiano Ronaldo situation. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. The Portugal international still wants to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football, having never graced the Europa League over the course of his glittering career. Yet United, publicly at least, remain adamant that their No 7 won’t be going anywhere despite Borussia Dortmund beginning to circle. Ronaldo is believed to be training professionally at Carrington, though remains an isolated figure. Sometimes he even eats alone in the club’s canteen. So it wouldn’t be a total surprise to see the 37-year-old quit United for a second time, 13 years after he previously left for Real Madrid. Meanwhile, regarding Garner, former Tottenham star Paul Robinson thinks the United star wouldn’t be a good signing for his old side. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Not for me,” he said when asked if the midfielder would be a welcome addition to Antonio Conte’s side. “James Garner is a player for the future. “We have seen Man United’s recruitment of late, it has been very poor. “Garner cannot get into their team even though they are not blessed in the midfield department. “If they don’t want Garner, why should Tottenham? Man United are behind Spurs at the moment so it would not be a shop I was looking in. “I can’t see that one happening.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here