The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are travelling back to the UK in early September, one of their spokespeople announced earlier today. They said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." Between September 5 and 8, Meghan and Harry will attend three events related to organisations very close to their charity work and interests. Their first stop will be in Manchester, when the couple will attend this year's One Young World summit. Meghan, who has been long associated with this organisation supporting young leaders worldwide, is also to deliver a keynote address on the first day of the summit, One Young World said. Taking to Twitter shortly after the Sussexes' spokesperson announced the upcoming trip, the organisation tweeted: "We’re delighted to announce Meghan and Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be attending the One Young World Summit in Manchester this September! "The Duchess will be delivering a keynote address at the Opening Ceremony." This news was hugely welcomed by fans of the Duchess with one, @te_sho, replying: "Wow. My articulate, intelligent Duchess! Can’t wait!" Another Twitter user, @kajolmomento, said: "Yessss! Meghan will be speaking!! Everyone get yourselves ready!!!" Similarly excited for the Duchess' address, @bensgirl49 wrote: "Already looking forward to Meghan's speech." READ MORE: Prince Harry’s memoir to make Oprah interview look like 'child's play' Joining the chorus of the many people happy to hear Meghan's speech, @karen_champniss said: "It will be wonderful to hear the #DuchessofSussex speak." Similarly, @anna_itsonlyme added: "Can't wait to see them, and to listen to Meghan's speech." Meghan has delivered a number of key public speeches over the years. In 2015, she declared to be proud to be a "woman and a feminist" in an address she delivered as one of the UN Women ambassadors on International Women's Day. Among the speeches she delivered as a working royal, Meghan addressed the community at the Nyanga township while on a tour of South Africa with Prince Harry with a powerful address, saying she was there as "a mother, as a wife, as a woman, as a woman of colour and as your sister". While at the One Young World in Manchester, Meghan and Harry will also touch upon a topic close to the Duchess' heart. In a different tweet, One Young World said: "The Duke and Duchess will also be meeting with a group of Summit delegates doing outstanding work on gender equality. "The Duchess has been a proud #OYWCounsellor since 2014." Meghan first served as a counsellor for One Young World eight years ago, when it held its summit in Dublin. Two years later, she also attended the summit in Ottawa, Canada, where she had been living since 2011 while filming US TV show Suits. Meghan retained her links with One Young World even after marrying Prince Harry and, in 2019, she attended the summit held in London. However, on that year, she was present not as a counsellor but as the Vice President of the Queen's Commonwealth Trust, which had struck a partnership with One Young World to bring 53 young leaders from across the Commonwealth to the event. Three days after their visit to Manchester, Meghan and Harry will head to the WellChild Awards, the yearly event taking place to celebrate the extraordinary achievements of seriously ill children and young people. The Duke has been a patron of this organisation since 2007 and has attended these awards with Meghan on multiple occasions. During their trip across the pond, Meghan and Harry will also travel to Germany, on September 6, to attend the Invictus Düsseldorf 2023 One Year to Go, an event marking the beginning of the 12-month countdown to the next Invictus Games taking place in the city.