As Prime Minister, Mr Johnson currently resides in Number 11 Downing Street. But Mr Johnson will be forced to find a new home, following his resignation announcement in July. He is expected to leave the property on September 6, the day after his new successor will be announced. It is not yet known where Mr Johnson will live after moving out of Downing Street. He and his wife Carrie own a terraced house in Camberwell, which they purchased in July 2019. Boris Johnson undertook a renovation of his Downing Street flat last year. A total of £52,000 was given to the Conservative Party by Tory donor Lord Brownlow to cover the bills. While Mr Johnson says he has now covered all the costs out of his own pocket, the Conservative Party was fined £17,800 by the Electoral Commission, which found the party had failed to accurately declare all of Lord Brownlow's donations towards the renovation. According to Mirror journalist Pippa Crerar, Downing Street confirmed that the Prime Minister will be able to take away anything he spent his own money on during the refurbishment. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss are currently battling for Mr Johnson's job. READ MORE: Boris Johnson spotted in Greece on second holiday in two weeks Conservative party members will vote to select the new leader. Ms Truss is currently the favourite to win, with the most recent poll of Tory party members putting her 22 points ahead of Mr Sunak. The survey, conducted by Opinium of 570 Conservative members, put the foreign secretary on 61 percent. DON'T MISS: Brexit: Truss told to scrap Sunak’s ‘global tax stitch-up’ [INSIGHT] Liz Truss urged to stand up to Brexit-bashing Joe Biden [REACTION] EU to use IndyRef2 plot to make relations 'more difficult' with UK [REVEAL] The former Chancellor was on just 39 percent. While her lead is large, it is smaller than other recent polls, suggesting that Sunak may be closing the gap. The same poll also showed that 63 percent of Tory members said they would prefer Mr Johnson to remain in charge. When asked whether they would prefer to have Mr Johnson remain or be replaced by Mr Sunak, 68 percent backed the outgoing Prime Minister. The poll showed that almost a third of Tory members (29 percent) had already voted. Just 19 percent said they had not yet made up their mind.