The forecaster has triggered a level 3 amber alert, which is one away from level 4 that was reached amid last month's extreme heat. This, the forecaster says, is implemented when its scientists confirm temperature thresholds for one of more regions will be reached for one day at the following night. For this week there is a greater than 90 percent confidence these guidelines will be met. This alert is to warn social and healthcare services of actions needed for specific high risk groups.  The Met Office has warned of a heatwave building early this week, with temperatures set to peak at mid to late 30s by Saturday, August 13. The alert is in place from tomorrow until Saturday, and it says: "High pressure dominating this week, with fine and dry conditions across most of the country, prolonged sunny spells and light to moderate breezes. "Temperatures rising from warm or very warm to locally hot in most regions, with a focus of the warmest weather in central-southern England. "Headline max temperatures reaching mid 30's by Friday. The biggest question mark is over the end of the hot spell, with recent models indicating thundery showers arriving from as early as Saturday, August 13, but perhaps as late as Tuesday, August 16. Confidence on this will likely increase later in the week."    Last month was the driest since 1935 - and with four regions under a hosepipe ban by the end of this week, there is no guarantee of any rainfall in the immediate future. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Tony Wardle said: “With high pressure dominant this week, the influence of any showers will be contained to the far northwest, and even here will be short-lived in nature.  “Further south, which has seen little rain for some time now, dryness will continue through the week and provide no relief for parched land, especially in the southeast. “Some change to more unsettled conditions is then signalled but, as is often the case during the summer, details a week or more in advance of showers and rain are highly uncertain.” READ MORE:Thunder and lightning to bring heatwave to crashing end in DAYS  It will be central and southern parts of the UK seeing the highest temperatures, much of England and Wales,  along with the southeast of Scotland could see the mercury soar to the late 20s. A few isolated spots could also creep up into the low 30s. Scotland and Northern Ireland will also see temperatures into the high 20s and could reach official heatwave criteria by Friday. Mr Wardle added: “Heatwave criteria look likely to be met for large areas of the UK later this week, with the hottest areas expected in central and southern England and Wales on Friday and Saturday. Temperatures could peak at 35C, or even an isolated 36C on Saturday. DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT]   “Elsewhere will see temperatures widely into the high 20s and low 30s Celsius later this week as temperatures build day-on-day through the week due to an area of high pressure extending over much of the UK. “Coupled with the high daytime temperatures will be continued warm nights, with the mercury expected to drop to only around low 20s Celsius for some areas in the south.” From Sunday, August 14 temperatures will only fall slightly to around to just below 30C, with little indication of when the heatwave will officially end at this time. The Met Office has said it will be in a position of more certainty as the week progresses. 