Manchester United chief John Murtough was reportedly involved in crunch talks after the club’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton on Sunday. The Red Devils were outplayed by Graham Potter’s side, who claimed all three points following a brace from Pascal Gross. And they know they must reinforce their squad in order to avoid falling even further behind the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. It’s been a slow transfer window for United, who have brought in just Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez so far. And journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, has claimed the club now believe they need four to five signings in order to avoid falling even further behind their rivals. “I think the time has come when United have to panic,” he told GiveMeSport. “You can’t watch that game against Brighton and not panic. “I know that there were discussions after that game between the recruitment staff and people on the board and there’s a complete realisation now that this squad is probably four, maybe even five players short if they’re going to actually back Ten Hag and give him the opportunity to succeed.” So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at five perfect signings the club can make after Murtough spearheaded the discussions over the weekend. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United need a new right-back. Aaron Wan-Bissaka isn’t good enough, Brandon Williams has been put up for sale and Diogo Dalot continues to blow hot and cold. The Red Devils were linked with Denzel Dumfries earlier this summer, with the Netherlands international’s future at Serie A giants Inter Milan currently up in the air. But Max Aarons could be a shrewder buy. The 22-year—old is still at Norwich City, despite their relegation to the Championship. And they’d unlikely stand in Aarons’ way if United came calling, meaning it would be a relatively straightforward deal to strike. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United are interested in Juventus star Adrien Rabiot. Express Sport understands that isn’t linked to the Frenkie de Jong saga, with the Netherlands international still at Barcelona despite Erik ten Hag’s determination to snap him up. Rabiot can be a divisive figure but, on his day, can be a top midfielder. He’d represent an upgrade on the likes of Scott McTominay and Fred, who toiled during Sunday’s defeat at Old Trafford. And Rabiot would be low-risk, with a fee as low as £12million being floated around. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Of course, it won’t be a perfect end to the transfer window for United if they don’t secure the arrival of De Jong. The club have spent 13 weeks pursuing the 25-year-old, despite the complexities involved in any potential deal with Barcelona. They’ve managed to agree a fee with their La Liga counterparts but, still, the midfielder continues to thwart United’s efforts to land him. United are willing to wait until the very end of the window, such is their determination to bring De Jong to the Premier League. Chelsea are also interested, though, and would be able to offer him a chance to play in the Champions League going forward. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United could do with as many as three midfielders this summer. McTominay and Fred aren’t good enough, James Garner is still learning his trade and Donny van de Beek has done next to little since his arrival from Ajax two years ago. Youri Tielemans could leave Leicester before the transfer window shuts, with the Belgium international having just a year left on his contract at the King Power Stadium. That means the Foxes would likely accept an offer in the region of £30million to avoid losing him for nothing. And that’s a deal United would be wise to strike given their shortcomings in the middle of the park. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Forget Marko Arnautovic. United would be downgrading massively if they snapped up the Austria international, while a deal would also risk upsetting an already-disgruntled fanbase. Ten Hag wants Antony. That’s something he’s made clear at Old Trafford behind the scenes all summer long. Therefore, the Red Devils have to give him what he wants. United have the money to sign all of these players given they’re one of the richest clubs in the world. Unless there’s some reason the Glazers don’t want to stump it up…