Officers launched a murder investigation after Olivia was shot at a house in Kingsheath Avenue, Knotty Ash, at 10pm on Monday night following reports a man burst in and fired a number of shots before fleeing the scene. Olivia suffered a gunshot injury to the chest and was taken in a critical condition to hospital, where she later died.  Police said the little girl's family were "absolutely devastated, inconsolable and heartbroken" following the shooting. Speaking at a press conference at the force's headquarters in Liverpool on Tuesday, chief constable Serena Kennedy appealed for anyone with information to come forward, adding "now is not the time to remain tight-lipped". She said: "On arrival, our officers could see just how poorly Olivia was and they rushed her to Alder Hey Children's Hospital, where, despite the best efforts of medical staff, she sadly died. Her mum was taken to hospital by colleagues from the North West Ambulance Service. "This is a shocking and appalling attack which will reverberate around our communities, and I want to take this opportunity again to appeal to anybody who knows who was responsible for this attack to please come forward and give us those names. "We need to find all who are responsible for this. Not just the gunman, we need to find who supplied the weapon and who arranged this terrible incident. "Forensic experts are at the scene at this moment in time, conducting house-to-house enquiries and officers are reviewing CCTV footage to establish and identify who is responsible."  READ MORE: ‘Another young life’ Liverpool girl killed 15 years after Rhys Jones Her mother was also injured in the shooting and was taken to hospital with a gunshot wound to her arm. Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Kameen, head of investigations at Merseyside Police, said the gunman, who was wearing a black balaclava with a peak and black gloves, forced his way into the building as Olivia's mother Cheryl tried to close the door. He said: "We now believe that around 10pm two men were walking along Kingsheath Avenue from the direction of Finch Lane. "At that time they were approached by a lone person - potentially a male - who was wearing a black padded jacket, a black balaclava with a peak, dark pants and black gloves. This individual was approximately 5ft 7ins tall and of slim build, and they were carrying a handgun. "From what we now know from the review of some CCTV that we have acquired so far, we know that this person shot at the two men who were walking down Kingsheath Avenue. Both men responded by running away from that person with a firearm.  DON'T MISS Schoolgirl killed in 'abhorrent' attack as police launch manhunt [INFO]Horror as woman stabbed to death in pub car park [DETAILS]Woman gunned down in garden was victim of hit gone wrong [INSIGHT] "Responding to the sounds of those gunshots, Olivia's mum Cheryl appears to have opened the door to her property in order to see what was going on outside. "One of the men, the man that the Chief Constable referred to as the 35-year-old man, appears to have seen the door opening and run towards the opening of that door. "He has then forced his way into the property despite the very best efforts of Cheryl and has made his way inside. "As that was taking place the person with the gun has followed the male to this property. That person has also tried to force entry to the property and has managed, it would appear, to put their hand through the open door as Cheryl continued to try and close it. "A shot has been fired which we believe has hit Cheryl, injuring her and then fatally wounding Olivia. Olivia at that time, we believe, was stood directly behind Cheryl." "Despite that horrific circumstance, the attacker has continued the assault and has continued to try and gain entry to the property, in doing so has then fired two further shots at the 35-year-old man who was, at this point, inside Cheryl and Olivia's home address.  "The attacker has then left [through] the front door and has made off on foot. "As the Chief Constable mentioned a few moments ago, a dark Audi motor vehicle was seen to arrive at Cheryl's address and collect the 35-year-old man, who at that point was wounded and at the front of the property. "That vehicle then took the 35-year-old male to hospital. I can confirm that that vehicle has now been seized. "Cheryl has also been taken to Aintree Hospital, where she's being treated for a gunshot wound. "Olivia was taken to Alder Hey Hospital, and as the Chief Constable has already explained and, as we know now, sadly succumbed to those injuries despite the very best efforts of medical staff, police officers at the scene and all the staff at Alder Hey Children's Hospital." It comes after a spate of killings involving guns and knives on Merseyside. On  the same night as the Knotty Ash shootings, two men were arrested over the fatal stabbing of a woman in her 50s in Cherryfield Drive, Kirkby. In a separate incident, 28-year-old Knowsley Council worker Ashley Dale died after being shot in the Old Swan area of Liverpool in the early hours of Sunday. And police are still searching for two people who fled on electric bikes following the fatal shooting of a man in his early 20s in inner-city Toxteth late on August 16. The incident is the latest in a series of high-profile cases in Liverpool where children have been killed with guns or knives. On the same day as Olivia's death, the city marked the 15th anniversary of the killing of 11-year-old Rhys Jones, who was shot in Croxteth on August 22 2007. Just last month, a teenage boy was jailed for the murder of 12-year-old Ava White, who was stabbed to death in Liverpool city centre following a row over a Snapchat video last November. 