Chelsea and Manchester United are set to battle it out once more this summer, with both clubs targeting Brentford striker Ivan Toney. The forward has scored two and assisted two in three Premier League appearances so far this season and is attracting several suitors. With Cristiano Ronaldo still pushing to leave United this summer, Erik ten Hag is in desperate need of recruits in the final third. The former Ajax boss is keen to reunite with Antony at Old Trafford, though it would cost a reported £85million to prise him away from the Eredivisie. Thus, the Red Devils are weighing up their options elsewhere, with The Mirror reporting that they remain keen on Brentford star Toney, who registered two assists against them last week in the Bees’ historic 4-0 win. However, they aren’t alone in being keen admirers of the former Newcastle star. Everton and Chelsea are also considering moves for Toney, with the latter having the 26-year-old as an alternative target if they fail to secure the signature of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The former Arsenal star is reportedly keen on the move to Stamford Bridge, though an agreement has not been reached between the sides yet. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd The Blues have parted ways with two forwards this summer, with Timo Werner joining Red Bull Leipzig and Romelu Lukaku returning to Inter Milan on loan, meaning that Thomas Tuchel’s side are short of depth in the final third. The arrival of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City has provided a touch of quality in that department, though Chelsea still lack an out-and-out No 9 and therefore two striker signings are not out of the question. Toney is valued at £31.5million on Transfermarkt, though Brentford are likely to demand a fee higher than that for his services given his importance. His price tag is also likely to be bumped up due to how late in the transfer window it is and their lack of time to find a replacement. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Former Manchester City goalkeeper Shay Given recently revealed that he believed Toney is the sort of player that United should be targeting, telling talkSPORT: “I don’t understand it either. They are not the Man Utd of old who could take their pick of the best players in Europe. “They are shopping in a different market. There are some brilliant strikers and Ivan Toney is a good example. Brentford fans won’t be happy to hear that, but there are a few other clubs sniffing around as well.” It remains to be seen whether United or Chelsea table a bid for Toney, or if Everton attempt to steal the advantage in the race for his signature with an early offer.