Mick Schumacher has claimed he sees sharing the same surname as his legendary F1 father as a good thing as he continues to improve at Haas. The German is in his second season with the American team, and finally has championship points to his name after top-10 finishes at both Silverstone and then the Red Bull Ring in Austria. It follows a difficult debut campaign for the second generation driver, with a 12th placed finish in Hungary representing his best display. And in the second event of the 2022 season, he hit the headlines for the wrong reasons after a damaging crash in qualifying, which forced him to withdraw from the race in Jeddah. Inevitably, much furore surrounds Schumacher's displays given father Michael is considered one of the all-time greats of the sport. His record of seven world titles has only been matched by Lewis Hamilton, and his total of 91 F1 wins has only been bettered by the British driver. But Schumacher Jr, 23, has denied that he feels any extra pressure in his quest to continue the family legacy, with his uncle Ralf also a veteran of 180 F1 races, winning six times. In fact, he views the comparisons to his father as a positive factor. JUST IN: FIA break silence on Daniel Ricciardo and Oscar Piastri mess as statement released "No, not that I know [of]. I'm sure that it has benefits and negatives, but I only see the benefits of it," he told Racing365.com, when asked if his surname meant excess pressure on his shoulders. "I'm proud to be representing that name and to be able to show what I'm able to do." The opportunity to follow's in his father's footsteps may yet come in some capacity this season, with Schumacher currently listed as a reserve driver for Ferrari. It was with the Scuderia that Schumacher Sr won five of his seven titles. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen close to major grid penalties when F1 season resumesStunning F1 record Fernando Alonso has over Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher emergesGuenther Steiner disagrees with Christian Horner over F1’s new budget cap changes However, doubts remain over whether the youngster will have a seat in 2023, with Haas yet to offer him a new deal. He has thus far been outperformed by teammate Kevin Magnusson, with the Dane having racked up 22 points to his partner's 12. Schumacher had been touted as a possible replacement for compatriot Sebastian Vettel at Aston Martin. However, it has now been confirmed that Fernando Alonso will replace the four-time world champion.