House of the Dragon has just arrived on HBO and Sky and the Game of Thrones prequel has gone down a hit. The Heirs of the Dragon was the title of the first instalment and it introduced viewers to the Targaryen family feud. Episode two is called The Rogue Prince and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when it is out. House of the Dragon is based on George RR Martin's novel Fire & Blood and it is set 200 years before Game of Thrones. The new series marks the downfall of House Targaryen and details the events leading up to the Targaryen war of succession, or Dance of the Dragons. Its first season will consist of ten episodes and they will be airing weekly at the same time. The instalments air on Sundays on HBO and Mondays on Sky, meaning UK viewers do not have to wait long to catch up. With this in mind, episode two is scheduled to air on HBO on Sunday, August 28 at 9pm Eastern Time and 6pm Pacific Time. READ MORE: House of the Dragon’s Emma D’Arcy shares deep connection to Rhaenyra For those watching in the UK, the second episode will air on Monday, August 29, which is a Bank Holiday. The new episode will arrive on Sky Atlantic at 2am and will stream on Now. According to dualshockers.com the episode schedule for the remaining instalments is as follows: Episode three – September 4 Episode four – September 11 Episode five – September 18 Episode six – September 25 Episode seven – October 2 Episode eight – October 9 Episode nine – October 16 Episode 10 – October 23 With this in mind, there are no planned breaks for the first season, which will please viewers. Viewers will not know the titles of the remaining episodes until closer to their air dates. The series is expected to have at least three or four seasons, covering different parts of the timeline. According to showrunners Miguel Sapochnik and Ryan Condal, the series could jump forward or back in time. From this, there is a chance the series could go on for longer than expected. DON'T MISS... House of the Dragon cast: Who's who in Game of Thrones spin-off ser...[EXPLAINER] House of the Dragon’s Eve Best admits feeling ‘jealous’ of co-star [INSIGHT] House of the Dragon boss exposes ‘taxing’ child fight scene in prequel [INTERVIEW] Sapochnik told The Hollywood Reporter: "The Targaryens span both directions. So as a spine to other possible stories and spinoffs … this is a great place to start.” The first season has already received rave reviews from critics, despite some viewers worrying it will be a repeat of Game of Thrones. There are four and five-star ratings across the board from the top TV critics. Stephen Kelly from the BBC said it was different from its predecessor, which should please some fans. He said: "House of the Dragon differs from Game of Thrones in various ways, although it is remarkable how much it initially looks and feels like a natural continuation of the show." It seems the cast have already had discussions about the show's future beyond its debut season. Criston Cole star Fabien Frankel and Princess Rhaenys Targaryen star Eve Best have teased what could happen in a second outing. Fabien told RadioTimes.com he has spoken to showrunner Miguel Sapochnik. He said: "He told me that I should hang out with one person in particular and I'm not going to say who that is obviously. "But he did say, 'I want you and this person to spend some time together and get to know each other.' So, yeah I'm excited to do that." House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky on Mondays.