Instead, the CCP didn’t do the rational thing. It made a big noise about the visit – warning of the worst possible consequences – and whipping up hyper-nationalism among the Chinese people. Beijing thought repeated language about “playing with fire” would spook Washington. When that failed, the CCP found itself backed into a corner, unable to intercept Pelosi’s plane without sparking a major crisis, and subsequently losing face in front of its people. Many Chinese citizens are now fuming that the CCP talked tough but did little. Now, the CCP has to be seen doing something, not just for Taiwan, but to placate its own people, not least by firing missiles into the sea. This hardly seems rational, but the CCP has got to somehow maintain credibility with Chinese citizens.China's military the People's Liberation Army is establishing a new normal and benchmark for intimidation, testing its capabilities as well as the responses of the Taiwanese. ‘Salami slicing’ may be the new strategy, plus building up necessary infrastructure for a possible future invasion, as the PLA is doing on China’s border with India. Military operations since Pelosi’s visit look suspiciously like a practice run for blockading Taiwan by sea and air, the prelude perhaps to a full-scale invasion, which some analysts suggest could be lightning fast. Western observers, however, are still applying too much logic to the situation, ignoring the strong emotional desire on the part of the CCP to gain control over Taiwan. For leader, Xi Jinping, bringing Taiwan under Beijing is his chance to outdo previous CCP leaders, gaining dominance of the Pacific and – in his eyes – making China whole again. As with the Pelosi visit, having told the Chinese public that Taiwan will eventually come under China’s control, the CCP cannot wait around forever to close the deal. Don’t think Ukraine deters China, by the way. There too, the CCP has backed itself into a corner by talking up Russia’s success. Crucially, it matters less whether China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) can invade Taiwan and win than whether the CCP thinks it can win, and whether the CCP feels it has to act to save face or deflect attention from domestic problems.  Complacency, by contrast, is the West’s greatest weakness. Not only has the CCP’s behaviour signalled an element of unpredictability, but this is not the PLA of the 1980s. With a navy now bigger than America’s – whose military, by the way, depends on China for certain critical materials – the PLA is now attempting moon-shot leaps forward in terms of technology to fast-track its catch-up with the US military, while building up its nuclear stockpiles. True, the Taiwan Strait is tough to cross for much of the year, but not all of it. True, Beijing would need a lot of personnel to take Taiwan but the PLA has more than anyone (two million active personnel, 500,000 reserves, and who knows how many back-up reserves and mercenaries in China and allied countries).True, Taiwan is an island with natural defences, making for a tough amphibious crossing. But it is 16-times smaller than Ukraine, and being an island, can be more readily blockaded to stop supplies coming in. Reason is not the lens through which to look at this. Was the reaction to Pelosi’s visit entirely rational? Is Zero Covid entirely rational? Is alienating China from the world entirely rational?If no, then why would the CCP necessarily behave rationally and predictability going forward? Loss of face is everything to the party. The CCP is not necessarily going to be a predictable and rational actor going forward, and that is what makes it so dangerous. 