Coronation Street star Millie Gibson made her debut on the ITV soap three years ago. Since landing on screens, her character Kelly Neelan has found herself caught up in a murder trial, left homeless, been orphaned and was recently kidnapped. However, it is understood the 18-year-old is leaving the soap in an "explosive" storyline later this year. Millie, who won a British Soap Award earlier this year in the Best Young Performer category, has become a fan-favourite on the soap. But according to The Sun, Kelly could be killed off this autumn in dramatic scenes. Will Kelly leave Weatherfield after finally uncovering that Gary Windass (Mikey North) killed her loanshark father Rick Neelan (Greg Wood)? ITV soap fans will remember Gary allowed Kelly's dying mother Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) to take the blame for the murder. READ MORE: Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series It is believed the explosive scenes could lead to Millie's departure from the long-running soap. When Kelly's character was kidnapped by her late father's henchmen, she saw the violent side of her surrogate father Gary as he fought her abductors off. Gary killed Rick in self-defence three years ago and is desperate to keep the truth from Kelly. However, it appears as though it is only a matter of time before the secret's out.  When speaking to Express.co.uk and other media last month, Millie revealed why Kelly has been determined to right her father's wrongs. She said: "I think she wants to redeem her dad's work in any way she can. "When she was passed down the money from him, she repeatedly called it dirty blood money. "So I think it's her way of paying back all the wrongs her dad committed. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Ronnie Bailey's son arrives in Ryan twist [THEORY]Alan Halsall weight loss: One of star's chosen ways to burn calories [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen heartbroken as Stu dies after row [SPOILER] "I know it won't save the people that are too late, but it could save the ones that still have a chance because she always believes in second chances." The actress added: "She's trying to redeem it in any way she can." Millie also described her character as stubborn, adding: "I think that's another characteristic she developed from her mum and dad. "She thinks she's right with this. She's really determined to do what she thinks is best.  "Gary tells her 'No' but she's like 'No, no, trust me. I know, I know what I'm doing.'" The actress has previously said Kelly would want revenge if she ever learned the truth about Rick's death. ITV has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 