Last week, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's unofficial biographer announced a sequel to the best-selling 'Finding Freedom'. Omid Scobie wrote ‘Finding Freedom’ along with Carolyn Durand, and the biography was published back in 2020. But the revelation of a follow-up by Mr Scobie came in the wake of the release of 'Revenge: Meghan, Harry, and the War between the Windsors'. The book featured a range of allegations about the Duchess's life, but Meghan and Harry have not officially commented on the book's contents. Royal biographer Tom Bower said he was "sure" the Duchess will read the book, but advised her against any future legal action against him. The book also attracted criticism for what some interpreted to be the narrow scope of interviewees cherry-picked for the accounts. However, there is “no doubt” that the allegations raised in Bower’s book are “currently causing damage” to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s reputation, Professor Pauline MacLaran told Express.co.uk. Professor MacLaran, co-author of ‘Royal Fever’, added that it is “no wonder that Meghan and Harry will be looking for an outlet” to respond to the claims. She told Express.co.uk: “There is no doubt that Bower’s book is currently causing damage to the Harry and Meghan brand despite his acknowledgement that he only spoke with people who were negatively disposed to them. “This means the readings of many situations will be heavily biased against them so it is no wonder that Harry and Meghan will be looking for an outlet to put forward their side (again!) and Scobie’s book could be it.” READ MORE: Real reason Queen silent on Meghan Markle's birthday Mr Bower came under fire as ‘Revenge’ hit the shelves as his account was branded “biased”. The investigative journalist told Good Morning Britain that his around 80 interviewees were mostly made up of people who “didn’t like” the Duchess. Presenter Ben Shephard then put to the biographer: "If we know they don't like her, why are they going to be offering an unbiased account of their experience with her?" Mr Bower then responded: "I understand, but I sifted through, I don't just put in stuff which isn't true and can't be checked.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Actual proof' Meghan faces court against sister [LIVE] Royal POLL: Is Prince Harry having ‘second thoughts’ on memoir? [VOTE] Kate and Prince William 'modelling Cambridge family' on Middletons [ANALYSIS] HarperCollins, which is publishing the UK edition of Omid Scobie's new book, said it “will have the world talking” with its “exclusive revelations”. The publisher described the "deep access" and "unique insight" which will make the book a "new chapter of the royal story". Mr Scobie said he was “so excited” to “finally share” the news about the book, set to be published in 2023. But Professor MacLaran suggested that the announcement is "sabre rattling", and likely to cater for more of the "he said, she said" narrative. She said: “I think Omid Scobie’s new sequel announcement sounds like sabre-rattling and the promise of more “he said, she said” to come. “It’s only to be expected that Harry and Meghan will have some way of defending themselves against the many inferences of Tom Bower’s Revenge and although we don’t know that they will be directly authorising Omid’s future work, we can surmise they may intend to play a tacit role in supporting it.”