Paramount Network’s hit Yellowstone is expected to premiere the eagerly awaited fifth season in November. As fans look forward to its release, actor Denim Richards who starred as Colby Mayfield provided a sneak peek into the instalment with an unexpected reunion snap.  As production continues for season five, the cast and showrunners have remained tight-lipped about the fate of the beloved characters. Despite this, the actor behind ranch hand Colby gave fans a glimpse into the show with an Instagram post. In the selfie, Denim was dressed as Colby and on set of the scenic Dutton ranch and surrounded by cows. The caption read: “Let’s go to work”- #yellowstone, who’s coming to help move these cattle in this heat?” READ MORE: This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves    The photo sparked a frenzy among fans who volunteered their services, while others attempted to identify the other cowboys in the distance. @Shellynunchucks wrote: “I’ll volunteer as long as youse [sic] guys don’t duct tape me to a horse.” An eagle-eyed @jessica_lynn07 asked: “Do I spy Ryan Bingham behind you?” A third fan @lotuskricket added: “I see Ryan Bingham is there to help you! Looking forward to season 5.”   Denim’s co-star Rob Kirkland who portrayed Commander Bill Ramsey also commented on the post. He joked: “Sheriff keeps close to the AC — call [Jefferson White],” a fellow actor on the show who played Jimmy Hurdstrom. Viewers were first introduced to Colby in the pilot episode of Yellowstone and have since watched him become a loyal Ranch Hand. Alongside the bunkhouse boys, viewers got to know his personality as he often provided some much-needed comic relief. DON'T MISS...'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly welcomes new addition for season 5 [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser sparks frenzy with season 5 first-look [INSIGHT]  With Colby back on set fans can expect to see more of his antics back at the bunk with  Jimmy, Lloyd (Forrie J Smith) and Ryan (Ian Bohen). As for Jimmy, he chose to leave the Dutton Ranch for Texas to work at the 6666 ranch. This was where he got engaged to the Ranch’s chief vet technician Emily (Kathryn Kelly), leaving his future on the Dutton Ranch uncertain. While fans were concerned about his comeback, Jefferson confirmed: “I'm in season 5, Jimmy's in season 5, that's great.   “I'm really looking forward to that, I didn't know necessarily what Jimmy's future was. I still don't know exactly what Jimmy's future holds," he told US Weekly. Season five could also explore Colby’s romance with Teeter (Jennifer Landon) after the two shared their first kiss in season four. After aggressively pursuing the ranch hand, the two shared an intimate moment after they were almost trampled to death by Wade Morrow (Boots Southerland) and his son, Clint (Brent Walker). Although Colby wasn’t initially interested in Teeter, he initiated their kiss therefore fans could see more of their romance when season five returns. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK. 