Boxer-turned-pundit Spencer Oliver has responded to criticisms about his post-fight comments to Anthony Joshua following his second defeat to Oleksandr Usyk. A clip, which made the rounds on social media, shows Oliver consoling his long-time friend as he made the bold claim that AJ was ‘outboxing’ Usyk in the early rounds. Oliver went on to claim that Usyk ‘nicked it at the end’ and that the fight was even on his scorecard up until the tenth round. The former European super-bantamweight champion was heavily criticised by many including his talkSPORT colleague, Simon Jordan, who tore into Oliver for ‘blowing smoke up Joshua’s a***’. “I thought what you did was a sycophantic load of old nonsense. And in some respects, it’s the very reason why Anthony Joshua operates the way he does at times and probably the very reason why he needs better people around him,” said Jordan during a recent talkSPORT broadcast. “To make sure that the life view that he has and the world view that he has and the challenges that he has to overcome are better served by people telling him the truth rather than blowing smoke up the bloke’s a***.” Now, Oliver has fired back at his critics and claims he ‘wasn’t lying to Joshua’ like many had suggested. Speaking to iFL TV, he said: "When I stood up and did the speech when I was saying ‘mate, you showed the heart of a lion, you pushed Usyk all the way, he ran away with it at the end but you should be proud of yourself and you will be three-time world champion’ I stand by that as well. “But then after that when I went ‘mate, you was f***ing pushing him, you was outboxing the best boxer in the world at stages of that fight, early on, and then you used your brute strength’. The fight was close after nine rounds. So, I was just lending the geezer like anyone. Anyone that’s human would have done the same as me. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua 'didn't need to apologise for child's play' as critics slammed Khan lifts lid on Fury chat about setting up mouthwatering Usyk fight KSI fired warning as boxing opponent Swarmz vows to confront Jake Paul “If it was your mate and you saw him sitting up there you would have done the same thing, he needed support in there and that is what I was doing, I wasn’t telling lies. The fight was even going into the tenth round on my scorecard and as it happens the judge’s scorecards as well. So, do you know what I mean? “All the people sat at home in their armchairs going ‘oi, I had Joshua only winning one round’ well that’s why you’re in your armchair mate. That’s the bottom line of it. The Judges had it similar to myself and most of the people I’ve spoken to as well. It was a pretty even fight up until eight or nine rounds and then Usyk took over.”