Manchester United are interested in Memphis Depay despite previously believing signing the Barcelona star ‘harmed them reputationally’, according to reports. The Netherlands international is on the market at a time where the La Liga giants are looking to balance their finances. And, now, a sensational move to Old Trafford could be on the cards. Manchester United thought Depay would reach the very top when they recruited him from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer transfer window of 2015. However, he struggled under both Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho during his spell at Old Trafford before being offloaded to Lyon in January 2018. Now, according to the Manchester Evening News, United are considering re-signing Depay at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo’s future remains uncertain. Ronaldo was benched for Monday’s stirring 2-1 win over Liverpool, with Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford then shining in his absence with goals in either half. United, it’s stated, previously believed their £26.3million deal for Depay in 2015 ‘harmed them reputationally’. But they’re now set to perform a U-turn by eyeing the 28-year-old, who scored 13 goals for Barcelona after joining from Lyon last season. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal Barcelona are now open to cutting him loose, however, after straightening with deals for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres, Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha over the past eight months. And it’s thought Depay could be available for as little as £8m as Barcelona look to get him off the wage bill so they can register Jules Kounde, who is yet to play in La Liga. The report adds confidence is growing Antony will join United, who have been pursuing the Ajax star for several months. Ten Hag previously coached the Brazil international in Amsterdam, helping to transform the forward into one of world football’s most-promising players. United have already had one bid for the 22-year-old rejected, with Ajax looking for a fee close to £85m to part ways with their prized asset. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him But the Red Devils think they’ll be able to welcome the forward to Old Trafford before the transfer window shuts, in yet another huge boost for Ten Hag. If both Antony and Depay do arrive, that will give United an incentive to let Ronaldo leave the club just 12 months on from his Hollywood homecoming. The 37-year-old did well last term, scoring 24 goals across all competitions amid a difficult campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But he wants to join a team who can offer him Champions League football, something United are able to do at the current moment in time. Regarding Depay, meanwhile, the Netherlands international twice opened up on his difficult period at United last year. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. In May, he said:  “[Lyon] will be in my heart, a part of my life. I thought about adding a tattoo: a souvenir or a date. Coming here was a great decision. "People would say to me: ‘But why are you leaving Manchester United? A new coach will arrive, you in the biggest club in the world…’ "In their place, I would have been sad to see a player wasting good years by staying at a big club and playing too little. "There, I lost my joy, and my football. Here, I found them.” Then, in August, he said: "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong. The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here