Concerns over Rafael Nadal’s comeback loss to Borna Coric have been shot down ahead of the US Open. The world No 3 made his return from an abdominal tear in Cincinnati earlier this week and suffered a three-set defeat at the hands of the former world No 12, who has now gone on to make the final. Nadal picked up his second injury of the season at Wimbledon when he tore his ab muscle and was forced to pull out on the eve of his semi-final. After withdrawing from last week’s Montreal Masters, the Spaniard made a last-minute decision to play in Cincinnati where he crashed out in his first match to the world No world No 152 7-6(9) 4-6 6-3. It was the fifth meeting between the pair and the Croat managed to earn himself a rare winning record against the 22-time Grand Slam champion by getting a third victory over him. While it was a disappointing result for Nadal given Coric’s ranking, the severity of the loss has now been alleviated after the 25-year-old reached the final. Coric - who made his only previous Masters final in Shanghai four years ago - now takes on world No 7 Stefanos Tsitsipas for a maiden 1000-point title and tennis legend Martina Navratilova shut down any concerns over Nadal’s loss as she reflected on the Croat’s run. “Obviously the biggest match of his career right now but that ranking is a bit misleading because he was injured, and that’s why he got in on the protected ranking,” she told Amazon Prime ahead of the final. JUST IN: Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina almost quit tennis months before win  “By the way, Rafa Nadal losing in the first round to him - well, he got a bye - doesn’t look so bad now,” she added. “He lost in three tight sets, could have won, didn’t and Coric was not happy with just that amazing win, he took it all the way to the finals and the way he’s playing right now he must like his chances.” The former world No 12 fell outside of the world’s top 150 after being sidelined for a year with a shoulder injury that he eventually decided to have surgery on. But he’s no stranger to performing on the biggest stages, having downed then-world No 2 Roger Federer to reach his only previous Masters final in Shanghai back in 2018. DON'T MISS Djokovic gets US Open ban indication as tournament release protocolsTsitsipas delighted to be avoiding fines as he speaks after dad insultUS Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity match   And in his maiden ATP 500 final back in Halle that same year, he upset tournament favourite Federer when the Swiss star was world No 1 to lift the title. Coric and Tsitsipas are split with one win apiece in their head-to-head, with the Croat winning their most recent encounter at the 2020 US Open. The 25-year-old saved six match points en route to a 6-7(2) 6-4 4-6 7-5 7-6(4) victory, including three when Tsitsipas served for the match at 5-4 40-0 in the fourth set. Coric retired at 1-4 down in their previous meeting at the 2018 Rome Masters. 