And let’s not forget the speculators and commodity brokers, many owned by the oil corporations, gambling on oil price unpredictability. The second quarter results for BP and Shell are truly sickening but reflect what we at FairFuelUK have battled against for years - big fuel supply chain corporations effectively working as monopoly leviathans to fleece drivers. These huge profits have not been made due to any brilliant business acumen. No, it has all been down to pure luck. This is a cartel business model making hay out of an essential resource and it is being allowed to do so without any real scrutiny. Worse still, these eye-wateringly high cash mountains have ballooned even further, with these corporate giants deliberately not passing on significant wholesale falls in petrol and diesel prices to drivers. Fair profits are good but this is starting to look like exploitative profiteering is nothing but odious. Examples of fuel supply chain profiteering show the wholesale price of petrol for example, has plummeted in the last two months since June 1, down 27p, yet pump prices rose 10p per litre. At the same time, Brent crude across this eight-week period, fell 13 percent in sterling. And diesel drivers fared no better. Diesel wholesale price fell 12p but at the pumps it went up 10p. And if we compare published wholesale and retail prices for August 1 2021 with the same date this year in 2022. Retail margins have rocketed by 132 percent for petrol and 82 percent for diesel. See figures below:   Small independent retailers tell me they are not seeing these levels of profit in any way shape or form. We therefore can only assume that the big, branded corporations and their wholesaler businesses and partners are the commercial entities raking it in remorselessly in a relentless drive for profit. Needlessly high fuel taxes in tandem with the Government too scared to take on these greedy Oil Giants to ensure fair pricing for petrol and diesel at the pumps are trashing businesses and everyday lives. The Government, including both leadership contenders, must take much of the blame for exacerbating the already intolerable cost of living crisis with higher than necessary fuel taxation. But also, just as shockingly, for allowing the fuel supply chain’s opportunistic profiteering to go unchecked for far too long. It’s would be ridiculously simple for this Government to just cut Fuel Duty by 20p - like they have in Germany and other European States. They should also introduce FairFuelUK’s popular PumpWatch too. FairFuelUK is asking the Government to take these simple steps, and to drop the costly Net Zero 2050 plans and focus on the economy and hard-pressed people’s lives. You know this is what the majority of the country wants and these moves will ensure UK Plc prospers.  Howard Cox is founder of drivers' action group FairFuelUK. Data sources FairFuelUK and RAC Foundation 