Sutherland is back o our screens tonight in the cosy costume drama Pride and Prejudice, but in the 1960s and 70s he was at the heart of Hollywood activism, alongside an on-screen career that included provocative and seminal films like Don't Look Now, the Invasion of The Body Snatchers and Klute. While filming the latter in 1970, he fell in love with fellow star and activist Fonda, even though both were married at the time. For the next two years, they were together at the forefront of Hollywood support for the civil rights movement and opposition to the Vietnam War. The pair were just as passionate in private and Sutherland still dwells (often in startling detail) on their intimate moments together. Klute started filming in 1970. Fonda had been together with husband Roger Vadim since 1963 but when rumours started spreading in 1970 that they had separated, her official spokesman quickly denied it. However, Sutherland later described how it was his beautiful co-star who made all the moves on him: "We’d already been cast but had not started shooting, and one day, she made it very clear, via a somewhat provocative suggestion, that I should come home with her. And I just said... Ok.'" It would mark the end of the actor's own second marriage to Shirley Douglas, which had produced twins Kiefer and Rachel. Kiefer revealed in 2014 that they had never discussed the affair but he imagined his father would say: "'I fell in love.' I understand that. People do. And when they’re falling in love, they believe in everything so strongly and passionately, this kind of heightened experience, that it’s very hard to judge somebody for it." His father frequently and famously has talked about the love and the lust, famously declaring: "She had, at the time, the most beautiful breasts in the world." Apparently, he followed that description with an anecdote so explicit it was not suitable for print. He did, however, wax lyrical in another interview about a naked moment that still has the power to stop his breath decades later. Sutherland told GQ: "I was with Jane Fonda at the /Chelsea Hotel in 1970, maybe ’71. It was a room with a big bed and, to the right, four or five stairs to a landing that led to the bathroom. There was a little oval window on the landing and there was a streetlight shining through that window though it seemed more like moonlight so maybe it was the moon, I like to think it was the moon. "I was lying on my back on the bed when Jane came out of the bathroom. She, too, was naked, and when the moonlight caught her perfect breasts I stopped breathing. Everything stopped. And then it started again. Now, when I see it in my memory, I stopped breathing again." The affair was passionate and intense, although Fonda has been less vividly 'descriptive' over the years. She said in her autobiography that he had, "Something of the old-world gentleman about him. The actress added that she found his “rangy, hangdog quality and droopy, pale blue eyes especially appealing.” Alongside both their successful Hollywood careers, the pair performed together at benefits for soldiers who opposed the Vietnam War and found themselves on CIA watchlists. It was a meeting of minds, bodies, spirits and talents that would suddenly burnt out as abruptly as it started - leaving Sutherland devastated.   He said: "We got together shortly before we made Klute and then we were together until the relationship exploded and fell apart in Tokyo. And it broke my heart. "I was eviscerated. I was so sad. It was a wonderful relationship right up to the point we lived together." However, in 1972, Sutherland married French Canadian actress Francine Racette, after meeting her on the set of the Canadian pioneer drama Alien Thunder. It remains one of the longest and most stable marriages in Hollywood, and has produced three sons - Rossif Sutherland, Angus Redford Sutherland, and Roeg Sutherland.