Liverpool midfielder Naby Keita was absent from the Reds’ defeat by Manchester United on Monday due to injury, head coach Jurgen Klopp has confirmed. Keita has been linked with a departure from Anfield over the last few weeks but that was not linked with him missing the Premier League game. The 27-year-old has endured a disrupted few weeks due to injury and illness. He returned to the squad for the draw with Crystal Palace but was not included by Klopp ahead of the clash with United. Recent reports from Germany have claimed that the former RB Leipzig player is unhappy at Liverpool and could move before the end of the transfer window. Sources from Liverpool have denied that to be the case. Klopp confirmed on Monday night that Keita suffered a fresh setback on Sunday. The Guinea international will undergo further assessments, with Klopp unable to put a date on a return. JUST IN: Piers Morgan left embarrassed after Man Utd Ronaldo prediction "Yesterday he was injured. It needs further assessment, but it doesn’t look like he will be in training tomorrow,” Klopp said following Liverpool’s 2-1 defeat by United. “We need more assessment. He missed yesterday, today, and how much more, I don’t know.” Keita’s injury comes at a bad time for Liverpool. The Merseysiders have only 15 senior outfield players available to Klopp. Midfield is of a particular concern. Keita joins Thiago Alcantara and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in being sidelined through injury. DON'T MISS...Carragher in screeching U-turn on Martinez after superb showingMan Utd: Ronaldo ‘pushed back in training’ before Liverpool demotionTransfer News LIVE: Man Utd gamble, Chelsea confident of deal Klopp added: "We had 15 senior outfield players in training, I think. That’s obviously not cool, but I liked the line-up for the game tonight. And we had some good performances, obviously not enough to win the game.” Goals by Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford secured United a surprise win over their north-west rivals on Monday. A consolatory header by Mohamed Salah was not enough for the Reds - although Klopp boldly claimed it would not have been a surprise had his side equalised as they mounted pressure in the final 10 minutes. “I think we all know that if we score the equaliser it would not be the biggest surprise in the world. It would have been a deserved draw after a start where United looked sharper than us, but not for too long,” the German concluded. “Our situation is how it is, not perfect but good enough to play better tonight and good enough to have won the game tonight had we played slightly better."