The Duchess of Sussex shared the trauma of how her son Archie narrowly escaped a fire in his bedroom on the Sussexes' royal tour to South Africa. Meghan recounted the experience on her long-awaited Archetypes podcast which was released on Spotify today (August 23). Royal commentator, Jack Royston, said in a tweet: "The royal rift is far from over." Meghan, 41, recalled the incident in a conversation with her close friend, tennis star Serena Williams. She spoke of her distress at learning of the near-miss soon after delivering a speech to girls in the Nyanga township, Cape Town, before rushing back to see Archie and then having to leave him to carry out another official engagement. Meghan said: "There was this moment where I'm standing on a tree stump and I'm giving this speech to women and girls, and we finish the engagement, we get in the car and they say there's been a fire at the residence. What? There's been a fire in the baby's room."  She added: "We came back. And, of course, as a mother, you go, 'Oh, my God, what?' Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken. And what do we have to do? Go out and do another official engagement. I said, 'This doesn't make any sense'." The Sussexes had dropped their young son off at the housing unit they were staying in for a sleep straight after flying in for their official tour in 2019. Harry and Meghan then left to kick start the royal visit with their first engagement. Archie's then nanny, named only as Lauren - a Zimbabwean who liked to tie him on her back with a mud cloth - had taken him downstairs with her instead while she went to get a snack, just as the heater in the nursery caught fire.   READ MORE ABOUT A BRUTE WHO STARVED HIS DOG TO DEATH Meghan said: "In that amount of time that she went downstairs, the heater in the nursery caught on fire. There was no smoke detector. Someone happened to just smell smoke down the hallway, went in, fire extinguished. He was supposed to be sleeping in there." The Duchess described how she wanted to tell people what had happened. She said: "I was like, 'Can you just tell people what happened?' And so much, I think, optically, the focus ends up being on how it looks instead of how it feels." Meghan went on to highlight the need for more understanding of the "human moments behind the scenes".   DON'T MISS:  Meghan's 'negative connotation for ambition' comment in podcast [REVEALED] 'In an underground studio with a Duchess!' Meghan uses Sussex title [LATEST] Uber driver nearly died when car smashed onto railway track [REPORT] The Duchess said: "We had to leave our baby... and even though we were being moved into another place afterwards, we still had to leave him and go do another official engagement." Ms Williams replied: "I couldn't have done that." Later the same day, the couple had visited Cape Town's historic District Six neighbourhood, met residents in its Homecoming Centre and heard from people forcibly removed to a township during the Apartheid era. The Sussexes also carried out an impromptu walkabout.  Meghan and Harry's controversial African tour took place in autumn, 2019, months before they quit as senior working royals. During the trip, the former Suits star told ITV of her struggles with royal life and how she had tried to cope with the pressures by putting on a "stiff upper lip". In the podcast, which discussed the double standards women face when they are labelled "ambitious", Meghan said: "I don't remember ever personally feeling the negative connotation behind the word ambitious until I started dating my now husband." Ms Williams revealed Harry helped her with her decision to retire from tennis long before it was announced, spending around an hour discussing the issue with her. Meghan, who stepped away from the monarchy with the Queen's grandson for a new life in California, said to Ms Williams: "I think, you know, I think both of us, or the three of us, really know that sometimes the right decision isn't the easiest decision."  As they discussed Ms Williams' retirement, Meghan added: "It takes a lot of courage, I think, too, to stop something in many ways than to keep going sometimes." Meghan also admitted to being "so tired" during pregnancy, with ms Williams saying: "You were under a lot of stress". To which the Duchess replied: "Yeah it's true." Harry and Meghan had revealed in their Oprah Winfrey interview the monarchy's institution failed to help a suicidal Meghan while she was pregnant with their son. Meghan's next Archetypes podcast, which is part of the Sussexes' multimillion-pound deal with Spotify, will feature singer Mariah Carey. 