Dale Wood has spent the past 22 years investing in a huge variety of firms from technology, real estate to healthcare in countries ranging from East Asia to South America. The owner and CEO of Dale Ventures Group believes that Brexit has presented a “fantastic opportunity” for Britain, but warned that if it is not handled well it could backfire. Speaking to Express.co.uk as Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss battle it out to replace Boris Johnson, he warned that people on all sides of the debate are unhappy with “certain aspects” of the current Brexit trade deal. The global investor - who has invested in firms across Europe, Latin America, the Far East and the Middle East - added: “Just like with any business, governments need to take the right approach. “Boris Johnson got Brexit done but there are clearly kinks in his deal - you can see that by the fact that people on all sides are unhappy with certain aspects of it. “That doesn’t mean it can’t be amended and I would hope that his successor makes that their top priority when they take office next month. “They must take Brexit by the horns and ensure that the UK is transformed into a global investment powerhouse. “Doing that would prove all the naysayers wrong and address the low productivity growth which has been a problem in the UK for years. “I have no preference who wins the race but myself and other investors across the world will be looking to see what changes they implement and how it affects business. “We are the drivers of growth and countries often fall over themselves to get external investment. “The UK’s prime minister will no doubt be aware of that but whether they act upon it remains to be seen.” Mr Wood believes that Ms Truss’s plans to cut taxes to boost economic growth could achieve their ambition “as long as public services are still properly funded”. And the former Chancellor’s pledge to tame inflation - which rose to a 40-year high of 10.1 percent in July, is equally key, he said. He said: “There is no easy way to steady the UK’s economy and both candidates have good ideas. “My libertarian streak leans towards Liz Truss because she wants to reduce the tax burden from its 70-year high. “But I am also mindful that the huge debts racked up during the pandemic need to be repaid and overheating the economy will not control inflation. “It is a difficult situation to be in and there is no doubt that something needs to be done to remedy it. “Whoever wins needs to be acutely aware of that and press ahead with making the most of Brexit on day one. “I know politicians love to talk about their plans for the first 100 days but this is more urgent than that. “The minute their foot is through the door the number one focus needs to be on tackling the cost-of-living crisis and delivering a truly Global Britain that will attract investment from across the globe. “That’s what we want to see at Dale Ventures and we believe it is possible whoever wins the race.”