Wilfried Zaha’s agent is ‘exploring’ possible destinations for the Crystal Palace forward amid suggestions that Arsenal are interested in a potential transfer, according to reports. Zaha has just a year remaining on his deal at Selhurst Park and has not signed an extension. The 29-year-old has missed Palace’s last two games but it is understood that he is injured and reports of an imminent move are wide of the mark. A leg injury kept him out of Tuesday’s League Cup win over Oxford City and Saturday’s defeat by Manchester City. Zaha could leave Palace next summer, though, and had interest from Roma earlier this window. However, the Serie A side prioritised a move for free agent Paulo Dybala. The Palace icon’s agent is reportedly understood to be ‘exploring’ potential transfer destinations. Arsenal have a long-standing interest, with Zaha a boyhood fan of the Gunners. JUST IN: Arsenal's Plan B still leaves looming transfer question for Kroenke According to Fabrizio Romano, Zaha’s representatives are analysing options for their client. The transfer specialist wrote in his column for Caught Offside: “His agents have explored many options but so far it is a quiet situation. Surprises are not ruled out – but Vieira is happy with Zaha.” Express Sport understands that Palace have no interest in selling Zaha, especially this late in the transfer window. Zaha is happy at the South London club and, unlike previous summers, he has not pushed for a departure. A move away from Palace, where he has spent his entire career aside from an unsuccessful year at Manchester United in 2013-14, would likely only happen in 12 months’ time. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'in box seat' to steal Man Utd target with agent 'on standby'Transfer news: Man Utd's De Jong promise, Chelsea medicalArsenal player ratings vs Fulham: Gabriel scores 8 after mixed game Zaha was understood to be an option for Arsenal as they look to strengthen Mikel Arteta’s attacking options. The north Londoners are making a late pursuit for Wolves star Pedro Neto but could be forced to pay a premium fee. Romano has described a move as ‘very expensive’. The Midlands outfit want around £50million for the Portugal international, according to wide-ranging reports. It is a deal that could go right down to the 11PM deadline on September 1. Arteta’s side have looked excellent this season and are the only Premier League team to win all of their top-flight fixtures so far. A late come-from-behind victory over Fulham on the weekend followed triumphs against Palace, Leicester and Bournemouth. The Arsenal head coach has admitted that he could replace Nicolas Pepe, who has joined Nice on loan. Arteta said: “If we can implement the plan that we have, we will try to do [it]. In that plan, [Pepe leaving] was something that could happen. Now it is a reality and we have been preparing the last two months in order to achieve what we want. Whether that is possible or not, we will see.”