According to several studies, the sleep we grant ourselves after our alarm goes off is far from productive. Hitting the snooze button multiple times may do more than simply break up the continuity of sleep. New findings suggest it may cause the body a fair amount of stress, which could pave the way to other health complications down the line. The new study conducted by the University of Notre Dame in the US discovered that sleepers who set several consecutive alarms to wake up had an elevated heart rate. Sleep expert Doctor Neil Stanley, said: “Your body hates to be woken up by an alarm because it scares the wits out of your, your heart rate shoots up and your stress hormones rocket. “It seems a bit strange to do that to your body repeatedly in the morning. It might not kill you, but you’re certainly not setting yourself up right for the day.” The sleep expert added that snoozers were unlikely to enter a state of restorative sleep after their first alarm goes off, so hitting the snooze button may be counterproductive. READ MORE: How to sleep '4-7-8 method' can send you to sleep in 'minutes' Having to suddenly pull the body out of REM can cause the body stress. Cortisol occurs naturally upon waking up, but hitting the snooze button may induce an excessive amount of the stress hormone. If high cortisol levels become chronic, this could set the stage for several ailments. One known complication of high cortisol levels is persistent high blood sugar levels. READ MORE: How to sleep in a heatwave - could sleeping naked help? The health body Premier Health explains: “Insulin typically helps the cells convert glucose to energy. “As your pancreas struggles to keep up with the high demand for insulin, glucose levels in your blood remain high and your cells don’t get the sugar they need to perform at their best.” The health body states that other potential health complications may include weight gain, suppressed immunity, digestive problems and heart disease. High levels of cortisol constrict the arteries, which can lead to a build-up of plaque and blood vessel damage.