Siblings Princess Charlotte, 7 and nine-year-old Prince George have been making more appearances at royal events recently, particularly during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the Cambridge children's appearances and how they make the events "extra special" by joining their parents for the outings. Following showing the clip of Charlotte and Prince William wishing the Lionesses luck, Ms Ross said: "It's so nice to see them incorporating the children." She noted that the couple are bringing the children to "events that really interest them". In reference to the clip of Charlotte and William, Ms Ross continued: "I'm sure it's a special experience for Charlotte, but it's also, you know, it's really uplifting for the team. "The kids are still very private, they only make these appearances very rarely so when we do see them, it's extra extra special. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte treated to helicopter ride as Prince William flies her in style "I think they're still treating it as a really special, you know, special way to thank, in this example, the women's soccer team for their hard work." Ms Garibaldi discussed Charlotte's appearance at the Commonwealth Games, earlier this week. Princess Charlotte made an appearance at the swim meet, alongside her parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Ms Garibaldi added that the 7-year-old was spotted "intently watching the meet" and was, also, seen "giving her dad a thumbs up". READ MORE: Prince William ignores Queen’s advice to stop flying helicopters with Kate and children Much like her younger brother's sweet and hilarious display at the Jubilee, Kate and Prince William's only daughter was seen pulling a range of animated expressions throughout the competition. Last month, Charlotte's elder brother Prince George stepped out for his first appearance at Wimbledon. The nine-year-old sat in the royal box with his parents to watch the Men’s Singles final between Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [REPORT] 'Very painful time' Queen's mother 'left alone' to deal with loss [REVEAL] Queen warned Harry's mention of royals in book 'would be razor sharp' [INSIGHT] The two older Cambridge children also attended Prince Philip's memorial service earlier this year. The children and their parents arrived at Westminster Abbey to join the rest of the Royal Family in paying tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh's life. And earlier in the summer they were front and centre with younger brother Prince Louis at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, where they made their Trooping the Colour debut. READ NEXT: