Pam Booth, 51, has been visiting a food bank regularly for the past four months since her Universal Credit was allegedly cut as she's a student. The mother, whose children age between eight and 29, says her family "wouldn't be able to eat" without the support. Ms Booth, from Seacroft, Leeds, is studying to become a special educational needs (SEN) teaching assistant. However, she says this means her Universal Credit has been slashed. Speaking to Leeds Live, the mum said: "I’m a student and I get money knocked off for being a student, without coming here (the food bank) then I wouldn’t be able to eat. "I’ve got to pay rent at £270 a month and the rest of my bills and that lot. Without coming here and the food pantry, I wouldn’t be able to eat. It’s been well and truly [challenging] because when you get bills coming in, you’re thinking ‘how on earth are you going to pay that?' "Because when you’re a student, you get money deducted [from Universal Credit] for being a student. They knock your money off. And it’s like ‘Hold on a minute! They should be giving us more money because of the fact we’re getting off us backsides and going out and doing something!’ "Why can’t students be given more money? Get them out there, get them doing more."  Ms Booth, whose four youngest children and two dogs live at home, is grateful for the food bank in Seacroft, which she says is being used by families "truly struggling" in Yorkshire. "It’s healthy, good food that they [the food bank] give you. Before we had this option it would be like beans on toast on a night time. Since we’ve been up here, going to the pantry, being able to have dinner has really helped on a night time," Ms Booth said. "We don’t have takeaways because we can’t afford takeaways. We were having to live on whatever we had in before we came up here. Coming up here, we’re able to have whatever we want. The kids get fresh fruit. Before, we were going out and buying fruit once a month." Two of Ms Booth's children have special needs so the mum is particularly passionate about her SEN training, being delivered at a school on her estate. Food banks have become even busier this year as the rising cost of living bites. Professionals, including teachers, are turning to them as they struggle to put food on the table. The Department for Work and Pensions has been contacted for comment by Express.co.uk 