The Wagner private military company has been known to operate in Ukraine since 2014. The Kremlin has denied links with the shady militia group, which has amassed accusations of human rights abuses in operations worldwide. However, the group is believed to be controlled by Yevgeny Prigozhin, who is known as "Putin's chef". But Ukrainian authorities have claimed they successfully targeted a base in eastern Ukraine used by the mercenaries. Serhiy Haidai, regional governor for the Luhansk region in the Donbas, said a Ukrainian attack had struck the headquarters of the Wagner group in Popasna. Popasna is in close proximity to Russian-controlled Severodonetsk, which has taken the brunt of some of the war’s most intensive violence. Ukrainian outlet the Kyiv Post suggested the strike was carried out using US-supplied HIMARS, and that it was “thanks to a Russian correspondent who filmed the premises” that the “hit turned out to be perfect”. Mr Haidai similarly said on his Telegram channel that the “enemy HQ” had been located after a publication from a Russian journalist. He wrote: "This time the successful strike destroyed the Wagner PMC HQ in Popasna yesterday." He added: "The number of dead is being clarified". READ MORE: Russia detains own spy chief Ukrainian newspaper, Ukrainska Pravda, claimed a Russian journalist inadvertently revealed facility’s whereabouts in a Telegram post last week. He is believed to have posted images identifying the location on August 8, before the publication was removed. The Wagner Group of mercenaries have gained a high profile since the February invasion got underway, with the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) suggesting Putin has turned to the unsanctioned force to replace army losses in Ukraine. It described how the private military company had "likely been allocated responsibility for specific sectors of the front line, in a similar manner to normal army units". DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Horror as Putin tipped for SECOND European invasion [LIVE] POLL: Should the energy price cap rise be scrapped? [VOTE] Putin plotting deadly 'revenge' nerve agent attacks in UK [REPORT] The MoD described the move as a "significant change" that "undermines the Russian authorities’ long-standing policy of denying links between PMCs and the Russian state". It added: "However Wagner forces are highly unlikely to be sufficient to make a significant difference in the trajectory of the war." The funnelling of new joiners into the Wagner Group ranks was one of the "non-traditional recruitment" techniques to which the Kremlin has turned during the course of the war. Russian military expert Pavel Luzin has described the recruits into the Wagner Group as "cannon fodder" in a numbers game for the Kremlin. He told Al Jazeera: “Wagner are neither elite forces nor well-trained commandos, they are just another sort of cannon fodder with the purpose of counterbalancing any political threat from the generals. "The Kremlin just does not trust the armed forces.”