 Inflation rates are rapidly on the increase with no indication of slowing down, and these price hikes have been reflected across a range of products and services. Flagship smartphones remain in high demand despite continual price jumps however, there are steps you can take to offset these figures and get more value for money.   Finding the right deal on a phone or contract can save you hundreds in the long run and during today’s turbulent financial landscape, these kinds of savings will go a long way. Despite spiralling living costs, traditionally expensive smartphones remain in high demand. According to Laptop, Apple's iPhone 13 range (costing between £679 to £1,049) made up nearly 75 percent of Apple’s sales in the first quarter of the year, the largest share seen in recent years. Kyle Wilson, mobile expert at mobiles.co.uk said: “Mobile phones are a necessity, with the capabilities to make everyday life easier and more efficient. “Unlike household utilities, phone bills can be an easier area to cut back on costs. READ MORE: Winter is going to be tough, admits Liz Truss  “People can discover the cheapest way to upgrade their contracts to the latest handsets. Additionally, there are a wide variety of phones to choose from in different price brackets, as well as choices you can make to slash the price of your new phone bill.”  So, while downgrading doesn’t appear to be an option for many, there are other ways you can offset the rising costs of handsets and reduce mobile phone costs - here are five of them. First, when looking for a new mobile phone, be smart with the handset you choose.  But while the flagship iPhone, Samsung and Google phones might be enticing, they also come with more premium price tags.   These same great brands also offer mid-range handsets, which still offer similar quality features for much less. Kyle Wilson, mobile expert at Mobiles.co.uk said: “Whether you’re looking for a big display, advanced camera, or 5G connectivity, these features can also be found on mid-range priced phones. “Why not consider iPhone SE (3rd generation) instead of iPhone 13, or Samsung Galaxy A52s instead of Galaxy S22?” “Another way to shop savvy is to select a deal with an upfront cost. This will generally lower the line rental and make the contract cheaper over the course of the agreement, saving you money in the long-run.” Refurbished phones are an excellent option for those on a tighter budget that still want to get their hands on the latest mobile phone. DON'T MISS: Energy bills poised to hit £4,000 a year, experts warn [ANALYSIS]Mortgage holders react to interest rates going up to 1.75 percent [INSIGHT]Is it illegal not to pay your energy bills? [EXPLAINED]   A refurbished phone has had a previous owner but it’s resold by a network, manufacturer or retailer who would have repaired the product and run checks to ensure it’s in good working order. Buying a refurbished phone instead of a brand new one is a great way of getting the latest flagship device you’re looking for for a “significantly cheaper price” and still features returns and warranty benefits, according to Mr Wilson. Kyle added: “These are the handsets which have been returned, for numerous possible reasons. “One of the most common reasons is that the phone has been sent back due to a change-of-mind. In other instances, there may have been a slight fault with the handset, which has since been repaired to make the handset fit for resale. “Make sure you always buy from an authorised reseller, as this will ensure the products have been examined by technicians, and reconditioned where necessary, before being offered for sale at a reduced price.” Another great way to cut costs on your phone bill to go SIM-only if you’re happy with your current device. You may not get the excitement of unboxing a new mobile, but you can enjoy a lower monthly cost and the flexibility of shorter contracts, such as one or 12 month agreements. Mr Wilson said: “SIM-only contracts could save you money, with SIM-only options starting at as little as £6 per month. SIM prices will vary depending on your desired data allowance, texts, and minutes.” Although, he continues: “If you do have your eye on a new phone, you should still keep your eye out for contract deals too, however. In most cases, a contract deal will be cheaper than buying a SIM-only and new phone separately.” We are used to using our phones and the internet wherever we go, so when you choose a mobile phone contract, try to select a data package best suited to your needs. Often, you might find you actually use significantly less data than you think you do, and you can work this out by comparing your usage on past phone bills. Opting for a contract with a smaller data allowance is generally the cheapest way to get the phone you want.   Mr Wilson said: “It is important to be realistic in how much data you need and use. “You should be able to check your data usage by logging into your network’s account and if you are currently paying for more data than you are using, it may be worth selecting a smaller data allowance when you next buy a contract, potentially saving yourself a lot of money.” In-app payments and roaming charges are just a few of the areas you can incur extra costs on your phone bill. Go through your phone bill with a fine-tooth comb to work out if these are making a difference to your payments. Mr Wilson said: “Take care when using apps on your phone, as many can have in-app costs or free trials that start charging to your phone bill when the free trial ends. “In-app payments are commonly found in games and can be activated by accident, especially if you have children who aren’t aware of the consequences.” 