Objectively, it is certainly true that some people really are not paid enough. Take social care, where many are on the £9.50-an-hour National Living Wage. There are more than 100,000 vacancies and staff turnover is over 30 percent every year. Clearly, wages in social care are not high enough to attract people to the vital work. But what about, say, dock workers? Or train drivers?   Their pay has certainly fallen relatively because inflation has risen and their wages have not kept pace. But that is true for almost all of us. Which brings us to strikes. Both the above are well paid. The average salary for dockers in Felixstowe is £43,902 and train drivers earn on average £59,864 a year. Their argument is that their pay has fallen behind what it was, relatively, a few years ago. And they are right. It has. But the crux of the issue is this: are they - or are any of us - automatically entitled to see our pay keep up with inflation?  In an era of low inflation - what we have had since the mid-1980s (with a small blip in the early 1990s) - this is not really an issue. But with inflation at rates not seen for 40 years, it is critical. Back in the 1970s, the so-called "wage-price spiral" was one of the key factors behind our economic collapse. When pay keeps rising to keep up with inflation it becomes self-defeating as prices increase to pay for the wage hikes, forcing wages ever higher in a spiral of doom. The only cure is to stop the wage increases and raise interest rates even further to tackle inflation. In the 1970s this led to a deep recession and soaring unemployment. Only then did inflation start to fall. It would be economic suicide to repeat the 1970s and push wages up to match inflation. The solution is not to increase inflation further but to get to grips with it. And to do that, the worst possible outcome would be widespread pay rises. Yes, this is tough. It is unfair on some workers whose wages have been suppressed in recent years and who will not be able to secure a big rise. But it is vital we all look at the big picture. It also means confronting those unions who are behaving as if their role is to bring down the Government.  Take the RMT. Its general secretary, Mick Lynch, behaves as if it is his job to organise as many rail strikes as possible - and his union has yet to ask its members if they will accept the eight percent pay rise offered by employers. But the worst union offender is Unite. In the year since she became its general secretary, Sharon Graham has presided over some 450 strikes. The current walkout at Felixstowe is a typical example of it striking for striking's sake. These are highly paid workers offered a seven percent rise plus £500 each. On any definition this is generous. Yet Unite continues to push for strike action. This is not a strike for workers' rights or fair pay. It is a strike for Unite to parade its opposition to the Government. Mr Lynch could not have been clearer that his aim is to push the union movement into a general strike to bring down the Government. On Friday, he said his union colleagues were close to organising "generalised and synchronised action", necessary if Liz Truss becomes PM, since she has pledged to immediately legislate for minimum service levels on critical infrastructure.  Labour's Sir Keir Starmer has tried to walk a tightrope between his union paymasters and the public, knowing the anger strikes provoke. That led to Ms Graham expressing her fury with him, saying she was "aghast" and demanding he "pick a side". The strikes continue. This week, postal workers in the Communication Workers Union are set for action. Yesterday, even criminal barristers joined in, although their potential strike is slightly different, since they are not unionised - and their case is tied to the wider issue of better funding for the justice system. But once again, the fundamental point remains, that the worst possible response to rising inflation is across-the-board pay rises. More and different ways of helping are needed for those who are struggling - but we will help no one if we push inflation even higher. Strikers should beware of what they wish for.  