News that energy bills are going up again emerged this week as experts at Cornwall Insight predicted the average household will have to fork out £4,266 a year for their energy bills from January. However, there are two simple tips people can adopt to make savings of up to £970 a year. As the price of energy bills continues to dominate the headlines, more bad news came to light this week as the experts at Cornwall Insight confirmed things are about to get much worse. Already the average household is struggling to pay soaring energy bills after the energy price cap increased by 54 percent in April of this year - the largest annual increase on record since 1970. Some people have been calling for Britons to cancel their direct debits in protest of how much energy bills are skyrocketing. However, personal finance experts are warning against cancelling direct debits as it could land people in more hot water. READ MORE: NatWest scam alert: Fraudsters pretend to be from bank or HMRC Many Britons will have exhausted every money saving tip in the book and have taken on board energy saving tips in a bid to reduce their bills. More than 20 million people in the UK have a smart meter but not everyone is making the most of its full potential. One way to make savings with a smart meter is by linking it to an app on a smartphone so that data can be accessed in an easy to understand format. Some users have seen their energy bills reduce by 25 percent after installing the Hugo app. DON'T MISSUK recession warning: Britons urged to 'put money aside' [WARNING]State pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING] Founder Ben Dhesi said: “Energy prices are showing no signs of going down any time soon, so there needs to be a way for households to be more engaged with how much energy they’re using so they can save money. “The UK government attempted to get households more engaged with their energy usage by rolling out smart meters with ‘In Home Displays’, and my previous work made me realise how powerful smart meter data really is when you engage with it. “But the truth is - who is really regularly checking their smart meter? “Unless you’re standing right next to it, you won’t go out of your way to have a look.” READ MORE: 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August He continued: “Direct debit customers paying default tariffs saw their annual electric bills rise from £1,277 to £1,971 per year in April, based on average usage. “We’ve seen savings of up to 25 percent - that’s £490 per year saved on electricity alone for households spending around £1,900 annually.” Another way people can save a further £480 a year is by swapping their oven for a slow cooker. GoCompare Energy asked people what they are doing to save energy: