Households in the North have been hit with a hit power outages, as the Northern Powergrid announced that over 400 customers across five regions in the UK have faced blackouts. A majority of the power cuts have been in Tyne and Wear, with the rest spread out over Hartlepool, Redcar and Cleaveland and North and South Yorkshire. Northern Powergrid has warned that many of these unplanned electricity cuts have been caused due to "an unexpected problem with the cables or equipment". Up to 115 households were affected by power cuts in Tyne and Wear, which began in the area at 7:26 AM. Meanwhile, Hartlepool was one of the earliest regions to be hit with power cuts today, as 103 households faced blackouts which began at 3:29 AM. According to Northern Power Grid, households in Hartlepool are expected to see their power supply return by 9:00 AM while Tyne and Wear could see power return by around 10:30 AM.  "You can also receive updates by text message by registering your number on our online power cut logger providing you with the latest information available from our engineers." According to Citizens Advice, customers may be able to get compensation when their electricity or gas supply goes off. In a power outage, it is the network operator's responsibility to fix the cuts and pay the compensation. According to National Grid ESO, UK power cuts are now extremely rare, marking a significant departure from the days of the 1970s when there were regular blackouts. DON'T MISS:NASA baffled as new 'mini-moon' spotted in space at the edge [INSIGHT] Putin reeling as EU to SLASH his cash with new Cyprus gas [REVEAL] NASA’s James Webb makes stunning discovery of CO2 on alien world [REPORT] But local outages do still occur for a number of reasons. For instance, natural accidents such as lightning strikes, flooding and fallen trees can cause damage to cables and equipment. Contractors may also damage cables when working on equipment in some instances. However, one person responded to the blackout by tweeting: "Honestly, it's fine. If you could just leave it off until I can actually afford the cost of the crippling rise in energy bills that'd be great." 