Chelsea have been told to nearly double their offer or forget signing Italian starlet Cesare Casadei from Inter Milan this summer. The Serie A giants are demanding £15.5million for the midfielder and are demanding that the Blues agree to a future clause in order to convince them to sell. Thomas Tuchel is keen to bring in the highly-rated midfielder this summer after admitting he wants to make at least more signings, having already brought in five new players. But Chelsea have so far had one bid knocked back by the Italian side — believed to be in the region of £8.5m. That has not deterred Chelsea in their pursuit of the youngster and they are prepared to return with an improved bid. But Inter’s demands could scupper the deal as the Nerazzurri want to a slice of the player’s future. In addition to receiving a £15.5m fee up front, Inter want to insert a buy-back clause into the deal to retain the option of re-signing Casadei at a later date, according to The Mirror. READ MORE: Chelsea may spend another £92m after Fofana transfer with deal 'close' Chelsea are unlikely to agree to that aspect of transfer as it is a practice they insist on when selling their own talent, meaning Inter may settle for a 15 per cent cut of any future fee received. Casadei is set for a bright future in European football after impressing at youth level last season. The 19-year-old scored 16 goals from midfield from the club’s Primavera outfit last season and has been training with the first team in pre-season. An Under-19 international for Italy, Casadei has been earmarked as a long-term replacement for Blues midfielder Jorginho. It is unclear whether his deal would be impacted by any move for Frenkie de Jong but it is understood he is interested in moving to Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISSChelsea 'reach major Fofana agreement' and edge towards secondBarcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hintChelsea boss Tuchel makes plea to Boehly to ask for 'one more' signing Chelsea are one of several clubs interested in signing the teenager this summer, with Sassuolo, Torino and OGC Nice all registering their interest. The trio’s involvement could be crucial as they would have no issue in satisfying Inter’s demand for a buy-back clause to be included in his contract. Sassuolo made a £5m bid for Casadei earlier in the window, but Inter flatly refused to consider selling one of their most talented academy graduates for such a low fee and rejected their offer. Chelsea will feel they have a slight advantage after ending their negotiations with Inter for Romelu Lukaku’s loan return to the San Siro on amicable terms. However, Inter’s refusal to budge on their valuation of Casadei may cause the club to rethink their approach after already spending £175m on five signings.