Pictures from the scene show huge plumes of black smoke rising in the sky behind a row of houses.  Eight fire engines have been sent to the scene, and firefighters are working to extinguish the flames. Firefighters are advising anyone living or working nearby to keep windows and doors closed as a precaution due to smoke. Residents have been sharing photos to social media showing the large amount of smoke filling the sky. Some people have reported seeing smoke from miles away in South East London.  One person tweeted that the fire was visible from Sidcup. Another said: "I’m a few miles away and was getting a little worried. Stay safe to your crews." Kent Fire and Rescue Service tweeted: "Crews are currently tackling a fire on Birchwood Road in Dartford. Firefighters are advising anyone living or working nearby to keep windows and doors closed as a precaution due to smoke." The crew were called to the fire involving trees and vegetation at around 3:24pm.  The Kent fire department was later assisted by crews from the London Fire Brigade - Biggin Hill, Orpington and Erith to tackle the large fire. A Kent Fire and Rescue spokesperson said: "Kent Fire and Rescue Service is at the scene of a fire involving trees and vegetation on Birchwood Road in Dartford. "Eight fire engines have been sent to the scene, and firefighters are working to extinguish the flames. "Crews are currently advising anyone who lives or works nearby to keep windows and doors closed as a precaution due to smoke coming from the incident."  On Friday, Kent firefighters also tackled a wildfire in Dartford Heath which saw 400 square metres of grassland go up in flames. Kent Fire and Rescue Service said four fire engines were sent to the blaze and used hose reel jets to extinguish it. The incident came just two days after fire crews put out a similar blaze on the heath. The fire service has since issued a warning to take sensible precautions to minimise the risk of fires as the warm, dry weather is forecast to continue. 