Prince William, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and their three children are reportedly set to move into Adelaide Cottage in Windsor this year. Their current residence, Kensington Palace, has been descibed as a "glorious prison" and according to 9honey's royal expert Natalie Oliveri, the Cambridge Family's new home will offer more "privacy away from the cameras" compared to their London home. Ms Oliveri discussed the Cambridges' move on Australia's Today Show with hosts Karl Stefanovic and Allison Langdon Speaking on the Today Show, Ms Oliveri said: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their three children, they are said to be moving into a new home in the coming weeks. "This is at Windsor, Adelaide Cottage. "This is just a stone's throw away from Windsor Castle." She added: "This will allow them to become, to be much closer to the Queen as they increase their royal duties." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Rug pulled from under Harry as THREE new bombshells to upstage Duke Ms Oliveri pointed out that the new home will "offer a lot of privacy away from cameras" and that it has "a much bigger garden" compared to their Kensington residence. She added: "Kensington Palace has been described as a glorious prison. "So this is going to be a very big change for the Cambridges." She also noted that due to the move, William and Kate's three children will be attending the same school for the first time. READ MORE: Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie banished by Princess Diana after fallout with Fergie She added: "They are rumoured to be starting at the Lambrook School, which is right near Windsor Castle and Ascot. "It will be really nice to see George, Louis and Charlotte all at the same school." Adelaide Cottage is located on the 4,800-acre Windsor Great Park, which is privately managed by the Crown Estate.  It is just half of a mile away from Windsor Castle, which is the Queen's primary residence. In addition to being closer to several members of the Royal Family, including the Wessexes, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will also be a stone throw's away from Kate's parents, who also reside in Berkshire. Prince William is currently second in line to the throne, after his father, Prince Charles. When Prince Charles becomes King, William and Catherine will be known as the Prince and Princess of Wales. READ NEXT: