KSI is not sure whether DAZN will allow him to face Andrew Tate on their streaming platform due to the internet star’s contentious nature. But David Haye is keen to see it happen and believes they can’t stop him from fighting. After defeating rapper Swarmz and 2-6 professional boxer Luis Pineda on the same night, KSI took to the mic to call out his next opponent. The British YouTube star listed a number of high-profile influencers including Tate, Tommy Fury, Slim, and the winner of Austin McBroom vs AnEsonGib. The biggest pop from the crowd undoubtedly came when The Cobra’s name was mentioned, in a fight that Tate himself is keen to have. The entrepreneur recently threatened to break “every bone” in KSI’s face after the British YouTube star described his opinions on women as ‘skewed’ and ‘terrible’. And it is those views that could potentially land DAZN in hot water if they decide to broadcast the fight as part of their X Series. Tate has been widely criticised for his controversial ideologies leading to him being banned from all social media. Giving his thoughts on the match-up, KSI admitted that the likelihood of the fight taking place is uncertain. “Andrew Tate has come through his smoke thinking he’s all this and all that, ‘let’s talk, let’s make it happen’ but I don’t know if DAZN will even allow him on the card just because of [what he’s said]. If they allow it, then it’s going to be a fun time for sure,” KSI told iFL TV. In response to DAZN’s ‘expected’ position, speaking to the same YouTube channel, Haye said: “He speaks from the heart, he says it how he sees it and they’ve tried to shut him down and block him. Everyone’s got a right to say whatever they want to say. “If you don’t want to hear it, don’t listen to it. But from a fighting perspective if he wants to come back and fight there’s plenty of names out there for him, one hundred per cent. They can’t stop him from fighting. They might be able to block his Instagram and his YouTube, but they can’t stop him getting into the ring and fighting and he’s a natural born fighter, he’s a nice guy as well, proper good guy.” When asked whether it is a fight he would like to see, Haye continued: “I’ll be ringside for that one for damn sure. The names are getting crazy. Yes please.”