Royal author Andrew Morton famously sent shockwaves through the Royal Family in 1992, when he released the book Diana: Her True Story which included a series of bombshell claims regarding the Princess of Wales. Only following the death of Diana in August 1997, Mr Morton revealed Diana had been one of his main sources for the book, providing a recount of her life as a royal and her marriage with Prince Charles via tape rather than during an in-person interview. Ahead of the 25th anniversary of her death, Mr Morton revisited some of the most upsetting revelations made to him by Diana. One included the royal speaking of the moment she eavesdropped a phone conversation between Prince Charles and Camilla, who at the time was married to Andrew Parker Bowles. Writing in the Daily Mail, Mr Morton reported Diana claiming: "I once heard him on the telephone in his bath on his hand-held set, saying: ‘Whatever happens, I will always love you.’ "I told him afterwards that I had listened at the door, and we had a filthy row." Diana added that was not the only time he had a discussion with Prince Charles about Camilla. In March 1981, just months before the Waleses' marriage at St Paul's Cathedral, Diana was photographed crying at the airport as Prince Charles was leaving for a five-week-long tour to New Zealand and Australia. While the media interpreted these tears as sadness for the departure, Diana they had "nothing to do with him going". Mr Morton reported her saying: "The most awful thing had happened before he went. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle "I was in his study talking to him, when the telephone rang. "It was Camilla, just before he was going [away] for five weeks. "I thought: ‘Shall I be nice [and let him talk to her in private] or shall I just sit here?’ "So I thought I’d be nice, so I left them to it. It just broke my heart, that." Diana and Charles first met at the Spencers' ancestral home, Althorp House in Northamptonshire, when she was 16. At the time, the Prince was Wales was dating one of Diana's elder sisters, Lady Sarah McCorquodale. While Charles and Diana saw each other on other occasions during the following months, they didn't start dating until she was 18. On the other hand, Charles had met Camilla in the early 1970s. Charles and Diana married in July 1981 at St Paul's Cathedral. After welcoming two children, their marriage broke down and in 1992 Prime Minister John Major announced to the Commons the Waleses had decided to separate. In an interview with Jonathan Dimbleby two years later, Prince Charles spoke about the collapse of his marriage. Asked if he had "faithful and honourable" to his wife, the heir to the throne said: "Yes, until it became irretrievably broken down, us both having tried." One year later, Diana famously said there were "three people" in her marriage during the now-notorious interview for BBC Panorama with Martin Bashir. Charles and Diana's relationship ended in a divorce finalised in the summer of 1996. Two years after Diana's death, the Prince of Wales made his relationship with Camilla public. The pair married during a civil service in April 2005, after which Camilla became a working member of the Firm.