Inevitably the blame is being levelled at the shortage of staff in care homes and that will certainly be playing its part but I know from first-hand observation that bureaucracy plays a huge role. Four years ago, when the NHS reached its 70th anniversary, I participated in a documentary called Celebrities On The NHS Front Line in which I spent seven days working in a major London hospital. On one of those days I observed discharge procedures and clutched my head in disbelief. When you or I need a prescription we take it to a chemist and take the resulting medicine home. Thus, I expected patients leaving hospital to be taken to the hospital pharmacy on the way out for either they themselves or an accompanying nurse to collect the necessary medicine to take at home. Nope. A nurse has to go down to the pharmacy, bring the medicine back and check it out on the ward itself before the patient can be moved. Why? Terror of being sued in event of a mistake. "OK," I said naively. "Then why not get the patient up, dressed, ready and in the day room so that the bed can be prepared?" Silly question. Something might stop the discharge and then the bed would have gone. That however was as nothing compared to the nonsense of "safety assessments". One patient was refused a discharge because Social Services had failed to install a keypad outside his house for carers to effect entry. Leave key with a neighbour until keypad had been fixed? Too risky. He must occupy the much-needed bed until the installation had taken place. Then staff had to suffer the frustration of irresponsible families. These were just two of the responses which nurses told me they had to deal with: "Come home? No. I am going to divorce him. Send him somewhere else," and "I've got too much work on. Keep her another three days". As I said at the time, relatives behaving in such a way should face stiff fines for wasting NHS resources but they don't. Common sense it ain't. The migrant crisis grows more crass by the day and still politicians wring their hands and do dash all. People come here because they know there is barely an ice cube's in hell chance of being returned because we don't practise detention on any scale, don't have national identity cards but do have a flourishing underground economy. In short, we are the easiest country in which to disappear. Either we have to routinely detain all new asylum seekers in secure accommodation (my policy in the 2001 General Election) or introduce national identity cards - or both. The first costs money initially (but saves it in the long run) and the second upsets libertarians despite all of us carrying ID in one form or another (passports, driving licences, work passes) but the only other option is to endure the current situation as it is. We need action not words. If Emily Maitlis seriously thinks there is a Tory bias at the BBC, then she must have gone through the looking glass with Alice. Its left-wing bent has been clear for all to see for years and has been acknowledged by departing BBC staff. Her lament about the requirement for balance during the Brexit referendum sounds pretty hollow, when the results suggested the country was pretty evenly divided. However, for ministers to say they are going to boycott her in future is silly. You do not make your voice heard by self-imposed silence. Yet while we are on the subject of impartiality, what says the BBC to a full, evenly balanced debate on climate change and net zero? No? Now there's a surprise! If Jacob Rees-Mogg has been the biggest dinosaur in resisting working from home as the future, then at least he has been the first to act in accepting its consequences and announcing proposals to sell-off redundant government offices. Future generations will look back on pictures of huge offices with the same wry amusement with which we look at pictures of Victorian London. Times change and we do better to adapt than trying to turn the tide. We need more housing and a Government department would convert into quite a number of jolly flats, providing of course they weren't all snapped up by oligarchs. After all, haven't local authorities and ministers been wondering how to accommodate Afghan interpreters still holed up in hotels? Now I have heard it all. An elderly woman was told to take a video of her dead husband's body so that the GP could certify his death without the bother of a home visit. A friend helped her by doing the video herself and sparing the widow. I'm all for asking people just to get on with it but this crosses a big red line. For sheer insensitivity it beggars belief and the GP should be named.