Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don, 67, recently announced the arrival of his granddaughter Daisy Rose Don. The horticulturist joked his bundle of joy had been left momentarily "bemused" while being cuddled by a "strange man". Taking to Twitter on August 7, the BBC favourite shared an adorable photo of Daisy, who was born in May. Monty sweetly held his granddaughter close to his chest as he rested his head on top of the little one's sun hat. The gardening expert, who boasts 270,000 followers, was inundated with messages after he racked up over 57,000 likes after sharing a rare family photo. He tweeted: "My granddaughter Daisy - slightly bemused by sun hat and being cuddled by strange man but strange man could not be happier." READ MORE: Naga Munchetty hits back as she's branded 'most annoying person on TV' The BBC presenter's fans flocked to the comment section as they gushed over the heartwarming picture. Twitter user, @monmastres tweeted: "Beautiful photo!!!! Thanks for sharing! She looks gorgeous!" @Dianneph08 commented: "One of my most treasured possessions. Grandchildren really are a blessing... enjoy every minute." @whitewhitecloud remarked: "I can’t take my eyes off this picture. I hope Daisy keeps that mesmerising look always."  @BuskervilleJudy wrote: "It truly is a wonderful feeling becoming a grandparent. Daisy looks gorgeous if a little bemused!" "This is beautiful. What a proud grandfather. We have just found out we are going to be grandparents to a baby girl. It's our first grandchild and we can't wait to say hello to her,"@vicky2972 added. Earlier this year, Monty announced the joyous news with a post on Twitter that read: "Daisy Rose Don born today, a sister to George. A perfect way to end a beautiful May day." The horticulturalist, who shares three grown up children, Tom, Adam, and Freya, with his wife Sarah Don, announced the happy news. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson's Diddly Squat restaurant investigated by council[LATEST]Giovanni Pernice has perfect response as fan quizzes his love life[STRICTLY]Strictly's Vincent Simone on Anton Du Beke replacing judge[EXCLUSIVE] Monty and Sarah were already proud grandparents to their grandson George, and they have now welcomed a granddaughter into the family. At the time, fans rushed to congratulate the grandad on his latest family arrival. Heather Sharpe penned: “Aww congratulations grandad, love the name Daisy. Just so happens, daisies are one of my favourite flowers, such a pretty, simple little flower xx.” Kathy Dewhurst wrote: “What a perfect tweet for a glorious May day and a beautiful floral name of course. I hope her life will be filled with sunshine and flowers always!” Elsewhere, Monty recently shared some exciting news with his legion of loyal fans as he revealed he is currently working on more gardening and travel shows. Monty penned: "Just had the green light for two new series for the BBC - one on Spanish gardens next year and another biggie on UK gardens, to be filmed across next two years - alongside GW of course. "Same team that made Adriatic, Japanese, American, French, Paradise etc. Very exciting." Gardeners' World airs Friday on BBC Two at 8.30pm.