Newcastle are reportedly set to make a late offer for one of their targets before the transfer deadline closes on Thursday. Eddie Howe’s side have failed to recruit a midfielder this summer but could yet be closing in on an option from a Premier League rival. Leicester’s Youri Tielemans has emerged as a late transfer target according to 90min and could represent a budget option with the Belgian having just one year left on his contract at the King Power Stadium. The 25-year-old has been linked with Arsenal, Manchester United and Liverpool this summer so Newcastle may have to fend off interest from the top six having already suffered rejection this summer. The Magpies have been interested in Ajax’s Edson Alvarez, who has been the subject of a bid from Chelsea, West Ham’s new record signing Lucas Paqueta and Tielemans’ current team-mate James Maddison but have been unable to land a midfield signing. Alexander Isak, who scored on his Toon debut away to Liverpool on Wednesday, has joined Nick Pope, Sven Botman and Matt Targett as Howe’s new recruits this summer but the Newcastle boss refused to rule out any more additions. "I don't expect to be [making more signings],” Howe said in his pre-Liverpool press conference. “We are very pleased with the business we have done. As I say the injuries we have we believe to be short-term. There might be a bit of short-term pain around the squad longer term when bodies are back we are very strong. That's not to say we are totally closed off. We are obviously still looking but I don't expect any major business to be done." JUST IN: Arsenal 'working on Danilo transfer' as Arteta discovers Palmeiras' stance on £18m sale Newcastle will have to battle Arsenal for Tielemans’ signature however, as injuries to midfielders Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny may force the Gunners into accelerating plans to sign the Belgian. Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell expects Mikel Arteta’s side to complete a deal for Tielemans before Thursday’s deadline. “I think Arsenal have to do some business there,” Campbell told Football Insider. “It’s been going on all summer with Tielemans, and I think now Arsenal are quite depleted with the injuries – it’s something they should get done. He fits into that midfield and this side really well – he’s a top-quality player.” DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers has admitted that Tielemans may not always feature in his teams amid ongoing speculation surrounding his future. The midfielder was dropped for the Foxes’ defeat to Southampton earlier this month and Rodgers hopes for a solution soon. “It’s game to game,” Rodgers said after dropping Tielemans. “I judge on what people are doing now. “Youri, it’s been a tough period for him. Hopefully over these next few weeks, his situation will be made clearer and we’ll understand it better. He’s still an outstanding player. But it’s not just about the best players, it’s about the best team and the best collective.”