On Tuesday morning, cyclist Dame Laura Kenny appeared on BBC Breakfast to discuss her recent win. She also opened up about throwing in the towel and preparing for retirement before gaining her gold medal at the Commonwealth Games.  Laura achieved a monumental win during Monday’s Commonwealth Games as she was the first to win gold for England’s cycling team. She joined BBC presenters Ben Thompson and Sally Nugent to talk about her win, when she opened up about how she prepared to retire. Ben quizzed the athlete about the sport and asked: “Is it still your happy place?” She admitted: “It’s not as happy as my family life.” READ MORE: This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves   Laura continued: “It was always going to happen, you always speak to athletes who always say ‘When you have a family, you realise.' “One of our favourite mechanics, Mark, he left before 2016 and I remember being like ‘Don’t leave, you can’t leave, why would you do this to us?’ “He was like ‘Laura I have a family and you’ll understand one day, when you have a family.’” “Obviously, now I do have a family,” she added.    Speaking on her desires: “There’s just lots of times where I’m like ‘I wish I was doing that,’ I wished I was going to Legoland for example. “How he went to Legoland, I wished I was going with him.” Laura continued: “There’s a few things that, it's that side of things that I enjoy a lot more at the minute than I do, the getting up and getting out on my bike every single day.” After a brilliant victory in the race, Laura also opened up about having a “serious confidence crisis". DON'T MISS...'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast fans fume over 'pointless' BP profits coverage [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex and Lady Louise change outfits with matching red style [INSIGHT]   Laura was faced with a number of struggles which included an injury, a miscarriage in November and an ectopic pregnancy earlier in the year. Speaking to the presenters, she disclosed: “Since November just hasn’t been ideal has it, in terms of build up. “Had my personal life gone the way Jason and I thought it was going to, I wouldn't have even been competing at the Commonwealth Games. “We would’ve been having another little boy or little girl so it took a lot for me to commit at riding my bike again.”    Laura’s husband Sir Jason Kenny is also an accomplished athlete and track cyclist. He holds the current record as the holder of most Olympic gold medals and medals for a British athlete. Together Jason and Laura are the most successful married couple in Olympic history. Between them, they have 16 Olympic medals, 13 golds and three silvers, the couple also share a four-year-old son, Albie. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.   