Now I must confess, I have not followed this increasingly desperate battle of bad ideas that is this Conservative leadership contest blow-by-blow - but this one did grab my attention. For the very same people who spent years promising to level up our great country now want to level it down - by cutting pay for some of our country’s most hard pressed key workers - but only the pay of those living outside London and the South East! I was stunned. But wait! By lunchtime today Liz Truss had run a thousand miles from her own press release. It is fair to say that when a political party announces a policy that is so clearly a terrible idea, the best thing to do is U-turn before it is actually unleashed on the hard-working police officers, nurses and teachers it was designed to clobber. But how did it even get to be announced in the first place? The sad truth is Liz Truss has supported the idea of cutting the pay of hundreds of thousands of frontline public sector workers for years. To support cutting the pay of hard-working doctors, nurses and teachers is bad enough at any time, but to actively promote it in the middle of a cost of living crisis is a disgrace. To add to this, the fact that we are struggling more than ever to recruit and keep staff in key public services like the NHS and police just adds a whole lot of insult to injury. This is about Liz Truss’s judgement, or lack thereof. If Truss cannot even run a decent leadership campaign, how on earth can it be expected that the front runner to be Prime Minister can run our great country? With our NHS in crisis, with children in our schools far behind because of Covid, with a crime epidemic on our streets, it should not have taken a media backlash for Liz Truss to figure out that her favourite policy is an absolute howler. Whether it is Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak, these Conservative leadership hopefuls are both desperately out of touch. Whether it is the crisis in our schools, or our hospitals or the broader cost of living emergency, from them we have heard no real plan for our country. With families and pensioners panicking about heating bills this winter, and the price at the pump, all we get from these two is hollow promises, and u-turns in the making. As this marathon leadership contest continues I know one thing for sure - we will not get either a plan for our country to succeed, or the change we need to make our country thrive, until we have got this whole Government out of power. Sir Ed Davey is leader of the Liberal Democrats.