The fate of Kim Wexler (played by Rhea Seehorn) was left infuriatingly ambiguous after the latest episode of Better Call Saul. While some fans of the pre-Breaking Bad misadventures of Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) are convinced they’ve seen the last of her, Rhea’s forthcoming talk show interview could be a promising sign she’ll be back in at least one of the remaining two episodes. Kim may be avoiding a violent end after all thanks to Rhea’s scheduled appearance on the next Talking Saul. AMC’s aftershow discussion is slated to take place as usual next Monday after the penultimate episode of the series, Waterworks. After a shocking visit from Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton), a traumatised Kim left her job as a lawyer and split up with Jimmy. Jimmy fully embraced his shady alter-ego, Saul Goodman, but a disturbing phone call several years in the future seems to have delivered some bad news about Kim. READ MORE: POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup? Some viewers were left convinced Jimmy, now known as Gene Takavic, learned his wife was dead. However, Rhea’s upcoming slot on Talking Saul makes it unlikely she won’t be appearing in the next episode in at least some capacity. She will be appearing on the talk show alongside her on-screen partner Bob Odenkirk, as well as series developers Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould. While her appearance doesn’t 100 percent confirm Kim’s survival, it certainly gives fans a little more hope her fate may not be quite as cut and dry as Gene’s phone call implies. Executive producer Thomas Schnauz, who wrote the latest episode, also confirmed more about Gene’s phone call will be revealed. “We will learn the details of the phone call; we will know what was said in a future episode,” he told Entertainment Weekly. “It's just right now we wanted to keep the mystery going of: What is going on in the world of Kim Wexler?” Unfortunately, Thomas’ teases for the next episodes also presented some worrying implications for Kim’s whereabouts in both the past and future timelines. DON'T MISS:Countdown fans tip Les Dennis as permanent replacement [REACTION]P-Valley creator teases major change to Patrice Woodbine [INTERVIEW]The Blacklist season 10: Crew member shares filming update [INSIGHT] He continued: “You said she's alive, but I don't know. Is she alive? “Can you tell from that phone call? He asked for Kim Wexler on the end of that line and then heard something that made him slam the phone down and break the glass. “So we'll find out in a future episode exactly what words were spoken.” Thomas then added: “I mean, I always love more Kim Wexler, so it was hard to do.” “We'll see what comes in the future episodes. There's only two left, so hopefully everything will be answered.” Rhea’s talk show stint isn’t a guarantee of Kim’s appearance in the next episode, but she could provide some valuable insight into her character’s whereabouts heading into the finale. After Monday, there’s just one episode left until Vince and Peter’s entire Breaking Bad universe comes to an end so, hopefully, Kim’s ultimate fate won’t leave fans disappointed. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix in the UK.