Instead, Meghan reaches "for an energising fruit smoothie instead". As caffeine stays in the body for several hours after it is consumed, "it can affect the body’s production of melatonin – the sleep hormone – and interfere with getting enough deep sleep," they explained. The Duchess of Sussex's sleep habits are key to maintaining a slim body. This is because a good night's sleep helps with digestion and weight loss and ensures healthy and glowing skin in the morning. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss hack: Avoid weight gain and still eat chocolate  It is recommended adults over 40 get between seven to nine hours of sleep every day. Meghan Markle also regularly practices yoga, a restorative form of exercise which combats anxiety and helps you wind down naturally before bed. The Duchess of Sussex said back in 2019: “I love an intense vinyasa class. "And even better if it’s blasting hip-hop and done in a dark room with candlelight. The best!  "I’ll do yoga a couple of times a week... "Hot yoga specifically,” she told Women’s Health. The Duchess also explained: "I was very resistant as a kid, but [my mum] said, 'Flower, you will find your practice – just give it time.' "In college, I started doing it more regularly," Meghan told Best Health Magazine. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' According to Healthline, yoga can be an "effective tool" to help slimmers lose weight, especially the more active forms of yoga. The recommended styles to burn calories are vinyasa and power yoga. The health site explained: "These types of yoga keep you moving almost constantly, which helps you to burn calories. "Practice yoga as often as possible in order to lose weight." To lose weight it is advised to practise more active, intense yoga at least three to five times per week for at least one hour. "If you’re a beginner, start slowly. "Start with a 20-minute practice and build up from there. This allows you to build strength and flexibility and prevent injuries. Allow yourself one full day of rest each week. "Combine your yoga practice with activities such as walking, cycling, or swimming for added cardiovascular benefits," Healthline recommended.