Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee want their son’s last hours to be spent in peace away from hospital – but doctors say the little boy is too unstable to be moved. The couple’s heartbreaking legal battle to prevent Archie’s life support being withdrawn was dealt a final blow on Wednesday when European judges refused to interfere with the decision of UK courts. But they yesterday launched a fresh challenge. And lawyers for the family and for the hospital trust caring for Archie were both presenting their cases at the hearing which was covered by reporting restrictions. Earlier, Ms Dance said she wanted her little boy to “spend his last moments” with family in a peaceful and private environment. She said: “We can’t even have the chance to be in a room together as a family, without nurses. There’s absolutely no privacy. The courts keep going on about this dignified death. “Why aren’t we allowed to take our child to a hospice and spend his last moments together privately?” Keen gymnast and boxer Archie has been in a coma since April 7 when he was found unconscious at home in Southend, Essex. Doctors at the Royal London Hospital have declared him brain-stem dead. A family spokesperson said a hospice had agreed to take Archie, adding: “He is now on palliative care so there is no reason for him not to take his last moments at a hospice.” But Barts Health NHS Trust said moving Archie “would most likely hasten the premature deterioration the family wish to avoid”. Independent experts agreed moving Archie may not be in his best interests. Neena Modi, a professor of neonatal medicine at Imperial College London, who writes in the Daily Express today, said: “The risk of sudden death, possibly in a busy hospital corridor or in an ambulance, would be high.” The family said this week medics in Italy and Japan had offered to treat Archie. But Dominic Wilkinson, a professor of medical ethics at Oxford University, said transfer abroad would carry even more risk. He added: “There are no treatments in Japan, Italy or anywhere else that offer any prospect of helping Archie.” 