Manchester United might make a last-gasp move for Antony as they reportedly believe that Ajax might relax their £67.5million valuation of the winger closer to the transfer deadline. Head coach Erik ten Hag made the Brazilian a key target ahead of the transfer window but hit a stumbling block over the Dutch side’s asking price. United could now go back in with a bid in the coming weeks over a theory that Ajax will soften their stance over the player. Ajax, who allowed Ten Hag to join United at the end of last season, had initially remained firm that neither Lisandro Martinez nor Antony would be sold this summer. They then allowed the Red Devils to sign one of their targets, with Martinez arriving at Old Trafford in July. A pressing need to improve Ten Hag’s defensive options saw them prioritise the Argentine over Antony. But United now believe the 22–year-old can be signed in a cut-price deal ahead of the September 2 transfer deadline. They had been quoted £67.5m (€80m) earlier in the summer but could revisit their interest with a £50.5m (€60m) proposal. READ MORE: Man Utd could stumble upon 'sensible' £25m striker signing by accident That is according to the Brazilian edition of Goal, who claim that the Old Trafford hierarchy feel Ajax will budge in their valuation of one of their prized assets. It could mean Ten Hag is finally given another of his transfer targets after a frustrating few months. Antony scored 10 goals in 35 appearances across all competitions last season. The Brazil international bagged his first strike of the 2022-23 campaign in Ajax’s 6-1 thrashing of Feyenoord on Sunday. United are in disarray after a horrendous start to the Premier League season. Ten Hag and United transfer chiefs are scrambling for new signings after the Red Devils were woeful in their dismal defeats by Brighton and Brentford. DON'T MISS...Jamie Vardy’s stance as Man Utd consider signing Leicester starDe Jong ‘ready to speak out against Barcelona’ with Man Utd convincedWhere has it all gone wrong for Man Utd - Big Debate The dire situation seemed like it could not get worse after United followed up a disappointing summer with a 2-1 opening-day reverse against the Seagulls. But they were then demolished 4-0 by Brentford on Saturday evening. The Bees led 4-0 within 35 minutes and could have extended their lead by more in the second half. United’s attack - including wantaway forward Cristiano Ronaldo - were poor and would benefit from the addition of the productive Antony. The Red Devils are expected to soon complete the transfer of Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot. The Frenchman will join Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia in arriving at the club during the summer transfer window. Ten Hag needs more additions, though, and that will surely be the priority over the next few weeks.  