Manchester United have reportedly learned that PSV Eindhoven winger Cody Gakpo will likely cost them in excess of a mammoth £42.5million, while Chelsea are also understood to be reluctant to allow Christian Pulisic to join the Red Devils for fear of strengthening a Premier League rival. Erik ten Hag remains intent on reinforcing his ranks, particularly in attack, before the transfer window closes in just over a week's time. Having only acquired Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez in a summer full of struggles within the transfer market, United face a race against time to strengthen their squad over the next week and a half. While progress continues to be made over a deal for Real Madrid's Casemiro, United are still looking to add in other key areas. Ten Hag remains optimistic of bolstering his forward line before the window closes, however his hopes of landing either Gakpo or Pulisic appear to have suffered setbacks. According to ESPN, United have discovered that PSV will demand a whopping fee in the region of £42.5m plus add-ons in exchange for Gakpo this summer. It has previously been said that recently-appointed PSV manager and former Red Devil Ruud van Nistelrooy would be 'devastated' to lose the winger in the current window. Intent on retaining one of their prized assets, the Eredivisie outfit have are also thought to have insisted they will not entertain negotiations of any sort for Gakpo until the outcome of their crucial Champions League qualifier with Rangers has been resolved this Wednesday. JUST IN: Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism United's desire to add to their attack has also seen them express surprise interest in Chelsea winger Pulisic. Ten Hag's team are understood to be 'hopeful' of signing the USMNT captain on loan. However, it appears increasingly unlikely that a deal will be struck between the two Premier League counterparts. One of the key issues hampering the chances of a loan move being agreed is Chelsea's alleged reluctance to allow Pulisic to potentially strengthen a Premier League rival. READ MORE: Antony compromise 'being discussed' as Ajax 'axe' Man Utd target United are also understood to be eyeing a move for Ajax winger Anthony, while the Blues appear intent on adding to their attack themselves before the window comes to a close, as they continue in their attempts to sign both Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Barcelona and Anthony Gordon from Everton over the next week or so. Chelsea were understood to have been planning showdown talks with Pulisic to clarify his future, with the 23-year-old said to be seeking assurances over game-time this season. United are thought to have joined the likes of Atletico Madrid, Juventus and Newcastle in enquiring about the American ace's availability.