The new Game of Thrones spin-off House of the Dragon has packed in plenty of references and allusions to the original fantasy series from the mind of George RR Martin. Set 200 years before the events of the mainline HBO drama, fans now believe the prequel has already teased another huge revelation to come about Night’s Watchman Jon Snow (played by Kit Harington). Jon Snow’s namesake King Aegon Targaryen could play a major role in sowing the seeds for the original A Song of Ice and Fire saga. An intriguing clue regarding Aegon’s dream may even hint at Jon becoming the destroyer of Westeros when he eventually returns in his own sequel series. In the original Game of Thrones, Jon discovers his true birth name is Aegon and he is actually the half-brother of his ally-turned-enemy Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke). As revealed in the new prequel, House of the Dragon, Aegon the Conqueror was the first ruler of the Seven Kingdoms years before his descendant King Viserys Targaryen (Paddy Considine) took power. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on 176 years before Daenerys’ birth, King Viserys names his only living child Princess Rhaenyra (Emma D’Arcy) as the heir to the Iron Throne. However, his grip on Westeros is shaken by an earth-shattering prophecy of a “song of ice and fire” from years past. “Our histories, they tell us that Aegon looked across the Blackwater from Dragonstone, saw a rich land ripe for the capital, but ambition alone is not what drove him to conquest,” Viserys says in the opening episode. “It was a dream. And just as Daenys foresaw the end of Valyria, Aegon foresaw the end of the world of men.” Some fans have now speculated the prophecy could be foretelling a grander plot in store for Jon Snow after Daenerys failed to either rule or destroy Westeros in the original series. Redditor Azrashi posted after the premiere: “King Viserys talks about Aegon's vision/dream, the song of ice and fire. “I believe Jon Snow/Aegon Targaryen is the chosen one.” Jon was originally presented as the illegitimate son of Ned Stark (Sean Bean), but his North and Targaryen heritage could be the song of ice and fire Aegon is referring to. DON'T MISS:SEAL Team season 6 theory: Clay Spenser’s exit ‘sealed’ by trailer [VIDEO]NCIS LA season 14: Crew member delivers explosive filming update [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes blasts BBC’s ‘unreasonable’ Strictly regulations [COMMENT] The post continued: “[His] mother being a Stark, literal ice in her veins being of the north for generations on generations. “[His father] Rhaegar, one of the many generations of Targaryens, blood of the dragon/fire. “Jon being born to these parents makes him born of ice and fire.” They added: “I wish GRRM would have finished the books so we could have gotten a proper ending to such an epic story.” Fantasy author George is still reportedly working on his sixth book in the series, The Winds of Winter, as of 2022. Fans have been waiting for well over a decade to find out how the story concludes on the page following the disappointing ending to HBO’s adaptation in 2019. Thankfully, the saga is only set to expand even further on screen, and the forthcoming Jon Snow sequel series could feature a dramatic face-heel turn from the Game of Thrones hero. House of the Dragon continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and Mondays on Sky and NOW in the UK.