Equity release lending in the UK reached a high of £1.6billion in the second quarter of this year – with the average sum being £132,331. Most applicants are aged between 68 and 70 and on a fixed pension, which is increasingly stretched as prices rocket. It was the fourth consecutive quarter with such lending at previously unseen levels. Many homeowners are also using the windfall to help out cash-strapped relatives. But some experts fear this will create a future crisis when anticipated inheritance pots are empty. Equity Release Council (ERC) data shows the total amount freed up in the first six months of 2022 topped £3.1billion. That is 36 per cent more than the previous six-month record of £2.3billion set last year. And it coincides with inflation at a 40-year high of 9.4 per cent and energy costs spiralling to almost £4,000 a year. Steve Wilkie, from mortgage broker Responsible Life, said: “As bills rise and interest rates climb, later-life borrowers have released more equity than ever. “There is huge uncertainty for retirees. Eye-watering rises in the energy price cap continue to focus minds. Older homeowners are preparing for what is set to be a once-in-a-generation squeeze on disposable incomes early next year.  “It’s no wonder they are opting to secure more money upfront, giving them a bank account buffer should they begin to feel the pinch. “With the price of everything from fuel to housing at record highs, a desire to provide financial help to family members is also likely to be partly responsible.” The number of new plans agreed between April and June also rose by 26 per cent on last year to 12,485, which the ERC said averaged at more than 200 plans a day. Equity release lets homeowners aged 55-plus take tax-free cash from the value of their home. The amount available is based on age and home value. The payout can be a lump sum or series of them. Typically, there are no repayments – the loan, including the interest accrued – is repaid from the sale of the property when you die or go into long-term care.