Chelsea are working on a deal to sign Rafael Leao from AC Milan as Thomas Tuchel targets more attacking additions to his squad before the transfer deadline. But the Blues’ attempt could be complicated by a legal wrangle involving the striker’s former clubs Lille and Sporting Lisbon. Leao and Ligue 1 club Lille have been ordered by the Court of Arbitration (CAS) to pay nearly £14million plus interest to the Portuguese club, which could interfere with his contract negotiations. Leao terminated his contract with the club in June 2018 before heading to join the French outfit at the age of 19, and he then sealed a £28m (€35m) move to Milan in 2020. And his failure to pay the amount since the CAS’ ruling means that the fee, including taxes, has now risen to £16m. The Times report the 23-year-old is interested in a move to Stamford Bridge as the two clubs attempt to work out a fee. Transfer reporter Matteo Moretto suggests that the Serie A giants quoted his mammoth £126m release clause be paid in full to secure his signature, although their actual asking price is believed to be somewhere closer to £80m. READ MORE: Chelsea's Boehly eyes eight exits as Emerson 'agrees' West Ham move The report adds that the west London outfit have been asked to put together a financial package that would eliminate the debt owed by Leao to his club, allowing him to repay the fine to Sporting without dipping into his own pocket. His release clause, with a £16m fee on top, would surely go beyond even what a club with Chelsea’s financial power could afford. But Tuchel may feel that it is a price worth paying after the Portugal international played a starring role in helping the Rossoneri end their 11-year wait for a Scudetto under Stefano Pioli last season. Leao not only scored 11 goals but laid on eight assists for his team-mates as Milan pipped Inter to the title. Talks took place between Chelsea and Milan officials over the weekend to discuss the possibility of a straight cash deal or including players in part-exchange for Leao, with both a possibility so close to the end of the window. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel has problem with two players if De Jong signsMan Utd's stance on selling Maguire as 'serious fears' emergeChelsea boss Tuchel blasted for bus excuse after Leeds loss Hakim Ziyech is one player who has been linked with a move to the San Siro, although the Moroccan is close to sealing a return to Ajax. Carney Chukwumueka was also a target for the Italian champions before Chelsea clinched a £20m deal for the 18-year-old. Chelsea have already splashed out nearly £200m this summer on six new signings, welcoming Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cucurella and Raheem Sterling as well as youngsters Chukwuemeka and Cesare Casadei. Talks are also ongoing for Leicester defender Wesley Fofana and Everton winger Anthony Gordon, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is in advanced talks over a return to London in an £18m deal from Barcelona. If all four deals go through, Boehly will have spent a record amount in a single Premier League transfer window, with a potential for £150m more to be spent on top of their current outlay.