Mr Brown claimed that he was always available to help the Labour Party as he praised current leader Sir Keir Starmer for his character. Gordon Brown claimed that Mr Starmer's political team that he was bringing together will make a radical change. The former Prime Minister has been making headlines with advice to the current British Government about how they should be tackling the current economic crisis. Mr Brown told Sky News: "Keir Starmer is going to be a great Prime Minister of this country. "And I think everybody knows he's the person of integrity, he's made the right decisions to rejuvenate the Labour Party. "And I think he is a person that people can turn to, without a great deal of hope, as well as a huge amount of trust." Sky News host Kamali Brown said: "And would you work in a cabinet that he set up, Sir?"  JUST IN: Boris slammed by Labour after abandoning his ‘zombie Government’ while on honeymoon     Mr Brown added: "I'm not going to be invited back, but obviously I'm here to help and I'm too young to be an American politician when you look at the ages of American politicians. "But I know that it's time for other people to take their helm. "And look the team that Keir Starmer is bringing together is incredibly impressive and I think you can look forward to something in our politics that will make a radical change in the way that we do things."    READ MORE:'Crazy to ditch Boris!' Americans want outgoing PM to replace Biden as US President - POLL     But the Labour leader could still be facing years before he secures a chance to secure a victory for his party at the polls. Mr Starmer is likely to face either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss at the next General Election.Bookmakers currently have Ms Truss tipped to become the next British Prime Minister.And both candidates have been encouraged to tackle the country's current financial crisis as the cost of living crisis is predicted to worsen in autumn. DON’T MISS: Truss & Sunak handed masterplan to unleash ‘vast’ opportunities for UK economy[INSIGHT] Washington DC terror: Lightning strike leaves four people in critical condition [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan and Harry could return to Firm as ‘no one wants Sussexes around' [SPOTLIGHT]     Coral spokesman John Hill has claimed that Liz Truss is leading the way.Mr Hill said: "Our betting firmly suggests Liz Truss is set to win the Conservative Leadership election and become the next Prime Minister."The odds indicate she has a 93 per cent chance of beating Rishi Sunak, following strong support behind her over the last 24 hours." 