Tomatoes are a summer staple for gardeners and are best enjoyed when they’re red, juicy, and plucked fresh from the vine. While most crops will ripen with no problems, late fruits can take much longer to mature - so what can you do to speed up the process? Here’s how to ripen green tomatoes to get the most out of your warm-season crop. While all tomatoes are green before turning red, yellow, orange or purple, they are not good for harvesting due to their hard texture and lack of flavour. If the fruits are small and green, it is best to leave them for a little longer to ripen up, though there are a few things that can be done to encourage larger green tomatoes to reach their final shade. According to Gardeners’ World, the “best flavours” are said to come from tomatoes which are “ripened on the vine”, so it is always recommended that you make the most of the light and warmth outdoors, to naturally develop the fruits as much as possible before attempting indoor methods. READ MORE: Dame Julie Andrews home: Mary Poppins star’s quiet life “Topping” a plant involves cutting or pinching off the growing tip to redirect the plant's energy to other areas. This often causes tomato bushes to grow outwards rather than upwards, but it is also used to improve the yield and size of the fruits. Gardeners’ World said: “Simply cut through the main stem a couple of leaves above the uppermost truss of green fruits. “Removing leaves from the plant can also ensure the maximum amount of light possible can reach the fruits, helping them to ripen.” Tomato plants grown in pots indoors or in a greenhouse can be pruned to focus the plant’s energy on unripe fruits. All you need to do is remove any flowers on the plant, as these have “no chance” of developing into tomatoes, according to Gardeners’ World. Instead, the energy that would have been used by the flowers is redirected into ripening existing tomatoes which need a boost. DON'T MISS:Tomato plants: How to grow ‘bigger and tastier’ tomatoes in gardens [INSIGHT]How to preserve food at home: 4 foods to preserve to reduce food waste [ANALYSIS]18 food storage hacks to make your shopping last longer [REVEAL] Green tomatoes shouldn’t be picked regularly, though they can be removed from the plant if the temperature outside is beginning to fall in order to ripen them indoors. If you do pick green tomatoes, always ensure they're at their mature green stage. Emma Loker, an expert gardener at DIY Garden said: “These will be as large as fully ripened tomatoes, sport a pale green colour, and won't be as hard as nails when you squeeze them.” Once the fruits have been picked, there are a few ways to ripen them up indoors. Storing the dense tomatoes in a certain way is just one method you can try, though you should be prepared to wait between one and three weeks for the fruits to turn fleshy and red. A paper bag is the easiest storage method to use, though a cardboard box will also work. One thing you should always avoid while ripening fruits indoors is using plastic bags as this will encourage rotting rather than ripening. To accelerate ripening further, a banana or apple can be added to the bag. These fruits, as well as the tomatoes themselves, produce ethylene gas that promotes ripening.