Forecasters have warned that more dry weather and temperature rises are expected next week as the impacts of climate change get laid bare on Britain, with some areas expected to see low or mid-30s degrees Celsius heat. One change households can make is installing reflective insulation technologies, which Actis UK and Ireland sales director, Mark Cooper said has the “specific ability to counteract heat transfer via radiation”. He said: “This helps to reflect the solar heat and keep the property at a constant low relative temperature”. While Government intervention to ramp up the roll out of installation had been slow, Prime Minister Boris Johnson did eventually tell Ministers to find £1billion in funding to go towards a major home insulation scheme, according to reports. Although his tenure is ending, Gillian Charlesworth, the CEO of the Building Research Establishment, told Express.co.uk “there’s growing optimism that the Government is starting to recognise the importance of insulation as we experience increasingly extreme temperatures”. And as the help with this is yet to be provided to households by the Government, Ms Charlesworth shared other short-term and long-term tips Britons could use to alleviate the burden of the sweltering heat. She told Express.co.uk: “In the short-term, it’s recommended that households keep windows and blinds closed at certain times of the day, waiting until early evening to open them again. “In the longer-term, upgrading windows to double or triple glazing can also help households in the summer, particularly for those who have homes with thinner walls. “Installing canopies and shutters in larger buildings will also help provide winter warmth and summer cool.” Other experts have also highlighted the importance of insulation amid scorching temperatures. Mike Childs, head of science at Friends of the Earth told openDemocracy: “The beauty of insulation is that it slows the process of heat moving through walls. READ MORE: Putin’s Iran alliance: Russia to launch spy satellite for Tehran “So, in the winter it stops warmth escaping from well-insulated buildings, while in the summer it does the opposite – it actually slows heat moving into our homes.” Michael Swainson, who is also from BRE and a construction expert, said that “insulation will reduce the amount of heat gain from a hot loft in the summer”, disputing claims heat is trapped by having insulated walls. This comes as meteorologists warn that the UK is likely to regularly see temperatures above 40 degrees Celsius, even if the world manages to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees, as climate scientists have urged is necessary to save humanity from disaster. DON'T MISS Putin accused of BURNING his own gas supply [REVEAL] Heat pump breakthrough as UK handed ‘low-cost solution’ to flaw [INSIGHT] Physicist apologises for photo of star which was a slice of sausage [REPORT] Liz Bentley, chief executive of the Royal Meteorological Society, the organisation which raised the alarm, warned that the UK has already been suffering from extreme heat as a result of the warming of 1.1C to 1.2C above pre-industrial levels. She said: “If you take that up by another 0.3C, these [heatwaves] are just going to become much more intense – we’re likely to see 40C in the UK although we have never seen those kinds of temperatures (before). “As we hit 1.5C of global warming, that’s going to not just become something that we see once or twice, it’ll start to become something that we see on a much more regular basis.”