Chelsea have been urged against hijacking Manchester United's pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong because he's 'too similar' to Thomas Tuchel's current options. Former Blues defender William Gallas has told the club to target someone in the mould of two other high-profile stars rather than the Dutchman. De Jong has been at the core of the summer's longest-running transfer saga amid Barcelona's desire to cash in and balance the books due to their financial woes. Manchester United had agreed a fee for the 25-year-old weeks ago, but his preference is to remain at the Nou Camp. The delay has allowed Chelsea to enter the frame, and they are now closing in on joining United by shaking hands on a deal with Barca. And despite De Jong's primary desire to remain in Catalonia, they can offer him Champions League football, which Erik ten Hag and United can't. But Gallas doesn't want his ex-club to move for him, claiming they should target holding midfielders of Real Madrid's Casemiro and Manchester City star Rodri's ilk instead. He told Genting Casino: "De Jong is a great player. He is still young, but he is so experienced in the way he plays. I don't think Chelsea should have gone for someone of that profile, though. JUST IN: Tottenham tipped to win Premier League in brave prediction  "They already have players like him. They should go for someone like Casemiro or Rodri instead. They are strong guys who stay in front of their defenders. They have good impacts physically as well. That is why I would not sign De Jong because they already have players who are a little bit similar." Tuchel already boasts a wealth of options for the central-midfield double pivot in his preferred 3-4-3 system. Jorginho, N'Golo Kante, Mateo Kovacic, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, and Ross Barkley have this season been joined by Conor Gallagher, who shone on loan at Crystal Palace last term. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong 'reports' Barcelona over smear campaign amid saga  Meanwhile, United pinpointed De Jong as a priority summer target and are in desperate need of midfield reinforcements. After Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba's summer exits, Ten Hag is short of quality. His decision to use Scott McTominay and Fred together in the defeat against Brighton & Hove Albion wasn't received well. Missing out on De Jong if he stays at Barcelona beyond this summer could be frustrating as much as it would be embarrassing for the Red Devils. But watching him join an already-stacked midfield department at a direct rival in Chelsea would be disastrous. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt