Manchester United are poised to wrap up the signing of Antony from Ajax for a huge £85million fee. The Brazil international has spent the last few days trying to force through a move to Old Trafford as he looks to be reunited with Erik ten Hag. So Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils will line up with the 22-year-old in their squad and when everybody is fit and available. United know they need a new goalkeeper to keep David De Gea on his toes. The Spain international has endured a shaky start to the new season, despite registering a clean sheet against Southampton on Saturday, shipping seven goals so far. United want to sign Martin Dubravka from Newcastle on loan, with the Magpies shot-stopper eager to make the move to Old Trafford. Even if he joins, however, De Gea is expected to be the club’s No 1. Things might have been different, though, if they’d been able to keep hold of Dean Henderson - with the England international joining Nottingham Forest. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers United appear to be getting better defensively, as their 1-0 win over Southampton on Saturday showed. Therefore, it’s hard to see Ten Hag changing things anytime soon. Diogo Dalot and Tyrell Malacia look set to stay in the full-back positions, meaning Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw will struggle to get back into the team. And, at centre-back, Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane have the makings of a fine defensive pairing. That doesn’t bode well for Harry Maguire, who has been benched for their last two matches, while it also spells trouble for Victor Lindelof and his hopes of starting week in, week out. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him  United decided to leave Casemiro on the bench for their win over Southampton, with the former Real Madrid star only coming on in the closing stages. But, once he gets accustomed to being in Manchester, the Brazil international is likely to be the club’s regular anchorman. That will likely mean Scott McTominay having to spend more time on the bench than he’s previously been used to. Going alongside Casemiro would be Christian Eriksen, who is being used in a deeper role than he previously operated in earlier in his career. And, playing further ahead of the pair, would go Bruno Fernandes - whose winner against Southampton gave his side all three points. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. While Marcus Rashford has done well in the No 9 position, he could make way for Anthony Martial when the France international returns from injury. Martial was deadly during pre-season and, with his confidence high again, will be hoping to nail down the position. Rashford would then have to settle for being a substitute, something that seemed unfeasible just 12 months away. Antony would slot in on the right wing, where he’s spent most of his time at Ajax. And Jadon Sancho would then be switched to the left, where he often flourished for Borussia Dortmund during his spell in Germany. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team As well as Dubravka, United want a right-back. Wan-Bissaka could leave before Thursday’s transfer deadline, with Crystal Palace interested in taking him on loan. Vanderson, Sergino Dest and Max Aarons are all potential options amid uncertainty over their futures at Monaco, Barcelona and Norwich respectively. United also want a second forward as well as Antony, too. Cody Gakpo and Memphis Depay are believed to be targets, though whether the Red Devils have the money left over to bring in either of the pair is currently unclear. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here