Manchester United are ‘thinking about gambling’ on Newcastle forward Allan Saint-Maximin, according to reports. The Frenchman was outstanding on Sunday as his side drew 3-3 with Manchester City in their Premier League clash at St James’ Park. And Erik ten Hag is now interested in the 25-year-old as he looks to revamp his attack. Manchester United have been linked with a number of different wingers this summer, with Antony, Cody Gakpo and Christian Pulisic all emerging as targets. However, now, Media Foot in France have claimed the Red Devils are ‘thinking about gambling on Saint-Maximin as they look to improve their squad. The 25-year-old has been a vital asset for Newcastle ever since joining from Nice back in the summer transfer of 2019. And he was outstanding on Sunday against Pep Guardiola’s City, giving Kyle Walker a difficult day at the office as they secured a point. It’s said United like the ‘explosive profile’ the forward offers, while they also don’t ‘exclude moving’ for the Frenchman before the transfer window slams shut. As it stands, however, the Red Devils appear to have two other players higher up their priority list. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd United have been pursuing Antony with vigour in recent days, with Ten Hag previously managing the Brazil international at Ajax. The Red Devils have already seen one big offer for the forward fail, with the Eredivisie giants refusing to accept a bid of £67.9million. United have, according to reports, managed to agree on personal terms with the 22-year-old as they look to bring him in. But whether Ajax let another one of their best players go, especially after losing the likes of Ryan Gravenberch, Lisandro Martinez and Sebastien Haller, remains to be seen. Another forward United are pursuing is PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo. DON’T MISS Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative When Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong Man Utd should have sold these five players already The 23-year-old is one of world football’s hottest prospects, having netted a remarkable 12 goals and registered 12 assists in the Eredivisie last term. PSV won’t talk about a departure for the Netherlands international until after their Champions League play-off match with Rangers. But United, like with Antony, have reportedly agreed personal terms ahead of making a potential official offer. A forward isn’t the only target United are chasing as the clock ticks down. They want a back-up goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, with Kevin Trapp, Yann Sommer, Tim Krul and Dan Bachmann all emerging as possible targets. A right-back is being eyed, too, at a time where Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have been put up for sale. And United will make one last attempt to prise Frenkie de Jong away from Barcelona, despite a transfer looking difficult to broker. Meanwhile, one player the Red Devils have managed to sign is Casemiro from Real Madrid. But Gary Neville, speaking on Monday night, has admitted he’s got two concerns over the Samba star despite his glittering CV. “Sometimes now I don’t get as excited as I should do as a United fan about the signings that come in," Neville told Sky Sports. "Because I know they are not actually part of the strategy at the start of the summer. "Every other club is really precise, you don’t see them bouncing around like a pinball at the start of the transfer market from one player to another, it’s [Frenkie] De Jong, [Adrien] Rabiot, and it ends up being Casemiro on a phenomenal contract that’s going to cost up to £160m. “I have to say I think he will do well for the club for a couple of years Casemiro. "But someone in two years time is going to pick up a player who is beyond his best years on £20m a year that they can’t shift. “That might be Erik ten Hag, it might be a new manager, it might be new owners, so there is a large element of desperation with the signing because a five-year contract for a 30-year-old should not happen.”