Genshin Impact fans have a big month ahead of them, with update 3.0 - The Morn A Thousand Roses Brings - about to launch. The huge new Genshin Impact update, which was detailed in the recent 3.0 livestream, will add the new Sumeru region as well as new character banners. The Genshin Impact 3.0 special programme over the weekend also announced new free codes for Primogems. If you're wondering what are the latest Genshin Impact codes then here are the details... 8ANCKTWYVRD5 – 100 Primogems and 10 Mystic Ore EA7VKTFHU9VR – 100 Primogems and Five Hero’s Wit KT7DKSFGCRWD - 100 Primogems and 50,000 Mora These codes have gone live ahead of the Genshin Impact Sumeru update launch, which is out on Wednesday August 24. Genshin Impact update 3.0 will launch after five hours of server downtime. Here's when the server downtime is scheduled to begin, and when the update will be playable from... Genshin Impact 3.0 UK launch: Server downtime begins at 11pm on Tuesday August 23, update playable from 4am Wednesday August 24 Genshin Impact 3.0 European launch: Server downtime begins at 12am on Wednesday August 23, update playable from 5am Wednesday August 24 Genshin Impact 3.0 US launch: Server downtime begins at 3pm pacific time or 6pm eastern time on Tuesday August 23, update playable from 8pm pacific time or 11pm eastern time on Tuesday August 23 One of the big draws of the new Genshin Impact will be players travelling to the new Sumeru region for the first time. This region has a reputation as being a centre for learning, and the upcoming Graven Innocence event will help players explore it - with a variety of rewards on offer for activities such as taking pictures of the wildlife in the region. Other events include the Lost Riches treasure hunting event and the Ley Line Overflow event which will help you level up your character. Besides this, new forgeable weapons that are based around the Sumeru region will also be available with update 3.0. The new Genshin Impact update will also add new playable characters - Tighnari, Collei and Dori. Tighnari is a five star character while Collei and Dori are four star characters. The five star Zhongli, Ganyu and Sangonomiya Kokomi characters will also get a re-run.