During Monday’s instalment of the ITV show, the Loose Women panel of four women were discussing how some families are opting to send elderly relatives abroad to receive care in luxury five-star resorts. Charlene White shared due to the lower living costs in Thailand, families are getting more for their money.  Giving their views on whether or not they’d decide to send family members abroad to be looked after, Frankie Bridge gave her thoughts on the subject. The ITV host admitted the most ideal situation for many people would be to be able to provide care at home. The former Saturdays band member highlighted the high price of care homes before telling the panel about her own family’s experience with looking after an older family member. She said: “My mum had that with my grandad in that she was the only one here that was able to look after him.”   Frankie continued: “She has a job and us and then he wasn’t unwell enough to really be in a home but then also not well enough to completely be on his own. “He sort of had that assisted living but my mum was having to do things to my grandad that no child really wants to do to their parents.” Fellow panellist Charlene then interjected adding: “Yeah I know, I mean the average cost of being in a care home is £700 a month which for some families just isn’t -" However, Denise Welch cut the 42-year-old off by telling her it is a lot more than £700.   She said: “It’s a lot more than that! £700 a week easy in some (care homes).” Charlene’s price comment didn’t go unnoticed by viewers as some were outraged the ITV star believed the cost was so low. John Fisher said “@loosewomen I want to live in Charlene White world!!! £700 a month care homes, try £700+ a week care homes!!! Out of touch with the real world?” Steve Balf added: “#loosewomen £700 per month!! Totally unrealistic nonsense!! My mum's home cost £750 per week. My brother was £900 per week. And these costs were then plus additional care costs such as haircuts, manicures, new spectacles etc.”    Mikega2020 said: “What care home is charging £700 a month? That should be the cheapest care home in UK #Loosewomen”  With Helenintgarden tweeting: “I don't know where #LooseWomen get the idea that it is only £700 a month to live in a care home... people I know have to pay more like £1000+ per week…” Elsewhere in the debate, Charlene asked Gloria Hunniford what she thought of families sending older relatives to live and be looked after abroad. She said: “I’m totally against it.”   Gloria told the panel: “Probably from a selfish point of view I admit that upfront. “I can’t imagine being sent or sending, if my mum was still alive with my dad, sending somebody 7,000 miles away to a place that maybe they’ve never been to before. “Yes, I can see that all the luxuries are there, all the help is there and I do understand how expensive care homes are in this country. “From a selfish point of view, I want to be able to visit my relation in the care home.” Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12:30pm. 