Prince William reportedly told Chloe Kelly she was “so powerful” before saying he was “so, so proud” of Jill Scott during an emotional medal ceremony at the Euro 2022 final, a lip-reading expert has explained. Captain Leah Williamson and her fellow Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 to win the tournament on what was a landmark day for women's football on Sunday night. After the match, the Duke of Cambridge, 40, gave the players heartfelt handshakes, words of encouragement, and even hugs as they made their way down the presentation line following the win.  According to Juliet Sullivan, a professional lipreader, William offered several members of the team particularly close words of congratulations. The royal has met the team on a number of occasions as President of the Football Association. She revealed how he told striker Chloe Kelly, who scored the winning goal: “Well done, you were so powerful.” Meanwhile, the Duke leaned down to give Jill a heartfelt hug when she approached him in the line, telling her: “I am so so proud of you.”  READ MORE: Prince William is 'besotted' by 'dominant' Princess Charlotte - expert Scott and Prince William have known each other for around 10 years. Ms Scott actually defeated the Prince in a challenge at a charity match. The 35-year-old midfielder said: “The running joke whenever he sees us is, ‘No yellow cards this tournament Jill!’” Leah Williamson revealed that Prince William initiated their hug before she was handed the trophy following Sunday's Euro 2022 final at Wembley.   Asked about the hug, and what was said, defender Ms Williamson said: “I think I went to shake his hand and he said, 'Leah, bring it in’ and I said, 'Thank you sir’. “He was like, ‘I'm very proud of you all’.” The defender was also thrilled to receive such a heartfelt message of congratulations from the Queen, adding: “I'm a big fan of the Royal Family so it means a lot.” Prince William was on hand to cheer on the Lionesses at Wembley, after sharing a video message with his daughter Princess Charlotte wishing the team luck.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton’s training plan which burns thousands of calories The Duke posted a video to his official Twitter account in which he and Charlotte shared their support for the Lionesses. “We both want to wish the lionesses the best of luck tonight, you've done amazingly well in the competition and we're rooting for you all the way!” William exclaimed. Then Charlotte chipped in: “Good luck, I hope you win. Bye!” Prince William, a lifelong Aston Villa fan, has previously revealed that both Prince George, nine, and Princess Charlotte, seven, are big football fans. Just last month he met members of the England squad at their St George's Park training ground in Burton-on-Trent, where he mentioned Charlotte was “really good in goal”.  The Queen led members of the Royal Family in paying tribute to England's women's team following their extraordinary performance in the tournament, writing: “You have all set an example that will be an inspiration for girls and women today, and for future generations.” Prince William added in an Instagram post: 'Sensational. “An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. “Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations!” 