WARNING: This article contains full spoilers for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Marvel fans were left ecstatic earlier this year when Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hit cinemas. Not only because the time-jumping movie introduced some otherworldly characters such as Captain Carter and Black Bolt, but because it also introduced Reed Richards for the first time. Mr Fantastic, the leader of the Fantastic Four, is one of the most popular Marvel Comics heroes, and fans have yearned for a movie adaptation of him for years. And now one star is begging Marvel to let him play Ben Grimm. Ben Grimm is the alter-ego of The Thing - the rough, gruff rock monster who was once a space engineer. After being hit with some cosmic rays, the Fantastic Four transformed and Grimm was blessed (or cursed?) with super strength and a new rocky body. Traditionally, hot-head Grimm has been played by a plethora of larger-than-life actors. And now one prolific Harry Potter actor wants in. Ben Fogler recently retweeted a campaign that suggested he was the perfect Ben Grimm. Twitter user Jon suggested: "So many Fantastic 4 fan casts get really lazy with The Thing. The perfect Ben Grimm casting would be an actor who you could easily envision as Jack Kirby in a biopic so that’s why I’m currently landing on Dan Fogler." (sic) Fogler reposted this incredible piece of fan advice with some comments of his own. He told his fans: "Made my day all the way to yancy street. Thanks for thinking of me folks." (sic) He rounded off his comments with: "Dream role. #fogler4theTHING" READ MORE: Fantastic Four: John Krasinski breaks silence on Mr Fantastic return Fogler would certainly be an exciting choice for the Fantastic Four role, especially considering his career thus far. The 45-year-old has played a plethora of eccentric characters, including Jacob Kowalski in the Harry Potter spin-off series, Fantastic Beasts. He also still plays Luke in The Walking Dead. And his inclusion in the upcoming Fantastic Four movie would certainly elevate his status in Hollywood. But who would he be acting alongside? DON'T MISS...Fantastic Four: Henry Cavill 'in Marvel talks' – MCU Reed Richards? [NEWS]Fantastic Four: John Krasinski breaks silence on Mr Fantastic return [INFO]Morbius universe has Spider-Man, Iron Man and Fantastic Four variants [INSIGHT] At the moment, the only Fantastic Four member who has been revealed is John Krasinski as Reed. But the director of Doctor Strange 2, Sam Raimi, recently destroyed fans' hopes by calling this cameo nothing more than a "dream come true" for viewers. With this hint that Krasinski will not be returning, thoughts have turned to who would be a better fit for the scientist. Most recently, rumours have hit that a DC Comics star would claim the role instead. According to new sources, Henry Cavill has come up in conversation at Marvel to play Reed Richards. The actor is best known for playing Superman in the DC Comics franchise. Since then, he has also played The Witcher on Netflix, and has been a long-running hopeful in the James Bond replacement odds. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is available to stream on Disney Plus now. Marvel's Fantastic Four is due to hit cinemas in 2024. SOURCE