Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has ‘liked’ a video of Casemiro being mobbed by Manchester United fans prior to his unveiling. The Netherlands international remains wanted by the Red Devils, despite their deal for the Brazil international. However, the fallen Premier League giants are in a race against the clock to get the deal over the line. Manchester United confirmed Casemiro’s move to Old Trafford on Monday night, with the 30-year-old unveiled shortly before the Red Devils’ huge 2-1 win over Liverpool. And De Jong has, per The Mirror, ‘liked’ a video of the Brazil international being mobbed by fans on social media. That suggests the Barcelona star is happy to see Casemiro move to Old Trafford. However, that doesn’t necessarily mean he’ll be following suit. The Netherlands international could merely be showing his appreciation of the way supporters were eager to mob Casemiro, who is set to become a popular figure at the club. De Jong may also be ‘liking’ the post because he’s happy to see the back of the 30-year-old, who has won the lot during his glittering spell at Real Madrid. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal Or he could be suggesting that he’ll be about to play alongside the world-class South American at the club. However, that last theory still seems unlikely. While United are set to make a last attempt to snap up the 25-year-old, they’re up against the clock as they look to bring the midfielder to the Premier League. De Jong has long made it clear he’d love to stay at Barcelona, having long dreamed of playing for the Catalan giants ever since he was a small child. And it’s thought he’d prefer to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football, something United are unable to do after their sixth-placed finish last season. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him De Jong isn’t the only player the Red Devils are pursuing so late in the transfer window, either. They want a new goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, who is yet to keep a clean sheet from his three Premier League appearances this season. Frankfurt’s Kevin Trapp appears to be their priority, though Yann Sommer, Tim Krul and Dan Bachmann ave also been linked as well. United would like to reinforce their options at right-back as well, at a time where Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have been deemed surplus to requirements. Sergino Dest, who played under Ten Hag at Ajax, is one option. Vanderson, of Monaco, is another. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And United are in the market for a new forward as well. Antony is their preferred target, with the Brazil international eager to leave Ajax for Old Trafford to play under Ten Hag again. And Cody Gakpo is another potential signing for the Red Devils, with the PSV Eindhoven star scoring 12 goals and registering 12 assists in the Eredivisie last term. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Jamie Carragher recently slammed United for signing Casemiro instead of the Barcelona star. “As for United? Well, just look at the Adrien Rabiot deal, which collapsed this week due to the player’s wage demands” Carragher wrote in his Daily Telegraph column. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “If you are a club like United, you should not be pulling out of transfers — after agreeing a fee with the selling team — due to wage demands. “Someone at the club should already know what sort of salary the player wants, long before it reaches this point. “They have also spent weeks chasing Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong, and now they are running around trying to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid. “From De Jong, to Rabiot, to Casemiro. They are all different players with different styles and ages. “What is the plan here? Where is the strategy? It is embarrassing.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here