In recent weeks, Coronation Street fans have seen Toyah Battersby (played by Georgia Taylor) grow close to her former flame Spider (Martin Hancock) after the activist made a return to the ITV soap. Poor Toyah needed a shoulder to cry on after her husband Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) died in a car accident she caused. However, Toyah was left feeling guilty after she ended up sleeping with Spider while waiting for her trial. Of all people, Toyah turned to Abi Webster (Sally Carman) for advice because she wasn’t sure what to do. Abi was quick to reassure Toyah, explaining her night with Spider was a mistake. "I'm so lonely," Toyah admitted. "Nobody gets it. "They'll say, 'You've got Leanne, Simon, your friends. Go out for a walk, get a dog, go travelling. You've got your whole life in front of you.'" READ MORE: GB News confirms three big names in new presenting line-up "Feels like a death sentence," Abi replied as Toyah continued: "I can't say it out loud, it's ungrateful." "Who to?" Abi asked before Toyah explained: "I don't know? The universe? "It should have been me on that slab. How did I dodge that bullet and he didn't?" Abi, who lost her son Seb (Harry Visinoni) told her: "Grieve 101. Stop trying to find sense because there is none." "Them days when those thoughts come crowding in I find myself wallowing in it," Abi added as she pinged an elastic band on her wrist. "It pings me back to sense." Turning her attention to Spider, Abi asked: "Be honest, if Imran was still here, would you have dumped him for this Spider?" "Never in a million years," Toyah insisted as Abi reassured: "Well, there you go then. You haven't trashed Imran's memory, it didn't mean anything." Following Spider’s return to the cobbles, fans have come up with theories about why he has really come back. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work' out Naomi Walters' link to Meena [REACTION]Jane McDonald opens up on 'personal journey' in family admission [VIDEO]Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement [INSIGHT] While some believe Spider is not his real name, others think the protestor has gone undercover for the police to expose Toyah. Reddit-user Verysensiblelady took to the site to ask Corrie fans their thoughts about Spider. She penned: “Go on then, what do we reckon the deal is with Spider?” "Spider is a spy...duh," majesticjunicorn replied before Verysensiblelady continued: "Oh god it's obvious when you say it like that." “I reckon Spider isn't his real name,” another Reddit user wrote. “Huge if true,” Themilleboy replied while Verysensiblelady added: “Whaaaaaaaaat??? Mind. Blown.” Sharing their theory, Kirstemis said: “I think he's a police informer.” Technoimage completely agreed, and simply penned: “Informer.” “His juice bar didn't work out and he turned to spying,” user notonthenews commented. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.