UK drivers who install their dash cam wrong could face a massive £200 fine. Many motorists choose to install the devices to help with any insurance claims they may encounter. However, many drivers do not realise that a dash cam needs to be installed correctly. Putting the dash cam in the wrong position could result in a big fine. The Highway Code states that windows "must be kept clean and free from obstructions to vision". Car experts at Hippo Leasing have warned drivers that the definition of an "obstruction to vision" could include dash cams. READ MORE: ‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets If motorists fall foul of this rule, they could face a hefty £200 fine as well as six license points. Rules state that obstructions cannot be more than 40mm into the area swept by windscreen wipers. More warnings around dash cam use were also issued. For example, car owners were reminded that they are legally obliged to tell others that a dash cam is in use if the car is used as a work vehicle, such as for taxi drivers. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%' [WARNING] French driving laws spark fierce debate over petrol and diesel rules [INSIGHT] Drivers face hefty fines and licence points for saying 'thank you' [REVEAL] Not informing passengers that they are being filmed or using footage without their consent could open cabbies and similar workers up to legal action. Further reminders were issued that footage from the devices can be used in court and cops can demand it as evidence, even if it is to prosecute the camera's owner. The news comes after motorists were warned of huge fines they might face for wearing certain clothes in warm weather. Rule 97 of the Highway Code states: “You should ensure that clothing and footwear do not prevent you using the controls in the correct manner.” READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption This also applies to the driver’s choice of footwear. Drivers face on-the-spot fines of £100 as well as three penalty points for wearing clothing which could restrict proper driving. These fines can be upgraded to £5,000 in addition to nine penalty points and, if taken to court, motorists could face a driving ban. Maxi or summer dresses could get caught underneath the pedals, which could potentially affect the driver’s ability to brake and accelerate. Baggy jeans could also lead to drivers being in hot water. The extra material of the trousers may become trapped underneath the pedal, similar to the maxi dress. Graham Conway, Managing Director at Select Car Leasing, urged drivers to think about their clothing before setting off. He said: “Whilst it may seem like an obvious one, travelling in thick clothing when it is too hot will make you feel uncomfortable and agitated behind the wheel. “Wearing light clothing with natural fibres will help you feel cooler for longer, particularly during long journeys. “Loose clothing will also help with comfort, as being comfortable is important during long journeys."