Choosing the right kitchen colour can feel like a tough decision. The tones you choose will likely be a part of your property for several years – meaning you need to find something modern enough to stay in style, but timeless enough to avoid feeling outdated in the seasons to come. While paint choices are important in every room of your home, it can be harder, as well as more time-consuming and expensive, to adapt your kitchen colour ideas once you’ve made your choice for the room. But which are the hues that experts say don’t make the cut?    It’s no secret that white, neutral, and green kitchen ideas have made waves across the design industry in recent months. However, these tones may have seen their day, colour experts say. Here are the shades they’re avoiding in 2022. Red has always felt like something of a controversial choice in the kitchen, so it is perhaps unsurprising that Valspar senior brand manager, Tobie Lewis, warns against this paint colour. He said: “Something to be careful about would be painting large areas of your kitchen red. READ MORE: Interior design ‘tricks’ to ‘add the most value’ to your home  “The kitchen is a space where you should unwind and relax while cooking, eating, or hosting your friends. “For many, the colour red is powerful and too distracting for this specific room.” Therefore, despite its reputed ability to enhance your senses (and potentially make your food taste better), for many this passionate shade is best served up outside the kitchen. The concept of all-white kitchens sparked a debate as one of the kitchen trends to avoid , and bright white, even in moderation, has fallen out of favour amongst designers. DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS]Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 [INSIGHT]  Liberty Riggs, a designer from Studio Riggs said: “White kitchens are classic, but a bright white tends to feel stark or clinical.” Homeowners who still want to incorporate white kitchen ideas into their home, Liberty recommends opting for a “creamy white or even a mushroom tone” as she explained that this “will feel much warmer and inviting”. Yellow is another bold colour that experts urge homeowners to avoid using, especially in kitchens. Amy Youngblood, owner of Amy Youngblood Interiors said: “When painting your kitchen, the one colour I always avoid is bright yellow.” READ MORE: ‘Impactful’ ways to add interest to kitchens - will be ‘everlasting’ The expert suggests that this fluorescent shade detracts from the other beautiful items you may have in your kitchen, such as your countertops or lighting fixtures. She added: “You really want your kitchen to be a place of enjoyment and peace. “There is already enough going on in your kitchen, and you certainly don’t need it to feel chaotic.” While beige can feel like a safe choice that will stand the test of time, the president of Sharper Impressions Painting, Geoff Sharp, warned that it could leave kitchens looking boring and lifeless. He explained: “Beige is often bland and has a safe and conservative feel to it.” He suggested that Britons opt for a riskier but stylish shade that makes you happy while making the kitchen pop.    Whilst the look of a kitchen is always a priority, Manhattan-based estate agent Parisa M. Afkhami of Coldwell Banker Warburg warned that some shades can impact your house value. Amongst the most prominent of these is dark green. He said: “Colours to absolutely be avoided are darker colours and shades of green, blue, red, and purple, which will cast a shadow on food and darken the space. “Green and orange, in particular, should be avoided in kitchens.” So, for those thinking of selling their home with a dark green kitchen, they may want to re-evaluate their kitchen paint ideas quickly.  