Crystal Palace’s reported bid for Conor Gallagher could provide Chelsea with the ideal opportunity to prise Wilfried Zaha away from Selhurst Park. The Blues are desperate to bolster their attacking ranks this week, with Zaha a named target. An injury to N’Golo Kante handed Gallagher the ideal opportunity to stake his claim as to why he should remain as part of Thomas Tuchel’s plans, but he has struggled. The England international failed to make an impact against Leeds in his first start of the season, and was then sent off against Leicester on Saturday for two bookable offences. The midfielder apologised to fans, players and staff after the dismissal – and he was somewhat fortunate that his early exit did not overly impact the match as the Blues won 2-1. And now Tuchel has a decision to make on the midfielder, as, according to The Times, Palace have submitted a £27million bid for the 22-year-old. Gallagher impressed on loan with the Eagles last season and was nominated for PFA Young Player of the Year as a result, scoring eight and assisting three in 34 appearances for the club. Patrick Vieira is keen to reunite with the midfielder and after months of talks, Palace have now submitted an offer for the playmaker. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Chelsea Zaha talks, Spurs deal blocked Chelsea are yet to respond to the bid for their academy product, though it could spark a flurry of ideas at Stamford Bridge. According to The Independent, the Blues are weighing up a late move for Zaha this summer, and their pursuit of the Ivorian could be intensified as they are struggling to reach an agreement with Barcelona for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The winger is in the final year of his contract with Palace and earlier this year it was reported that he was not willing to negotiate a new deal with his boyhood team. Zaha has scored three goals in as many appearances for Palace so far this season and has been the face of the club since their promotion to the Premier League. Chelsea therefore could propose a player plus cash deal for Zaha, with Gallagher returning to Selhurst Park on a permanent basis. Though it is worth considering that Palace would need to replace Zaha with just a matter of days left of the transfer window, which is a difficult task given his importance at the club. Watford star Ismaila Sarr has been heavily linked with Palace over the past few weeks, with many clubs hoping to bring the Senegal international back to the Premier League. A deal was reached for him to join Aston Villa previously, though Steven Gerrard reportedly pulled the plug on the deal after holding talks with the player. Sarr could become a top target of Palace’s once more if they concede to letting Zaha leave.