Newcastle United have held talks with Chelsea to discuss the possibility of taking Conor Gallagher and Callum Hudson-Odoi on loan before the transfer deadline, according to reports. The Magpies are keen to add more signings in the final weeks of the window and are eyeing the £45m-rated duo. The Premier League side enquired about the availability of Gallagher, 22, and Hudson-Odoi, 21, after the pair were left out of Thomas Tuchel’s starting XI for the opening game of the season against Everton. While Gallagher was brought on the final minutes at Goodison Park from the bench, Hudson-Odoi was omitted from the squad altogether despite being fit enough to travel with the team to Merseyside. It is understood Eddie Howe has admired the Chelsea academy graduates for some time and declared his interest with an official enquiry, according to i News. Howe is keen to know if Gallagher and Hudson-Odoi remain in Tuchel’s plans as the German plots a series of late signings. READ MORE: Chelsea may still spend another £184.5m as Tuchel 'pushes' for signing  Blues striker Armando Broja is also on their radar, although he is likely to stay at Stamford Bridge following Timo Werner’s departure. The Albanian forward spent last season on loan at Southampton where he scored nine goals in all competitions. A temporary move could appeal to Gallagher, who impressed during a loan stint with Crystal Palace last term, as he is desperate to make Gareth Southgate’s England squad for the World Cup in November. Hudson-Odoi, meanwhile, made just 11 appearances in the Premier League last season and is looking for regular game time. The pair are valued at £45m by Transfermarkt at £22.5m apiece, but it is thought Chelsea would demand a much higher fee for Gallagher, who has become a valuable asset and one of the nation’s most promising talents. They may be open to a temporary deal if they manage to capture Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. DON'T MISSNewcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 starsNewcastle can sign five attackers after transfer 'request' to top six`Newcastle 'get £18m Paqueta discount' after Maddison rejection Newcastle would be looking to explore a loan deal due to Financial Fair Play constraints, with Howe looking to bring in a marquee signing to fill the No 10 role after targeting James Maddison and Lucas Paqueta. However, Premier League rules state that clubs can only loan one player at a time between each other, meaning the Toon would have to choose between Hudson-Odoi and Gallagher if Chelsea were open to a deal. Crystal Palace are also likely to rival them for Gallagher should the central midfielder become available again. Eddie Howe has made three signings this summer, bringing in Sven Botman, Nick Pope and Matt Targett. But it has proved to be a frustrating period for the club, having missed out on the likes of Jesse Lingard and Hugo Ekitike, while talks are ongoing for Benfica star Goncalo Ramos.