Along with "Jihadi John" Mohammed Emwazi, Alexanda Kotey and Aine Davis, the group, dubbed the "Beatles" because of their UK accents, were instrumental in the kidnapping and hideous killings during the darkest days of the caliphate's reign. Some may think life in prison is not enough of a punishment for the crimes but the death penalty would have been far more lenient. Once again Leo McKinstry hits the nail on the head, says John Howard from Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire. The woke statement B Air Vice Marshal Maria Byford to freeze recruitment of white men smacks of racism. This individual needs removing from this post as all her actions achieve is more division between the people of the UK. The recruitment should be on the individual's ability, not colour or sex. But I wonder if a transgender white male would be acceptable?  What a joy to read James Whale's words, "discipline" and "backbone" are needed for our MPs, says Christine Kershaw from Minehead, Somerset. Instead of "woke" bringing freedom it is preventing the courage to introduce discipline in government and life as a whole. Society cannot exist amicably without discipline and respect for oneself and others.  I find it hard to understand how, in the 21st century, dinosaurs like RMT chief Mick Lynch can get away with encouraging thousands of workers to down tools, withdraw their labour and inconvenience the general public without any attempt to stop him, says Geoff Manning from Lower Kingswood, Surrey. Surely it is time that Parliament brings in some legislation to stop this happening. Perhaps it could start by bringing in a law that effectively says no work, no pay. It is time some essential occupations were subject to the same laws as the police, in terms of not being allowed to strike, says Richard Waring from Sheffield. The administration of justice is too important to be disrupted, leading to further anguish for victims and those who are wrongly accused ("Barristers balloted on walkout next month in pay row", August 22). Of all the barristers I have ever come across, I have yet to meet one I would describe as disadvantaged or impoverished. 