Small business owner Steve from Hackney told LBC host Sangita Myska that due to the current energy crisis and soaring bills the UK is facing he can longer afford to run his business, resulting in him and his family being unable to pay for their bills. Speaking to the presenter, he raged at the government for not implementing immediate cost of living measures and revealed he’s currently experiencing suicidal thoughts as he finds himself unable to tackle in the current crisis. The comments came after energy regulator Ofgem announced on Friday an increase in the price cap to more than £3,500. Caller Steve told Ms Myska: “It’s absolute terrifying. “There’s a lot of stupid things coming into your mind. “I don’t want to go that far, that would be very stupid of me, but then suicidal thoughts come to your mind. “There’s no way out of this, what should we do? “What can we do? There’s nothing that we can do.” Referring to his business, he explained: “The maximum we survive is another three to four months, so the business is gone. “The people who work with us including myself we are out of business, out of work. “Where should I get that money from?” He raged at the government: “Our government seems to be obsessed with Ukraine, I’m not agains helping Ukrainian people but this government has no interest in the suffering of their own people.” READ MORE: Biden's Brexit meddling as US tried to convince UK to back down to EU Referring to the current Tory leadership candidates, he added: “They absolutely have no interest, even Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak. “These two should have some ideas and I think they don’t have any idea to how to get us out of this mess, which they’ve created, their party have created. “Or maybe they don’t care, either way they’re not the right people to lead this country.” He concluded: “We need help, it’s not only me, there’s thousands and thousands of people like me who are in desperate need right now. DON'T MISS: ‘Stop peddling falsehoods’ Sturgeon ally triggers backlash [WATCH]'Unacceptable' Eurostar fury over £100m French stitch-up [LISTEN]Biden's Brexit meddling as US tried to convince UK to back down to EU [INSIGHT] “We are suffering on daily basis, we are suffering every single second, every single minute. “It’s like a nightmare”. The comments came after Boris Johnson said whoever succeeds him as the new prime minister will announce “another huge package of financial support” amid UK facing soaring energy bills this winter. On Friday, energy regulator Ofgem announced an increase in the price cap, taking the average energy bill to over £3,549 a year. In an article for Mail, the outgoing prime minister warned the next few months will be “perhaps very though” for the country, but forecasted that the UK will emerge “stronger and more prosperous the other side”. When life is difficult, Samaritans are here – day or night, 365 days a year. You can call them for free on 116 123, email them at jo@samaritans.org, or visit Samaritans.org to find your nearest branch. READ NEXT: UK public banned from beach as it’s too dangerousYoung couple beaten by vicious gang at birthday celebrationPutin forces rocked as another Ka-52 chopper destroyedBritain to send ‘microdrones’ to UkrainePutin facing new threat as tyrant concedes 'deteriorating' situation