Train ticket prices typically rise every year by July’s Retail Prices Index (RPI) rate of inflation - plus one percent - each January. However, while RPI rates reached a staggering 12.3 percent in this year’s report, the Government has announced this won’t be the metric for next year's price hike in a bid to help households with spiralling living costs. A Department of Travel spokesperson said: "The Government is taking decisive action to reduce the impact inflation will have on rail fares during the cost of living crisis and will not be increasing fares as much as the July RPI figure." They added: “We are also again delaying the increase to March 2023, temporarily freezing fares for passengers to travel at a lower price for the entirety of January and February as we continue to take steps to help struggling households." Despite this, reports show that UK train fares still cost up to 30 percent more than other railways in Europe. Earlier in the year, Mayor of Manchester Andy Burnham compared return flights to London from India, Jamaica, Brazil, and Ivory Coast to a train fare from London to Manchester.  READ MORE: Bank of England could more than double rates to combat inflation  He tweeted: “Return tickets from Manchester:India: £343Jamaica: £345Brazil: £325Ivory Coast: £319London (rail): £369” Fortunately, despite price rises, there are still a few nifty tricks to get as cheap a deal as possible on train tickets, and here are seven of them. Regular commuters could look into setting up a season ticket. A season ticket could be the cheapest ticket option for those travelling regularly on the same route.  As an example, commuters travelling from Milton Keynes to London Euston five days a week buying a ticket at the station each day would cost £44.70, or £223.50 for the week. If, on the other hand, you bought a weekly season ticket, this would cost you £147.10, the equivalent of saving £29.42 per day. Personal finance experts at Ocean Finance said: “Whilst these longer season tickets are very expensive to buy up-front, you could have a chat with your employer about whether they offer a season ticket scheme. “This is where they would buy your season ticket for you, and you pay for it gradually through your wages each month. Employer schemes like this don’t usually count as a type of credit as the money is taken as a deduction from your wages before they hit your account.” National Rail has a season ticket calculator that shows you how much you can save depending on your route. For those whose employers won’t offer a season ticket scheme or don’t commute often for work, there are still other options for cheaper tickets, such as Commuter Club. This enables you to benefit from the cheaper daily cost that comes with an annual season ticket, while paying monthly to avoid a huge initial outlay. Ocean Finance experts explained: “Commuter Club is a type of credit with fees payable and will be recorded on your credit report. So, it’s important to bear this in mind before you decide how to fund your season ticket.” According to Ocean Finance, split ticketing is cheap train travel’s best-kept secret. They said: “Instead of buying one ticket to cover your whole journey. you’ll buy multiple tickets for different parts of the journey to save money.” For example, a train from Cardiff to Newcastle could stop in Birmingham along the way. Instead of buying one ticket from Cardiff to Newcastle, you’d buy a ticket from Cardiff to Birmingham, and another ticket from Birmingham to Newcastle. The experts continued: "You would stay on the same train, in the same seat, but could save a significant chunk of money." Despite sounding complicated, it’s super easy as a service like Split My Fare will do the legwork for you. The average saving between Glasgow and Birmingham is 29 percent, between London and Glasgow is 41 percent, and between Leeds and London is 40 percent. While buying tickets in advance to save money isn’t a new concept, it’s still effective as it can save up to 61 percent according to Trainline. Ocean Finance experts said: “Train tickets tend to go on sale 8-12 weeks ahead of time, with prices starting relatively low and gradually increasing in price the closer to the date of travel we get.  DON'T MISS:Yorkshire Building Society raises rates on savings accounts [INSIGHT]House price growth plummeting faster than 2008 credit crunch [ANALYSIS]State pensioners on track for bumper pay rise as inflation hits 10.1% [EXPLAINED]    “Buying your tickets in the station on the day can often be the most expensive option. If you know your plans are fixed plenty ahead of time, then buying your tickets in advance can save you a tidy sum.” Even if things change, most train operators will generally allow tickets to be moved to another service or provide a refund of at least a portion of what was paid. By opting for print-at-home or e-tickets, travellers can make a saving upwards of £5 by not paying the postage on getting tickets mailed. Many will go straight to websites like The Trainline to buy train tickets. And while this provider can offer good deals, it’s worth remembering that most train operators also sell tickets through their websites.  Ocean Finance experts said: “It can sometimes be cheaper to go direct. Even if the tickets themselves work out to be the same price, if one provider charges a booking fee and another doesn’t, why wouldn’t you go with the one that isn’t going to charge you?” While shopping around, it’s also a good idea to compare standard class and first class tickets. Generally, first class tickets will be quite a bit more expensive. But occasionally, some can be cheaper than a standard class seat. Ocean Finance experts said: “In first class, you tend to get more extras like free Wi-Fi, drinks and food included in the cost of your ticket. “So, if you’d normally travel standard class but spend £10 on a sandwich and drink in the buffet car plus a fee for Wi-Fi for your journey, the slightly more expensive first-class ticket with food and Wi-Fi included could work out cheaper.” 