The emergency services were called to Hawthorn Road in Kingstanding at 7.26am today following the crash. A single-decker bus collided with a parked car and van. Nine people were given treatment at the scene by fire service personnel, before the arrival of West Midlands Ambulance. One man was trapped on the bus by his injuries. He had to be extricated from the vehicle by firefighters who used Holmatro cutting equipment to set him free. His injuries are not thought to be life-changing, but he will be conveyed to the hospital for a further check. 13 firefighters, two fire engines and one brigade response vehicle had raced to the scene. A statement from West Midlands Ambulance Service said: "HART paramedics, two paramedic officers, a MERIT trauma doctor and critical care paramedics together with two ambulance crews attended the scene. "Eight occupants of the bus were assessed, three were uninjured and discharged on scene. "The five remaining patients, the bus driver and four passengers, received further assessment and treatment on scene by the team of ambulance staff. "A male passenger sustained potentially serious injuries and received treatment by ambulance staff before being conveyed to Heartlands Hospital for further care."  A woman and the driver of the bus were led to safety by fire crews, and have "less serious injuries". They have been conveyed to Good Hope hospital for further precautionary checks. West Midlands Fire Service has confirmed that crews from the Perry Bar and Erdington fire stations are in attendance at the scene. They added that the road remains closed as police carry out their investigations. The local council highways department is also reportedly in attendance. Birmingham Live reported that the road closure runs from College Road junction, by the Londis shop, to Charlton Road. According to local reporter Harry Leach, "The single-decker bus involved in the crash, which happened in the middle of Hawthorn Road, is completely mangled. "Its front bumper and windscreen appear to have been destroyed on impact." Several trees were also reportedly knocked over by the bus. A witness told Birmingham Live: "I heard a loud bang, then a wallop, at around 7am. "I came outside and a lot of people were on the street and the bus was where you see it now. "It's a huge crash but I've been told by the officers here that everyone is ok including the driver." A spokesman for West Midlands Police told Express.co.uk: "We were called following a collision between a bus and two vehicles at around 7.25am today. "Enquiries around the collision continue." A National Express West Midlands spokesperson said:"A National Express West Midlands bus on the 28 service was involved in an incident this morning (Tuesday 9th August) on Hawthorn Road near Perry Common. "Emergency services attended the scene and we will continue to give them every assistance, as well as carrying out a full investigation of our own into what happened. "Our 28 services are currently on diversion from Perry Common Road. We advise customers to check our social media channels for the latest updates to services and apologise for any delay to their journeys." 