An orange alert has been raised in nine of Spain's provinces for "intense heat", with temperatures set to rise above a blistering 42C. The eastern region of Extremadura will see the hottest of the temperatures on Monday.  Cáceres and Badajoz, the provinces which form Extremadura, are joined by Salamanca, Ávila, Toledo, Seville, Córdoba, Jaén and Ourense in putting out the weather warnings. Temperatures are not expected to dip below 39C in Extremadura throughout Monday. Salamanca and Ávila will see 40C, according to forecasting, as will Ourense, in Galicia. Staying put on a yellow warning for the moment are Andalusia, Madrid, the Basque Country and Aragon.  Also under this umbrella of yellow warnings are Catilla y Leon, Catalonia, Navarre and La Rioja. Temperatures for much of the country between 35C and 38C fall under this yellow warning. Catalonia and Valencia are likely to feel the force of thunderstorms as the day wears on.  The blistering temperatures are expected to last through to the middle of the week. READ MORE: Legoland fire: 'Massive' blaze as thick black smoke rises Most of mainland Spain and the Balearic Islands will see the mercury soar above 35C, with Galicia set to record 38C. Throughout the central region and the capital through down to the south and Mediterranean coast, there will be little reprieve during the nights, with temperatures staying at 35C. Throughhout the north and central parts of the country, thundery showers are expected through to Wednesday. A spokespeson for Spain's state metereological service said they were not dismissing the idea that the temperatures would reach heatwave status. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Iran and Turkey hold ace card over Putin's shock plot [LIVE] POLL: Will you follow the hosepipe ban if enforced in your area? [VOTE]Russia-occupied coastal town rocked - ammo depot left burning [REPORT]   They said: "It cannot be ruled out that it will end up being classified as a heatwave, especially in the southwest of the Peninsula, although it will not be as extraordinary as that of mid-July." The warnings come just days after Spain's Prime Minister, Pedro Sanchez, called on workers to ditch their ties in an effort to save energy in the heat. Mr Sanchez told a news conference that by losing the ties, workers will be less dependent on costly air conditioning units. He said: "This means that we can all save energy."  The country has also been hit by a spate of devastating fires in a number of Spanish regions over the past few weeks. Around 200,000 hectares of land are thought to have been lost to wildfires in Spain this year. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.