Chelsea have reportedly agreed a £25.3million for Timo Werner to join RB Leipzig on a permanent deal. With a summer of drastic change at Stamford Bridge gathering momentum, co-owner and current transfer chief Todd Boehly is supposedly working on seven more departures before deadline day... Having been linked with Barcelona for months on end, the Spaniard could finally get his move following Marc Cucurella's arrival from Brighton. The former Seagulls star will provide cover for Ben Chilwell at left-back and an option for Thomas Tuchel at centre-back, which should give Alonso safe passage to the Camp Nou. Transfer insider Fabrizio Romano suggests that the deal is almost done, with the Blues due to receive around £8m. JUST IN: Man Utd 'agree Adrien Rabiot transfer fee' but Juventus star's mum is a stumbling block The writing was on the wall for the tricky winger when he was left out of Tuchel's matchday squad for the opener against Everton on Saturday. The Guardian claim that he has asked to leave Stamford Bridge on loan with prospects of regular game time looking slim. Leicester City, Southampton and Borussia Dortmund are all thought to be interested in the 21-year-old, who scored one and assisted two in the Premier League last term. The Scotsman endured a tough loan spell at relegated Norwich City last campaign, and Tuchel seemingly believes that he is not yet ready to play a regular part in Chelsea's midfield. Gilmour hasn't been given a squad number for the current season and may have to leave, whether permanently or temporarily, to continue his development. Everton boss Frank Lampard is believed to be a fan of the youngster, although it remains to be seen whether new signing Amadou Onana's presence in midfield sees the Toffees' interest subside. DON'T MISSTottenham told they have major advantage over Man City as title backedArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' madeArsenal handed perfect Pedro Neto incentive after 'unsuccessful £13.2m bid' The defender has supposedly chosen Monaco over Fulham as his next destination, but he is still waiting for confirmation from Boehly that he has the club's blessing to leave. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea are satisfied that Cucurella provides them with enough cover, or whether they would be keen to bring in another new defender before cutting Sarr loose. In similar fashion to Hudson-Odoi, Ziyech will find minutes hard to come by this campaign due to the wingers already at Chelsea's disposal. At Goodison Park he was left untouched on the bench as Raheem Sterling, Mason Mount and Christian Pulisic were all given minutes out wide. AC Milan have been heavily linked to the Moroccan and Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is also believed to be a fan, with the Red Devils pushing for a new attacker due to uncertainty over Cristiano Ronaldo's situation. The Spaniard has hardly had a sniff since Edouard Mendy was signed from Rennes in 2020. A string of individual errors has tarnished Kepa's reputation and left the lucrative seven-year contract offered by Chelsea looking like terrible business. Former Blues boss Maurizio Sarri is thought to be keen on bringing him to Napoli and while the stopper would be personally keen on the move, there are supposedly a number of hurdles to overcome between the two clubs. Another player not to be given a squad number by Chelsea this season, Ampadu is unlikely to see consistent action for the foreseeable future. The Welsh international recently stressed the importance of regular game time as he gears up for the country's first World Cup appearance in 64 years. While clubs are yet to launch a meaningful approach for the 21-year-old, Boehly is sure to be keen on resolving the situation before the window slams shut.