Chelsea are closing in on the signing of Dynamo Moscow wonderkid Arsen Zacharjan, according to the player's agent. Reports from Italy emerged on Thursday night detailing that the Blues had made a surprise offer for the 19-year-old midfielder, who is considered to be one of the stars of the future having already featured for Russia's national team. Now Chelsea are keen to bring him to Stamford Bridge and it seems Zacharjan is on course to become the club's seventh summer signing. Speaking to Sports RU, Zakharyan’s agent Pavel Andreev has confirmed a deal is imminent, saying: “It’s true. Everything is close.” According to Gianluca Di Marzio, a deal worth in the region £12.7million is now being finalised between the clubs. The Italian transfer expert also reports that Rafaela Pimenta - who is now playing a leading role for the late Mino Raiola's agency - is set to help push the transfer over the line. READ MORE: Chelsea target Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang spotted at airport with transfer 'nearly done' Chelsea have already spent in excess of £180m this summer on six new arrivals in the form of Marc Cucurella, Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney Chukwuemeka, Cesare Casadei and Gabriel Slonina. The deals for Chukwuemeka and Casadei in particular show Chelsea are willing to invest money into players for the future. Following the £12.6m capture of Inter Milan midfielder Casadei, Thomas Tuchel declared Chelsea were set to continue backing the judgment of Youth Development chief Neil Bath, who keeps watch over all the young talent across Europe. “The academy had reason for it and made a strong point that they wish for reinforcements," Tuchel said. "We do nothing but trust Neil Bath because why wouldn’t we? "He’s one of top leaders of academies in Europe, so if he says so we do nothing else but follow his advice and support him because we want to have a strong academy and want to have players who make it to the first team because this is the mix that makes Chelsea special. This is what we want.” Tuchel also declared the opportunities are there at Chelsea for any young players who show the desire required to make the grade. “If you want to make it at Chelsea, it is so much harder than most other clubs in Europe. It’s the reality," he added. "We cannot start to prefer someone from the Academy over another player if he does not provide the same level, because in the end we are here to win football games and push the group to the highest level.” “The door is always open. Always, always, always. I love it, and I truly believe the supporters love it. “The mix between big names from abroad, big personalities, and famous players with the Academy guys is what makes a club special. When you look at the photo when we raised the trophy in the Champions League, there are so many boys from the Academy in this photo. That makes it special, and this is how it has to be. It is always about the mix. “At the same time, there are no gifts at this kind of level. You have to earn your way, overcome obstacles and fight hard for it.” Meanwhile, two of Chelsea's most highly-rated youngsters in Trevoh Chalobah and Callum Hudson-Odoi look set to leave the club on loan before the transfer window closes... Chelsea are still in the hunt for three others deals with Wesley Fofana, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Anthony Gordon all under discussion.