Nintendo has announced plans to hold a second Direct presentation in the month of August. Fresh off last week's Pokemon Presents conference, Nintendo is back with a Direct deep dive into an upcoming Switch game. Taking place at 2pm BST UK time on August 10, the next Nintendo Direct will focus exclusively on upcoming exclusive Splatoon 3. The Nintendo Direct live stream will run for approximately 30 minutes, so expect lots of fresh details and new gameplay for the paint-based shooter. The news was announced by Nintendo on Twitter, alongside a small taste of what viewers can expect from the live Direct presentation. "Tune in on 10/08 at 2pm (UK time) for a livestreamed Splatoon 3 Direct presentation," reads a Nintendo tweet. "Join us in the Splatlands for roughly 30 minutes of updates!" It's likely Nintendo will give fans a look at some of the game's brand new weapons and stages, as well as Splatoon 3's customisation options. Fans can also expect an announcement about a pre-release beta, as Nintendo seeks to test the multiplayer servers and game balance. Elsewhere, Nintendo is expected to reveal new details about the game's story mode, not to mention the new and improved Salmon Run co-op mode. If you want to learn more about Splatoon 3 for Nintendo Switch, you can watch the entire conference live by clicking play on the video below. If you're unable to tune in at 2pm BST UK time on August 10, Express Online will update this article with all the latest news, so check back for more information. "Squad up and ink your way to victory in Splatoon 3 for Nintendo Switch!" reads the official description. "Bucketloads of new stages, moves, weapons, modes and fashions await in a new, sun-soaked region. "Enter the Splatlands, a sun-scorched desert inhabited by battle-hardened Inklings and Octolings. Splatsville, the city of chaos, is the adrenaline-fuelled heart of this dusty wasteland. "Battles rage in new stages located in Splatsville and the surrounding wilds, such as the hip hangout spot Eeltail Alley and the majestic Scorch Gorge." New weapons include the bow-shaped Tri-Stinger, which lets players fire triple bursts of paint. That's on top of the "scuttling Crab Tank", not to mention returning weapons from the earlier games. Nintendo will also introduce a handful of new traversal moves, such as the mid-air spawn and the squid roll. Splatoon 3 has a September 9 release date, exclusively on Nintendo Switch.