Daniel Craig recently stepped down from playing James Bond after No Time To Die, sparking debates over who would be the best actor to take his place. But Craig was a replacement himself, taking over from Pierce Brosnan. The star's final movie as 007, Die Another Day - which airs today at 8pm on ITV - marked the last time he donned the tuxedo. After that, the Bond bosses let him go in a brutal and unexpected way. After four films as 007, Brosnan felt he had played the character to the best of his ability. His final movie was released in 2002, and shortly thereafter Bond bosses began looking for a new actor to take his place. "I was in the Bahamas," Brosnan reflected. "Working on a movie called 'After the Sunset' and my agents called me up and said: ‘Negotiations have stopped.'" Brosnan's agents revealed the Bond bosses Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson were "not quite sure" what they wanted to do next with the franchise. Brosnan recalled being told: "They’ll call you next Thursday." When they did, he didn't expect to receive such a brutal explanation. Brosnan said: "I sat in Richard Harris’ house in the Bahamas, and Barbara and Michael were on the line. [They said]: 'We’re so sorry.'" The actor then revealed that Broccoli was overcome with emotion as she was forced to cut her latest 007 actor loose. READ MORE: Next James Bond: First female 007 announced for Casino Royale remake Brosnan remembered: "She was crying. Michael was stoic and he said: ‘You were a great James Bond. Thank you very much.’ And I said: ‘Thank you very much. Goodbye.'" The British star added: "That was it. I was utterly shocked and just kicked to the kerb with the way it went down." Just a few years later, in 2005, Craig was announced as the new-and-improved James Bond. But Brosnan didn't hold a grudge against the young actor. Instead, he offered him some advice. DON'T MISS...James Bond star Connery had a surprising relationship with Craig [NEWS]Next James Bond: First female 007 announced for Casino Royale remake [INFO]Next James Bond: Bad news for Sam Heughan fans after 'casting news' [INSIGHT] Craig reflected on their meeting years later. He said Brosnan told him: "Just enjoy it." He added: "I just started enjoying it a year ago, that’s funny." Brosnan had a different version of events. "We did pass in the night, Daniel and I, when my day was done," Brosnan said. "I knew that Daniel was going to be, and had been offered, the part." Brosnan said Craig was "very apprehensive" about becoming the next actor to play Bond - joining the likes of Sean Connery, Roger Moore and Timothy Dalton. He went on: "I remember seeing him one night, we were in a club, having a great time with friends. He was really wrestling with it." He added: "I just said: ‘Go do it. You can do it, you’ll be brilliant, you’ll kick yourself if you don’t. Snap out of it, and go be Bond.' And boy, did he ever?" SOURCE