Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka refused to entertain a question involving club legend Thierry Henry when quizzed on the new documentary series, All or Nothing: Arsenal. The pair were embroiled in controversy back in 2020 when Patrice Evra claimed that Henry switched the TV off due to seeing Xhaka lead out the Gunners as captain. Xhaka has been through his fair share of ups and downs while wearing the red and white of Arsenal. Harmony has been restored in his relationship with fans, but back in 2020 emotions were still raw after being stripped of the captaincy for his reaction to being booed off the pitch against Crystal Palace. While things have been running smoothly of late, a tendency to unnecessarily fly into a tackle or pick up a needless red card has occasionally come back to haunt Xhaka's Arsenal career and former United star Evra claimed, two years ago, that Henry had seen enough. "Thierry Henry, one day he invited me to his house to watch Arsenal," Evra told Sky Sports. "He turned on the TV, the first image he saw on the screen was Xhaka leading Arsenal. JUST IN: Barcelona 'agree fee' for Bernardo Silva to spark frenzy on Frenkie de Jong future "There have been comments made by Evra, Henry… they make them as ex-players, sometimes about the performance of a particular player, and they kind of invite that wave of social media criticism," he said.  "I think some pundits might actually be provoking that criticism. It’s something you never see in Switzerland or Germany, that just doesn’t happen. It seems to be rather unique to the United Kingdom." "Thierry Henry turned off the TV. He said ‘I can’t watch my team and Xhaka being the captain’. He’d tell you everything about what the legends of this club think about him. He again let down his team." Early on in All or Nothing: Arsenal, a series in which Xhaka features prominently, Henry talks about youngsters Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe playing as if they had the badge of Arsenal on their foreheads. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window When Xhaka was quizzed by reporters on Henry's documentary comments and whether he, too, plays with an Arsenal stamp on his forehead, he bluntly responded: "I have nothing to say about this," bringing the line of questioning to an abrupt halt. It was evident that the Swiss midfielder is still not on friendly terms with the Frenchman, who dazzled in north London with 226 goals in 370 matches and established himself as one of the finest strikers in the Premier League era. Xhaka hinted as much during an interview with The Guardian in 2020, during which he questioned the tendency for pundits and former professionals to invite pressure and criticism onto current players. "There have been comments made by Evra, Henry… they make them as ex-players, sometimes about the performance of a particular player, and they kind of invite that wave of social media criticism," he said. "I think some pundits might actually be provoking that criticism. It’s something you never see in Switzerland or Germany, that just doesn’t happen. It seems to be rather unique to the United Kingdom."