French building firm Société Route Assainissement Construction (SORACO) has not been paying its workers for over two months. Millions of euros are reportedly unaccounted for and may even be lost. ImpACT International for human rights and businesses sounded the alarm warning hard-working employees have not been paid for the months of June and July and might miss out on more months. A hearing to ensure salaries are paid out has been scheduled for August 4, but according to the Public Unemployment Fund scheme, workers could have to wait up to 60 days before receiving their payments. Workers are also risking losing out on payments altogether if they resign from their position or refuse to show up to work unpaid. Furious labour activists are putting the blame on Emmanuel Macron's government's labour laws which they say are "clearly lacking". They wrote: "ImpACT International calls on the French authorities to make payments immediately and to expedite the process of remunerating the workers and protecting their incomes in the immediate future. "Payments must be made now, the state must intervene to make sure that workers are not unlawfully denied their wages." But Brussels should also bear the brunt of the injustice, according to Robert Oulds, Executive Director of ImpACT International. He said: “The French government is failing its citizens from abuse by greedy and reckless employers, particularly those operating in the construction industry. "Regrettably this is not an isolated incident. READ MORE: 'In a lot of trouble' Putin braces for defeat amid Kherson battle  "ImpACT recently reported on the abuse of migrant workers illegally employed and exploited at Olympic sites where they were toiling to construct the athlete’s accommodation. “As France remains in the European Union some blame also rests with the authorities in Brussels whose policies have not helped the French economy, nor provides the protections which the people of France deserve.” The French President has already been facing calls for his resignation over allegations of his past support for online transport giant Uber. The just re-elected French leader is under enormous pressure after investigations by a consortium of media claimed he held several undeclared meetings with Uber executives while he was economy minister. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Iran and Turkey hold ace card over Putin's shock plot [LIVE BLOG]Horrific footage shows Russian soldiers ‘castrating’ Ukrainian PoW [VIDEO]Brexit LIVE: Von der Leyen hands Irish fishermen major lifeline [ANALYSIS] According to the reports, branded Uber Files, a "secret deal" entailed Mr Macron promising to help the taxi app work around legislation introduced in France in 2014. The Uber dealings sparked anger among opposition politicians, with several figures from the far-left to the hard-right urging a parliamentary inquiry be made into the findings. Alexis Corbière, of France Unbowed, told national Public Senat television: "It's very serious the idea that with this secret pact Mr Macron de-regulated the regulation of the taxi industry. "What lessons should be drawn?" Pierre Dharreville, of the Communist Party (PCF), supported Mr Corbiére's calls for an investigation. And Danielle Simonnet, also from France Unbowed, joined in during the first question session in the new French parliament on Tuesday as she criticised Mr Macron as "a minister who served the interests of an American platform against the view of government and the French administration".