Rosie Panter, is a travel expert at dealchecker. She shared some top scams tourists should watch out for in top tourist destinations. Rosie said: “A popular scamming technique in Rome at the moment is the infamous ‘fake baby’ ruse. “This is where a (usually older) woman trips over and thrusts a bundled doll towards you. “This is playing on the probably safe assumption that you’re going to be a caring enough person to catch what you think is a real baby. “It distracts you for long enough for the cheeky pickpocket, often a child, to grab your wallet.” READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 'Cheeky' trick to travel with extra items “Sin City’s cabdrivers are famously tricky. One common scam involves a cabbie who insists on unloading your bags at your hotel or the airport. “He says he’s in a rush, slams the trunk, and speeds away. Only later do you notice that one of your bags is missing.” Taxi scams are sadly fairly common around the world and can also involve drivers pretending their metre doesn’t work. It’s a good idea to book a taxi through a reputable company or ask the hotel concierge to order one from a trusted company. Rosie said: “The CD bullies of New York’s Times Square are known for being particularly intimidating. “A guy on a street corner will hand you what you assume is a free copy of his music. “As soon as it’s in your hands, you’ll suddenly be surrounded by his friends who demand money for it. Up to $15 (£12.45) in some cases. “The best way to avoid it is just to lay it down on the floor and walk off.” If possible, it’s best not to accept anything handed out on the street, as tourists may be forced to pay for it. READ MORE: The most beautiful staycation destination in Britain is ‘amazing’ “Near the pyramids in Cairo, there will sometimes be camels with trainers, offering a picture on top of the camel for a photo. “They’ll ask for money, and after you’ve paid and mounted the animal, you’ll be asked to pay more money just to get down! “If you’ve never been held hostage on top of a humped animal before, well it’s best to keep it that way!” It’s always a good idea to check for the full price of something before accepting it or to take advice from a guide or accommodation. “In Orlando, guests in hotels around Disneyworld have been finding pizza delivery menus under their doors, which they then use to place a phone order. “You can probably guess the rest, the phone number isn’t really connected to a pizza restaurant but to an identity scammer who takes your card number and spends it on probably quite a bit more than a stuffed crust pepperoni.” It’s never a good idea to hand out card details over the phone and it’s a better idea to order pizza online or head out for a slice. Hotel staff should also be able to point tourists in the direction of a good restaurant.