Qatar are set to get the green light from FIFA to move forward their first fixture to ensure they take part in the first match of the World Cup, according to reports. The 2022 World Cup hosts have requested a change to the start date of the tournament just three months before it is set to get underway. The World Cup, the first to be hosted in the Northern Hemisphere and during the winter months as opposed to summer, was originally set to commence from November 21, with Senegal facing the Netherlands in Doha. However, Qatar are keen to kick things off in their inaugural World Cup by taking on Ecuador in the tournament curtain raiser. The Athletic report that Fifa are considering the proposal and are likely to approve the change to the schedule, which will affect other World Cup matches. Qatar were initially pencilled in to play Ecuador on Monday, November 21, in the third match following on from the Senegal and the Netherlands fixture and England’s clash with Iran. READ MORE: England boss Southgate will be backed by FA despite 'stumble' But the organisers are now keen to take part in the opening match, asking for changes would see the Middle Eastern nation move their fixture forward by one day to November 20 — thus giving the World Cup a new start date. It has not been stated why Qatar has proposed to make the changes now, some 12 years after the decision to award the Gulf nation their first World Cup was ratified. But according to The New York Times’ Tariq Panja, the Emir of Qatar changed the date so they could put on a spectacular fireworks display. The decision must be approved by the Bureau of the FIFA Council, made up of president Gianni Infantino and the leaders of each continental confederation, from UEFA to CONMEBOL. But it is expected that there will be no obstacles to approving the amendment. Hosts Qatar are keen to begin the tournament at the Al Bayt Stadium, the newly-constructed 60,000-seater arena that cost around £650million to build. However, a change to the opening match regulations meant they would have to make a special request. Between 1974 and 2002, the defending champions were always involved in the opening match. However, from 2006 to 2018, the previous winners no longer qualified automatically and so it was decided that the host nation should be involved in the opening match. Russia thrashed Saudi Arabia 5-0 at the last World Cup back in 2018, extending the unbeaten run of tournament hosts when playing on their home soil in the first fixture. The last time the first game featured teams that are non-host nations was back in 1998 when Brazil overcame Scotland 2-1 at Stade de France. The revised schedule means that the World Cup would begin on November 20, as opposed to the following day. As such, there will be one fixture to be played on that day between Qatar and Ecuador. On November 21, there will now be three games to be played instead of four. While England's game against Iran will technically now become the second match of the tournament, the changes will not impact their plans. Instead, their game will kick off at the same time as originally planned of 4pm local time (1pm GMT). That means Gareth Southgate and his coaching staff can breathe a sigh of relief as they will have the same amount of time to prepare for the clash as before. Proposed revised tournament schedule in full: November 20, 2022: Qatar vs Ecuador, 7pm (4pm GMT) November 21, 2022: England vs Iran 4pm (1pm) November 21, 2022: Senegal vs Netherlands 7pm (4pm) November 21, 2022: USA vs Wales 10pm (7pm)