Latest statistics from the Home Office have revealed that 25,146 migrants have crossed the English Channel so far this year. The UK Government attempted to deter people from taking the perilous journey from France by threatening them with deportation to Rwanda. The plan is not yet in action with the Government not yet deporting any Channel crossers following legal challenges. However, it seems the controversial plan is not effective in deterring migrants after the Ministry of Defence said 19 small boats arrived with 915 people on board on Saturday. August saw a record-breaking day of 1,295 people arriving on 22 August, bringing the monthly total to 8,747. Following 3,722 border crossings in the past week, Nigel Farage slammed Boris Johnson's Government on GB News for hiring private firms to help the border force working in the Channel. Mr Farage said: “Basically, we are paying private firms to be a taxi service. “All you have to do is be 12 miles from British beaches and you’ll be brought in, and you’ll be processed, and you’ll be put in a four-star hotel.” He added that staff working for the border force have been reporting increased violence towards them from the immigrants. According to Lucy Moreton, a professional officer for the ISU union for Border Force officers, staff have been attacked and bitten as violent attacks towards border force staff are increasing. She added that the majority of those now crossing the Channel are Albanian. Mr Farage said: “The whole thing is completely and utterly out of control. READ MORE: Sturgeon humiliated after SNP let slip big issue with independence “No more can we pretend that those crossing the Channel are poor, desperate people, perhaps some of them are. “The vast majority are young males coming to enter criminal activity in this country.” He continued: “I’ve got to ask myself a question, ‘are the Albanians emptying their prisons?’ “This should be a national emergency.” The two Tory leadership candidates have made comments on the immigration issues, with Ms Truss saying: “I’ll make sure we have the right levels of force and protection at our borders.” DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle drops new 'top-secret' bombshell on royal fans (REVEAL)Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview (INSIGHT)Prince Andrew royal comeback in tatters (REVEAL) Meanwhile, ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak said: “Our immigration system is broken, and we have to be honest about that. “Whether you believe that migration should be high or low, we can all agree that it should be legal and controlled.” He added: “Right now the system is chaotic, with law-abiding citizens seeing boats full of illegal immigrants coming from the safe country of France with our sailors and coastguards seemingly powerless to stop them. “It must stop and if I am Prime Minister I will stop it.”