Stella McCartney, 50, has told all in a new interview about her desire to do "all the things" that her mother hadn't been able to do before her death. The fashion designer extraordinaire is also hoping to follow in her mother Linda McCartney's footsteps by becoming "a change from within" as she launches a new beauty range. Stella, whose father is Beatles legend Paul McCartney, found herself deep in thought while on her expansive Worcestershire retreat, on which "a million trees" have been planted. "I was living my best life and thinking: 'All that matters is that I get to do all the things I wish my mum had,'" she exclaimed. She also revealed that her animal rights activist and cookbook author mother's opinion is always in her mind when she explores new business ventures, as she would like to make her proud from beyond the grave. "I’m so nervous about [my new] beauty line, but I know my mum would love it and she’d trust it because her daughter did it," she said. READ NOW: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life Ironically, Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998, had always had a "low-maintenance" approach to beauty, often shunning both makeup and jewellery. In fact, in a revelation about life in the McCartney household growing up, Stella has recalled that the family were often totally naked while relaxing on their remote Scottish farmstead. "We were always naked [and] my parents didn’t even wear deodorant and yet they never smelled," she mused to the Telegraph. However fashionista Stella says she didn't fully embrace the bohemian attitude on all levels. She would often beg her mum to wear makeup, offering to do makeovers for her, and would have to "nag" her to wear clothes that were fancy. However Stella joked that she seems to have inherited her minimalist attitude in some ways, after showing the interviewer arms almost totally free from jewellery. The star is soon to launch her new organic skincare range which is suitable for vegans. Meanwhile she has gifted the elusive and as yet unreleased products to her Beatle father Paul. DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST] Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  There are just three products in the line - a serum, a cleanser and a moisturiser. Stella admitted she shuns eye cream and, controversially, takes a lax approach to protecting herself from the sun too. The fashion forward star argues that sun block is environmentally unfriendly and "terrible for the planet". However she struggles to resist the temptation to soak up the rays during the summer. "I’ll probably end up a very gnarly 80-year-old!" she joked. Stella has high hopes for her latest skincare range, claiming that when she launched the first time around, back in 2006, she was ahead of her time. " [My first range] was so ahead of its time that it was completely misunderstood. It didn't really have the ability to grow," she told Harper's Bazaar. She has acknowledged that eco-friendly sustainability can be expensive, but added: "What I'm trying to do in my everyday life is to challenge and provide solutions; to try and be part of pushing things forward!"