Ahead of The Good Life: Secrets & Scandals airing on Channel 5 today, Felicity Kendal, 75, has spoken about her love life over the years, saying that her relationships overlapped as she went “from one to the next”. The British actress has been married and divorced twice. The star has insisted she doesn’t advise taking the route of infidelity, as it only leads to misery. She explained: “I didn't ever have affairs. I just went from one person to another, maybe overlapping a little bit”. Felicity added: “I wouldn't recommend infidelity to anybody, ever, it's basically lying. “Lying is never a good idea. But we all lie and most of us, at some point ... are unfaithful to a partner.” READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps Speaking to The Sunday Times Magazine, she said “infidelity brings unhappiness”, explaining that it is what caused her first divorce with actor Drewe Henley. Felicity was married to Drewe for a sizeable eleven years from 1968 to 1979. Following the end of the marriage, which was brought about by her ex-husband having an affair, she wed US theatre director Michael Rudman. The pair then divorced in 1991 at which point, she then became involved with Tom Stoppard.  Felicity, as of 1998, has rekindled her romance with Michael and the pair are happily in love. It comes after The Good Life star spoke about how she stays healthy in the wake of her 75th birthday. She explained she works out three times a week with a combination of different exercises. “I work out three times a week, a mixture of stretching, yoga and weights. DON'T MISS:Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [COMMENT]Carol Vorderman risks fury as she 'leaks next Strictly contestant' [BBC]Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer dies after giving birth [INSIGHT] “I’ve also mastered press-ups. I'm so pleased. Now, if I could only stand on my head,” she said back in 2021 to Express.co.uk. She went on to say: "When you're younger the competition is much greater. “That's quite stressful. When you get to my age there aren't so many people left, so there's less pressure.” "You've passed from ingenue to leading lady and beyond. “If you can be working at 17 and still working at 70-something, you've made it through. You're looking back from the other side of the finishing line." Aside from eating healthy and regular exercise, she confirmed that she was firmly against drugs and alcohol. The star confessed that she did smoke four to five cigarettes a day in the 70s, but has since stopped. Speaking about her attitude on drugs and smoking she added: “I smoked all through the 70s, on and off, but to me it's like having a piece of chewing gum, it's absolutely not addictive.”