On the latest episode of Gardeners’ World, Monty Don could be seen tending to the drier-than-usual grounds at Longmeadow. The gardening expert showed viewers how to sow rocket and harvest chillies and tomatoes. He also revealed which plants were struggling the most during the UK’s uncharacteristically dry summer. During the latest episode, Monty also shared a simple hack for watering plants without using a hose or watering can. With many parts of southern England now subject to a hosepipe ban, gardeners are looking for new ways to water their parched plants without breaking the hosepipe ban rules. According to Monty, one way gardeners can do this is by using “grey water”. He explained: “I’m clutching a bowl of washing up water - grey water - because in the very dry conditions we've had you need to use whatever water you can. READ MORE: How to stop house flies invading your home using common herb - 'easy' “Grey water whether it's a washing dishes or yourself is perfectly good on floral plants don't use it on edible food. “Let it cool down of course, and I've got it here for this clematis.” Monty planted his clematis Prince Charles only a couple of months ago. He said the plant is flowering well but needs a lot of water. DON'T MISSHow to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat without watering [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [UPDATE]Hosepipe ban 2022 exemptions in full [ANALYSIS] He continued: “But because it's a young plant, it means that its root system is fairly small. “So therefore it's not able to access the moisture that might be deeper down in the soil, so I'm having to make sure it is really well-watered. “And clematis is one of those plants that really needs water. So grey water is perfect for them.” Last month, the UK recorded its highest temperature on record, breaking 40C for the first time in history. Another heatwave is also on its way this weekend, with temperatures expected to hit 35C. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The prolonged lack of rain is leading to water shortages across the country with some areas introducing hosepipe bans. On August 5, Southern Water introduced a hosepipe ban for Hampshire and the Isle of Wight for the first time in 10 years. A hosepipe ban and sprinkler ban was then announced by South East Water last week which will come into force for Kent and Sussex from August 12. Welsh Water announced that residents in Pembrokeshire will be banned from using their hosepipes from August 19.  Earlier today, Thames Water confirmed a temporary hosepipe ban will be imposed in London “in the coming weeks”. The ban would affect London, parts of Gloucestershire and parts of Essex and Kent. The hosepipe ban will impact millions of Britons. Gardeners’ World is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.