Tourist taxes are often introduced to help cover the additional pressure on local services. Others are used to support the environment or build tourist infrastructure. Where are tourist taxes in place? Although a potential Benidorm tourist tax hasn’t been introduced, many places in Spain do have a tourist tax. Tourists pay between one and four euros (85 pence to £3.39) a night to stay on the Balearic islands, depending on the type of accommodation. The tax is known as the sustainable tourist tax and was introduced to help protect the environment and make tourism more sustainable. Barcelona also has a tourist tax and the rate depends on the type of accommodation a tourist is staying in. READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'avoid' 2 types of trousers to get free upgrade British tourists visiting France will normally need to pay a tax which is used to support the development of tourism. The tax is collected by hotel or accommodation owners who then transfer it over to the city. France’s tourist tax is most expensive for tourists staying in five star hotels while those in campsites will only pay a small amount. Tourists will need to pay the tax to visit Paris as well as many other major destinations in France. Venice has hit headlines recently as it plans to introduce a day tripper tax for tourists in 2023. The famous city already has a tourist tax in place for overnight visitors who will not need to pay the new fee. Charges vary across Italy and tourists will normally need to pay between £3.50 and £6 to stay in Rome. Children are usually exempt from tourist taxes and the fee depends on the style and quality of accommodation. READ MORE: Pilot share top packing item - ‘your best friend’ Tourists visiting Wales could soon have to pay a tourist tax as the Government is set to hold a consultation. It is likely that a tourist tax would be at the discretion of local authorities and would be used to support local services in honeypot areas. Some business owners in the tourism industry are against the tax as they believe it could put people off visiting Wales. A Bournemouth resident has recently launched a petition for a tourist tax for the popular beach town.