WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD FOR HOUSE OF THE DRAGON EPISODE 2.  The latest Game of Thrones prequel episode has landed and with it, pressure on King Viserys I Targaryen to remarry after the death of his wife. In the end, the King decides to marry Hand of the King Ser Otto’s daughter Alicent Hightower, who in the TV series is portrayed as a close childhood friend of the heir to the Iron Throne, Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen. George RR Martin's pre-Game of Thrones history Fire and Blood charts what happens next for the newlyweds, events that could differ in the TV show’s narrative as it goes on. In the book, the King and his new wife do end up having children, including sons to rival Rhaenyra’s claim. The firstborn is Aegon, who is followed by his sister Helaena and brothers Aemond and Daeron. But what is the destiny of these four siblings from House of The Dragon in Fire and Blood? Aegon grows up to be King Aegon II, who is crowned in 129 AC after the death of his father King Viserys I. He also marries his sister Queen Helaena and the incestuous couple has three children. It is the rival claim over the throne of their half-sister Princess Rhaenyra that sparks the Targaryen Civil War known as the Dance of the Dragons. The third-born Prince Aemond’s main trademark is having lost his right eye in a fight at the age of 10, putting a sapphire in its place. READ MORE: Cancelled Game of Thrones prequel: When $30 million pilot was set And the youngest is Prince Daeron, a handsome lad who was the most popular of the three. In House of the Dragon, Alicent Hightower is played by Emily Carey opposite Milly Alcock’s Rhaenyra. Halfway through the first season, the story will jump ahead a decade when the previous will be played by Olivia Cooke and the latter by Emma D’Arcy. King Aegon II will be portrayed by Jake and Rory Heard as an infant, Ty Tennant as a boy and Tom Glynn-Carney as a man. King Aegon II’s sister-wife Queen Helaena will be played by Evie Allen when young and by Phia Saban as an adult. Prince Aemond will be portrayed by Leo Ashton as a boy and by Ewan Mitchell as a man. There’s no casting news on Prince Daeron as of yet, although it’s possible the series could have cut the character altogether given how many there are already. House of the Dragon is streaming on NOW now.