In the latest and final round of hustings for the Conservative leadership contest, held at Wembley stadium in London in a 7,000 seat mini-arena, Ms Truss slammed Mr Khan for being “anti-car, anti-business and anti-opportunity”, before claiming that he was “holding London back”. To a sweeping round of applause, the foreign secretary pledged to “make London Conservative again” in a nod to her predecessor Boris Johnson, the last Tory Mayor of the capital. To a round of cheers, Ms Truss said: “The reality is London is being let down by Sadiq Khan. “Sadiq Khan is anti-everything. He is anti-car, he’s anti-business, he’s anti-opportunity and he is holding London back. “And I do not believe those people who say London is a Labour city. No, it is not.” Ms Truss then received a further round of applause and cheers. She added: “London is a city where people want opportunities and they want to get on in life and that is what we can deliver. We can make London Conservative again.”     Ms Truss launched a broadside against Mr Khan earlier this week ahead of the Tory hustings at Wembley Stadium. Highlighting the importance of a capital city running smoothly to ensure the success of the country, the foreign secretary claimed the Mayor was letting the UK down. She suggested he had failed to manage the striking in London and had allowed knife crime and violence against women to soar. She said: “When London does well, the UK does too. But for many years, the capital has been let down by Sadiq Khan and the Labour Party's lack of ambition and inability to deliver on their commitments. READ MORE: Khan urged to act now to halt Extinction Rebellion's next move [REVEAL]    “I will solve what he has been unable to by making sure that the capital’s vital services keep running and people feel safe walking down the street. “And I will unashamedly champion London’s success, so that it can continue to compete on a global stage by cutting taxes, slashing regulation and unleashing investment. “And I will put an end to top down housing targets and give greater local community control. “We were elected in 2019 to make sure every corner of the UK succeeds and has access to the best opportunities. DON'T MISS: Farage blasts Sadiq Khan as London sees six 'murders' in four days [REPORT] Khan blasted over ridiculous excuses for failure to control crime [REVEAL] Sadiq Khan accused of playing 'party politics' amid tube strikes [REPORT]    “Delivering for every part of London and allowing this great global city to thrive is vital to achieving this, and as Prime Minister I will endeavour to do so.” It comes as Sadiq Khan warned today that Londoners face a winter of travel chaos after claiming that a £1.2bn taxpayer bailout for London's transport network is not sufficient to prevent fresh Tube strikes. Mr Khan said that millions of commuters will suffer fare rises, service cuts and further industrial action despite an agreement between Transport for London (TfL) and ministers on a rescue deal to keep the service afloat until 2024. He warned that commuters still face fare increases and cuts to bus services. But the Mayor accused ministers of getting in the way of negotiations, denying any responsibility for the issue. READ NEXT: Tory Party at last chance saloon - they either unite or face defeatBoris calls for EU's Solvency II law to be scrapped'Unhelpful' Rishi Sunak blasted for 'odd' market remarksHave Your Say: What should the next PM's first priority should be?Liz Truss’ plans to slash National Insurance could hit state pension  