Over the last year, fraudsters have been increasingly posing as bank staff and HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). NatWest has shared some tips to help everyone avoid scams. While there’s no getting away from the alarming rise in scams fuelled in part by the pandemic, the 2022 NatWest Student Living Index suggest some worrying trends. The data shows that more than half of all students have encountered fraud or a scam, and Edinburgh is revealed as the scammer hotspot with 97 percent of students there reporting being targeted by a scam. NatWest said over the last year, fraudsters have been increasingly posing as bank staff and have attempted to con a quarter of students. Nationally, men are much more likely to be conned with these types of scams with one in three male students reporting having experienced this compared with one in five women. READ MORE: 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August A further one in six students experienced an HMRC tax rebate scam over the past academic year with 16 percent of students saying they had been contacted by crooks via fake emails, texts, or calls, claiming entitlement to a tax-rebate. Criminals engaging in these activities gather personal details which then allows them to sound genuine when they phone the victim impersonating their bank. Laura Behan, head of NatWest student accounts said: “This year’s NatWest Student Living Index reveals a concerning number of students being targeted by criminals. “We’d advise students to be on their guard when they receive an unexpected text message, email or phone call asking for personal details.” DON'T MISSUK recession warning: Britons urged to 'put money aside' [WARNING]State pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING] NatWest tips to help everyone, including students, avoid being scammed: READ MORE: Carer's Allowance could affect other benefits - don’t get caught out  Meanwhile, fraudsters are still taking advantage of the COVID-19 pandemic to scam people out of their hard earned cash. Clicking on unknown links and sharing personal details can lead to someone losing their life savings so it’s always best to err on the side of caution. A spokesperson for Which? said: "The text message claims to be a tracing notification and tells you that you’ve been exposed to the omicron covid variant and need to take a test. “Reports of this scam show the message is coming from 07874269207, 07874285262 and 07874284325."   They continued: “The message reads, ‘We’ve been notified you have been exposed to someone with COVID-19 (Omicron). Please order a mandatory test via: [health-department-uk.com]’. Britons are advised to delete the text straight away. If they have already clicked on the link and given away personal information, they should contact their bank as well as Action Fraud.