Manchester United striker Mason Greenwood hasn’t played for the club since January. And, months on, the Red Devils have still been unable to replace him. The England international remains unavailable for selection, with the Red Devils short on firepower as they gear up for Sunday’s Premier League opener against Brighton. Just a year ago, it seemed as though Greenwood was set to take centre stage for United. He impressed down the middle in a stirring 5-1 win over Leeds, having been picked ahead of Anthony Martial for that contest at Old Trafford. And Greenwood also did well enough for United before he was made unavailable for selection, scoring six goals - with only Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes proceeding to score more over the course of the campaign. Over half a year on, however, and United are still yet to take transfer action when it comes to bolstering their frontline. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Ralf Rangnick revealed back in May, shortly before his departure, that he asked United to invest in a new forward when it became clear he’d be forced to do without Greenwood. “We lost three strikers, long-term,” said Rangnick. “We should have tried to sign a player in the 48 hours we had, since we knew Mason wouldn’t be available and Anthony had already left on loan. “We were also aware Edinson might not be available for eight out of 10 games, but we didn’t do it. “There were a few. Diaz, who is now at Liverpool, Alvarez, who will be at Manchester City in the summer, and Vlahovic, who at the time was still with Fiorentina. “The answer was 'no' and that was it. I spoke to the board and told them 'shouldn’t we at least speak and analyse and find if we can at least get a player, on loan or a permanent deal'. “In the end the answer was 'no'. Maybe they didn’t want to do any winter business. “Maybe we should have at least discussed it internally, because it might be necessary and important. “It would have been short notice anyway but still, 48 hours is 48 hours. It might have been at least worth a try. But we didn’t and it wasn't done.” And though United have been targeting a new forward this summer, they’ve still been left short. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Edinson Cavani has departed, with the Uruguay international choosing to embark on a new challenge after two years in the Premier League. Darwin Nunez was originally lined up to replace his compatriot but the 23-year-old has since joined Liverpool, where he’s scored two goals from as many matches. United were never going to compete for the signature of Erling Haaland given last season’s disaster, with the Norway international now a Manchester City player. The Red Devils have been priced out of a deal for Antony, with Ajax determined to avoid losing yet another key player over in Amsterdam. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And while they’re in the mix to land Benjamin Sesko, the latest murmurings suggest the teenager will stay at Red Bull Salzburg for another year instead. If United had Greenwood at their disposal, it’s likely they’d be prioritising other areas of their squad. But the fact they don’t, and that the 20-year-old’s future at the club is extremely uncertain, has forced them into a signing they didn’t originally intend to make. Ten Hag, meanwhile, has admitted he sees more signings as vital as he looks to turn United around. “We sign Eriksen for the midfield department,” the United boss said. “We are really happy with that. “Yes, I am really happy with the performance from our midfield and offence department in this moment. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “But I also know this season – we talk about it in Bangkok and Melbourne as well – is a lot of games, the World Cup, so we need more options where you have a good team. “And it’s not only about the team, you need a good squad to get the right results at the end of the season. “So we have to strengthen the squad even more and we are looking around, but also we need the right players.” And he added: “That is a reason but also the number of games, so you need more options in offence. Clear. “I think it’s vital if you want to get success. The season is really long but we still also have time to fill that in.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here