Serena Williams has warned tennis fans about her “final moment” at the upcoming US Open, after announcing her retirement. The 23-time Grand Slam champion confirmed that the countdown to her retirement “had begun” in a Vogue interview published on Tuesday, with an assumption that the US Open will mark the final match of her legendary career. Williams stunned the tennis world on Tuesday when she announced that she was planning to retire in an interview and cover shoot for Vogue magazine. The former world No 1’s final tournament is expected to be the upcoming US Open, and she has sent the New York crowd a warning about what could be the last appearance of her career. The 40-year-old opened up on her Grand Slam count, having won 23 singles Majors to hold the Open Era record and find herself second to just Margaret Court in the all-time record books, and confessed that her goodbye would likely be low-key as opposed to a final title win at the US Open. “Unfortunately I wasn’t ready to win Wimbledon this year. And I don’t know if I will be ready to win New York. But I’m going to try. And the lead-up tournaments will be fun,” she told Vogue as she discussed her potential final tournament. The American had found herself in the position to equal Court’s record of 24 Slams by reaching the Wimbledon and US Open finals in both 2018 and 2019, but admitted that she wasn’t seeking a big end to her career. JUST IN: Raducanu suffers blow to US Open prep as Brit crashes out of Toronto  Williams continued: “I know there’s a fan fantasy that I might have tied Margaret that day in London, then maybe beat her record in New York, and then at the trophy ceremony say, ‘See ya!’ I get that. It’s a good fantasy.” But the 73-time singles title winner admitted that there wouldn’t be a huge farewell in New York, adding: “But I’m not looking for some ceremonial, final on-court moment. I’m terrible at goodbyes, the world’s worst.” DON''T MISS Emma Raducanu takes action to avoid being 'attacked' ahead of US OpenMedvedev responds to attack from Russian politician ahead of US OpenRafa Nadal injury update as Spaniard spotted on court ahead of US Open  While the six-time US Open champion wasn’t buying into the fairytale ending for her career, she shared her gratitude to all of her fans and supporters over the years as she confessed she would miss being a competitor on the tour when she hung up her racket in the coming weeks. “But please know that I am more grateful for you than I can ever express in words,” Williams said. “You have carried me to so many wins and so many trophies. I’m going to miss that version of me, that girl who played tennis. And I’m going to miss you.” 