Our Yorkshire Farm fans look forward to seeing Amanda Owen and her children as they help out on the farm. Channel 5 has been airing repeat episodes which show the family hard at work at Ravenseat. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old Nancy is now. Amanda Owen has sent her fans into a frenzy after sharing a photo of her beautiful daughters on social media. Viewers are eagerly awaiting the return of Our Yorkshire Farm as they love watching the children get stuck in. In the meantime, the mother of nine has been sharing plenty of updates on her Instagram account. She shared a photo of Annas, eight, Clemmy, six and Nancy, who is now five years old. The trio were seen laying in the grass, wearing beautiful floral dresses and sunglasses. READ MORE : GB News confirms three big names in new presenting line-up Viewers could not quite believe how grown-up five-year-old Nancy looked laying next to her sisters. In February 2022, Amanda shared a photo of Nancy on her own, wearing a pink skirt and a striped top. She wrote: "All this stormy weather, big coats and woolly hats has proved tutu much." Fans could not help but compare the youngster to her big sister Raven, calling her the "spitting image". In December 2021 Amanda opened up on how she felt about sending Nancy to school for the first time. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star Amanda said during an episode of Our Yorkshire Farm: "Nancy has definitely found her own little voice. "But it will be nice for her to go to school and you know, learn about the big wide world. “So, she has another six months [left] and the six months have been on her own as the only child left at home." Amanda said it would do her daughter good since she has found her own independent character. The Yorkshire Shepherdess's youngest daughter has stolen the show since her very first appearance. DON'T MISS... UB40 star blasts band's 'loyalty' after being 'forced' out [VIDEO] Emmerdale fans 'work' out Naomi Walters' link to Meena [DISCUSSION] Violet Owen age: How old is Amanda Owen's daughter? [INSIGHT] She helped out her family during lambing season while her siblings all went off to school. Fans were full of praise for Nancy as they watched her step up to help her parents in need. They called her "adorable" and said she was "growing up so quickly" like the rest of her siblings. All of Amanda's children have received praise for getting stuck in on the farm. READ MORE:Poldark star Aidan Turner teases return as Ross Poldark The star's latest post was celebrating her eldest daughter Raven, who has been volunteering for the NHS. Amanda's other daughters posed alongside their sister and Amanda said she was "very proud". She added: "Working hard & studying too, moving forward, multitasking, turning her hand to anything & striving to make a difference." Fans have also noticed how Raven looks exactly like her mother.  Our Yorkshire Farm airs on Saturdays on Channel 5 at 3pm.