This comes as the NHS rolled out its plans to offer an Omicron-based booster jabs for all over 50s. Dr Karol Sikora appeared on Dan Wootton’s show on Monday night to slam Mr Blair’s “delusional self-importance” as The Guardian pleaded with its readers to remember that Covid is not over.  The oncologist and former chief of the WHO’s (World Health Organisation) cancer programme listed his reasons as to why the extra vaccine was mostly unnecessary. He stated it was a “waste of resources” as “clearing the NHS backlog should be top priority” and said that vaccines themselves do not “reduce infection rate.” Dr Sikora added that in most cases it is something only the “vulnerable require” and that in rare incidents there can be “serious adverse reactions” to the jab. He explained to Mr Wootton: “It’s so easy to scare the public and it attracts media attention.  “Both Tony Blair and the psychologist produced no evidence for what they were trying to do. “That’s the key. We have to have evidence. “Just to come out and have another booster for everybody is completely crazy, the virus has mutated, it is infectious still but it’s much less damaging.  READ MORE: Fern Britton addresses 'sharing bedroom' after Phil Vickery divorce “There are less than 300 people on ventilators now, at the peak there was something like 10,000 people on ventilators. “It’s changed. We’re developing herd immunity, that dreadful phrase that came out at the beginning. “What we don’t need is Tony Blair coming out with his great ideas. DON'T MISS:'Momentous mistake' Joan Collins, 89, admits regretting marriage [SHOWBIZ]David Dimbleby says Princess Diana ‘wasn't bullied’ into BBC interview [REVEAL]'Cheeky b*****ds!' Thieves MOON at locals after stealing tools - VIDEO [WATCH]  “I’d like to know the immunologists and the vaccinologists and the infectious disease people the Tony Blair Foundation has consulted. “This is just craziness to listen to this.” At the time of writing the number of new cases of COVID-19 in England in the last week was 40,027, down 10,796 from the previous week. The new booster campaign is set to begin on September 5. 