In an interview with Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty on BBC Breakfast, the former child star explained how being a singer from an early age led to him wanting to turn his back on fame. The singer was discussing exams and education ahead of the launch for his new musical, The Osmonds - A New Musical. Since 1970, the classic pop group The Osmonds have been touring and selling millions of records worldwide. Naturally, this had an impact on the young family's education and thankfully their mother and tutors were on hand to assist their development. The BBC presenters asked whether Jay, who's been a performer from the age of two years old, ever took exams. Jay replied: "I wanted to go back to college and take exams. I wanted to be a normal person." Read More: Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ real reason Spider returned  Charlie interjected: "So were you not doing normal education?" The pop star continued: "No, because we were on the road and we had tutors with us and we are always travelling. "My mother was a school teacher. And it was very important to her about education and, and the value of it and in the intrinsic value of it. "So we all grew up with the love of education, you know, we're all readers. In fact, she had great journals." "And so with this means that I had to go back in at zero, thank goodness, my mother had us write these journals." He conceded that despite the success of the band, he yearned for a more simple life. He concluded: "And so all these stories that are there in this musical that is about this, these feelings that I had growing up, some of the struggles, you know, I wanted to go to regular school." The inspiration for his new musical comes from his childhood battles. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty sparks outrage for 'interrupting' SNP's Ian Blackford [INSIGHT]Charlie Stayt shuts down Naga over Gladiators demo 'Not gonna do that' [ARTICLE]Naga Munchetty shares fears after 'dangerous' moment with husband [INSIGHT] He concluded: "And so all these stories that are there here in this musical that is about this, this feelings that I had growing up some of the struggles, you know, I wanted to go to regular school." The inspiration for his new musical comes from his childhood battles. Referring to his new musical he declared: "I want to read the actual experience and so I did I made that possible. It was a big part of my life." Jay's new musical runs in UK in September and depicts the story of the hugely successful boyband. The musical states: "The Osmonds lived a remarkable life recording chart topping albums, selling out vast arena concerts and making record breaking TV shows - until one bad decision cost them everything." The Osmond's consisted of the siblings Donny, Wayne, Alan, Jay and Merrill and they sold over 77 million records worldwide. BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am