Hannibal Mejbri is expected to complete a move away from Manchester United on Monday. The 19-year-old midfielder has been linked with a loan switch throughout the summer transfer window and is now destined for an Old Trafford exit before Thursday's deadline. According to The Athletic, Championship strugglers Birmingham City are set to sign Hannibal on a season-long loan, with no option to buy next summer. Several clubs in England's second tier had courted the Tunisia international, but he has opted to join John Eustace's ranks at St. Andrews'. United were keen to tie Hannibal down to a new contract before he left the club, but new terms are yet to be agreed. However, the Red Devils are comfortable with the situation, given his current deal runs until 2024 with the option to 2025, and discussions over the matter will continue. Hannibal wants regular minutes ahead of the winter World Cup in Qatar to cement a starting spot for Tunisia, who will face France, Australia and Denmark in Group D. The playmaker has already represented his nation 16 times and is considered one of the most exciting starlets at his club after joining from AS Monaco for a potential £9.3million fee in 2019. JUST IN: Nottingham Forest 'on verge' of sealing deal after target skips match  Hannibal was called up to the United first team several times under Ralf Rangnick last season, making two Premier League appearances against Liverpool and Crystal Palace. He also received minutes in the Red Devils' pre-season games against Crystal Palace, Aston Villa and Rayo Vallecano. But the 2021 Denzil Haroun Reserves Player of the Year hasn't featured on the bench in Erik ten Hag's opening four games, and the Dutchman has sanctioned a temporary departure for his development. Birmingham have started their league campaign with one win, two draws and three defeats, sitting above Swansea City, Huddersfield Town and Coventry City in 21st. READ MORE: Carragher tells Everton YouTuber 'get to f***' in row over Richarlison  The Sunday People claim that Birmingham have also decided to pursue a permanent deal for Tahith Chong, who spent last season on loan at the club. Chong could be one of a few sales United make before the deadline, with James Garner up for sale and Aaron Wan-Bissaka also in talks over an exit. Shola Shoretire is another youngster potentially destined for a loan switch, and Amad could also depart on another temporary deal if a suitable opportunity emerges. It's likely to be a busy final few days of the window at Old Trafford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here