There are suspicions at Manchester United that the rumours of Marcus Rashford being open to joining Paris Saint-Germain this summer is a ploy by his representatives to gain a new contract, according to reports. The England international’s current deal expires next summer. However, there is a clause in Rashford’s contract that United can activate so that the contract runs through until 2024. Reports circulated earlier this summer suggesting that the England international was willing to leave Old Trafford this summer in favour of a move elsewhere having fallen down the pecking order under Ralf Rangnick. But those rumours soon quietened down, especially after it became clear that Cristiano Ronaldo was no longer happy at United. Thus, his potential departure would have left a vacant No 9 spot to spearhead Erik ten Hag’s attack. The news of United standing firm and not letting Ronaldo has led to rumours of Rashford’s departure surfacing again. Though sources told Manchester Evening News that they believe that the player’s representatives held talks with PSG to push United to offer the versatile forward a new contract. JUST IN: What Erik ten Hag has been working on this week to correct Man Utd Rashford’s brother, Dwaine Maynard, and his agent spoke with the PSG last week, who hold a long-term interest in the United academy product. But the player himself has indicated that he wants to remain with his boyhood club, leading to ‘suspicions’ at United about the true reason behind the meetings. There is the belief that it was potentially a negotiation tactic by Maynard to prompt the Red devils into offering his brother a bumper new deal. Though it has been largely unsuccessful as the club themselves were not taken aback by the PSG suggestions. READ MORE: Barcelona 'approach trusted agent' in astonishing De Jong twist Ten Hag also addressed the reports claiming that Rashford could move elsewhere in his press conference on Friday, saying: "He's really important. You have seen from the first day I'm in, I'm really happy with him, I definitely don't want to lose him. "He's in our plans and he will stay at Manchester United." United appear to be streetwise about how Rashford and his representatives are trying to force United’s hand this summer, so rushing to offer the 24-year-old a new deal feels unlikely given the feeling inside the club. Though if Ten Hag does fail in his bid to bring another forward to the club and Rashford takes his opportunities, one would imagine it is only a matter of time before he is offered a long-term deal by the club.