In July, Loose Women panellist Kaye Adams opened up about her hearing loss, something she says she had been "struggling" with for around five years. During an airing of the ITV panel show, the 59-year-old said her inability to hear had been "scary" at times. She explained: "For around five-ish years, maybe more, I have been aware that I've been struggling but you just make excuses." As time went on, the TV star said she had begun to joke about her hearing loss, but eventually realised it becoming more serious. She said: "Although you laugh that off, it is now beginning to get to me because, I think, I'm really missing things and I don't want to be a standing joke." The show then aired a segment which showed Kaye visiting a doctor to have her ears tested before being told that she is losing her hearing in both ears. READ MORE: Paul Newman: Risk factors of the 'horrible' disease that killed actor The doctor advised her to wear a hearing aid in each moving forward. Kaye admitted she was not expecting the diagnosis, to which she asked the doctor: "Both ears?" She also shared her experience on Instagram Stories, showing more insight into her hearing check-up. She wrote: "Never thought I'd say I enjoyed an ear test but @ferazashraf made it easy and painless. "Have to admit though his diagnosis was a shock." The TV panellist also showed a close-up image of her new hearing aids. In the UK, one in six of the adult population is affected by hearing loss. Approximately eight million of these are people over the age of 60. Research by Baaudiology claims that while around six million people could benefit from hearing aids, only about two million people use them. Though hearing loss is fairly common, it can be hard to notice as the symptoms may develop gradually. DON'T MISSPopular drink is linked to type 2 diabetes and hypertension [REPORT]Popular painkiller could cause cause 'dramatic' damage to gut [COMMENT]Bowel cancer: Nation's favourite sandwich ingredient may hike risk [INSIGHT] Common symptoms of hearing loss include: Sometimes other people around you may notice you are struggling to hear before you do.