Ofgem today announced the price cap would be hiked to £3,549 from October, representing an 80 percent hike. With worries growing, there are also concerns about a dangerous scam currently circulating via email. The email states the recipient is eligible for a payment refund, having supposedly paid more than they should have in the previous tax year. As a result, the email states Britons are entitled to a refund, but will need to take action to claim it. The correspondence includes a link which directs a person to fill out a form with their personal and financial information. However, this is all part of an elaborate scam designed to get hold of Britons' personal details - and subsequently, their hard-earned cash. READ MORE: Millions of retirees 'trembling with anxiety’ - energy price cap soars The email may seem legitimate as reports suggest it has bypassed spam filters, as well as using the energy company logo, despite there being no connection to the firm. The consumer publication Which? has  also identified the signs Britons may be coming into contact with a scam. The key point to note is the email address of the sender, as this could provide a huge clue as to whether people are receiving legitimate correspondence. Four email domains have already been identified as dangerous by the publication, and they are as follows: DON'T MISSNS&I releases new savings offer with three percent interest rate [UPDATE]State pension age feared to rise to 70 and above - ‘working longer' [INSIGHT]‘Going back to WW2 rationing!’ Pensioners call for support [LATEST]  As the energy price cap has once again risen, scammers could be preying on the uncertainty surrounding the matter. This is particularly concerning for vulnerable and elderly people who are often the targets of such scams. With desperation on the rise for support, individuals may find themselves more susceptible to scams which promise the world. Consequently, it is important for all Britons to be on their guard to stay protected and keep their cash in their pocket. READ MORE: Brace yourselves we're in a mess and price cap just made it much worse Cifas states consumers should always check the authenticity of emails before considering parting with personal or financial details. People are able to check if the offer is legitimate by contacting the organisation or service provider. This should be done using details provided on other correspondence one has from the company, or on their official website. Amber Burridge, Head of Intelligence for Cifas, has warned the cost of living crisis is set to cause scams to become more commonplace. This is because criminals are using a number of ways to target unsuspecting victims. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ms Burridge continued: “Remember, no matter how an offer comes to your attention, there are very few occasions where there is a legitimate need to hand over your bank details. “Fraud can be executed in stages, and criminals will try a combination of different techniques, from sending ‘free products’ to unsolicited calls purporting to be from a trusted organisation. “Think carefully before responding to unsolicited calls, texts or emails, and always challenge requests for personal or financial information. “Just like you should never give out a one-time passcode, do not give anyone permission to remotely access your computer. “It is crucial that we continue to remain vigilant of fraud and work together to stop criminals from exploiting the public.”