The Security Service of Ukraine says the attempted assassination was attempted by members of the Russian military intelligence agency, the GRU. The failed hitmen were promised a reward of up to $150,000 for each target killed.  On Monday evening, the Security Service of Ukraine (SSU) put out a new report to say it has prevented a Russian assassination attack. The targets were Ukraine’s Defense Minister Oleksii Reznikov and Defence Intelligence Head Kyrylo Budanov. The report states that a “well-known Ukrainian activist” was also targeted but they did not reveal any identifying information. According to the SSU, the assassination attempt was a “test” by Russia and further killings of Ukrainian citizens were planned.   The report states that other potential targets were the leader of the National Corps Party, Andrii Biletskyi who served as a commander of the militia Azov Battalion. The SSU reported, "The Security Service has prevented a series of contract murders of representatives of Ukraine’s top military and political leadership and public figures.” The report is still being independently verified outside of Ukraine and Russia has not yet put out a statement about the report. Anton Gerashchenko, Ukrainian Advisor to the Minister of Internal Affairs, has shared a video on social media that appears to show the two failed assassins being arrested.  READ MORE: Inside Ukraine's decentralised cyber army exposing oligarchs   The two agents were arrested in the city of Kovel in northwestern Ukraine. Officers found a Russian passport and said they also found “evidence of criminal acts". The Ukrainian Prosecutor’s Office says law enforcement arrested the suspects on suspicion of treason. One man was a resident of eastern Luhansk, which is currently held by Russian separatists and is suspected of being part of the Russian-controlled “people’s militia” which has participated in attacks against Ukraine since 2014. The other man arrested was from Kyiv, Ukraine’s capital.  DON'T MISS: 'No one's left' Russian officer tells of mass troop desertions [REVEAL]'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood [BREAKING]Ukraine: Zelensky's heroes shoot down Kalibr missiles over cities [REPORT] The acting Head of the SSU has said that the alleged assassination attempt was in response to Russia’s lack of progress in the invasion of Ukraine. Vasy Malyuk said: "The enemy cannot win on the battlefield, so he resorts to his usual methods—he tries to organise assassination attempts on the military and heads of Ukrainian authorities, "And thereby once again proves to the whole world that Russia is a terrorist state that does not follow any civilised rules. “But we perfectly understand what to expect from the Russian Federation, so we act in advance and neutralise the enemy's special operations in advance." 