Robbie Williams, 48, gave a candid insight into his marriage with his wife Ayda Fields, 43, as the Take That star admitted the couple "annoy" each other at times. The Angels hitmaker chatted on Heart Breakfast with Jamie Theakston and stand-in presenter Zoe Hardman yesterday. The veteran musician spoke from the comfort of his bed as the singer admittedly opted to go nude underneath the duvet. Discussing his family life, Robbie was quizzed on Ayda's fun-filled Instagram account where she keeps her followers entertained with cheeky pranks, comedy and dance videos. The singer revealed the couple is always laughing and joking around but it's not uncommon for the pair to get on each other's nerves as he addressed his other half's "unforgivable" act. He told listeners: "It is a laugh a minute, she is very funny, she is, her job was being a comedian, so she does make me laugh. "I annoy her, she annoys me too, it’s just one of those relationships where we flip between you know, the two things of 'you’re hilarious!' to 'I want to kill you now!' READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John's niece in tears over Grease star's final days Zoe quizzed: "Like when she tipped that glass of water over your head when you were asleep, did that really annoy you?" Robbie replied: "Yeah it really did. "That did annoy me, it was actually one of those things where I thought, I am, this is unforgivable, I’m never going to be able to get over this, and then within a minute of waking up I was like, actually that was funny, well done." The Rock DJ hitmaker was also quizzed on his appearance as the singer appeared topless during the candid chat.  Jamie asked: "Uhm are you naked?" Robbie replied: "Yeah I’ll show you…," as both hosts urged the singer to not strip off during the video call. He joked: "And then I’ll show you a bit more of me. I’m completely naked yeah." The pop legend has just released his brand new single Lost, while his new album XXV is out on September 7. DON'T MISS... Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie[LATEST]Kevin Bacon unveils ageless appearance just days before sad loss[PICTURES]Darryl Hunt dead: The Pogues' bass player dies aged 72 - 'Saddened'[TRIBUTES] He also discussed his proudest moments as the singer gushed over his children, whom he shares with his wife Ayda. Robbie said: “My proudest moment when Theodora Rose Williams was born, I picked her up and took her to the window and said ‘behold’. “I don’t think there’s been a prouder moment on the planet for me.” As well as their nine-year-old daughter, Robbie and Ayda are also parents to Charlie, seven, Coco, three, and two-year-old Beau. Robbie has been in a relationship with American actress Ayda since 2006. Three years later, the couple got engaged, and they married at his home in Mulholland Estates in Beverly Hills on August 7, 2010. The pair appeared alongside each other as judges on The X Factor in 2018. Listen to Heart Breakfast with Jamie Theakston and Amanda Holden weekdays from 6:30am - 10am.