Tommy Fury has called out Jake Paul for a fight to finally go down in the United Kingdom. Both men have been set to face each other on two occasions already to no avail. The first was in December last year when Fury pulled out due to a rib injury and then again in August when he was denied entry to the United States. Since the cancellation of their previous dates, Paul has been tearing into Fury online and claims he is “scared to face him.” But ‘TNT’ has affirmed that he is ready to face Paul in October and wants to settle the score once and for all. In an Instagram story, he said: “A certain somebody can’t keep my name out their mouth, he’s got me in his Instagram bio, he’s doing tweets about me, and he’s even put Amanda Serrano on the Joe Joyce and Joseph Parker bill knowing full well that I’ll be there. “I see he’s put out that he’s fighting in October at 185lb. I have already been training, I am fully ready for October. 185lb is my fighting weight. If you want this dust settled once and for all get yourself over here and let’s get it on there are no excuses here, no one’s afraid to fight you. Get in touch, you pick the date, the venue let’s get it on.” ‘The Problem Child’ has already set his terms for a fight against Tyson Fury’s brother in the UK. During the breakdown of their last fight, the YouTube star stated that he would require a $15m purse due to the reduction in overall revenue if it is held across the pond. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury makes yet another retirement U-turn to challenge Usyk Joshua storms out the ring in fury, shouts at Usyk Usyk sent emotional message from Ukraine president after AJ win “We’ve spoken to Tommy Fury’s lawyers, they’re all advising him to just go to the embassy to get his VISA. That’s all he has to do,” said Paul in July on social media. “But Tommy is showing no urgency, he hasn’t gone yet, he’s not communicating with us on what he’s doing. “Is this another case of Tommy fumbles just being scared to fight me? I think that’s what it is. I think the Fury family’s trying to manipulate something here to make me fight in the UK. Ok, you want me to fight in the UK? “Show me $15m, because here in America we do more pay-per-view buys, we do more ticket sales and we do more sponsorships. I’ve shown you the money we’re ready to go – MSG August 6. Tommy, are you going to miss out on the biggest payday of your life because you want me to come to the UK? Like I said, I’ll come there just show me the money, but you can’t do that, you don’t have $15m.”