Manchester United previously turned down the chance to sign Red Bull Salzburg striker Benjamin Sesko for as little as £2.5million, according to reports. The teenager has emerged as a transfer target for Erik ten Hag this summer as he seeks more firepower at Old Trafford. And the 19-year-old is being tipped to become even better than Erling Haaland over in Austria, having burst onto the scene over the past year. Manchester United are eyeing Sesko at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo’s future is up in the air, with the Portugal international eager to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football. However, they’re keen on landing a new forward regardless of what happens with the 37-year-old. United have lost Edinson Cavani on a free transfer after two years at the club, while Mason Greenwood is uncertain to ever play for the Red Devils again having last featured back in January. Sesko has emerged as a target in recent weeks, particularly after his goal for Salzburg in their recent 1-0 friendly win over Liverpool. And The Athletic say United previously turned down the chance to sign the Slovenian hitman back in 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager. It’s claimed that, at the time, they felt £2.5m was too much to pay for the player. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Yet United now face paying for that mistake, with Salzburg ready to up their price tag to a fee that would be ‘complicated’ for the fallen Premier League giants to pay. John Murtough recently held talks with Sesko’s agent last Wednesday, with more conversations planned in the near future. But United aren’t alone in admiring the 19-year-old, with Chelsea and Liverpool also potential suitors for the Slovenian as the uncertainty over his future grows. It’ll now be interesting to see if they’re able to land Sesko this summer. And he’s not the only player the Red Devils are eyeing as they look to add to the signings of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen. DON’T MISS:Manchester United could be about to sign another Falcao and TevezMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join  United want a back-up goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, particularly in the wake of the decision to send Dean Henderson out on loan. Henderson has joined Nottingham Forest and recently revealed he didn’t talk to Ten Hag before his temporary departure from Old Trafford. "To be honest, it has probably been the toughest 12 months of my career,” he said. "It was frustrating, because I turned down so many good loans last summer for that reason, and they would not let me go. "The conversation I had coming out of the Euros squad was: 'You're coming back here to be the number one.' Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "I got Covid-19, came back, so I should have still been the number one but then nobody followed through with what they had told me. "To sit there for 12 months, it is criminal really, at my age. I was fuming. I told the hierarchy that I need to be playing football and to let me go, and I was almost gone before the manager [Erik ten Hag] came through the door. I have not spoken to him since. "I worked hard on and off the pitch to keep improving day in, day out, and now I am looking forward to the season with Nottingham Forest.” United also want a new right-back, too. Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams are both up for sale and the Red Devils have been linked with Inter Milan star Denzel Dumfries. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team In midfield, Frenkie de Jong is their top transfer target - though Chelsea have also joined the race for the Barcelona star. And, up top, United have also been linked with Antony as well as Sesko. Speaking at the end of last month, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted more signings were ‘vital’ for the Red Devils. “You need more options in offence,” he said. “I think it’s vital if you want to get success, the season is really long. But we also have still time to fill that in.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here