I mean, of course, by cutting the choice of leader to a brisk formality, instead of insisting on the exhausting drag that it is presently inflicting on its members. Our world is in crisis, our country is in crisis, yet in finding a new premier we are four weeks down and over four more to go. The candidates slag each other off day by day and by September 7, may have succeeded in discrediting each other completely. Meanwhile, Labour, albeit led by a cipher who could not lead a thirsty Marine into a bar, surges to a nine-point lead in the polls. That is an election-winning margin. Even if it does not suffice, an alliance of Labour and one or two minor parties would do the trick. Suppose one of those were the Scottish Nationalists. Their brideprice would certainly be a slanted referendum to rip Caledonia from the UK and it might even be granted. Power is the most powerful narcotic known to Man. The only good news in all this is that, at the top end, Labour is also riven by feuding. The deputy leader's arm candy is a passionate Corbynista of the far Left who Sir Keir Starmer has just fired. Clearly in the organising of the Labour army, the role model is Fred Karno, the custard pie in the face creator. It could be the incredibly lucky Tories will be saved once again by Labour bungling. But that is a long shot. The key is twofold: the silent and abandoned phalanx of lifelong Tory voters in the shires and the RedWall of the North. The Tories recently lost three seats once thought unchallengeably safe. These were clearly protest votes firmly in the "Fed-Up" category, but people who have switched once do not always go back. As for the Red Wall, these were a millionplus lifelong Labour voters also in the Fed-Up category giving the Tories a cast-iron Commons majority, but not necessarily forever. And please do not say that the return of Boris Johnson is the answer. He had all the chances and opportunities that a benign Almighty could offer and in the last 10 months managed to blow them all. The only answer is for the Tories to cut the cackle and give the membership its vote in 10 days, not over four more weeks. But, oblivious to Dr Johnson (no relation), it seems they cannot concentrate what is left of their mind even as the firing squad pulls back the hammers.  Magnificent though the victory of the Lionesses to win the Euros was last Sunday, it has come to something when all England has to go into hysteria after a sporting victory against a foreign team. Dammit, we invented football and cricket and taught them to the world and now struggle to avoid being crushed on the green turf. Perhaps we should invent a sport that only the English play. Then we could be world champions forever. How about poohsticks? Sorry, the streams have all dried up. Retired (thank God) former Judge Advocate General Jeff Blackett took time during his appearance on last Sunday's TV documentary on the case of Marine Sgt Al Blackman to slag off the decorated former NCO who was found guilty in an impressively slanted court martial that he presided over. For a retired judge this is disgusting behaviour. The facts are simply that Sgt Blackman, right, in an Afghan hellhole called Nad E' Ali, ended the life of a Taliban fighter who was clearly dying, his body ripped apart by cannon shells from an Apache helicopter. The Blackett court, unchallenged by the defence, declared the man was saveable with a helicopter to a surgical unit at Camp Bastion, many miles away. This was a purely medical judgment by unqualified lawyers who were not there.  There was no Medevac helicopter. But Blackett, from the bench, warmly supported the claim. On the TV, Blackett repeated his claim that Sgt Blackman was guilty of murder. It is a fundamental principle of British jurisprudence that anyone charged before a court is entitled to a "fair trial". Two short words, but crucial. Al Blackman did not get one. I read the transcript - every page screams "scapegoat".  Three Court of Appeal Law Lords quashed the verdict after listening to Jonathan Goldberg QC give the imprisoned sergeant the defence that he never had at court martial. Even that re-trial was a minor miracle. It took a year of slog by people like Richard Drax MP, a tabloid newspaper and an amazing £800,000 of group funding by British donors who had never met the man in the prison cell. I never cease to be amazed at the gut instinct for justice of the British people. Eventually the embedded forces of the Establishment could resist no more and a referral to the Court of Appeal had to be granted. Years later, the wretched Blackett still cannot restrain himself from posturing in a wig and robes on camera. When you are presented with claimed information, examine two things. The claim and its source. The latter can tell you how much to believe. When the chief of MI6 speaks, that comes from the very top. Richard Moore, presently the "C" down at Vauxhall Cross, does not pay attention to scuttlebutt from the laundry. Moore, pictured below, has just expressed the view that the Russian army is about to run out of steam. As in implode. Every day we see pictures and reports from the Ukrainian war and though they are distressing, they also reveal that the Ukrainians are fighting for every square inch of their homeland and refusing to give up an inch without forcing the Russians to pay a blood price for it. But very little comes to us from the Russian front and not much from Moscow except propaganda. So if the chief speaks about a real crisis enveloping Putin's horde, with spiralling casualties and plummeting morale, his secret source is way up inside the Russian establishment. Someone has whispered something to one of our agents in the heart of Moscow. that is worth listening to.  Long ago, fighting Napoleon, the czar said his two best generals were January and February. Indeed it was they who defeated Bonaparte's Grande Armée. Those two freezing generals will return in five months if the Ukrainians can hold on. And that is when the Russian soldiery may well decide it can take no more. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest Obsessed as the media are, we must be regaled every day with reports of further outbreaks of Covid. What we are not being told is the mortality toll. That is because it is virtually off the scale - downwards. But since we are at a point where we must have something to panic over, soon perhaps we will be schooled to presume that anyone scratching their armpits must have monkeypox. And rush around screaming in distress. 