Fans are itching to get their hands on the next episodes of The Blacklist after Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington’s (played by James Spader) suffered two huge losses in the season nine finale. Thankfully, the NBC drama may have already confirmed who’ll be taking the place of two of the show’s long-running agents. The 10th season of The Blacklist will reportedly introduce a new main character with major ties to the drama’s first outing. Viewers will be introduced to Siya Malik, an MI6 intelligence officer, who will shake up the task force going forward. According to a report from Deadline, Siya is the daughter of Meera Malik (Parminder Nagra), an FBI agent who worked with Red in the first season. Meera was ultimately killed by an assassin at the end of The Blacklist’s debut outing and, 10 years later, Siya will enter the fold looking for answers. READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit She will apparently arrive at the task force to find out the truth about her mother’s work and untimely death. The 10th season could feature the first appearances from Meera in quite some time if Siya’s investigation is successful and the series flashes back to 10 years ago. Siya’s casting has yet to be confirmed, and NBC has yet to make an official comment. However, the introduction of a new character would certainly build excitement for The Blacklist’s forthcoming 10th season. The milestone instalment already has considerable interest following the recent losses of multiple major characters. Red’s daughter Liz Keen (Megan Boone) was killed at the end of season eight, making the ninth season the first without the show’s original lead. Moreover, both Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison) and Alina Park (Laura Sohn) stepped down from the task force in the season nine finale. Both series regulars could eventually be brought back to the series as their departures left the door open for their eventual return. DON'T MISS:Raising Kanan star teases outcome of Malcolm Howard revelation [EXCLUSIVE]BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets [NEWS]Flight Lieutenant takes no rubbish from BBC hosts in epic interview [VIDEO] Aram decided he would leave to “take some time away” from the FBI, while Alina will be on medical leave after it was revealed she was pregnant. In reality, Amir is currently starring in the stage version of The Kite Runner on Broadway. Thankfully, it seems the task force won’t seem quite so empty as Siya will certainly shake things up for Red and his remaining colleagues. As well as series lead James, Diego Klattenhoff, Harry Lennix and Hisham Tawfiq are all expected to reprise their roles as Donald Ressler, Harold Cooper and Dembe Zuma, respectively. Unfortunately, it’s still unknown when the next season will eventually surface. The latest update came from location manager Tom Scutro, who told Westchester County Tourism & Film: “We’re thrilled to be returning for a 10th season, which we’ll start filming after Labor Day.” If the series remains on schedule, fans should expect the next season of The Blacklist to begin in the first half of 2023. The Blacklist is available to watch on NBC in the USA and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.