This week viewers will see trouble in paradise between the couple after Faye Windass (played by Ellie Leach) loses her head with Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) for interfering with her job after he asks her boss Carla Connor (Alison King) not to put her under pressure. With tensions rising, Craig offers to move out which results in Faye making a drunken pass at Michael Bailey (Ryan Russell).  Despite Craig apologising for humiliating Faye, she’s left unimpressed after he buys her a special nightie that’s meant to help with sleep and keep her cool during the night. Although his intentions were kind, Faye is left distraught which results in Craig packing his stuff to move back in with his mum. Later on, she’s hurt even more after she watches him and Jess Heywood (Donnaleigh Bailey) enjoying themselves at their community engagement stall. To celebrate the factory workers getting the order out ahead of time, Carla pops open a bottle of fizz and Faye has a few to deal with her situation with Craig.   After having a couple of drinks, Faye has a heart-to-heart with Michael in The Rovers. With the mix of alcohol and her emotions running high, she makes a pass at Michael and as their friendship is blossoming could it turn into romance? Since Faye was diagnosed with early menopause it’s continued to put a strain on her relationship with Craig and his helpfulness could be the final straw. Speaking to Inside Soap about the sensitive storyline, the actress revealed she’s doing research to make sure she gets everything correct.  She said the toughest part of the story for her is filming the mood-swings as she called them “demanding” Ellie said: “One minute you're saying something nice, and the next minute you're being so horrible. “Obviously it's not real, but I don't like saying horrible things to Colson! “We get along so well. We've been friends for 10 years, so we just understand each other — it's like family. “He's like my best, best mate. And it's so nice to work with your best friend all the time."   It looks as though Faye and Craig aren’t the only couple whose relationship is on the rocks. Over the past weeks, viewers have seen Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) and Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) try and spice things up in the bedroom. After having a triple-heart bypass, Tim has struggled with impotence and despite her best efforts, Sally was left furious to see he had been looking at porn online. Accusing him of shutting her out, Tim confides in pal Aggie about his ongoing struggles.   The couple have been getting closer over the past few months and viewers think an affair could be looming on the cobbles. On Twitter, Georgia posted: "Here me now! Tim and Aggie will have an affair!" Mick added: "Tim’s going to find his mojo with Aggie." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.