Kane Allcock, from Crewe, Cheshire, repeatedly had migraines after testing positive for coronavirus in December. After being admitted to A&E, doctors prescribed codeine painkillers. But the boy's headaches did not go away. He also began being sick and struggling to walk, due to dizziness. His mother, Nicki Allcock, said she had taken him back and forth to doctors as his symptoms got worse but neurological observations did not pick up any issues. She insisted she "knew something wasn't right". READ MORE: Seven-year-old British schoolgirl killed by speedboat in Albania In April, the teenager, Mrs Allcock and her husband Steve went to Blackpool for a football tournament but he was too unwell to play. They took him home and straight to the A&E at Leighton Hospital in Crewe, where, after blood tests, Mrs Allcock said they were once again told their child was suffering from migraines. But a nurse whom she told about a dent on the boy's head changed the course of things. Mrs Allcock said: "The message I was getting was that he was still just suffering from migraines. "But when we were being booked into the assessment ward, I spoke to a nurse who seemed to take us more seriously and I told her I'd noticed a dent at the back of Kane's head. "She admitted Kane and said we wouldn't be going home until the following day at the earliest." Kane, who plays for Crewe Alexandra's youth team, had a seizure and was sent for an MRI scan, which revealed he had a large non-cancerous tumour. DON'T MISSHosepipe ban rules: Every restriction outlined [INSIGHT]What is to blame for the recession? [HAVE YOUR SAY]NHS patients should be punished for missing appointments [POLL] Doctors found a build-up of pressure on his brain from excess fluid and the tumour, triggering a seven-and-a-half-hour emergency operation at Alder Hey children's hospital in Liverpool, where he was transferred by ambulance. Mrs Allcock, a medical secretary for Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS), said: "We followed in the car and it was the longest 50 minutes of our lives. "When we got there, we barely spent any time with Kane before we were asked to sign the consent forms for his surgery, and he was quickly taken into theatre for an operation to treat the hydrocephalus." The youngster had to undergo three operations at the hospital before being discharged in May. The family stayed in the local Ronald McDonald House, a site which provides free accommodation to families with sick children. After Kane's return home, the family, his football club and school raised more than £3,000 for Alder Hey Children's Charity and Ronald McDonald House Charities.