The Duchess of Cornwall is fit and active thanks to a balanced diet and regular workouts. Express.co.uk spoke to experts about which healthy foods Camilla enjoys, and how others too can incorporate these into their daily diets. Nataly Komova, a nutrition and fitness expert, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla’s healthy lifestyle. She suggested one of the ways Camilla likely stays slim is by eating a balanced diet and not depriving herself of too much. The nutrition expert said this may include hearty, traditional foods including roast chicken, baked salmon, steak, and shepherd’s pie. In conversation with You magazine, the Duchess revealed that when her children were growing up, the whole family would eat filling dinners such as tarragon chicken, scrambled eggs, bacon, and chicken casserole. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Today, Nataly added: “I think she also fills her diet with fresh produce, including fruits and vegetables.” The expert went on to claim that Camilla and her husband, Prince Charles, likely eat organic products, especially as they grow their own edibles in their garden at Clarence House. Charles even set up his own organic food company, Duchy Organics, back in 1990. As for exercise, the expert said the Duchess “stays active” by walking. DON'T MISS: Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] “Daily walking and stretching are vital for enhancing your suppleness as you grow older,” she explained. Camilla also stopped smoking a few years ago and started to adopt healthier habits. As well as walking, the Duchess enjoys home workouts, according to personal trainer and founder of LDN Mums Fitness Sarah Campus. “Camilla particularly enjoys yoga and Pilates to keep her core strong and body supple and to help avoid back pain,” she told Express.co.uk. “She incorporates deep breathing into her exercises to help her unwind and relax. “Camilla is also a big fan of the outdoors, so thrives on walking with her dogs around her estate, and spending time in the hills. “The fresh air and outdoors particularly contribute to improved sleep quality, overall wellbeing and boosting the endorphins.” Walking is a great workout which is both easy and accessible. According to Healthline, walking even just an hour a day may aid weight loss and provide great health benefits. The experts at Healthline added that walking a mile can burn approximately 100 calories, depending on a person’s sex and weight. One study measured the number of calories people of average fitness level burned after walking at a brisk pace of 3.2 miles per hour or running at a pace of six mph for about a mile. Results showed that those who walked at a brisk pace burned an average of 90 calories per mile. Additionally, the Duchess has dogs and horses, which can be great companions for exercise.