Nick Kyrgios is 'happy' to be giving the fans what they want to see after setting up a Canadian Open second-round clash with world No 1 Daniil Medvedev. The Aussie has continued, arguably, the form of his career into this year's North American hard-court swing to set up a mouth-watering fourth meeting between the two. Kyrgios has won 13 of his last 14 singles matches, with his defeat to Novak Djokovic in last month's Wimbledon final - his first Grand Slam final - the exception. Last week, he became the first male in history to win the singles and doubles titles in the same year at the Citi Open in Washington. After Kyrgios cruised past Argentine Sebastian Baez in straight sets on Tuesday, Medvedev now awaits in an Australian Open rematch, in which the Russian prevailed. The in-form 27-year-old is entering the tough test with no pressure but hopes Medvedev is also feeling the effects of back-to-back tournaments. He said: "I'm happy that I'm giving everyone what they want: Kyrgios vs Medvedev, second round. It's going to be hard, that's for sure. I know physically and mentally I'm not as fresh as I would like. But he also came off a title last week in Los Cabos. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios says playing Medvedev 'sucks' ahead of Montreal clash  "He's going to be feeling a little bit tired, too — I hope. But I'm going to do everything right. I'm going to get a good rest tonight, good physio, and I'm just going to give it my best shot. I'm going to go out there and have fun and try and play the best I can. It's not a bad result if you lose to Medvedev. Most of the world does." Medvedev entered his favoured period in the season by winning the Los Cabos Open in Mexico - his first tournament after being banned from competing at Wimbledon due to his nationality amid the Ukraine invasion. He now starts his Canadian Open campaign against Kyrgios, who boasts two wins over his one in the head-to-head. READ MORE: Medvedev, Djokovic, Nadal warned of Kyrgios threat at US Open  The reigning US Open champion is preparing for the defence of his first Grand Slam and has an impressive history throughout this stretch of the season. In 2019, Medvedev reached consecutive finals in Washington, Montreal, Cincinnati, Flushing Meadows, St. Petersburg and Shanghai. And he'll be well on his way to achieving more Canadian Open success this year if he can navigate past Kyrgios. But the 37th-ranked star seems to be in a positive mindset going into the meeting and promises to contribute to an entertaining showcase.