I refuse to try to reason with these people like they are decent human beings – because they are not. They are yobs, louts, savages. And you cannot reason with them. Anyway, they do not deserve reason or good manners because they do not show good manners to the rest of us – the people who invariably have to clear up the crap they have left behind. So my method is always to attack first. Not physically. But verbally. I rail at them like some demented old woman which either results in me getting a load of verbal – or they pick the litter up. The Husband tells me I should not do it when I am on my own because, these days, some lunatic is likely to thump me. But I literally cannot help myself. My mouth takes on a life of its own and those of you who have seen me on TV will know that can happen. All sense and caution goes out of the window when I see some spotty moron throwing his Maccy D carton onto the road - or as I caught one doing last week – into my front garden. I shouted at him, I swore and I picked up his filthy carton and hurled it at him. He did not pick it up but he did scuttle off looking more than a bit afraid. What IS wrong with people? We live in one of the most beautiful countries on the planet yet people seem happy to trash it with discarded food, paper, cans, plastic – anything - all because they are too damn lazy to take it to the nearest bin. If you have had a picnic on the beach, in the park or even on a grass verge in a city centre how hard is it to gather up your rubbish and take it to the nearest bin? Because there are lots of them. I watched some young people do it on a beach last week. I was walking the dog and as they got up to leave they were going to leave all their trash scattered on the sand. When I saw them about to walk away I shouted: “Hoi, I think you’ve left something.” They looked at me like I had just landed from another planet. It clearly had not occurred to them they were doing anything wrong. ”Pick up your bloody rubbish, “ I screamed and started to take photos of them. That did it. Maybe the idea they might appear on social media being screamed at by batty old me – well it would not have been good for their street cred. So they picked it up. But you have to ask yourselves - what kind of homes do these young people come from? Do they throw their rubbish on the floor at home too? Do they not have parents who tell them littering is wrong? I do not know if any of you saw the photos after Glastonbury this year. The five-day festival at Worthy Farm in Somerset attracted 210,000 revellers who left 2,000 tons of rubbish behind them. Yes, that is right - 2,000 stinking tons!!! These hypocrites left thousands of tents, cans, blow-up mattresses, cartons, food, and camping chairs. They even left tent pegs which farmers had specifically asked them not to because the cows eat them and die. I say hypocrites because these are the same people who on the Saturday night clapped and cheered Greta Thunberg who told them: "Do not let them drag us another inch closer to the edge. Right now is where we stand our ground." HAH! What kind of moron cheers Thunberg and then leaves their trash to be cleared up by volunteers? It took 2,500 of these unpaid angels to clear up this year and they did it in the pouring rain which made it that much harder and that much more revolting to do. But they did it anyway because THOSE are the people who actually care about the planet - not those hypocrite party-goers who refuse to practice what they preach. And I am sorry what kind of ingrate dumps a mattress or a sideboard on a street corner? Who drives to the country and throws their old sofa into a field? Research shows that littering affects people’s well-being and safety. It also makes the streets feel dirty and abandoned and it makes the people who use those streets feel the same way. And while most people in the UK say they hate litter louts a survey of more than 3,000 people said that 94 percent of us are too nervous to confront the yobs doing it. This is why it never gets any better. In future, we should all take photos of them – and shame them on public media. Maybe they do not have the capacity to feel shame but at least it will get them stick from those who do. Which is absolutely what they deserve. And why are litter louts not getting more fines? We have CCTV cameras on every street corner so why are the litterers not being hit harder because that is the only language they will understand. A few years ago The Husband and I were walking on a deserted beach in Dorset. It was early evening and during the day it had been packed with families. There was one solitary lady there picking up all the litter that had been left – and there was a lot. I asked her if she was paid to do that. She said she was not but she did it every day because she could not bear to see such a beautiful beach despoiled by rubbish. And that is what these louts depend on – the rest of us picking up after them. Well if they behave like naughty kids – we should treat them as such The next time you see someone littering - give them both barrels. Then take photos and post them so the local council sees them. Make these people feel stupid and small – because they are!