Frequent headaches undermine quality of life. The pain can impair your ability to perform even basic tasks. If you find painkillers are not doing their proper job, try laying on your right hand side after taking them. That's the advice from TV's Doctor Hilary. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, he cited the science behind this approach. "Scientists have taken models of the anatomy of the stomach," he explained. They reckon if you want to get rid of your headache quickly - and you are going to take a pill for it - lay on your right hand side, he said. Why? "The lower part of your stomach - where much of the absorption takes place quickly - is preferentially affected by the tablet you're taking." By doing this, "absorption is quicker", said the TV doc. There's also "more churning movement", he said, which should ultimately result in "quicker relief of the headache". According to Doctor Hilary, this would apply to any medicine unless it's "slow release". He estimated the pain relief should kick in within five or 10 minutes, although it may vary from person to person. DON'T MISSCancer: The 'sudden' sign to spot in the morning [ADVICE]'Mild' Covid infection can increase risk of major killer [INSIGHT]The golden drink lowering cholesterol and blood sugar [TIPS] There are other simple hacks that can help ease your headache and they do not cost a single penny. According to the NHS, drinking plenty of water and getting plenty of rest are tried-and-tested ways to ease your headache. You should also "try to stay at home and avoid contact with other people if you have a high temperature or you do not feel well enough to do your normal activities", the health body advises. It also says to avoid certain activities that can exacerbate the problem. READ MORE: Why you have a headache when you wake up - five causes and five cures Don’t: Certain foods and drinks can also trigger headaches in some people so they may need to be avoided. According to charity Drinkaware, drinking alcohol also relaxes your blood vessels, leading to increased blood flow to the brain. "This can also cause headaches, including migraines if you're susceptible to them." Your turkey and cheese sandwich and small bar of dark chocolate might be a tasty lunch, but beware of the headache that could follow it. The NHS explains: "All these foods contain chemicals that can bring on a migraine." According to the health body, other culprits include aged cheeses such as stilton and brie, diet fizzy drinks, and processed meats and fish. "If you're concerned about avoiding any food-related trigger factor, see your GP or practice nurse or ask to be referred to a dietitian for specialist advice." Your turkey and cheese sandwich and small bar of dark chocolate might be a tasty lunch, but beware of the headache that could follow it. The NHS explains: "All these foods contain chemicals that can bring on a migraine." According to the health body, other culprits include aged cheeses such as stilton and brie, diet fizzy drinks, and processed meats and fish. "If you're concerned about avoiding any food-related trigger factor, see your GP or practice nurse or ask to be referred to a dietitian for specialist advice."