A spokesperson for Herts Police said just before 2pm today: "Following reports of a 14 year old boy getting into difficulty in North Met Lake, off Cadmore Lane, Cheshunt yesterday (Monday 8 August), emergency services have sadly recovered a body. Police were contacted just before 5pm to report the teenager had not re-surfaced having been in the water. "Officers, the Fire and Rescue Service and the East of England Ambulance Service immediately attended the lake. "Emergency Services carried out searches of the area, including the use of the police helicopter and specialist police divers. "At just before 11pm last night a body was recovered. "Formal identification is yet to take place, however the boy’s next of kin have been informed."  The teen was reported missing yesterday evening, with emergency services swiftly attending the scene. Firefighters and paramedics were alerted to reports that the boy had not resurfaced after getting into difficulty in the water. Police divers and a helicopter also attended to help with the search. But despite their best efforts, a body was sadly found at around 11pm last night. READ MORE: Thames Water hosepipe ban: Major UK supplier confirms temporary ban Formal identification is yet to take place, but the boy's family have been informed. It is currently unclear how the 14-year-old got into difficulty in the water. The news comes as hundreds flock to lakes and beaches as temperatures are set to soar. The Met Office issued a health warning which is in place from today until Saturday. DON'T MISS:Bowel cancer: The symptom that's 'worse at night' - cure 'unlikely' [INSIGHT]How to live longer: Golden drink lowering cholesterol and blood sugar [COMMENT]Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may notice in the morning [ANALYSIS] Temperatures could reach 36C in some areas as a second heatwave strikes the UK. It follows a number of hosepipe bans that have been issued following the extreme heat last month. July saw record breaking temperatures as some areas hit 40.3C.