Two guests on the Antiques Roadshow asked for a small model of a stag to be valued and were speechless at the huge profit they made. The couple looked in awe when they were told they were in line to make at least 500 times more than the purchase they made 20 years ago. In the grand venue of Ulster Folk Museum, William Farmer cast his eye over an impressive 19th-century stag. A couple from Northern Ireland brought the item along to make a small profit but ended up speechless at the figures given to them. They explained to expert William how they originally bought the model 20 years ago as they simply liked the look and thought it was a great bargain. The item proved to be a bargain back then and even more so in today's market. Read More: Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview  Looking over the golden stag, sculptured to be peacefully lying down, William explained the history of the model. He explained: "Well, what we've got is an Austrian cold painted bronze figure. In around 1900 in Vienna and throughout Austria there were about 50 different manufacturers. "But of course, there's one name that always seems to ripple to the surface and that's Bergman. "Looking at the quality of him, I think we're pretty much safe to say that this is a Bergman, he's so beautifully modelled." William allowed himself to pause and the two guests eagerly anticipated the valuation. He prompted the guests, by asking, "£1?" to which the guest agreed and then William asked if they were expecting a small profit. The anticipation was rising and the guest replied: "I hope so," seeing as this is what he paid for it. The antiques expert then took his time before saying: "Well I know so, because your £1 purchase today, you're looking more like £500 to £600." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest makes history with valuation of funeral effigy [ARTICLE]Bargain Hunt’s Natasha Raskin Sharp stumps locals with mystery antique [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert unveils staggering value of silverware [ARTICLE] Both of the guests on the BBC show gasped and looked at each other as they couldn't believe their luck. The couple allowed themselves to shout "wow" but were so overjoyed with the news that they couldn't speak. William was impressed with the bronze sculpture and gave insight into why it may be worth so much at auction. He said: "The peace of this setting... he looks really at ease, this wonderful model of a stag just lying there." The expert added: "I see he's got a little bit of a bend there on one of the antlers. "Maybe he's, you know, been in a bit of a battle. But the fact that he's intact and all there is a really sensitive study of this recumbent stag, I think it is so lovely." Franz Xavier Bergman was born in 1861 and is the most famous of the Viennese 'cold painted bronze' artists. Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on the BBC iPlayer