John Sweeney was invited onto Good Morning Britain on Wednesday to provide an on-the-ground update from Kyiv on the current state of the conflict which in recent weeks has seen Russian forces trapped in a brutal stalemate. Mr Sweeney made a point of noting that Vladimir Putin "doesn't look good", as he discusses the Russian leader's health in the midst of the military setbacks for the Kremlin. Mr Sweeney told GMB:"There's also pressures on Vladimir Putin he is weather than we think he is. "He still hasn't called this a war. He's still not calling for universal conscription because I believe that he's afraid the mums and dads in Moscow saying we don't want our sons to go to your stupid war. "And the Chinese are worried their economy's in trouble because of the great drought in China and one of the tributaries to the Yangtzehas dried up, and they want the Americans and the Europeans and the British to keep on buying their stuff, and if there is some kind of recession in Europe and in Britain, then that will hurt the Chinese economy. "So the Chinese, their interest their strategic interest is different to Putin's.  He added: "In all of this, the big player is Vladimir Putin and you know what's going on inside his mind at the moment? "He was on telly the other day he didn't know well, his face was bloated. This is him from a month ago. "This is very happy and clappy, here he is with the ayatollahs etc. But he doesn't look like the guy who used to go topless on his horse. "Not so well. I think."  A top ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Friday that Moscow would not stop its military campaign in Ukraine even if Kyiv formally renounced its aspirations to join NATO. Former President Dmitry Medvedev, now deputy chairman of Russia's Security Council, also said in a French television interview that Russia was prepared to hold talks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky subject to certain conditions. Even before the February invasion, Moscow made clear Ukrainian membership of NATO was unacceptable to it. "Renouncing its participation in the North Atlantic alliance is now vital, but it is already insufficient in order to establish peace," Medvedev told LCI television in quotes reported by Russian news agencies. DON'T MISSEU sent horror warning as 10 ‘terrible’ winters loom [SPOTLIGHT]Scholz blows top at EU and demands urgent reform [NEWS]Russia launches attack on MI6 as Brexit secrets leaked [REVEAL] Russia, he said, would continue the campaign until its goals had been achieved. Putin says he wants to "denazify" Ukraine. Kyiv and the West say this is a baseless pretext for a war of conquest. Russia and Ukraine held several rounds of talks after the invasion began, but they made no progress and there are few prospects for a resumption. "This (talks) will depend on how events unfold. We were ready before to meet (Zelensky)," Medvedev said.