Dishwashers are designed to clean cutlery and utensils effortlessly, but the appliance itself still need to be cleaned periodically. If a dishwasher is not cleaned regularly, food can accumulate and become stuck on plates and cups. Not to mention, old food debris can gather in the filter which means the dishwasher works less efficiently. Cleaning experts at The Home Depot have shared their simple household hack for cleaning dishwashers. Firstly, the experts suggest filling a sink halfway with warm water and adding around two cups of vinegar. Next, remove the utensil holder and racks and place them in the sink. The vinegar solution should “loosen any stuck-on food” while cleaning the utensil holder and racks. READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals' They continued: “Inspect the spinning arms and check that the holes aren't blocked by caked on food. This will restrict the water flow. “Any blockages can be cleared using a toothpick. Using the vinegar solution, wipe down the interior of the dishwasher with a sponge or rag. “Then, move on to the edges of the doors along with the gaskets. If possible, peel back the gasket to get at any food that has collected.” Next, it’s time to remove and soak the filter which is usually located on the bottom of the dishwasher. DON'T MISS'Worst thing you can do': How to avoid ruining garden in hosepipe ban [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer student buyers increase house value by £44k [ANALYSIS] Some dishwashers may require tools to access the filter but most will simply slot apart. Once the parts have soaked for 20 to 30 minutes, rinse them and place them back into the dishwasher. To give the dishwasher a final clean, place a cup of white vinegar in the empty dishwasher and set the dishwasher on its highest temperature setting. Run the machine on a full cycle to oust any odours and remove any leftover grime. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If the dishwasher is stainless steel, clean the exterior with a specially-formulated stainless steel cleaner. The expert added: “Periodically deep cleaning and deodorising your dishwasher will keep it performing at its best and ensure your dishes and eating utensils stay clean and sanitary.” Some people suggest cleaning dishwashers with another natural ingredient - bicarbonate of soda. Baking soda can be poured into the bottom of the dishwasher on another cycle after the white vinegar cycle.  Homeowners should never use bleach to clean a dishwasher with stainless steel parts. Some experts recommend cleaning dishwashers once a month to keep it running smoothly. Others suggest cleaning it every three months to keep it clean and efficient. Some dishwashers have a self-cleaning cycle like ovens. Check your manufacturers’ instructions to see if it has a cleaning cycle.