Homes Under the Hammer took a trip to the Dudley suburb of Lower Gornal in a recent episode, where Dion Dublin visited a semi-detached property which hadn’t been decorated since the 80s. The sizeable property had the potential to be a spacious family home with the right buyer, as long as they were willing to take on a “significant crack” inside the house. With “loads of potential” to completely transform the property, the winning bidder, Laura, had her work cut out for her. The property Dion visited was a three-bedroom semi-detached house on the corner of a long road of almost identical buildings. While the property was in a decent condition from the outside, Dion pointed out that it seemed to be the only one which had the pebble-dash effect, which was “very popular in the 80s”. It came with a guide price of £88,000 to £93,000 and had plenty to offer in terms of space and a few unique features left by previous owners. However, inside the house, Dion noticed a “decent sized crack” on an internal wall. He said: “It seems to travel all the way and keeps going all the way down…it needs some more investigating.” READ MORE: ‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants A double use WC could be seen tucked under the stairs, with an okay-sized bright orange kitchen nearby on the ground floor. Though the two reception rooms downstairs needed attention, the unique 80s decor was nostalgic for Dion when he spotted an electric log fire in the main living space. An odd conservatory or “lean-to” at the back of the property had potential to be changed or removed entirely to create a better space leading into the garden. Upstairs, a single bedroom and two double bedrooms could be found with an enormous water tank in between. Martin Roberts suggested the buyer should immediately replace with a new gas heating system, though other ailments like the double glazing were in good condition. At auction, buyer Laura purchased the property for “well-under the guide price” at just £85,000. She had previously developed properties in her spare time, and had planned to take this project on herself, alongside being a full-time parent to her two young children. Laura set herself a budget of £15,000 and would use her local contacts, personal experience and own elbow grease to transform the property in just three months. The experienced retail manager planned to add a driveway to solve the issue of no off-road parking, and knock the kitchen through to create an open plan diner space. DON'T MISS:Woman forced to live with 'horrendous raw sewage stench' at house [INSIGHT]Couple boosts value of property by £32,000 with clever renovation [REVEAL]Homes Under the Hammer buyers revive period home for under £7k [ANALYSIS]  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Upon his return to the three-bedroom West-Midlands property, Dion was welcomed by Laura to find that it had been transformed into a modernised family home. While the three month time frame had been held up, the transformation one year on from the auction purchase was remarkable. The busy mum had created a sleek open-plan kitchen-diner with brand new PVC doors. Martin Roberts described the transformed house as “fabulous”, with everything from a spruced up bathroom to the thorough redecoration contributing to the high-quality finish. Plain white walls and doors can be seen throughout with a mixture of grey carpet and wooden flooring used in different rooms. Outside, a generous double driveway had been created on the “odd junction”, with enough space for two parked cars. Laura explained that the wall with the crack had been repaired, with the structural changes to the kitchen helping to open the space up into “a nice family area”, which would “help to sell the property”. She added the main problem with the delay in renovating the property was that “it took longer to get the keys than to actually do the work”, though the refurbishment itself only actually took one month longer than the three-month goal. The project was over-budget by £5,000 in order to re-do the garden, bringing it to a total of £25,000. In April 2020, a local property expert was invited to look at the finished property. He said that the West-Midlands house could be marketed with an asking price of £155,000. Having spent almost £110,000 on the purchase and refurbishment, this would give Laura a profit of £45,000 before taxes and fees.