Marko Arnautovic's brother and agent, Danijel, has spoken out on reports that Manchester United had an opening bid rejected for the Austrian striker. His comments suggest that there could be life in the deal despite falling short the first time around, with Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag surveying the transfer market for attacking reinforcements. Ten Hag's reign as manager got off to a concerning start on Sunday as Brighton notched their first ever win at Old Trafford. A quickfire double from Pascal Gross stunned the home crowd into silence before the interval and an Alexis Mac Allister own goal failed to inspire a United comeback after the break. The former Ajax manager was brought in to put the Red Devils back on the straight and narrow after spluttering to a sixth-place finish last term. But with lingering issues on the pitch and a handful of transfer dilemmas off it, his tenure is already off to a difficult start. This week, reports in Italy stated that United have launched a bid for 33-year-old Bologna striker Arnautovic, only to see their £7.6million approach turned down. Afterwards, his brother suggested that the saga may not be over just yet. JUST IN: Chelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comeback "It's true that there’s a bid from a well-known club," he told Kurier Sport. "I’m in contact with Bologna to see if that can be realised." It remains to be seen whether United are willing to increase their offer for the striker, who bagged 14 league goals in his debut season for Bologna last time out. Premier League fans may not have expected to see him again after four years at Stoke City and two years at West Ham came to an end in 2019. His hit-and-miss performances would make him a tricky one for fans to assess, but the 102-cap Austrian international has found a prolific goal-scoring touch over the past few years. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with Barcelona after £72m Man Utd agreementChelsea prepared to test Leicester resolve with second Wesley Fofana transfer bid Ten Hag and Arnautovic have already worked together at FC Twente and he is believed to be among a host of attacking targets that the Red Devils are eyeing up with the summer window now into its final month. Express Sport understands that Stuttgart forward Sasa Kalajdzic is under consideration alongside Red Bull Salzburg youngster Benjamin Sesko. United have effectively been forced to ramp up their interest in proven goal-scorers due to Cristiano Ronaldo's desire to leave Old Trafford. He is yet to find a new club after asking to move on last month and Ten Hag has insisted that the club have no plans to part with the veteran forward, who has one year remaining on his contract.  Ten Hag raised eyebrows on Sunday by starting new signing Christian Eriksen in an advanced role and leaving Ronaldo on the bench. With quality chances hard to come by, the boss admitted after the final whistle that he made the wrong call. "It is clear to see [that in] the second half we were better in midfield with Eriksen down and Ronaldo up," he said. "We created and Rashford had two good chances, it is a shame we did not score."