Parts of Britain are set to experience more hot weather over the weekend with temperatures which could "feel like" the high twenties - topping out at 29 degrees, according to a forecast by netweather.tv. However, the sunny spells aren't likely to last and the Met Office has warned that much of the country could experience rain beginning at the weekend. Temperatures over the weekend will likely be in the mid-twenties, but due to the Sun and humidity, it will feel warmer. Netweather.tv predicts temperatures as high as 25C on Sunday, September 9 which will feel like 29C in the Southeast. However, over the weekend and into next week, the Met Office has predicted that the weather will become more unsettled with a risk of heavy rain and thunderstorms. The Met Office said: "A change to much more unsettled weather is then likely over the weekend and further into the period, with rain and showers spreading from the west to eventually cover most regions.  "Some of these spells of rain could be heavy and prolonged, with a risk of thunder. Any drier and brighter spells most likely to be in the south and east." The Met Office added that temperatures will likely continue to be above average into late September. For now, the weather for the beginning of this week is likely to remain "warm and fine" but cooler and cloudier in the northeast. The Met Office also warned bank holiday beachgoers that it would be "quite windy" along the south coast with gusts of 30mph. READ MORE: Rejoiner Grieve caught giggling as Ann Widdecombe corrects him  Writing for netweather.tv, Jo Farrow said the forecast for the weekend showed "uncertainty". Parts of the country may see "significant" rain before the weekend, as early as Thursday night in Northern Ireland. Although next week's heavy rain will bring relief for gardeners in much of the country who are under strict hosepipe bans, the last rains after the particularly dry period caused widespread flooding in some areas. Ms Farrow said: "Within these different solutions, there will be thundery downpours, the risk of flooding [in] some areas of the UK that see very little rain. If you have an event next weekend or outdoor plans don’t linger on weather app symbols that might show heavy rain in an unwanted time slot. "There is a lot of uncertainty around how the incoming low pressures will behave and where the rain will affect, especially with the more showery solutions." DON'T MISS:Royal Navy pulls rug from under Putin in Black Sea with undersea drone [INSIGHT]Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE]Russia heading towards 'terrible end' and 'revolution' [ANALYSIS]  Bans in Yorkshire, parts of Kent, London, parts of Wales and the south-west of England mean that residents there can no longer use a hosepipe to water gardens or wash cars. However, the rainy forecast may not lead to bans being lifted any time soon. Even with the recent rain breaking an extraordinary dry spell, experts have warned that the drought is not over. Met Office data has shown that the country needs above-average rainfall to replenish rivers and reservoirs which are running dangerously low. 