The prospect of Chris Eubank being in his son's corner for his huge clash with Connor Benn is likely to leave boxing fans licking their lips given his previous antics. Eubank Jr and Benn will meet at the O2 Arena on October 8, a full 29 years after their fathers went head-to-head in a dramatic draw at Old Trafford. And given the history attached to their bout, Eubank Jr, 32, has voiced his intention to have his dad - who held world titles at middleweight and super-middleweight levels - in his corner. However, that notion currently appears remote with the Sussex-born star admitting the pair have not spoken since the fight was confirmed. “With this type of fight I would actually like my old man to be in the corner with me," he told talkSPORT. “Just because of what this all means to us. But I don’t know if he wants to be in the corner, that’s the question. “Since the fight’s been announced I haven’t actually heard from him, which is amazing to say. I’m waiting for that phone call, I’m waiting for him to walk through the door and say, ‘Okay son, let’s do this.’ It’s interesting, but we’ll get there eventually and we’ll figure it out.” JUST IN: Tyson Fury flies to Iceland with dad to fight Thor Bjornsson before plan goes pear-shaped Back in 2014, the man who dubbed himself 'Simply the best' was alongside his son for his win over Stepan Horvath in Newcastle. And he left BOX NATION commentators in hysterics during one break between rounds, opting to stand back and stare at him whilst saying nothing. "For once, a man of few words," said one correspondent. "Never expect the expected. He's just standing there looking at his son, try and get your head around that," whilst his co-commentator chuckled away, live on air. DON'T MISS:Oleksandr Usyk 'uncertainty' vs Anthony Joshua addressed by WBA in lengthy statementOleksandr Usyk '15 kilos heavier' for Anthony Joshua rematch as Amir Khan fears for BritGeorge Groves perplexed by Conor Benn for three reasons ahead of Chris Eubank Jr fight Similar antics in October would undoubtedly raise eyebrows, but regardless, the bout has been given the green light amongst fears a fight may not be workable given Benn [21-0] fights at welterweight while Eubank Jr [32-2] is at home as a middleweight. But a middle-ground limit of 157 pounds has been put in place, three pounds off the middleweight maximum, with fines in place if either fighter misses weight. The deal has prompted fears that both fighters have put their careers in jeopardy for the sake of settling old scores. Benn, 25, has confirmed dad Nigel is helping with his pre-fight camp.