Helen Skelton, 39, reportedly joined the line-up for the upcoming series of Strictly Come Dancing after her ex-husband Richie Myler, 32, “went Instagram official” with his new girlfriend, Stephanie Thirkill. The rugby player shared a series of loved up snaps with his new partner last month as they enjoyed a day out at Wimbledon and a getaway in Cornwall. Helen is now set to take part in Strictly Come Dancing, with eagle-eyed fans pointing out that Helen has already followed professional dancer Neil Jones on Instagram. In turn, Neil has also started following the Countryfile presenter. Helen announced she was parting ways with Richie back in April, just four months after their third child was born. One source explained how participating in the dance contest could change Helen’s confidence following her separation. The insider said: “The breakdown of any marriage is tough to cope with, and Helen has understandably found it difficult. “Being on Strictly will ­undoubtedly restore her confidence,” they added to The Mirror. Helen shared the news of her and Richie’s split in an Instagram post back in April, in which she explained they would continue to co-parent. Posting text over a black background, Helen wrote: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple.” The presenter continued: “He has left the family home. "We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." She concluded the message with two broken heart emojis. Earlier this month, Helen was revealed as the 15th and final contestant on this year’s Strictly. DON'T MISS... Brooklyn Beckham admits he wants ten kids with wife Nicola Peltz [LATEST]Madonna begs for 64th ‘birthday presents’ in lace bra and hotpants [PICTURES]Rod Stewart wins pothole war as council ‘fix road’ impeding Ferrari [UPDATES]  The announcement sent fans into a frenzy, with some expressing their excitement as they discussed the news on social media. Speaking about joining the show, Helen said: “I’m really excited to get stuck into a fun adventure. "My family and friends have always loved the show and can’t wait for me to get started.” Taking to Twitter, fans of the TV star shared their theories around Helen’s upcoming stint on the hit BBC show. Lizzi Shaw said: "Brilliant line up this year. Good luck Helen!" "I'm so happy," Laura replied as Luke quipped: "Would never have guessed it." Mike P added: "Awesome Helen, the challenge is on eh." (sic) "Potential winner right there. Helen Skelton is fearless," Sean chimed in.