Manchester United owners the Glazers watched their empire crumble on Sunday against Brighton, according to talkSPORT pundit Alex Crook. Avram Glazer was present for the match at Old Trafford and witnessed Erik ten Hag lose his first match in the dugout. Now, it seems like yet another rocky season lies ahead. Manchester United went into their match with Brighton full of optimism after a good pre-season under Ten Hag. Yet it ended up being a horrendous afternoon for the Red Devils, who lost 2-1 with Pascal Gross scoring a memorable double for the away side. And Crook believes the Glazers witnessed their empire crumble during the match, with United outplayed by Graham Potter’s side on the day. “The Glazers were there [against Brighton], they’re watching their empire crumble before their eyes and unless they spend significant money, Manchester United have got no chance of finishing in the top four,” he said. “Erik ten Hag, who is a good coach, has no chance of being a success. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “For me, it’s not on Ten Hag, it’s not on Ronaldo, it’s not even on Fred and McTominay – it’s not Fred’s fault he’s rubbish – it’s on the owners.” Crook also called out Ten Hag, too, admitting the United boss got the decision to leave Cristiano Ronaldo on the bench all wrong. “Do we blame the manager? I think his team selection was a bit odd,” he said. “I understand that he was trying to make a bit of a statement with Cristiano Ronaldo, somebody who clearly hasn’t been behaving like someone who wants to stay at the football club, and so he’s left him on the bench and brought him on. “Christian Eriksen as a false number nine, I thought he was brilliant but that’s not his best position. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join “I think that Rashford should have probably played down the middle if he wanted to go down that route. “Scott McTominay and Fred in midfield, I didn’t understand that as Donny van de Beek has played every pre-season friendly and so I expected him to start, so that worried me. “There’s a bit of responsibility on Ten Hag. He waited until five minutes into the second-half to bring on Ronaldo; why not do it at half-time? “He made a triple alteration at the start of stoppage-time that checkered any momentum that Manchester United had and allowed Brighton to manage the game. “Is Ronaldo to blame for his histrionics? I don’t think he’s helped the situation, and I don’t think it’s helped the recruitment drive. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Ultimately, if you look at the managers who have come in since Sir Alex retired, the main reason why no one has really been able to turn around Man United’s fortunes is because of the ownership. “You look at the race for the top six this season: Tottenham have backed their manager, Arsenal have spent big again, Chelsea are trying to spend big, Man City have Erling Haaland who is off the mark already, Liverpool have Darwin Nunez who came in for big money – the only club who haven’t really backed their manager are Manchester United. “Until that happens and until there are three or four new signings coming through the door, Ten Hag is basically at a loss. He’s asked to polish rough diamonds. “You’re not going to get a tune out of Fred and McTominay in central midfield; that is not a partnership that can possibly finish in the top four. “They don’t really have alternatives to Ronaldo up front. Martial was injured today, Rashford is still devoid of confidence and Jadon Sancho didn’t get involved in the game at all, that’s an £80million player. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “They need more bodies in the building. They need De Jong. Go and get him! Stop messing around with Barcelona. If they want another £17million to pay his deferred wages, you might have to bite the bullet because already on weekend one, Manchester United are falling behind.” United could now take transfer action in the wake of the defeat to Brighton. And three players are on their radar. In midfield, United are still keen on Frenkie de Jong - while Adrien Rabiot is another player in their sights. And, up top, Marko Arnautovic has emerged as a target as Ten Hag seeks more firepower. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here