Erik ten Hag and the Manchester United hierarchy disagree on making a move for Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech. The Dutchman would like to be reunited with the former Ajax man as he believes the Moroccan could be a good alternative to Antony. However, prominent members of the United board are less convinced. Ziyech has largely failed to impress during his time in west London after joining from the Eredivisie in a £34million deal in 2020. The creative midfielder has scored just 14 goals and contributed a further 10 assists during his two-year stint at the club and Thomas Tuchel is said to be prepared to move him on. The 29-year-old enjoyed the best period of his career under Ten Hag at Ajax, becoming one of the Dutch side’s key men as they made a surprise run to the Champions League semi-finals in 2019. Now, the Manchester Evening News reports that the new United gaffer would like to be reunited with his former star. The 52-year-old believes Ziyech could be an alternative to top attacking target Antony, with the Red Devils making little progress in their negotiations with Ajax. Ten Hag is desperate to add a left-footed player to his attack in order to open up better passing angles going forward. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative However, his pursuit may bring him into direct tension with the Red Devils’ hierarchy for the first time. The United board have looked to support the Dutchman throughout the transfer window, especially as he targeted players he was already familiar with. But they see Ziyech as an ‘exception’ to this approach. He is contracted to Chelsea until 2025 and would hence come with a significant transfer fee. The Blues are also likely to be reluctant to sell the player to a Premier League rival, especially when the Moroccan is also attracting interest from AC Milan. United have had little success in the transfer market in recent weeks. Their move for Frenkie de Jong continues to stall with the player keen to stay at Barcelona. The 20-time English champions also failed in attempts to sign Marko Arnautovic and Timo Werner. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join One player that does look more likely to join is Adrien Rabiot. United have had a bid of around £15milion accepted by the Frenchman’s current club Juventus and they are currently locked in negotiations with the player’s agent, his mother Veronique. It remains to be seen if Ten Hag will make any progress in his pursuit of Ziyech, but he will not be happy to have clashed with the club’s hierarchy so early in his United tenure. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.