Olivia Newton-John has died at the age of 73 following a lengthy battle with cancer. Tributes have poured in from across the globe, including from Grease co-star John Travolta and numerous famous faces who’ve been inspired by and held close bonds with the late singer and actor. Jane Seymour was a close pal of Olivia’s and joined Good Morning Britain’s Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins to discuss her legacy - although ITV viewers weren’t impressed with Richard’s line of questioning. After Jane recalled her final time meeting Olivia, in which she claimed she looked very ill and frail, Richard turned his attention to his own career. The former This Morning star said he’d always “regretted” not having the chance to interview her. However, he went on to discuss the iconic poster from the ‘70s of Olivia donning a denim jacket, claiming it used to “stop traffic” as people would gawk at the actor’s beauty. "I wish I’d met her, I wish I’d interviewed her - it never happened," Richard weighed in during the chat with Jane. READ MORE: Countryfile slammed by viewers over format shake-up 'Woke nonsense' He continued: "I always regretted it actually as the years went by. "But that publicity picture, I don’t know if you can see it on your end, let’s see that again, the one with the denim shirt… "There’s a picture we’re showing of her here, it was a very famous poster of her in the 1970s. "She’s just looking at the camera, she’s backlit by sunshine, her hair’s down, she’s wearing a denim shirt...  "And I was saying earlier in the programme that that poster was on the wall of a radio station I used to work in back in the 1970s and, I’m not exaggerating, it basically stopped traffic in the corridors. "It was up there for months and even after months, the guys would just stop and look at it. "And (they) just get lost in her beauty and I would have loved to have told her that." Jane then weighed in to discuss Olivia’s modesty when it came to her looks but several watching at home took issue with the wording of Richard’s probe. DON'T MISS:Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael on 'gift' of 'life-changing' roleNicola Walker addresses Unforgotten exit after Cassie Stuart deathRichard Madeley speaks out on joining Strictly Come Dancing Twitter user James Dawson fumed: “#GMB oh Richard stop talking pish lol she would stop traffic.” And @IanMcGillivra17 agreed: “Richard Madeley asking some daft questions about ONJ, no wonder she never gave him an interview #GMB.” While @Gargrave65 agreed: “@gmb why can’t you see that Richard Madeley is so embarrassing especially watching his interview of Jane Seymour he’s got to be the most ridiculously insensitive presenter ever - he talks such utter drivel! Over to BBC now!” “Madeley being creepy again #GMB,” @EllaK189 fumed while Clive Woodbridge claimed: “The very last person you want on #GMB when anybody dies is Richard Madeley - or any other time to be fair.”  However, there was some support for the GMB host, with Roy Martino chipping in: “Well done Richard that was a great interview with Jayne Seymour #GMB.” (sic) Elsewhere on GMB, entertainment correspondent Ross King also shared his memories of the star. Having worked closely with her over the years, Ross said Olivia was "everything you wanted her to be" and described her as one of the nicest people. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.