Following Disney’s acquisition of Fox and its Marvel rights, the MCU is now gearing up to introduce the X-Men, Deadpool and Fantastic Four. The final episode of Ms Marvel revealed that Kamala Khan is in fact a mutant as the X-Men animated series’ music played and now Wolverine has been subtly acknowledged as existing in the franchise. In She-Hulk episode 2, Jennifer Walters is searching the internet for a new job when eagle-eyed fans spotted some “related articles” on her browser. One of them references the end of Eternals with “Why there is a giant statue of a man sticking out of the ocean”. However, much more intriguingly is the obvious Wolverine in the MCU reference of “Man fights with metal claws in bar brawl”. It’s only a matter of time for the franchise to cast their new Logan, while fans are ever hopeful for a Hugh Jackman variant to show up in Deadpool 3 or even as rumoured in Avengers: Secret Wars. If that wasn’t enough, the MCU appears to be setting up a Planet Hulk movie. After Jen phones Bruce to let him know she’d be taking on the Abomination’s case (during which there’s a hilarious acknowledgement that Mark Ruffalo replaced Edward Norton after The Incredible Hulk), it’s revealed that Smart Hulk is in space on a journey to another planet. In the Planet Hulk comic book storyline, the big green beast ends up on Sakaar and is forced to compete in gladiatorial battles – something we saw in Thor Ragnarok. As pointed out by Screen Rant. the Sakaaran spaceship from episode 1 could have been locating Bruce to get him to return to the planet, which he appears to be doing now he’s back in space. The reason being? To introduce him to his son Skaar, who he could have fathered in the two years he spent there. READ MORE: Marvel boss' devastating Avengers 5 news and teases X-Men MCU debut In Planet Hulk, he fathers Skaar and Hiro-Kala with his alien lover Caiera. Now when the jet that brought him there explodes and kills her, Hulk blames the Illuminati and heads back to Earth in revenge during the events of World War Hulk. Whatever is planned, it looks like the first Hulk movie since 2008’s The Incredible Hulk really could be on the way. She-Hulk is streaming on Disney+ now. SOURCE: SCREEN RANT