Fasting is a popular dieting technique used by millions and hailed by a number of experts and celebrities alike. With numerous success stories it appears to work, and The Chase star Paul Sinha, managed to drop a stone from the dieting method.  The Sinnerman, as he's known on the show, lost the weight after he changed his mindset following a type 2 diabetes diagnosis in 2018. The quizzer then took part in ITV’s documentary, Diabetes: The Fast Fix, which saw him live off of 800 calories a day for one month to see if he could "fast himself better". This is an extreme weight loss method and slimmers should consult with a doctor before trying themselves. It is not unusual for those living with type 2 diabetes to put this condition into remission by losing weight. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake The official website Diabetes.org.uk states: "If you have obesity, your diabetes is more likely to go into remission if you lose a substantial amount of weight – 15kg (or 2st 5lb) – as quickly and safely as possible following diagnosis." In the past, Paul opened up on how he's struggled to shed the pounds. He said: "Every year I go on diets, I go on binges, I go on diets, I go on binges. "But January 1, it's a constant in my life, [I'm always] 13 stone 11 or 13 stone 12." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] When it comes to losing weight, he gives himself some tough love and it appreciative of how his body responds when he respects it. "I’m grateful that my body's always behaved itself," he said. "When I've misbehaved, the weight's always gone up, when I've behaved well, the weight goes down. "I know it's up to me, I've got no excuses, I've not got a fast metabolism or slow metabolism or weak bones or anything like that." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim He added: "My body responds to the respect that I give it." And after an appearance on Taskmaster in 2019 he was hailed an "inspiration" by viewers. Fans rushed to Twitter to celebrate his transformation, crediting all his hard work behind his now healthier lifestyle. Fasting for a certain number of hours each day has been proven to help burn body fat. When people take part in a fast they consume fewer calories than normal, which reduces their overall calorie intake. This is a must when on a weight loss journey, as burning more calories than people consume leads to a drop in pounds by causing several changes to the way the body stores and burns fat. Alongside weight loss, studies have also found that fasting can improve blood sugar control, heart health, brain function and cancer prevention.