Natasha Webb and Dave White finally called it quits in the latest episode of Bravo’s hit spin-off Below Deck Mediterranean. Although viewers were glad to see the back of troublesome bosun Raygan Tyler, it was Dave’s relentless pursuit of Natasha coming to an explosive conclusion which sent the drama overboard. Natasha and Dave’s relationship completely unravelled in the latest episode of Below Deck Med season seven. Despite not even making their fling public, Dave spent much of the episode hounding Natasha when she refused to talk things through on a night out. The chief stewardess has now reiterated the fact she never considered her brief romance with the chef an official relationship. “Dave and I were never in a relationship,” she insisted. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star “We were only with each other a month before joining and we hooked up a few times. It was a very messy situation.” Earlier in the season, Dave admitted he and Natasha had been romantically involved before they signed up for Bravo’s reality series. They had met on their yachting job before joining the show but agreed to keep this detail a secret. However, Natasha has since admitted “it was wrong” to keep the romance from their crewmates. “I wanted to keep it a secret because it was such a mess and it was wrong, and I admit that it was wrong, but everyone makes mistakes,” she said on Watch What Happens Live. Host Andy Cohen asked Natasha if she had ever wanted to start a relationship with Dave. Natasha doubled down: “Never-ever. I saw his true colours and I didn't want to be in that toxic relationship.” Viewers tuned in to their chaotic break-up on Monday night, which saw Dave pursuing Natasha with incessant text messages when she disappeared at the club. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Aethelflaed star confirms new film role [LATEST]Eurovision backlash as London snubbed by 2023 shortlist [REACTION]Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview [VIDEO] Dave continued to blow up her phone as she holed up in a guest cabin, and even threatened to tell the rest of the crew about their relationship if she didn’t respond. The chef clearly regretted his rage the following morning, and had a tearful conversation with Captain Sandy before Natasha ended things for good. The chief admitted she was ashamed their row got so out of hand, and the pair managed to hug it out before going their separate ways. Although their relationship didn’t end on the best of terms, Natasha also revealed she and Dave are actually on rather good terms now filming has finished. “Dave and I are now speaking,” she confirmed to Andy. “You should never hold a grudge. “We've gotten over it, we've moved on, and I'm in the most amazing relationship now.” There’ll be even more drama coming aboard next week, as a returning crew member will be joining the charter to fill the void left by Raygan’s departure. Below Deck Mediterranean is available in the US on Bravo and in the UK on Hayu