Biographer Tom Bower claimed Harry erupted at his older brother ahead of his and Meghan's royal overseas tour in 2018. Mr Bower said the Duke of Sussex felt members of the Royal Family were not showing his wife "sufficient support, respect and friendship". Harry suggested to the Duke of Cambridge that Kate should be "friendlier" to Meghan, according to the investigative author. Mr Bower said the Duke of Sussex believed his wife should be "just as appreciated" as the late Princess Diana. However, the biographer claimed William's response to his younger brother was "not sympathetic". Writing in Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, Mr Bower said: "At the end of September, while the Sussexes’ office was finalising preparations for their first official visit – a 16-day tour of Australia and New Zealand – Harry suggested to William that Kate should be friendlier to his wife. "Members of their family, said Harry, were not showing her sufficient support, respect and friendship. "Meghan, Harry believed, should be just as appreciated as their mother. "William’s reply was not sympathetic. "Beyond the palaces, few were aware of the split between the brothers." It comes as once-close William and Harry, who is living in the US, have been at the centre of an ongoing rift. The Duke of Sussex opened up on tensions during his and Meghan's bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. He told the American talk show host: "The relationship is space, at the moment. Time heals all things, hopefully." During the sit-down interview, the Duchess of Sussex claimed the Duchess of Cambridge made her cry ahead of her royal wedding following previous reports it was the other way round. It comes as Harry and Meghan are living in California after quitting as working royals in March 2020. The pair recently returned to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. However, they reportedly did not spend any time with the Cambridges during their visit to Britain. The two couples both attended a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral during the bank holiday weekend. However, they sat at opposite sides of the cathedral and there was no obvious interaction. 