A video showing comparisons between Princess Diana and her son Prince William has been circulating, with royal fans noticing similarities between the pair. Sharing the video on Twitter, user @loveforcambridg wrote: "Princess Diana must be so proud of her son, our Duke of Cambridge.. He is the one with her good qualities, the one who looks the most like her physically, the one who is protecting her and her image to this day and who is carrying on her legacy beautifully everyday." And other William flocked to agreed, with user @calisunset adding: "Diana had a good heart, and genuinely cared for people. The goodness lives on in Prince William, The Duke Of Cambridge. He’s instilling that same goodness in his and Catherine’s beautiful children. The UK’s in good hands for along time." People were quick to comment on the broken bond between Prince William and Harry, arguing Diana would be "heart broken" over the rift. User @dawncar84976979 said: "Diana would want William and Harry to make up because life is too short . Diana will be proud of both of her children for what they have become and to stand up for what they believe in, also she loves all her grandchildren looking down on them to make sure they are safe." Diana, Princess of Wales, died in August 1997 following a car crash in Paris.  The mother of the Duke of Cambridge and Duke of Sussex shared a close bond with her sons, who were both children when she died. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Kinsey Schofield, a royal expert and podcast host, said Prince William "inherited some of our favourite qualities from Princess Diana". She added: "He is sincere. He is gentle. But he can be fierce. We saw that in the way that he defended his mother throughout the BBC investigation. "I think Prince William learned a lot about love from his mother. She used to tell him that when he found the right girl - to hold on tight! He still looks at Catherine the way he did when they were newlyweds. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's days before stardom laid bare  "He is a very hands-on father. He is home every night to put the babies to sleep. "His commitment to the homeless crisis and turning people’s lives around is infectious. We saw royal watchers donate thousands of dollars in items to shelters in his honour for his birthday. "He is a great mix of both his mother and father but he will be an incredible leader because of his similarities to his mother." The video showed clips of Prince William with son Prince George, before going back to old footage of Princess Diana cradling a young William. DON'T MISS:Bond Street station evacuated: Emergency crew rush to train [PICTURES]Mum-of-eight dies at 47 after spending years indoors [INSIGHT]Grandad, 76, 'turned away from Liverpool bar for being too old' [COMMENT]  It also showed footage comparing the similarities in their faces, with many pointing out that Prince William "inherited" his mother's eyes. User @jasmine45637909 said: "He totally has her eyes". A second user @0618jeanne added: "She lives on … Diana’s imprinting can never be destroyed. She was the most loved woman in the world. A shining light in a world speckled with darkness! A light so bright no one could turn it off!" Prince William was last seen enjoying the Commonwealth Games with Kate and Princess Charlotte in Birmingham last week. 