Carol Kirkwood warned of “extreme heat” and dry weather for the UK for the next few days as a weather front from the northwest is expected to build in and develop clouds which will “trap the heat and pull in more heat from the near continent”. As we move towards the end of the week, temperatures will get increasingly higher, up to 36C degrees, “possibly 37C degrees in the south”. Ms Kirkwood warned dry weather is expected to continue also at night, resulting in “tropical nights” with temperatures not lower than 20C degrees. Ms Kirkwood warned: “We could end up by the end of this week with some tropical nights meaning the temperature doesn’t fall lower than 20C degrees. “The forecast for the next few days is just that the heat is going to continue to build. “The Met Office has an amber extreme heat warning in force which stars tomorrow. “It’s going to be dry across the bulk of the UK away from the northwest, and the reason is because we’ve got a weather front here and it’s going to be with us for the next few days waving and taking its cloud and rain with it north and south, in the north of Scotland for the rest of its high pressures in charge. “That is really trapping the heat and will pull in more heat from the new continent as we head towards the end of the week. “A lot of dry weather and a lot of sunshine around, but still the cloud and some spots of rain coming in later in the day to the north and west where we’ve got gusty winds. “Temperatures where we’ve got the cloud are going to be a bit lower but for the south we’re looking at heights to the up to 32C degrees.” Referring to this evening and overnight, she forecasted: “A lot of dry weather around, still that cloud and rain the far north. READ MORE: Aintree Hospital fire: Patients evacuated as building by A&E alight. “Some mist and some fog patches forming as well with temperatures 12C to 18C degrees.” As we head into Thursday, she warned: “Dry weather will continue to build in, again a lot of sunshine and some cloud coming in from the north sea at times and also in the northwest. “Temperatures getting up to about 35C and 36C degrees.” DON'T MISS:Liz Truss vows to ‘scrap’ investigation against Boris over partygate [WATCH]Sunak deserted as ex-Minister defects to Truss [LISTEN]Brexit FURY as Varadkar unleashes border talks sabotage [INSIGHT] Referring to Friday’s weather forecast, she added: “Our weather front makes more roads into the northern half of Scotland with more cloud and some spots of rain. “It’s going to be sunny and hot with temperatures up to about 36 degrees. "On Saturday, it’s quite possible somewhere in the south we’re going to have 36 or even 37C degrees”. READ NEXT: VDL threatened to be kicked out as she refuses to dish out cashBrexit: Ministers 'filling jobs with foreign workers'Europhile shut down after bitter Brexit attack on Tory BrexiteersNew Zealand PM Jacinda Ardern dealt blow as popularity hits record lowPutin in trouble as Russian units crawling ‘less planned’