The new Premier League season is just around the corner and bringing in the restart of FPL. The game has grown exponentially in recent years with over 10million teams registered at the end of last season. While everyone will be targeting the likes of Erling Haaland, Mohamed Salah and Harry Kane, the budget of just £100m for 15 players means you need to target bargains alongside the big-hitting stars. With so many players to choose from it can be difficult to find the best combination of talent - but Express Sport is here to help. Express Sport pick out the nine of the best cheap options, including names from Manchester United and Arsenal, in order to enable you to build the best possible team. Marcus Rashford (£6.5m) United’s dire 2021/22 season has seen many of their top stars receive huge price falls for this year. One such player is Rashford who now comes in at the bargain price of 6.5m. While he struggled last year he has proven over the course of his career he is a top attacking talent. He has enjoyed a positive pre-season, building up a good relationship with Anthony Martial and Jadon Sancho with the trio a near certainty to start as the Red Devils’ front three against Brighton given the issues surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo. Gabriel Martinelli (£6m) Arsenal have looked like one of the form teams in pre-season with their front three of Martinelli, Buyako Saka and Gabriel Jesus particularly impressive. However, the other two are priced at £8m making the Brazilian an interesting alternative. Going with the young star would provide an extra £2m to go towards improving the rest of your team while finding a way into the Gunners’ attack. Kieran Trippier (£5m) Newcastle ended last season on good form particularly defensively, keeping four clean sheets in the last eight games. They look set to be even stronger there this season after the signings of Nick Pope and Sven Botman. Trippier looks to be your best option if you want to take advantage of the Magpies' incoming clean sheets. He will take most of the club’s set pieces and has already demonstrated his goal-scoring prowess having netted twice from free kicks in just six games last season. He could even find himself on penalties should Callum Wilson pick up an injury. JUST IN: Man City could get Chelsea revenge as 'transfer fee discussed' for Thomas Tuchel target Neto (£5.5m) The options at the £5.5m price point in midfield look quite limited but of those Neto is the clear standout. The Portugal star missed much of last season through injury but has proven in his previous appearances that he is a huge talent. He has looked sharp during pre-season, scoring three times and getting another assist. With Raul Jimenez injured he looks like he will be the main man in the Wolves attack and is a must-have for your FPL. Jonny (£4.5m) However, you may be better placed targeting the Wanderers backline instead. The Midlands club were one of the stingiest defences in the league last season keeping 11 clean sheets. The club also have a favourable run of fixtures to start the season with Jonny looking the best of their defensive assets given his ability to get forward. The Spaniard is set to start the season at right-wing-back given the injury to Nelson Semedo but is likely to switch to the left when he returns. Leon Bailey (£5.0m) Bailey endured a poor first season in the Premier League with Aston Villa as injuries and a lack of form meant he spent most of his time out of the side. However, this should play into the hands of FPL managers for the coming year as we take advantage of his low price point. The Jamaican has been on fire this summer scoring three and contributing a further two assists. He looks destined to win a place in the starting XI with Steven Gerrard talking up his rapid progress. Andreas Periera (£4.5m) Andreas Periera is the cheapest midfielder in the game making him an ideal option for your bench. Managers can take advantage of the player’s move to Fulham after he was priced while still well out of the first team picture at Old Trafford. At £4.5m you should not expect too many points but he can sit nicely off the pitch ready to come in with a contribution should one of your starting stars pick up an unexpected injury. Neco Williams (£4.0m) Another player who has benefitted from a summer move is Williams, who was originally priced at just £4.0m due to the likelihood he would be on the Liverpool bench. However, managers can now take advantage of this premature price tag to sign the cheapest defender in the game. He will play at wing-back giving him the potential to contribute attacking returns, something he has proven during his time at Fulham and the Welsh national team. Danny Ward (£4.0m) Most FPL managers tend to choose a £4.0m ‘keeper for their bench, letting him rot away while their first choice makes all the points. The players at this price point tend to be non-starters for their club meaning they are essentially a dead spot given the dynamics of the goalkeeper position. However, with Kasper Schmeichel’s departure to Nice, Danny Ward is tipped to become Leicester’s No 1 meaning managers can give themselves an extra option in their squad, particularly handy if your first choice is playing the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool.