The country’s open spaces have been yearning for rainfall over the past weeks, with many gardens and landscapes looking brown and dull. And in Kent and Sussex, a hosepipe ban will be put in place within the next week, according to South East Water. This will stop people from using water to wash cars, fill up paddling pools and water gardens. Such restrictions are already imposed in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight from today by Southern Water. Reservoirs are somewhat shallower than they should be, with July’s intense heat causing issues with running water for households across the country. July 19 saw thermometers record a whopping 40.3C in parts of the country, an absolute record which has never before been hit in this country. The Met Office has also cited a dry spell for much of the UK, with only small parts of the north seeing spontaneous showers. But, in its recent statement, the forecaster said after the middle of August conditions will become “changeable”. This coming week temperatures are set to peak once again to 34C by Wednesday, August 10. Come Sunday, August 14 the weather will begin to turn - with more rain on the horizon from August 15. From August 15, more rain clouds appear to cover the UK, according to weather model WX Charts. While the start of the new week will see more scattered showers, a period of heavy downpours will begin to move in from Thursday, August 18 - covering a large swathe of the south. READ MORE: UK hot weather: 8-day heatwave with 35C forecast  These are set to last until at least Saturday, August 20, but it’s currently unclear as to how long they will continue. The Met Office’s long range forecast from the middle to end of August says people will need to expect more unsettled weather. But, the south is still looking largely dry in comparison to the west and north of the UK. It says: “The second half of August may bring a shift away from the earlier settled conditions for many, with occasional periods of unsettled weather over the northern and western parts, and increased chances of thunderstorms in the south. DON'T MISSAugust driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules [WARNING]Drivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairs [SHOCKING]Elderly drivers urged to renew driving licence or risk massive fines [INSIGHT] “Temperatures will trend between average and warm for most, and likely warm or very warm in the south, where it will also turn humid at times. “Further into the period, the unsettled conditions may spread further south and east at times, although the north and west are still likely to see the most of any precipitation.” Water companies have not explicitly said how long hosepipe bans across the four southern regions will last.