Veteran BBC journalist Neil Henderson said he should have shown "more consideration to a BBC colleague" to keep in line with the corporation's "social media guidelines”. His apology comes after he attacked Mr Lineker, one of the BBC’s highest-earning stars, after he posted in response to MPs voting against imposing a legal duty on water companies.  The Match of the Day host posted to his 8.5million followers: “As a politician how could you ever, under any circumstances, bring yourself to vote for pumping sewage into our seas? Unfathomable!” But Mr Henderson, a BBC home and foreign news editor, asked Mr Lineker if he had a “different contract” to his which allowed him to breach the corporation’s impartiality rules. Mr Henderson claimed if he had shared the same tweet he would be sacked. He posted on Twitter to Mr Lineker: “Do you have the freedom to tweet about this sort of thing because you have a difference contract to mine? “Because I’d be sacked if I did." He went on: “Does not our duty of impartiality apply across the BBC?” To which Mr Lineker replied: “Only in news and current affairs. Surely you know this?” Mr Henderson added: “The BBC lives or dies by its impartiality.  READ MORE: BBC boss faces MP grilling for 'breaking bias promise' “If you can’t abide it, get off it.” Former MEP David C Bannerman also defended Mr Henderson, tweeting: "It’s clear [Neil Henderson] makes an entirely fair point - why should Lineker escape BBC impartiality guidelines when others risk sacking? Sets a very bad example." But Mr Henderson has since deleted the tweets and apologised eight days after the exchange, writing: ‘I’d like to apologise for earlier tweets (now deleted) responding to Gary Lineker. “I should have shown more consideration to a BBC colleague – as per the BBC’s social media guidelines.”  DON'T MISS Gary Lineker ‘should apologise’ for ‘biased’ tweets says GB News host [OPINION]'Enough political interference!' Labour says it will protect BBC [INSIGHT]Civil war erupts in BBC as Kuenssberg rejects Tory bias claims [INFO] The outspoken former footballer is not shy when it comes to airing his political views on social media. He often laments Brexit while sharing thoughts with his 8.5million Twitter followers. Subjects also include climate change, Russia’s war in Ukraine and the refugee crisis. Regulator OfCom requires the BBC to be impartial in its output and the taxpayer funded corporation has pledged not to show political bias. And when the BBC’s Director-General Tim Davie was appointed, he told staff if they want to be opinionated columnists or a partisan campaigners on social media they “should not be working at the BBC”. The broadcaster’s boss previously said it needed to “urgently champion and recommit to impartiality”. Mr Davie said: “We urgently need to champion and recommit to impartiality. It is deliverable and it is essential. “If you work here, nothing should be more exciting than exploring different views, seeking evidence with curiosity and creatively presenting testimony. “Making use of our own experiences but not driven by our personal agendas. I wonder if some people worry that impartiality could be a little dull.  “To be clear, this is not about abandoning democratic values such as championing fair debate or an abhorrence of racism. “But it is about being free from political bias, guided by the pursuit of truth, not a particular agenda. “If you want to be an opinionated columnist or a partisan campaigner on social media then that is a valid choice, but you should not be working at the BBC.”