Yesterday (August 4), the regulator confirmed it would be reviewing the price cap quarterly instead of every six months. The reasoning behind the change is it will reportedly give Ofgem the ability to “adjust more quickly” to changes in the gas and electricity market. This comes as the latest forecast estimates that energy bills will exceed £3,600 by January 2023. Currently, the UK is in the middle of a cost of living crisis which is being exacerbated by hikes to inflation and energy prices. Jonathan Brearley, Ofgem’s CEO, explained the difficulty faced by the regulator in addressing soaring energy prices. Mr Brearley said: “I know this situation is deeply worrying for many people. As a result of Russia’s actions, the volatility in the energy markets we experienced last winter has lasted much longer, with much higher prices than ever before. “And that means the cost of supplying electricity and gas to homes has increased considerably. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out “The trade-offs we need to make on behalf of consumers are extremely difficult and there are simply no easy answers right now.” Energy bill customers will next experience a price hike in October with Cornwall Insights predicting people will pay £3,358 a year. In comparison, the average energy bill in the UK was £1,400 a year in October. Experts are sounding the alarm over the potential “hammer blow” a price increase will have on pensioners across the country, who are among the most vulnerable.  Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s charity director, voiced her concerns about the regulator’s latest intervention and how it will likely affect older households. Ms Abrahams explained: “Ofgem’s decision to move to quarterly price cap changes is a hammer blow to the millions of consumers already struggling to pay sky-rocketing bills. “With household energy costs widely predicted to reach shockingly high levels from October, the decision to press ahead with yet another price cap change in January poses an enormous threat to the health and wellbeing of vulnerable older households across Britain. “At Age UK, we have consistently warned Ofgem that a quarterly price cap represents a significant risk to many older consumers.” READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments Citing the forecast that energy bills will exceed £3,600 in the New Year, the pensioner expert warned of the dangers posed by such a price hike during one of the coldest months in the year. She added: “We are very concerned that a January price rise will hit consumers with a bill increase during the coldest period of the year – no doubt leading to many more people risking their health by turning their heating down or off altogether. “After enduring a tough autumn of higher prices, consumers will be forced to go through one of the worst winters in the energy market in living memory without the reassurance the cap usually provides. “Estimates suggest the typical consumer will be spending over £3,600 on their annual bill after the expected cap increase in January, almost doubling prices compared with today.” The charity called on Ofgem to “rethink” its plan to implement a quarterly price cap schedule this winter and urged the Government to “step-up” its support for low income households. Notably, Age UK called on politicians to keep their promise to reinstate the triple lock on state pensions which will give older people a sizable boost if reintroduced this coming April. Recently, the former Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a wave of support to help those who are struggling with rising energy bills and inflation. This includes a £400 energy bill grant, a £650 cost of living payment and an extra £300 which will be exclusively awarded to pensioners.