Many pensioners believe the only support available to them is through the state pension. However, for those living with health conditions or disabilities, this may not be the case. Those who suffer with back pain and other conditions could get further support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Back pain, according to the NHS, can be very common - however, in some cases it is particularly severe. It could also be the sign of a medical condition such as sciatica, a slipped disc or ankylosing spondylitis. The NHS states people should see their GP if their back pain is consistent, the pain is severe, or an individual is struggling to cope. READ MORE: Inheritance tax ‘should be reduced’ from 40 to 20 percent Under these circumstances, long term are or medication might be required to help people with their lives. Severe pain can also have an impact on the way people navigate the day, and Attendance Allowance could help. People must have a physical or mental disability or both to claim the payment. This must be severe enough that the individual needs help caring for themselves, or supervision. DON'T MISSDave Ramsey suggests how woman 60, with little savings can get by [VIDEO]Santander launches ‘market leading’ £160 switcher cashback [UPDATE]NS&I updates Premium Bonds prize checker for August 2022 [LATEST]  The help must have been required for at least six months for a person to be eligible. Attendance Allowance could provide the kind of support people need with their finances in this situation. It is paid weekly at two different rates - a lower and higher rate. What people receive is dependent on the level of help they require. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: What are your odds of winning £1million? The lower rate is £61.85 per week and intended for those who need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. The higher rate of £92.40 weekly is for those requiring help or supervision throughout both day and night. Consequently, people on Attendance Allowance could receive up to £4,804 per year to assist with their needs. Attendance Allowance can be claimed using the dedicated claim form by post. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The form comes with notes directing Britons on how to fill it in for ease and convenience. The completed form can then be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. A postcode or stamp will not be required for this.