From August 29, Personal Independence Payment (PIP) will be replaced in Scotland with Adult Disability Payment (ADP) meaning people can no longer make new claims for PIP. ADP is a new devolved benefit which will be delivered by Social Security Scotland. The process of transferring some 313,620 existing PIP claimants began in mid-June and is expected to be completed by summer 2024. People already on PIP do not need to apply for the new benefit, the Department for Work and Pensions will simply transfer those eligible automatically. There will be no interruption in payments during the migration which takes around three months to complete. Claimants who receive ADP will be paid between £24.45 and £156.90 each week to help with the additional costs of daily living and mobility needs. READ MORE: Energy bills: DWP confirms when you will receive your £400 discount People living in Scotland will no longer be able to make a new claim for PIP from August 29. What is Adult Disability Payment?People can apply for Adult Disability Payment if they have either a: Similar to PIP, it is made up of two parts - Daily Living and Mobility. Claimants may qualify for one or both parts and the amount they get depends on how their condition affects their ability to do everyday activities and get around. READ MORE: Mortgage rates: Homeowner urged to act sharpish or risk 'adding hundreds' to monthly bills It does not matter if someone is working or not. Income and savings are not taken into account. People do not need to apply for Adult Disability Payment if they already get PIP or DLA from the DWP. Social Security Scotland will move their benefit to Adult Disability Payment without them having to do anything. Individuals can only make a claim for ADP if it is open in their area. At present, 13 local authorities are now offering ADP to adults over 16 and under state pension age living with a disability, long-term illness or a physical or mental health condition. If it is not, people will need to wait until August 29, or make a claim for PIP instead before the date. It's worth noting that new claims for PIP currently can take around 20 weeks to process. For more information, people can visit Social Security Scotland Government website. Last month, Ben Macpherson, the Scottish Government’s minister for Social Security, outlined how people can apply for the PIP replacement.Mr Macpherson explained: “People can apply for Adult Disability Payment in the way that suits them best. “As well as online and over the phone, local delivery staff can provide pre-application advice and encourage people to take up their entitlements. “I encourage those who think they could be eligible to check and apply. We would urge people who think that they may need additional support in applying, as well as with re‑determinations and appeals, to consider using VoiceAbility, an independent advocacy service that we are funding. “Our approach to delivering disability benefits has been designed with people with lived experience of disability benefits, and we are taking a different approach to that of the UK Government. “People will be treated with dignity and respect and we will start from a position of trust. There will be no private sector assessors and clients will be given greater choice to help them, including times and locations of meetings, with home visits available.”