Ulrika Jonsson, 55, has revealed she once asked surgeons to give her “Kate Moss breasts”. It came after the supermodel stripped completely naked to promote the launch of her self-care brand, Cosmoss. TV presenter Ulrika previously opened up about undergoing breast reduction surgery 13 years ago.  Speaking about the British model, Ulrika said she believed Kate now had a “divine body.”  Ulrika explained she was a "big fan" of nudity and congratulated Kate for her bravery.  She said: "Y’all know by now I’m a fan of nudity. Can there be anything better than the naked body in all its natural form? READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life "At 48, Moss doesn’t look half bad, does she?  “I mean, we don’t all have her vital statistics (even though I did ask my cosmetic surgeon for a pair of ‘Kate Moss breasts’ when I went for a breast reduction 13 years ago)," she wrote in her column for The Sun.  The star went on, saying she thought Kate’s body “is nothing short of divine." Ulrika ended by praising Kate’s “elfin, impish, petite body.”  It comes as Kate Moss launched her new self-care brand Cosmoss, which saw her strip off to promote it.  Completely naked in the short clip, the star could be seen wading into a lake.  She looked back at the camera in the video and addressed her 1.4 million followers as she said: “Follow me to Cosmoss.” READ MORE... Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [UPDATE] TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [LATEST] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [UPDATE]  In the caption she wrote: “Mesmerising and magical. COSMOSS is self-care created for life’s modern journeys. Coming 01.09.22.”  In a previous Instagram post in view of her 202,000 followers, Ulrika said she “hated” her own boobs.  The presenter said: “T*ts. Boobs. Knockers. Whatever you call them. I’ve hated mine since before they arrived.”  Speaking candidly once again, Ulrika claimed last week that she had been kicked off Hinge dating app for violating its terms of service. On her Instagram stories, she spoke out against the love matching website saying they should “ban catfishes” instead.  Sharing a screenshot of a warning which informed her that her profile had been removed, Ulrika wrote: “Nice one @hinge.  "No reason (Maybe you should spend a bit more time banning countless catfish I've had to endure).  “I await your response @hinge.”