At a time when many households are trying to cut back on their spending, a last-minute getaway might feel completely off the cards. But, Finance Expert, Dave Fishwick has revealed how families can enjoy a staycation this summer, without breaking the bank. Appearing on This Morning earlier this week, Dave said: “It’s about location, going on a staycation is about the location; you can go down to Cornwall and spend a fortune, or you can save a fortune and head north. “You can save £500 by going north, and there are some wonderful places [to visit]; Scotland, Cumbria, Lake District, Morecombe, Blackpool, Wales. “One of the secrets is, book direct, go straight to the hotel, give them a call. “Check the website first, find out how much it’s going to cost, maybe call a local travel agent, see what sort of costs there are. “Speak directly to the hotel - ask for the manager or the owner, because they can make a decision where you can get it cheaper, make friends with them, it’s so easy, it’s just words!” READ MORE: Flight attendant warns passengers against using part of their seat Dave also recommended opting for “a family-owned hotel” over a large well-known chain, as there will be “someone you can talk to [to get a cheaper rate]”. If you can’t get a cheaper hotel rate, you might be able to get “free child places, free breakfast, maybe even a glass of wine”. Dave said, “it’s just about making friends before you go”. The finance expert also said to book a staycation during off-peak times. “If you embed yourself into the heart of the Lake District, that’s going to cost yourself a fortune,” he added. Instead, Dave recommended staying somewhere a “couple of miles further out” and getting yourself “a bus ticket”. DON'T MISS...How Meghan portays herself as ‘innocent’ and ‘humble’ - expert claims [PICTURES]James Martin lost 2st by adopting ‘key’ lifestyle change [COMMENT]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] “I got in contact with Pendle Council and asked how much it would be for a week bus ticket. £16.50, and you can get on and off it as much as you like. £3 a day!” He remarked. If you are looking for a cottage staycation, Dave suggested sharing a property. “Friends, family, anybody that you get on with, share a cottage,” he explained. “You can get a fancy flat down Torquay for £600-700 with one bedroom. You can get just outside Torquay, for six bedroom cottage, for the same price, you can share with your friends.” READ MORE: Flight attendant explains most important toilet etiquette “I got in contact with Pendle Council and asked how much it would be for a week bus ticket. £16.50, and you can get on and off it as much as you like. £3 a day!” He remarked. If you are looking for a cottage staycation, Dave suggested sharing a property. “Friends, family, anybody that you get on with, share a cottage,” he explained. “You can get a fancy flat down Torquay for £600-700 with one bedroom. You can get just outside Torquay, for six bedroom cottage, for the same price, you can share with your friends.” Up north, drinks and food are cheaper too. Dave explained how he paid £13 for two bottles of beer down south, compared to £5 up north. He said accounting for eating and drinking out is important. “Budget your holiday - look at how much you’re going to spend each day,” the expert added. For families, Dave suggested researching “discounted activities - that’s important”. “Something there that’s going on, make sure you’re not going when there are other events on - go week before and the week after. “There are lots of activities you can do for free - going to the beach and swimming in the sea!” If you’re looking for some relaxation, Dave said to avoid hotels with spas as they can charge “double money” to stay there. Instead, he suggested staying at a local hotel, and looking around the area to “see what spas and swimming pools are there and ring up and see if they do a trial for a week, book yourself in, go and then cancel the membership at the end of the month”. It’s also useful to check local Facebook groups to find the best local park or free child’s play centre. As for restaurants, “find out if they do a happy hour or early bird menu” as they’ll be cheaper than peak hours. If you're looking at how to cut petrol costs for your staycation, Dave also revealed a handy app which shows you the cheapest petrol pump in each area.