Portugal is one of the safest countries in the world and the majority of tourists’ visits are trouble free. However, there are a few areas of Portugal where tourists should take caution. According to Numbeo statistics, the northern city of Porto is the most dangerous city in Portugal. Porto has over average levels of crime and beats the capital city Lisbon when it comes to danger. The most common crimes in Portugal according to Numbeo are drug dealing and corruption. According to TravelSafe, tourists have a medium risk of being scammed or pickpocketed in Porto. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 5 everyday items which 'can't go through security' The stunning city receives millions of visitors each year, with over two million international tourists travelling to Porto in 2019. Many tourists pay a visit to the nearby Douro Valley to sample some of the region’s wines while queues to admire the gorgeous Livraria Lello bookshop often wind the whole way down the street. Despite being Portugal’s most dangerous city, tourists still have a very low risk of facing violent crime or muggings in Porto. The majority of residents said they felt safe walking alone at night while most were not worried about being attacked. Like in any large European city, tourists will need to be aware of pickpockets while on holiday in Porto. Popular tourist attractions and busy hubs such as train stations are normally pickpocketing hotspots. Wearing a flat money belt under clothes and leaving valuables at home can lower the risk of falling victim to a pickpocket. Tourists should also be aware of some common scams targeting travellers on holiday in Porto. READ MORE: The safest tourist destination in Europe is ‘amazing’ Rose sellers operate in many tourist destinations including in Porto. Tourists may be handed a rose by a person in the street. After they have unwittingly accepted the rose, they will be asked to pay for it and it can be very difficult to return it without paying. Tourists could also fall victim to a fake parking scam. Scammers may pretend to be parking officials and ask for tips from visitors. Drivers should always check if there’s a machine before parking as this will normally be the official way to pay to park. The UK Government advises: “Crime rates are low but pickpocketing, handbag snatching and theft from cars and holiday properties are common in major tourist areas and can be accompanied by violence. “Be alert, keep sight of your belongings at all times and beware of thieves using distraction techniques. “Do not carry all your valuables together in handbags or pockets.Leave spare cash and valuables in a safe place. “Avoid leaving items in an unattended car, even for a short period; if you have no alternative, hide them in the boot before you reach your destination.” The most popular holiday destinations in Portugal are Porto, Lisbon and the Algarve.