Sarah Rogers visited Manchester’s Dogs 4 Rescue centre on Wednesday to help their appeal to give their overwhelming number of dogs a new home. Thankfully, it appears many BBC viewers were keen to assist the packed shelter as it didn’t take long for their website to become overwhelmed with visitors. The BBC reporter explained Dogs 4 Rescue was now at capacity with 50 dogs looking for new homes. “They need people to foster them, so much so they say they’re going to pay for absolutely everything,” she said. “Vets bills, food, just to help with that cost of living squeeze, because that is the reason many dogs are being returned.” After introducing viewers to canine residents Benjy and Stanley, she spoke to the centre’s owner Emma Billington about the depressing situation. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe She told Sarah: “[It’s] depressing because we set it up to help, and we’re no longer able to help. “I’ve been in this for nearly 20 years, and the UK crisis now in rescue all over is worse than we ever imagined. “It’s bad enough with Covid but now, with the cost of living crisis, we’ve never known the number of dogs. “Literally, the phone rings all the time, we’ve got automated emails going out.” “We’re desperate for help. Someone needs to do something and the time is now.” Emma assured viewers her small team will try their best to get back to potential foster owners for their rescued residents. Dog lovers can get in touch through Dogs 4 Rescue’s Facebook page, by giving them a call on 07412 361 769 or by visiting their website, dogs4rescue.co.uk. “I can’t sleep at night,” Emma added. “We cannot help anymore. We’re at capacity, there’s nothing we can do until people start helping us.” DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell heartbroken by death of America's Got Talent star [TRIBUTE]The Sandman’s Gwendoline Christie explains Lucifer’s absence [INSIGHT]Sally Nugent blasts Starmer as she questions where Labour leader is [INTERVIEW] Thankfully, it appears Emma’s appeal has already had some success. “We were on a little earlier this morning,” Sarah added. “And we crashed the website. “And it is hoped, of course, that people that are fostering will fall in love with these dogs and they will find their forever homes there.” Back in the studio, presenters Ben Thompson and Sally Nugent couldn’t help letting out a laugh as another resident enjoyed some belly rubs in the sunshine. Sally exclaimed: “Someone particularly enjoying the sun there, I think!” Ben joked: “That’s how I’m going to spend the rest of the day.” For those who wish to help, Dogs 4 Rescue is also taking donations, and The Golden Paw Club sends members regular updates on behind-the-scenes stories and upcoming social events for just £5 a month. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.