Meghan Markle has been warned against making repeated swipes at the Royal Family after her latest revelations sparked a wave of fierce criticism. The Duchess of Sussex has been warned “to be careful” amid backlash over her exclusive interview with New York magazine, The Cut. Broadcaster Penny Smith suggested Meghan needed to reflect on how her “world famous” status and ties with the Royal Family add weight to her controversial comments.    Speaking on Talk TV, Ms Smith said: “When she married Prince Harry she became world famous and therefore you have to be careful with what you say. “Surely you have to be careful or just own it and then stop complaining about it.” The Duchess of Sussex triggered a storm of criticism after The Cut published a lengthy interview in which Meghan discussed her time in the Royal Family and her later step back from royal duties. In the article, Meghan recalled a conversation in which her royal wedding to Prince Harry was compared to the liberation of South African President Nelson Mandela, a parallel that has prompted particular fury among readers.    Discussing the comparison, The Talk panellist Esther Krakue said: “She didn’t actually make this comment herself, but the point is she repeated this comment. “This podcast is scripted within an inch of its life and everything she does now, because she’s free of the Royal Family, is very calculated. “This interview that she gave was very calculated. “You know you’re going to stoke a fire, you know people are going to get worked up.” Read more: Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast   The Duchess had reflected upon an exchange she had with a cast member at the 2019 London premiere of the live-action version of The Lion King. Meghan recalled the conversation: “He said, ‘I just need to you know, when you married into this family, we rejoiced in the streets the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison.” The author of the article added: “Of course, she knows she’s no Mandela.” A grandson of the former South African President said: “Nelson Mandela’s release from jail was the culmination of nearly 350 years of struggle in which generations of our people paid with their lives. It can never be compared to the celebration of someone’s wedding.” Don't miss: Royal Family 'extremely concerned' as Meghan issues threat [REPORT]Meghan's latest interview 'overshadowing' poignant royal anniversary [REVEAL]‘Harry's job was to be Wills' wing man’ Paul Burrell slams Sussexes [INSIGHT] However, the Duchess has also garnered further support for speaking out about her personal experience. Broadcaster Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said: "The best thing to happen to the Royal Family in 100 years was Princess Diana followed by Duchess Meghan Markle. "They rejected both women - real assets in a modern progressive world. For a monarchy whose singular purpose is to 'survive' they're walking themselves into extinction." And ITV presenter Alex Beresford clarified: "So Meghan Markle compared herself to Nelson Mandela? No she didn’t! "Whilst I personally wouldn’t compare their wedding to Mandela’s long walk to freedom, it’s what HE felt. Undoubtedly it was a moment that many people of colour never thought they’d see…" In the interview, Meghan expressed her understanding that, despite the couple’s step back from royal duties, she was aware that she was still very much linked to the Royal Family. The Duchess said: “It’s important to be thoughtful about it because, even with the Oprah interview, I was conscious of the fact that there are little girls that I meet and they’re just like, ‘Oh my god, it’s a real-life princess.’” Despite her acknowledgment, both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have received criticism for discussing royal affairs since their departure as working royals. The threat of further controversy looms over the Royal Family as Meghan has embarked on her new podcast series Archetypes, and Prince Harry is set to release a tell-all memoir of his royal life this autumn. Read next: 'Watch their backs'—Royal Family warned after Meghan's new interviewDr Shola claims Royal Family is 'walking into extinction'Archie's adorable name for Meghan and HarryMeghan 'bolted into house' as car pulled up in dash to see Archie 'Diana would never have left!' Paul Burrell in swipe at Sussexes