With temperatures rising across the UK, Brits are searching for solutions to help them cool down on hot days. Ideal for instant cooling, shoppers can now buy a personal space cooler for less than £20 with this bargain deal. Space saving and providing an instant relief of cool air, Beldray’s Arctic Dome Cooler is the perfect way to stay cool during the heatwave. With three speed settings, it’s small enough to fit on bedside tables, desks, and features four freezable integrated ice rings to push out cold air instead of recirculating hot air. A great essential for hot nights, Amazon shoppers can now buy it for less than £20. Mood-enhancing with two LED coloured lights and designed with an aromatherapy box to diffuse your favourite scents, it’s sure to become an essential addition to coping through the heat. If you’re looking for a fan that immediately blows cool air at an affordable price, this is a great pick. It’s lightweight size also makes it easy to move from your home office to your bedroom when you sleep at night. The Beldray Arctic Dome Cooler is now £19.99 from £33.99, saving £14 off its original price. BUY: Beldray Arctic Dome Cooler (£19.99) Powered by 10W and just over a kilo in weight, reviewers love using this on extra hot days to blast out cold air. Jessica Wong said: “Wanted something small and easy to store but would help us sleep during our rare uk heatwaves. Just what we needed.” Lynsey and John Stocking also added: “There’s hardly any noise as I have one in my bedroom and was able to have a good night’s sleep.” Julie wrote: “Perfect if you get hit whilst sleeping. Very quiet. I use with a few drop off lavender oil.” Powered by 10W and just over a kilo in weight, reviewers love using this on extra hot days to blast out cold air.  Jessica Wong said: “Wanted something small and easy to store but would help us sleep during our rare uk heatwaves. Just what we needed.”  Lynsey and John Stocking also added: “There’s hardly any noise as I have one in my bedroom and was able to have a good night’s sleep.”  Julie wrote: “Perfect if you get hit whilst sleeping. Very quiet. I use with a few drop off lavender oil.”