Many pensioners will believe the state pension is the only support they can receive in later life. But for some, this is far from the case, especially as it relates to disabilities or health issues. Mrs A, aged 67, lived alone and was struggling to look after herself as she was living with numerous health conditions. These included severe arthritis, depression, intermittent vertigo and hypothyroidism. Understandably, these conditions were having a palpable effect on her day to day life, and her ability to move around both inside and outside of the home. Age UK, who shared the woman’s story, believed Mrs A would be entitled to claim Attendance Allowance, a payment designed to help people of state pension age living with a disability or condition. DON'T MISS‘Say yes!’ Married couples could slash their tax bill by £1,242 [INSIGHT]Halifax prize draw could mean you get mortgage paid off [LATEST]Nationwide issues warning as widower ‘runs out of savings’ in scam [WARNING] The charity helped her to complete the form, but Mrs A was disappointed a few weeks later when the claim was refused. However, with the help of Age UK she was able to request a reconsideration of the decision, writing a detailed letter which laid out her health difficulties and the help she needed. Soon enough, Mrs A was able to receive the higher rate of Attendance Allowance, which at the time of her claim was worth £82.30 per week. She was also able to claim a further £194 in the form of a council tax reduction. READ MORE: Fury as most pensioners will not get next year's £1,000 state pension Mrs A said: “The difference it made was incredible.” She bought small aids for the house, and was now going to be able to pay for help around the home. Despite the pain she was living in, Mrs A’s life was made that much easier by a claim for Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance could be very helpful for those in a similar position to Mrs A. It is paid at two different rates, and how much someone gets depends on the level of care they need because of their disability or condition. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The payment is not means-tested, so what someone earns or how much they have in savings will not impact what they get. The lower rate is £61.85 for people who need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. The higher rate of £92.40 per week helps those who need assistance or supervision throughout both day and night. The Government website adds: “You could get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction if you get Attendance Allowance. “Check with the helpline or office dealing with your benefit.” All benefits are paid into a person’s bank, building society or credit union account.