Queen Rania, who turned 52 today, is a huge style icon, especially in the Middle East. Her royal wedding dress is not the most talked about, despite being incredibly gorgeous. What did Rania's wedding gown look like? Then Prince Abdullah married Rania Al-Yassin on June 10, 1993, which was declared a national holiday. The pair married at Zahran Palace, with royals from all over the world flying in for the event. For the nuptials, Rania wore a custom-made Bruce Oldfield wedding gown that featured gold floral embellishments and short sleeves. The dress was unique in that it had a jacket that covered the top of the gown and a large belt that held it in place.  It has been reported that Oldfield drew inspiration from formal Syrian dresses that were on display at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London to design the royal wedding gown. The gown’s skirt had many folds and featured a long train. The future Queen Consort also wore white gloves with her gown. She wore her hair in a large bun updo with a headband instead of a tiara.   The voluminous veil was attached to the headband that matched her white and gold gown. She also wore pearl drop earrings featuring a smaller pearl on the lobe of the ear and a larger pearl dangling while surrounded by diamonds. Rania had a second gown for the reception and changed her hair into a more elaborate updo. The second gown, also designed by Oldfield, was sleeveless and featured a V-neck. READ MORE: Queen Rania of Jordan wows in chic denim skirt - 'stylish!' Its design and embroidery matched the gown she wore earlier in the day for the wedding ceremony. Abdullah became the King of Jordan on February 7, 1999, and named Rania Queen on March 22. Why did Rania not wear a tiara to her wedding? The reason may be that Abdullah was not the Crown Prince at the time of his marriage.  That job belonged to his uncle, Hassan. It wasn’t until right before King Hussein’s death that Abdullah was named Crown Prince.  Abdullah became the King of Jordan in 1999. Therefore, Rania may have opted against a tiara as she was too far down the pecking order. 