Tensions between Prince Harry and the rest of the Royal Family have been ongoing, particularly since his and Meghan Markle's royal exit in 2020. Last year, it was revealed that the 37-year-old is set to release a "bombshell" memoir and although no official details have been released, it has led to speculation as to whether he would use the book to attack the Royal Family. However, according to royal expert Ingrid Seward, Prince Harry "won't" take potshots at the family as the Duke wants to "focus on himself". Speaking on the latest episode of The Royal Beat, Ms Seward discussed Harry's upcoming book. Ms Seward said: "I've got a feeling that Harry is not going to knock any members of his family." "He wants to talk about himself. "His feelings and his wokeness." She added: "The co-author, or, in fact, the ghostwriter, is a very very good writer indeed. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Wanted the title' Meghan's hopes of 'Hollywood celebrity game' dashed "He has a way with words that he can encompass all that." She concluded: "I don't think Harry has to say anything unpleasant about anyone in this book." In July 2021, Penguin Random House announced, via their website, that they were "honored" to publish the forthcoming memoir by the Duke of Sussex. The website stated that the book would be "intimate and heartfelt" and described Harry as one of the "most fascinating and influential global figures of our time". READ MORE: Meghan Markle tipped to launch new initiative to mark 41st birthday 'Out of her textbook' The Duke himself spoke about his debut as an author saying: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." He stated that he is "deeply grateful" to be given the opportunity to write the book. DON'T MISS The highly-anticipated memoir was previously due for release later this year, but, earlier this year, it failed to appear on the list of upcoming releases from its publisher. Speaking last month on GB News, Daily Express Online's assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth said: "It's supposed to be released in autumn. "On the marketing publishing list, we do see the books which are coming out but it's nowhere to be seen". READ NEXT: