 Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and her husband Prince William travelled to Birmingham this week for the fifth day of the Commonwealth Games. On Tuesday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were spotted with their seven-year-old daughter Princess Charlotte who was photographed smiling, cheering and laughing as she watched the games unfold. The young royal’s surprise outing marked her first public engagement without her two brothers.  Over the Platinum Jubilee weekend in June, Charlotte, nine-year-old Prince George and four-year-old Prince Louis played starring roles in the celebrations to mark Queen Elizabeth II’s 70-year reign. A significant final balcony appearance saw the monarch stand alongside her three heirs — Prince Charles, 73, William, 40 and George — in a move to emphasise what the future holds for the British monarchy. But the Queen and future kings were also joined by their families — Charles stood side-by-side with his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, while William and George were accompanied by Kate, Charlotte and Louis. As heirs to the throne, Charles, William and George’s royal destinies are set in stone from the moment they are born. READ MORE: Prince William will be unlike monarchs before him - 'greater capacity for warmth'  However, the so-called “spares” are often left to figure out their own path within the Firm, a fate that has often gotten spares of the past into trouble. Recent royal siblings like Princess Margaret and Prince Harry appear to have found it difficult to navigate their tricky roles as royals with no real endgame. And now, with the future heir and spares thrust into the royal spotlight, one royal expert has claimed that Kate and William will do their best to avoid the vicious cycle of the “heir and spare issue”. Pauline Maclaran, a Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research at Royal Holloway University, who has carried out research on the Royal Family, told Express.co.uk: “Prince George will clearly have his role carved out for him, but the other two won’t.  “So I think there will be an effort to try and avoid this ‘heir and spare’ issue that has gone on where the others feel that they haven’t got a role — and certainly the spare. The co-author of ‘Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture’ added: “It may be that they are encouraged to do their own thing away from the Royal Family, or be given more prominent roles.” Charlotte’s recent solo outing with her parents suggests that Kate and William are already making decisions to avoid the doomed heir and spare dynamic. Speaking on this week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, host Zoe Forsey said: “This is the first time we saw Charlotte at an official engagement without her big brother George.”  She added: “It very much feels like this year that they’ve [Kate and William] taken the step up and it almost feels as if they’ve waited for George and Charlotte to do it together, rather than just George doing it straightaway. “They’ve almost waited until there is a team of them, so they can talk about it I guess, which is nice.” Off the back of the prominent final Jubilee appearance, Prof Maclaran also suggested the idea of a “more collective” approach to the monarchy. She said: “A more collective approach could be quite popular. Why just have one figurehead? Maybe the emphasis will move more towards the family side.  “Particularly with the three Cambridge children, the emphasis could be less on the individual and more on the three of them. “Of course, constitutionally they cannot all be kings and queens, but I can see clearer roles for the three Cambridge children being thought out.” Prof Maclaran’s comments come ahead of the Cambridges’ move to Windsor. This summer, Kate and William are reportedly relocating from Kensington Palace in London to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor, in time for their three children to start their new primary school together in September.  The move is understood to be in part due to the Queen’s decision to step back from public duties as the focus shifts to Charles, Camilla, William and Kate. It also puts the family of five closer to other family members, including Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex, Carole and Michael Middleton and Pippa and James Matthews. Royal commentator Christine Ross told this week’s episode of the Royally Us podcast that she believed the Cambridges' move to the Windsor Estate would prove a “really nice experience” for the children as they will be surrounded by “lots of aunts and uncles, and cousins.” While the Cambridge children have been show-stealers on the royal scene this year, it is understood that their public appearances will not continue to ramp up, and Kate and William are instead keen to minimise the spotlight on the youngsters. According to royal commentators, the move to Windsor is believed to be a symptom of those wishes.