Mark Maslin, an author and professor of earth system science at UCL, outlined a “nightmare scenario” Britain could soon face in which a deadly heat dome sits over the country for weeks, maintaining the stiflingly hot conditions for longer. He explained that the same fluctuations in the Jetstream across the continent that pushed hot air northwards from the Sahara this summer could linger for longer over the British Isles in years to come. This summer’s scorching heatwave lasted three days and saw temperatures climb to a record 40.3 degrees, leaving in its wake a stretch of warm weather that led to a further, mini heatwave in August and a drought across vast swathes of England. In terms of temperature, it beat the 10-day heatwave in 2003, which saw a maximum of 38.5 degrees recorded, and resulted in 2,000 deaths, according to the Met Office. The July 2022 heatwave was caused by the Jetstream from the Mediterranean and North Africa bending upwards, bringing blistering temperatures with it. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Professor Maslin explained: “The Jetstream is like a snake going up and down. READ MORE: Water companies slammed for ‘making huge profits’ as UK dries out “When you put more energy into the climate system, you make it bend more northwards and southwards.” He added: “The more heat you have in the summer, the more likely it is that you’re going to pull the Jetstream northwards from the Sahara across the UK – and that’s what caused us the 40 degrees.” The obverse is also true: the Jetstream can bend radically southwards, bringing Arctic air and cold conditions further south than is typical. This, he said, was why Texas saw snow in February. Professor Maslin said the growing fluctuations in the Jetstream were largely due to how climate change was impacting the Earth’s atmospherics. He stated: “The more energy you put in the system, and the more extreme the heating is, the more it will move north and south. “And, weirdly enough, that also means when we got the Beast from the East – that was because the Jetstream basically plummeted southwards and we got Arctic air coming across from Scandinavia. So climate change does cause cold [as well].” What Europe faced in 2003 was a heat dome, Professor Maslin said, with temperatures remaining lethally high. As the climate grows more extreme, a weather event of that magnitude – and potentially larger – threatens to return. DON'T MISS: Incredible 113 million-year-old dinosaur tracks revealed after drought [REPORT]Octopus Energy hands lifeline to millions to save £840 on bills [REVEAL] Heat pumps: Huge new incentive could be offered [INSIGHT] A heat dome is when dry summer conditions cause a mass of warm air to build over land. High pressure from the upper atmosphere compresses the air downwards, creating a vicious cycle of heat. Such a phenomenon requires already dry conditions to take hold. However, large parts of Britain are in drought currently because of an unusually dry winter, and long, dry summers are expected to become more commonplace as the UK moves towards a Mediterranean climate. A heat dome could arrive over the UK through the same movements in the Jetstream that brought this summer’s record-breaking temperatures. Professor Maslin said: “Because of the energy in the system and how hot it was in the UK, that Jetstream was pulled northwards and literally pulled Saharan hot, dry air all the way up and dumped it over us. “We were very lucky that it only lasted a couple of days and didn’t end up sitting there, because some heat domes can sit there for weeks. “That’s the nightmare scenario: where you have one of these big bends [in the Jetstream], and because the heat is so much over northern Europe, it sits there.”