Everton are keen to secure their fourth signing of this week, with talks progressing well with Strasbourg striker Ludovic Ajorque. Frank Lampard has welcomed Conor Coady and Amadou Onana to his ranks already recently, though he is keen to bolster his squad further. The Toffees are on the cusp of re-signing Idrissa Gueye, who left the club in 2019 for Paris Saint-Germain. The Senegal international fell down the pecking order with the Ligue 1 outfit last season and has now been deemed surplus to requirements – and a low-price return to Everton is on the cards for the midfielder. Gueye is not the only player from France that may be Goodison Park-bound, with Foot Mercato reporting that Everton are discussing a move for Ajorque. They have spoken with Strasbourg about a potential deal, and those talks are ‘gaining momentum’. Signing a forward has quickly become a priority for Lampard following a recent knee injury to Dominic Calvert-Lewin that will see him sidelined for at least six weeks. Last season, Richarlison would have stepped up in the England international’s absence, but he joined Tottenham earlier this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Ajorque scored 12 goals and registered eight assists in 36 league appearances in the 2021/22 campaign, and he could prove a valuable asset to the Toffees if a deal is reached. It is reported that a loan deal with an option to buy is an option being explored currently, with the fee to make the move permanent thought to be in the region of £15.2million. Everton are yet to submit a formal offer for the 28-year-old, though there is the expectation that a bid will arrive soon and that the player ‘could be tempted’ by the prospect of a Premier League move. However, Lampard is keen not to put all his eggs in one basket on the striker front. His side are also interested in Coventry City star Viktor Gyokeres, though the Championship outfit are unlikely to entertain any offers for the Sweden international. Everton have also opened talks with Stade Rennes over a deal for Sehrou Guirassy, who scored nine goals in the Ligue 1 last season. And a deal for the 26-year-old is certainly on the cards as Rennes are set to welcome PSG star Arnaud Kalimuendo to their squad soon – who was also a Leeds target. It remains to be seen whether an agreement for Guirassy is reached though, with Everton keen for a loan-to-buy deal rather than a permanent move, as Rennes would prefer.