Thomas Byrne, Ireland's Minister for European Affairs, also had a dig at current PM Boris Johnson, whom he branded ”unpredictable” - as well as hinting at the possibility of “resetting” talks on Brexit. Mr Byrne, who is also Fianna Fail TD for Meath East, said it is "difficult to know" if Ms Truss or her Tory leadership rival Rishi Sunak would have a different approach to dealing with issues such the Northern Ireland Protocol, the controversial mechanism for preventing a hard border on the island of Ireland. Polls have so far indicated that Ms Truss is leading the race ahead of Mr Sunak comfortably. Mr Byrne told Newstalk's On The Record show he hoped Ms Truss will be her "own person" when it comes to Brexit issues. He said: "At the end of the day, the British still have legal obligations, they still have to do what they said they would do. "It's no doubt it is in their economic interest and that I think that is becoming clearer all the time. They don't want a trade war with the EU. "We certainly don't want a trade war with Britain. "But, at the end of the day, they will have to decide not to ratchet things up." JUST IN: Russia now 'on defence' as Ukraine puts Putin’ on back foot Mr Byrne also suggested Ms Truss has previously shown a "pragmatic and open-minded side". He explained: "I actually don't think the door for reset is closed. "Prime ministers, when they take office, naturally take on their own vision of where the job lands. DON'T MISSTruss put on alert as Rejoiner plot 'building at pace' [REVEAL] Sajid Javid: 'Truss has the right plan for the economy' [INSIGHT What planet are you?!' Sunak shouts down audience member in hustings [REPORT] "I don't think you can predict what any prime minister will do. “I’m not sure that as she gets into the job of prime minister that she will be as unpredictable as Boris Johnson was, because literally you wouldn't know what would happen week to week.” Mr Byrne said he suspected Ms Truss would attempt to “set a pattern”. He added: "I'd be hopeful that, overall, that pattern will be good, because what's the Tories are doing at the moment is not winning them electoral success, despite the fact that it appeals to a certain base. "But it doesn't appeal to the broad mass of the British public. “I think that they will look at this and say, 'right, where do we have to change tack?' "I think they need to look at Northern Ireland. They need to look at how the Protocol is benefiting Northern Ireland, need to look at how the instability in Northern Ireland which is caused by British government prevarication and how that affects not just Northern Ireland, which it does, but it also affects the image of the British government. "I think British governments and political parties have done well politically by championing peace because most people like peace, and people will vote for that."I think we can ever look at this and I hope that she will." Speaking at a Belfast hustings last week, Ms Truss insisted she would not accept any compromises on a renegotiated Northern Ireland Protocol as Prime Minister if it meant key UK demands were not met. She said: “I will not accept anything that does not deliver on the key issues I talked about.”