Sources close to the star, who is most notable for her role in the musical film Grease, revealed that the 73-year-old passed away: “After a 30-year cancer journey, she lost her battle to metastatic breast cancer.” In an official statement posted by her husband, John Easterling, Newton-John was at peace at her Ranch in Southern California this morning “surrounded by family and friends”. The star had previously revealed that the breast cancer she first had in 1992 had returned first in 2013 and again in 2017, this time spreading to her spine. During her battle with cancer, the star turned to plant-based medication, notably using medicinal cannabis. Believing that she would “win over it”, Newton-John even requested for Australia, where she grew up, to adopt the laws of the US state (where she lived) to allow marijuana to be used for medicinal purposes. Due to this and following her own cancer diagnosis, Newton-John became a prominent campaigner setting up the Olivia Newton-John Cancer and Wellness Research Centre, in Melbourne, where she hoped that with research better treatment would be found. “My dream is that, in Australia soon, it will be available to all the cancer patients and people going through cancer that causes pain,” she commented on the topic of legalising medicinal cannabis. After going through photon radiation therapy in addition to natural wellness therapies after consulting her own medical team via her Research Centre, both Newton-John and her husband, Easterline, believed that the star could overcome the cancer that had plagued her life once more. DON'T MISS: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may start to notice when waking up in the morning       The recognised charity Breast Cancer explains that the type of breast cancer that Newton-John had, metastatic, is breast cancer that has spread to another part of the body, most commonly the bones, lungs, brain or liver. These cancer cells travel through the bloodstream or the lymphatic system (the network of lymph nodes and vessels that removes bacteria, viruses, and cell waste). It is important to note that breast cancer can come back in another part of the body months and even years after original diagnosis and treatment. When this happens it is referred to as metastatic recurrence. According to the charity, nearly 30 percent of women diagnosed with early stage breast cancer develop metastatic cancer. The condition can also affect men, but with so few cases of male breast cancer, statistics are not as clear.  Although the most common areas of cancer to spread include the bones, lungs, brain or liver, other parts of the body can be affected as well. In Newton-John’s case, this was the spine. Breast Cancer notes that important symptoms of metastatic breast cancer can also differ, depending on the cancer’s location. Common warning signs and symptoms can include: For those who have a history of breast cancer and develop any of the above symptoms, doctors may recommend a series of tests to see whether the cancer has returned. For those who have never had breast cancer, the following tests may also be used to determine whether the cause is cancer or something else. For individuals with his stage of cancer, treatments often used include drug therapies, however surgery and radiation therapy can also be used. Treatment can often shrink tumours (or slow their growth), improve symptoms, and help some women live longer, but overall these cancers are considered incurable. 