Travelling abroad is rarely plain sailing. One anonymous user took to Mumsnet to share a particularly unfortunate airport disaster. One couple faced an absolute nightmare when trying to get through security on the way to Dublin. Held up for a "ridiculously long" time, the husband and wife were convinced they were going to miss their flight. To avoid this, the couple "sprinted" to their gate but when they arrived it was already being closed by a female staff member. The Mumsnet user's husband went hurtling towards the airport worker in a desperate attempt to catch his flight. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk However, this had dire consequences for the woman closing the gate. The Mumsnet user revealed: "She turned just in time to see him flying towards her and screamed “S**T!!!" He - accidentally - crashed into the women closing the gate and almost knocked her to the floor. However, he managed to catch her while explaining "breathlessly" that they had been stuck at security. This unfortunate interaction could have resulted in injury for one and a missed flight for the other, but luckily everyone got out unscathed. The airport worker opened the gate back up and called the minibus to come and collect two stragglers. She explained that the two missing passengers had arrived - "nearly [taking] her out in the process". While the woman was "mortified", the couple managed to make their plane. READ MORE: Hand luggage 'hacks' could save passengers money The airport worker took it on the chin and managed to find the funny side of it. Jokingly, she told the couple: "Jesus, I need a drink." Initially she had believed she was being attacked as opposed to tackled by a man late for his flight. The Mumsnet user explained that she apologised "profusely" for her husband, to which the airport worker apologised for swearing. But the couple's embarrassment did not end there; when they boarded the plane an announcement was made signalling their tardiness. She concluded: "Everyone looked at us. I have never forgotten it and I do laugh when I think back but Christ, he could’ve been arrested." The woman asked her fellow holidaymakers to share their own travel disasters. One user replied: "Luckily none that involve rugby tackling an unsuspecting member of staff to the floor, no."