As Elvis Week 2022 begins, 45 years since Elvis Presley died of a heart attack on the toilet at just 42 years old, Baz Luhrmann’s biopic is now available on home release to rent and buy. The King’s ex-wife Priscilla and his only child Lisa Marie Presley have praised the movie relentlessly, however, some close family members who weren’t invited to the Graceland premiere nor were consulted, have not minced their words. Elvis’ cousin Billy Smith, who knew The King before he was famous and is the last surviving original Memphis Mafia member, has posted a lengthy YouTube review of the biopic. In the first part he and his wife Jo, declared the movie to be an “insult to Elvis’ character” and claimed that the star would be enraged “at going down in history as someone so miserable from the cradle to the grave.” In their second video, they addressed the portrayal of The King’s parents Vernon and Gladys Presley which they were far from happy with, labelling those filmmakers responsible as “idiots”. Elvis’ mother Gladys died at 46 in 1958 of a heart attack, having been in ill health for some time. But in the movie, the main reason for her fatal demise is attributed to alcoholism – which is believed to have contributed to her liver failure. Yet Billy, her nephew, claimed: “It betrays Aunt Gladys by being such a downer in that movie. I got news for you: she was just a whole lot like Elvis; very upbeat woman. She laughed a lot and you couldn’t help but laugh with her.  Let me make this clear for the idiots that supposedly made her look like a drunk. Not to say she didn’t drink, she drank beer sometimes, never hard liquor. But she drank beer sometimes. But I never saw that woman even tipsy, much less drunk and believe me I was around her a whole lot…They made it look like Elvis’ career actually contributed to her death.” READ MORE: Elvis movie 'confused' Priscilla Presley with Austin Butler's role Billy continued: “Her health wasn’t very good for many years before Graceland…She was a fun-loving woman, she really was.” The couple shared how Gladys loved letting Elvis have company and crowds around for who she enjoyed cooking. On The King’s father, who is portrayed as somewhat timid in the movie, they said: “Uncle Vernon was not like that. He was a strong individual.” But there was one scene in particular that really maddened Elvis’ cousin. DON'T MISSElvis movie: Lisa Marie Presley’s tears of joy – 'Finally respectful' [LISA MARIE]Elvis: Austin Butler 'reduced to tears' after 'heckling' [AUSTIN BUTLER]Elvis movie ‘betrayed King, he'd be p***ed off’ declare close family [ELVIS COUSIN] The scene in question saw poultry inside the Graceland mansion. Billy, who said he was “getting depressed and emotional” talking about the Elvis movie added: “Chickens in the house? God Almighty, that’s really putting his mother and daddy down. They were country, but they were not Beverly Hills Hillbillies,  by no means!”