Russia began it brutal invasion of Ukraine more than five months ago. Thousands of troops have been killed and several major cities reduced to rubble. But Vladimir Putin's war effort has not gone to plan, with Ukrainian troops courageously fighting back against intense and continued Russian aggression. In the latest hammerblow to Putin, a Russian base in the Kherson Oblast in southern Ukraine has now been devastated by opposition forces, according to the Ukrainian Operational Command South. Video footage shared on social media appears to show thick black smoke rising from an explosion at the Russian-occupied base in Chornobaivka. Ukrainian Operational Command South said on Facebook: "The enemy continues to conduct hostilities along the occupied defence line. They have started to prepare an assault group on the Kryvyi Rih front. "It is probable that the enemy is preparing a counteroffensive aimed at reaching the administrative border of Kherson Oblast." Russian fighters had attempted "combat reconnaissance" under the cover of two tanks along the Sukhyi Stavok – Bilohirka line, but failed and retreated with losses, according to reports. But later that day, they launched another two airstrikes and two rocket attacks at Ukrainian positions. These were carried out from the temporarily-occupied territories of Kherson and Mykolaiv regions by helicopters and multiple-launch rocket systems. Mykolaiv came under further attack as two surface-to-air rockets hit the suburbs. But Ukrainian forces fought back, with an anti-aircraft missile unit in the Bashtanka district shooting down three X-101 cruise missiles. READ MORE: Chinese military exercises invade Taiwan Aircraft launched a trio of strikes of Russian strong points and one strike on a concentration of weapons and equipment in the Beryslav and Bashtanka districts. Missile and artillery units then launched an attack on the Russian-occupied base in Chornobaivka. Russia reportedly lost 20 troops in the strike, as well as two T-72 tanks, a Msta-B howitzer and another four vehicles, including armoured vehicles. In addition, Operational Command South also noted: "A boat derrick was blown up by an unknown device at the entrance to the Black Sea from the mouth of the River Danube at Bystre. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Kremlin 'panicking' about Putin health - 'body doubles' [LATEST]USA has faced down China but war now seems inevitable JONATHAN SAXTY [OPINION]Putin top mercenary KILLED: Wagner thug who 'adored mortars' wiped out [REPORT] "The crew has organised the fight for survival. The damage is not critical and there were no casualties. A port pushing vessel helped to return the crane to the main base point." Russia has a fleet of ships in the Black Sea consisting of 13 warships and boats sheltering in areas deemed safe from missiles. At the end of last month, the Operational Command South said Ukrainian Armed Forces had also destroyed an ammunition depot and a field ammunition depot in Chornobaivka and Bilohirka. The attack on July 27 saw 66 Russian military personnel killed, with three Russian T-72 tanks, three pieces of counter-mine equipment, two Msta-S howitzers, a Gvozdika self-propelled howitzer, a Sani mortar system, and a trio of other vehicles wiped out. Operational Command South said Ukrainian aircraft had launched five airstrikes on Russian forces. Two Ukrainian jets fired at three Russian strongholds, while pairs of helicopters struck two more in the area around the villages in Beryslav and Kherson districts. Ukrainian missile and artillery units had carried out a total of 271 firing missions on that same day, according to Operational Command at the time.