It is true the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has never previously raised rates by more than 0.25 percent in one go in its 25 years of existence. But the current Bank base rate of 1.75 percent is still astonishing low by historic standards. Until the 2009 crisis, the base rate had never fallen below 2 percent in more than 300 years. Last time we had inflation as high as it is now (11 percent on the old Retail Prices Index) was 1982. The base rate then? A shocking 14 percent. That is the harsh medicine administered to slay the inflation dragon of the 1970s and 80s. At the time it caused immense pain to homebuyers and businesses, and was damned by many as the “evil” policy of “monetarism”. But it worked. High interest rates in Britain and America brought inflation under control. If monetarism helped deepen the recession of the early 80s, it also helped bring about the golden age of relatively stable economic conditions that began in the mid-1990s. Might we need such drastic medicine again? Yesterday, the Bank admitted its previous inflation forecasts were hopelessly wrong. A year ago, it presented us with graphs showing the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) peaking this year at two percent – the target set by the government. In its quarterly Monetary Policy Report yesterday, it predicted the CPI will peak at 13 percent this October – the month in which Ofgem revises its energy price cap. The failure to foresee the inflationary surge is a shocking error on the Bank’s part. Indeed, you wonder why Governor Andrew Bailey is not under pressure to resign. But the failure of monetary policy did not begin with him. Interest rates have been held down far too long. When they were set at 0.5 percent in early 2009, we were told it was an emergency measure to prop up the economy in what was then the deepest recession in nearly a century. Yet the economy recovered, house prices began to rise, unemployment fell to its lowest level in under 40 years – and still the Bank held rates at the emergency level of 0.5 percent. At the same time, the Bank continued with its policy of quantitative-easing – a polite name for printing money. In the Bank’s defence, it was not alone. The European Central Bank and US Federal Reserve did much the same thing. But why did no one learn the lessons of history? Printing money has been associated with runaway inflation since well before 1920s Germany was brought to its knees by hyper-inflation. More recently, Robert Mugabe showed the horrible consequences of turning on the printing presses in Zimbabwe. In Britain we got away with quantitative-easing and ultra-low interest rates for several years because at first inflation was only evident in asset prices. Shares and house prices galloped up in value. It was pretty inevitable, however, that inflation would one day feed through into consumer prices. You can’t create money from thin air and expect it not to have serious consequences. The trouble is that the government loved ultra-low interest rates because it kept low the cost of servicing its huge debts. Low interest rates helped ordinary borrowers, too. People who spent like there was no tomorrow, maxing out credit cards, were effectively bailed out. But for savers, years of ultra-low interest rates have been disastrous. Put money aside and the real value of your savings is currently eroded by nearly 10 percent a year. Policy should have encouraged carefulness with money and discouraged recklessness. It was, after all, excessive borrowing that caused the 2008/09 financial crisis in the first place. Let’s hope interest rates don’t have to go anywhere near 14 percent this time. It would bankrupt businesses and lead to a wave of home repossessions. But there is little doubt rates will rise significantly higher than 1.75 percent. The Bank simply must fulfil its mission of keeping inflation under control – or else risk the kind of spiral we saw in the 1970s. And please, let’s never go back to the Alice in Wonderland world in which we have been living for most of the past dozen years, where borrowing money was virtually free and it was impossible to protect your savings from inflation. Wise savers deserve more than to have their savings raided to pay other people’s debts.