Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Taurus (Apr21/May21) Travelling on short notice can cause some confusion. Meetings and appointments must be scheduled, and some people will not be thrilled about it. They are irritable however, you're aware of your priorities and this shift in plan can't be averted. Gemini (May22/June21) It's a shock when a trusted acquaintance doesn't seem to be enthusiastic about your thoughts. It may appear as if they are avoiding their real thoughts about an issue that has caused some concern. Cancer (June22/July23) You don't know why people behave the way they do people around you. Some seem deliberately uncooperative and insecure. Some are incredibly reckless in their behaviour. Perhaps it's a general atmosphere that's leading everyone to feel demoralised. Leo (July24/Aug23) There's little time to unwind when constant demands from every direction will keep you alert. A neighbour or friend might ask you for help on how they can make their life easier. Don't take this as a joke, because they are actually asking for advice. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Discussions in the household can lead to important decisions regarding how you live and the new domestic routines. If you choose to make the first steps towards beautifying your home, you can use your imagination to brainstorm methods to help make the home more comfortable and welcoming.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Confidential issues are a cause of worry. This isn't caused by the conflicting working environment. The person you work with isn't lying to you and is making themselves appear to be a fool if they believe that you don't notice this. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) An effort of a group isn't going to provide you with much satisfaction if you're always in conflict with other team members. A job that is not completed is not the norm for you, however, you might have to break up some bonds. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Do not allow yourself to be in control of an issue that involves a spouse or a close friend. Someone close to you feels the need to have a more lenient hand than they normally do. They may not appreciate the advice you're trying to provide them, even though they are it is in their best interest. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) A former colleague's brash methods are beginning to bother you. They're in need of taking an inch or two and you're right in bringing a formal complaint. Don't let your anger take over your life. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) It's likely to appear to be red tape or other limitations that could create a deadlock in a legal dispute. Always remain aware that things might not be as simple as they appear. The best thing to do is to ask lots of questions. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You're poised to move higher on the ladder to success. If this involves accepting an elevated position prepare yourself for the fact that you will have to make business issues an important priority for a short while. Be aware that other people will be watching you be an example.