Meghan is likely to celebrate her 41st birthday privately today. However, her supporters have come together to express their admiration for the Duchess of Sussex by sharing personal messages and launching a fundraiser. Twitter user @magalidmathias1 said in a heartfelt message to the Duchess: "You told us to be kind to ourselves, to challenge ourselves, to tell people we love them and to tell it to ourselves back, that an act of service can be small or big but must be genuine. Thank you for being such a role model since I first saw you on #Suits. Love you Meghan, happy birthday". Sharing on the social media platform a picture of Meghan, @fotiosfrida said: "Happy birthday to this lady. A force for good. A kind, gentle, clever & compassionate human. She makes me think & strive to be a better person. Our beautiful Duchess of Sussex, Princess Meghan." Similarly, @luciaprincess8 said: "Happy birthday to the incredible, beautiful, intelligent, caring, Duchess of Sussex. We love you Meghan." @freepeeper wrote: "Happy birthday, Meghan. May this be the beginning of a great year for you." Twitter account @meghanpedia, which provides updates on the Duchess, wrote on the platform: "Happy Birthday to Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex, who is the essence of beauty & grace and more importantly, continues to inspire by staying true to her values and not being afraid to use her voice." In a second tweet, they added details to the fundraiser, which aims at raising money for Prince Harry's beloved charity Sentebale. The message explained this fundraising effort will encompass both the birthdays of the Duke and Duchess, running until Harry turns 38 next month. It read: "In honour of Duchess Meghan’s birthday & Prince Harry’s birthday next month, @sussexevent has organised a fundraiser in aid of #Sentebale, a charity co-founded by #PrinceHarry & Prince Seeiso, to help young people affected by HIV #HappyBirthdayMeghan" READ MORE: Kate adopted 'complementary' role at Meghan's wedding Launched only a few hours ago, the campaign has already collected more than £1,200. Fans of the Duke and Duchess have been particularly efficient over the past year in raising money for causes championed by Meghan and Harry. Most recently, between May 6 and June 4, the dates of the birthdays of Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, the Sussexes' fans raised more than £91,000 ($111.500) for the World Central Kitchen. This organisation sets up emergency kitchens in disaster-hit areas to provide meals to people in need and has been one of the first to partner up with Archewell, the organisation of the Duke and Duchess, following its launch in late 2020. Meghan was last seen in public in mid-July, when she accompanied Prince Harry to the United Nations headquarters in New York. The Duke, tasked by the Nelson Mandela Foundation, delivered a speech during a plenary session of the General Assembly on Mandela International Day. Following his keynote address, Meghan and Harry reportedly joined meetings with UN ambassadors. The Duchess was also spotted leaving the Crosby Street Hotel in Soho with her friend and feminist Gloria Steinem. Hours later, the Duke and Duchess enjoyed a date night at an Italian restaurant with a close group of friends. While it isn't known whether Meghan will decide to publicly mark her birthday today, brand and reputation management expert Eric Schiffer previously said it would be "out of her textbook" to use the spotlight provided by her birthday for a charitable endeavour. He told Express.co.uk: "She wouldn't be the first to want to shed attention from her birthday onto the plight of others and that's right out of her textbook today, that's in her playbook. "That's a tactic that goes back centuries for those in positions of power to bequeath their spotlight to raise up others." He added: "So yes, I can see Meghan executing in that way."