Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has the Glazers standing in the way of their attempts to make Benjamin Sesko their fourth summer signing, according to reports. The Slovenian is on the Red Devils’ radar at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo’s future is up in the air. And they’re not the only club in for the 19-year-old as the clock continues to tick down. Manchester United have seen Edinson Cavani depart this summer, with the Uruguay international leaving after two years at Old Trafford. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable, having last featured against West Ham in January, while Ronaldo’s long-term future is shrouded in uncertainty amid his desire to play for a Champions League team. With that being the case, United have set their sights on a deal for Sesko - with John Murtough recently holding talks with the representatives of the Red Bull Salzburg striker. Yet Goal say the Glazers ‘will need to be convinced’ that the teenager isn’t a panic buy. The Americans rarely interfere in footballing matters - but have in the past, when required. They blocked Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer from offloading the likes of Anthony Martial and Sergio Romero during their respective stints in the dugout. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And it’s claimed they ‘remain gatekeepers to United’s spending’. It’s claimed haggling over price tags have been an issue when it comes to the Glazers due to the time difference between the United Kingdom, Europe and the United States. This, it’s stated, has become a ‘source of frustration during negotiations’ and suggests it’s impacting United’s power in the market. While the Red Devils like Sesko, however, they’re said to be unwilling to meet Red Bull Salzburg’s £50million asking price. That’s due to the fact United didn’t originally have the teenager on their list of potential transfer targets at the start of the summer. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And whether they’re able to bring in a new forward before the transfer window slams shut on September 1 remains to be seen. They would, in an ideal world, bring in three other fresh faces as they look to win the Premier League title for the first time since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. A back-up goalkeeper is wanted to provide competition for David De Gea, particularly in the wake of the decision to loan out Dean Henderson. United want a right-back at a time where they’re open to offers for the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams. And they want a world-class midfielder, too, with Frenkie de Jong their main objective despite links to the likes of Ruben Neves, Youri Tielemans and Declan Rice. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Meanwhile, speaking recently, United legend Gary Neville slammed his old side’s transfer window so far. Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez are the club’s sole reinforcements despite their sixth-placed finish last term. And Neville said: "I would go back to Ten Hag and say I think he's had a really impressive start, a confident start. “And he's not been supported off the pitch by an operation that can get him the players he wants. "If you said to me two months ago that Manchester United would have Fred and McTominay in midfield and we would have Martial up front – who every Manchester United fan and coach had written off as being leaving… "I'd say that the manager has been given a pretty tough hand. All these clubs – Chelsea, they bring Raheem Sterling in. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "City bring in Erling Haaland, Darwin Nunez goes to Liverpool. "And then you've got Manchester United who basically can't get a player through the door." And he added: "The old failings seems to be there, in terms of not being able to get anything over the line. "Every Manchester United fan is a little bit tired of us. "I said this about Sancho and it's the same now with De Jong – it gets to the point where a signing that should be an excitement for the club drags on that long that actually in the end you actually lose excitement for the signing, it almost becomes a little bit of an embarrassment. "And it's still happening. So, I'm really concerned about the fact that they can't get signings over the line still." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.