Just 37 percent are very confident they could name their own blood type, while only a quarter (24 percent) know what their BMI is. And just 23 percent know what their resting heart rate should be. When it comes to identifying organs within the body, 63 percent reckon they could point out where the heart and brain is located. But only 22 percent could pinpoint the gall bladder, and just one in five could show where the spleen is. To put the findings to the test, residents in Manchester were quizzed on whether they could spot the correct organ, while others were asked about what blood types were real or fake. The footage also shows confusion about how body mass index (BMI) is calculated – with one passer-by admitting they know “nothing about the human body”. Dr Chun Tang, medical director from private healthcare provider Pall Mall Medical, which commissioned the research, said: “It’s important we all try to have a good understanding of what it means to be healthy. “Having knowledge about health allows people to make good choices when it comes to diet and lifestyle, and be aware of what to look out for when things might go wrong. “Our health is one of the most important things we have to look after, and it should be a priority for all of us.” The survey also found just one in five of those polled (19 percent) are completely confident they manage their health well. But a third are now less likely to call their GP regarding their health since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic. Not wanting to overwhelm the NHS (37 percent), worrying about waiting lists (32 percent), and not thinking their issue is serious enough (31 percent), are the main reasons people put off calling a professional. And a third of adults say that waiting for health test results was one of the most stressful scenarios – ahead of their wedding day (28 percent) and the birth of a child (23 percent). Worryingly, women are far more likely than men to call their doctors if they spot a sign of a possible health risk. In fact, only 50 percent of men, compared to 63 percent of women, would call their doctor if they spotted a sign of cancer, according to the OnePoll stats. Women were also more likely to call for a doctor on virtually all health problems – including lung problems (51 percent versus 44 percent), broken bones (39 percent versus 32 percent), and mental health issues (34 percent versus 24 percent). Dr Tang at Pall Mall Medical added: “It’s worrying so many people feel they aren’t able to reach out for professional advice when they could have a serious health issue. “Everyone should have access to the best possible healthcare, and not have to worry about the implications that might have on the service they are seeking out. “Having confidence in your own health can set you up for life, and takes a worry off your shoulders.” WHAT ORGANS CAN PEOPLE IDENTIFY?