Lewis Hamilton has confidently declared Mercedes are ‘definitely going to get a win’ in 2022 as the Silver Arrows appear to have turned a corner in terms of their cars’s performance. Mercedes and Hamilton endured a difficult start to the campaign but the seven-time world champion has found form recently, securing five successive podiums. Mercedes have improved after a rocky start to the 2022 season, with both Hamilton and teammate George Russell getting on the podium at the last two races. In fact, Hamilton achieved his second successive P2 finish last time out at the Hungarian Grand Prix. Hamilton’s attempt to bounce back from his 2021 championship heartbreak with another title challenge was derailed by the Silver Arrows’ earlier struggles, primarily with porpoising. The octuple world champions had struggled with severe bouncing as their cars have been rattling uncontrollably following the new regulations and car designs implemented for the 2022 season, rendering Mercedes uncompetitive when it came to fighting for wins. However, things appear to be looking good for Mercedes as F1 enjoys its summer break - and Hamilton is certainly raring to go. Speaking to Vanity Fair, the 37-year-old confidently said: “We’re definitely going to get a win this year. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton accepts he's 'not been perfect in the background' “That’s something I couldn’t have told you before the race. So it feels great.” The race Hamilton is referring to is the Spanish Grand Prix, where the Mercedes icon responded to an early puncture by fighting from the back to finish fifth. The Brit has insisted he and Mercedes will secure a win this season, and the recent performances suggest it is a likely scenario. The seven-time world champion has won a race in each year of his career since he made his debut with McLaren in 2007, and he is optimistic about taking the chequered flag this season. When asked about the chances of it happening in 2022 during a post-race press conference, Hamilton said: “I hope so. “That’s what we’re working towards. I think today there was potential for… I think this weekend, there was a potential for a win. DON'T MISSF1 saga takes new twist as Alpine boss takes fresh 'loyalty' swipe Schumacher honest about dealing with Haas boss after 'tension' commentF1 teams 'reach compromise' after Hamilton and Russell complaints “You saw George on pole. I think if we had both been up there, I think we probably could have worked a bit better together as a team. One of us would have had to support each other strategy-wise. But I think if we are able to take this pace into the second half of the season for sure we can start to fight with the guys. This is the first time we've been able to fight and battle with a Ferrari. That's huge for us. “I think the Red Bulls probably still are ahead. The fact that Max started 11th (sic) and spun and still was 10 seconds ahead says enough about their car but I think we still have made huge progress and huge steps. And so to have this consistency and two double podiums in these last two races gives us great hope and a huge push for the second half.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 28 after the four-week summer break.