Shetland left fans with a massive cliffhanger when season six ended in 2021 which will be followed up in series seven. The BBC One drama is going to finish off DI Jimmy Perez's (played by Douglas Henshall) story for good as it has been confirmed he won't be back for more. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the return of Shetland. Shetland was last seen in October 2021 and thankfully, there was no question on whether or not it would be back for more. The BBC had given Shetland a double renewal shortly after the release of series five, much to fans' delight. Shetland season seven will premiere on Wednesday, August 10, at 9pm on BBC One. Once again, the series is going to consist of six episodes in total with a new instalment airing every week in the same timeslot. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history Primeval actor Douglas Henshall will be back one last time in Shetland as DI Jimmy Perez before making his exit. Despite the series already being renewed for series eight, Henshall's journey will finish by the end of season seven. Henshall confirmed the drama was given a double renewal in order to give the creators "time to wrap up Perez's story to a satisfactory end". He will once again be joined by the likes of actress Alison O’Donnell as DS Alison 'Tosh' McIntosh, Steven Robertson as DC Sandy Wilson, Mark Bonnar as Duncan Hunter and Anne Kidd as Cora McLean. Yes, a trailer for Shetland season seven has now been released by the BBC. The start of the teaser indicates what the main investigation is going to be this time around. Jimmy is seen outlining the case to his team, stating: "I got a concerned call from a Rachel Cains, her son Connor hasn't returned home. "This is a vulnerable young man. For the family's sake, let's find him." DON'T MISS...England’s Alessia Russo details what was on Germany tactics note [EXPLAINER]Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series  [CAST]Shetland star Douglas Henshall quits DI Jimmy Perez role  [REVEALED] Season seven of Shetland will delve into the investigation of Connor who has gone missing, as teased in the trailer. However, there will be a bigger underlying story also playing out throughout this series. At the end of season six, Jimmy and Duncan Hunter (Mark Bonnar) were both framed for the murder of Donna Killick (Fiona Bell), the main villain in series four. To get her revenge against them, Donna implicated them both in her death, despite dying by suicide. As previously mentioned, this will be Jimmy star Henshall's final season of Shetland. So this makes the outcome of series seven even more unpredictable and could potentially result in his death. But only time will tell if Jimmy is going to get his happily ever after. Shetland season 7 will premiere on Wednesday, August 10, at 9pm on BBC One.