It has been more than three weeks since US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's controversial visit to the island angered China, who saw it as an attempt to interfere in its affairs. Following Ms Pelosi's trip, China conducted its biggest-ever show of force both in the airspace and seas around Taiwan, with the drills including ballistic missile launches. However, concerns that the superpower will spark a war with Taiwan are low among citizens in the self-ruled island. Wandering around Taipei, the sweltering capital city of Taiwan, the roads are busy as people go about their daily business. No one is hurrying to underground shelters, and there are no military checkpoints or signs of conflict. Avery, a barista at a coffee shop, said: "The younger people don't really think about it too much. But the older generation are worried." Taiwan has a population of 23 million and is located around 100 miles from the south-east of China. The island has its own constitution, armed forces, currency and democratically elected leaders, who say Taiwan is an independent country. But China, which is governed by the Communist Party, insists Taiwan is a breakaway province that will one day be "reunified" with the mainland. And President Xi Jinping has failed to rule out the use of force in efforts make that happen. Yet any aggression towards Taiwan almost goes unnoticed by the island's younger generation, according to Nicole Wei-Tung Ling, a youth activist in Taipei. The 18-year-old told the Daily Express: "Kids and younger generations have grown up in such a comfortable environment and believe that, due to geo-political reasons, the possibility for actual warfare is little to zero. Democracy also contributes to part of it. The China threat has been continued for over 50 years, so it is not that we are not moved, it is that we are used to it." In response to any potential invasion threat, Taiwan holds annual air raid siren drills throughout the island. They have been going for 45 years.  Its air force and army also complete military exercises and defence drills in preparation for any potential attack. Carey Chang, 25, a media teacher in Taipei, recently completed emergency medical technician training following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, admitting the conflict has increased discussions about preparations for any future war with China. She said: "Since the Ukraine war, Taiwanese people start to think if one day this happens to us, what can we do? Since then so many campaigns and activities and organisations had discussions with the citizens. Training groups show how to take care of others who are in a dangerous way." Yung-Chin Chou, 22, a columnist for Taiwan's Storm Media news outlet, believes the island's status as a technology giant could be a protective buffer from any future invasion. The Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company dominates the world's supply of computer chips. Mr Chou said: "Taiwan has faith in its security. Taiwan believes the countries around the globe will desperately protect Taiwan because the global technologic industries will be greatly compromised." 