The short clip shows the young Princess, 7, leaning forward and clasping her hands together - listening to the athletes across from her intently. Fans were tickled by her body language, which mirrored her father Prince William's as he sat beside her. The video, shared on TikTok, was captioned: "Like father like daughter, it is not a coincidence that princess charlotte was sitting there in an identical position to that of her father." The video, which has been viewed a staggering 1.2 million times and received more than 26,000 likes, left Royal fans gushing. Several fans noted how much she looked like her father, the Duke of Cambridge. One Tiktoker said: "So cute, she's like a mini dad here - beautiful Princess."  Another added: "She's the image of William from the side." One user said the video made them "proud to be British" while others called it "lovely". Princess Charlotte stole the spotlight at last week's Commonwealth Games and delighted onlookers and Royal fans at the event. To everyone's surprise, she even announced that her favourite sport was gymnastics. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'wants a clear-out' after latest 'big comeback' fail  The Princess has been increasingly seen at public events this year, particularly at the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. However, this is the first official public event where she has not been accompanied by either of her brothers Prince George, 9, or Prince Louis, 4. The young Royal flew to the games in a helicopter piloted by her father, Prince William, who is a trained helicopter pilot. Her mother, Kate, travelled to the event separately by train. DON'T MISS:Europhile shut down after bitter Brexit attack on Tory Brexiteers [REPORT]Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps [INSIGHT]Joe Biden stumbles on return from Covid as wife Jill comes to rescue [ANALYSIS]  The family reunited and watched the swimming heats at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre with Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex and their two children. After watching a hockey match, Prince William, Kate and Princess Charlotte met with young athletes and staff at SportsAid house. This is where the viral video of the Princess and her father was filmed. The Duchess of Cambridge has bee a patron of SportsAid house since 2013.The charity helps provide funding for young athletes and helps them achieve their full potential. 