The Death in Paradise star spoke candidly as he explained how he felt he was "special" and was brought down to earth when the promising parts of fame "didn't last" for him. The 42-year-old actor reflected on how he has changed since he found fame in the 1990s and admitted he faced "a blow". "Frankly, I thought I had all this stuff - my opinions are really interesting, and if only people would just acknowledge me a little bit more," he recalled while speaking on the Almost Famous podcast. He continued: "I'm f***ing funny, and I'm this and I'm that, and then suddenly, the show comes out and this fame hits. "And you're hosting the first ever GQ Awards and you're on the front of this magazine, you're on the front of that magazine. "And suddenly all your peers from school, not only have you blown them out the water, that has just faded into insignificance. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 "You don't even have time for that anymore. It's like, 'Bye guys, I'm busy.' "And actually it sort of confirmed what I always thought and suddenly I did think I was special, which is crazy to think now." Host Barnaby Slater asked the actor what it took for him to realise the realities of his career. Ralf credited the fact the high didn't last as his wake-up call. "It didn't last," Ralf replied. "It never does, it can't last. "Life has peaks and troughs, and so does fame, career, everything. "So I was like, 'yeah the world's hanging onto my every word, I'm really interesting, I'm this and that.' "So I was GQ Men of the Year Awards off the back of The Royle Family, and then Two Pints came out and GQ were like, 'No we don't really like that, we're not asking you back.' DON'T MISS... Coronation Street star Millie Gibson addresses Kelly Neelan exit [LATEST]BBC Breakfast host swipes at co-star caught using phone [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Craig Rowe details surreal element of job [EXCLUSIVE] "I mean... that's a blow!" Barnaby joked: "And you threw the table across the room!" "Yeah exactly, I unended a table," laughed Ralf. He went on: "So it didn't last. It is difficult to deal with - it's easy to lose your head when you become famous, like these young footballers, young actors - it's very, very easy." "You felt you were bulletproof and invincible, and then stuff started happening that showed that you weren't," Barnaby clarified. "Yeah," the actor agreed. "And I think I kept my head relatively well. "But I look back and... see, I still think I'm special on some level, because I'm like, 'If I struggled, imagine what it's like for other people.'" Ralf enjoyed a full stint on BBC comedy The Royle Family, which ran from 1998 to 2000 before special episodes began to air from 2006 to 2012. Ralf joined crime drama Death in Paradise as DI Neville Parker in 2020 and continues to front the popular series. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, while Almost Famous can be listened to on Spotify and other podcast apps. 