Ozzy Osbourne has branded life in the US “f***ing ridiculous” due to gun crime, revealing he is “fed up” of hearing about mass shootings. The Black Sabbath star, 73, has confirmed he and wife Sharon, 69, are moving back to the UK, because he doesn’t want to die in America. Ozzy and Sharon have lived in Beverly Hills for more than 25 years, but have previously revealed their plan to move back to England and also blamed it on the amount of tax they pay across the pond. They own a 120-year-old Grade II listed property in Buckinghamshire, called Welders House. And as the United States have suffered more than 300 shootings so far this year, Ozzy has had enough. “Everything’s f***ing ridiculous there. I’m fed up with people getting killed every day. God knows how many people have been shot in school shootings,” he told the Observer. READ MORE: TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son “And there was that mass shooting in Vegas at that concert … It’s f***ing crazy. And I don’t want to die in America. I don’t want to be buried in f***ing Forest Lawn.” He added: “I’m English. I want to be back. But, saying that, if my wife said we’ve got to go and live in Timbuktu, I’ll go. But, no, it’s just time for me to come home.” Sharon insisted their decision was not due to Ozzy’s Parkinson’s diagnosis. She explained America had “changed so drastically” in recent years and called it a “very weird place to live right now”. Ozzy recently opened up on his Parkinson’s symptoms, explaining that he hasn’t been suffering from shaking, a common complaint in those with the condition. “I don’t shake at all. My Parkinson’s doctor says, ‘I’ve got to tell you something, I’ve seen all kinds of Parkinson’s but yours is the mildest ever,’” he told The Sun. "I don’t even know how anyone worked out I had it in the first place," he exclaimed. Ozzy has also suffered nerve damage in his back after a quad bike injury in 2003, which was aggravated by a fall in the bathroom in 2019. DON'T MISS...Ulrika Jonsson asked surgeon for 'Kate Moss breasts' in reduction op [INSIGHT] Escape To The Chateau's Dick & Angel stun with 'grown up' pics of kids [PICTURES]Christine McGuinness says life 'changed dramatically' amid Paddy split [ADMISSION] One year later, he was diagnosed with Parkinson’s. He has since undergone two operations on his spine in a bid to reduce his pain - but the first one left him in “agony” and he almost needed metal bolts in his neck. “I was told, ‘You’ve got a good chance of being paralysed for the rest of your life’. You just don’t expect the surgeon to be a f***ing butcher,” said Ozzy. But his second operation, in June, was much more successful, as he found a surgeon who “knew how to deal with spinal problems”. Meanwhile, the famous couple have recently become grandparents again, as their son Jack recently welcomed his fourth child with fiancee Aree Gearhart. Announcing the happy news, Sharon wrote on Instagram: “Maple Artemis Osbourne, Born 7-09-2022. 7.13lbs. “Ozzy and I are over the [moon emoji]. @seecreature & Maple are happy and healthy! @jackosbourne fasten your seatbelt."