Louisa Brown led the appeal for workers to be treated with respect because supermarkets across the UK are "currently up against it" with high demand. Her post on Facebook group Aldi UK Shoppers received an overwhelming response, with other employees supporting her thoughts and shoppers sharing their concern. The long message read: "Yes, it's silly season. Every man and his dog has come out to play and visit the supermarkets. I'm not just on about my store I'm on about every supermarket, everywhere. To all that shop. "Spare a thought for the people that are working in this heat, to keep your cupboards stocked. Or just so you can pop in for an ice lolly. When we say we don't have a product we genuinely don't. The stock is worked, and worked again hours after. To keep it on the shelves for you. My staff are tired but yet keep smiling and pushing through. Because yes, it's our job but more importantly we have a passion and we actually love our jobs. "If there's a queue. Just queue. We will get you through as quick as physically possible. So waving your fingers in the air and scowling/abusing my staff, oh and generally being a moaner will get you nowhere. If I had more tills I would open them. Just remember you don't know the circumstances or what is happening behind the scenes. All I'm trying to say is be kind. Share that smile with a stranger. Just appreciate people, and remember that we are trying our best. "All the staff in every Aldi pull it out the bag every single day. We are currently up against it. But between us show grit, and determination. With a will to succeed. This is a recipe for success. Keep doing what we do people. #TeamAldi" More than 30,000 people in the UK work for Aldi alone and, as Manchester Evening News reports, some have become fed up of the behaviour of the minority of shoppers.  Replying to Louisa, fellow Aldi worker Claire Crichton said: "Well said from store #99. I am just about to start my shift for today and I won’t get home until 11pm tonight but will still have a smile on my face for my customers." Sarah Parsons, whose partner works in retail, wrote: "Well said, the shops have air conditioning but often storage and staff areas don’t do spare a thought for above reasons and conditions behind the scenes." Another woman posted: "You always work so hard under the pressure of management and customers. It's such a shame more people don't understand the constraints put upon you all. Your doing a great job." One retail worker wrote: "Perfectly said! I know how you feel, I work in retail and we keep smiling, say have a nice day and the verbal abuse still flows like the queues." 