BBC Weather's Keith-Lucas has forecast the amber warning heatwave to continue to build through Friday and reach a high mark over the weekend. The weatherwoman warned the high temperatures are likely to trigger "problems with travel and infrastructure" as well as heat-related illnesses. Ms Keith-Lucas told BBC Breakfast on Friday: "We are on day two of the four-day Amber extreme heat warning that's valid across much of England and Wales too. "We have got those temperatures building day on day they've already been above 30 degrees or this week, and I think we'll see the peak of the heatwave during the course of tomorrow. "But we have got a big area of high pressure and that's keeping things dry, settled keeping the weather fronts at bay just sitting across the far north of Scotland. "We've got that frontal system and we are hopeful that perhaps lower pressure may start to develop down towards the south later on Sunday, and then push its way gradually a little bit further north, potentially that's going to be bringing us a few showers into the course of next week. "But as we've got that high-pressure today keeping things dry and settled, we are going to be seeing a spell of very dry weather that's gonna be lasting for the next four days not just where you've got that extreme heat warning in force but also across much of the country as well. "So where we do have that amber warning in force we're likely to see perhaps an increase in heat-related illnesses as well as problems with travel and infrastructure as well. "Heading through the rest of today then strong sunshine for most of us just a bit more cloud for the north of Scotland and around some North Sea coasts as well. "But temperatures are going to be varying between the mid-20s in the north. To the mid-30s in the south, possibly 35 or 36 degrees in the hottest spots today. "Moving through this evening and overnight it's clear and dry and it's the peak of the Perseid meteor shower if you're hoping to spot a shooting star or two. But temperatures Saturday morning between about 11 to 18 degrees so reasonably fresh first thing Saturday but like today, those temperatures are going to shoot up once again in that strong sunshine tomorrow. "A little bit more cloud for some North Sea coasts and for the north and northwest of Scotland, with the odd spot of drizzle there but to dry elsewhere and it's going to be even hotter than today. "So temperatures the high 20s in the north to the high 30s in the south, 37 possible that's 99 Fahrenheit on Saturday, probably the peak of this current heat wave. DON’T MISS: 'You don't say!' Liz Truss has crowd laughing with Emmanuel Macron slapdown[INSIGHT]'Unwise' Prince Harry made crucial 'mistake' in UK row as Duke 'overplayed' his hand [REVEAL]'It should go now!' Leigh voters FURIOUS over Liz Truss broken Brexit promise [SPOTLIGHT] "But even into Sunday as well we're keeping the hot and the dry weather, a subtle change a few showers working going across Scotland and Northern Ireland perhaps the odd one, and a bit more cloud in the south later on. "But before they get there we can again see temperatures 36 or 37 degrees for some of us. "So that's how it's looking over the next few days then hot and dry certainly, but we are optimistic that we should see something a touch cooler and perhaps an increasing chance of seeing a little bit of rain as head through the course of next week."