Mital Mistry, from Redbridge, says he hugely enjoys helping families set up their WiFi and or with other tech issues, even if it only takes a few minutes. He joined Airtasker in November 2021, an online marketplace where people can get local help with everyday tasks. He said: “The ease of creating my profile is what made me want to use Airtasker. “The marketplace has everything I’m looking for – a quick and simple way to earn money and to help others in the process.” Mital, 31, previously worked as a management consultant for over six years before he decided to leave and go travelling before the coronavirus pandemic. When he got back, he wanted a job that paid the bills and also provided more flexibility. He had previous skills in tech support, helping his family and friends free of charge, and he realised he could make some money out of these skills. READ MORE: NatWest scam alert: Fraudsters pretend to be from bank or HMRC The handyman has many five star reviews with a 100 percent completion rate. Mital is passionate about meeting and helping people. He once helped an elderly couple who didn’t understand how to set up their WiFi router. While he was there, also set up voice recognition on their phone so they could use Spotify. Mital said: “I thrive off the joy of helping customers and solving problems, even if the task does only take me five minutes.” DON'T MISSState pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING]  He has also helped people set up their tech for working at home during the pandemic. Mital was also named as a Top Tasker 2021 for his work, where five talented workers were recognised for their outstanding work in London on Airtasker. Another Londoner spoke previously about how he has been using Airtasker to boost his income by £400 a month. Estate agent Leigh Givnan has been helping people blow up and maintain paddling pools during the hot weather. READ MORE: 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August His tasks included cleaning out an old pool that had been squashed up in someone’s shed, then blowing it up and filling it. He said: “It’s a great way to make the most of the hot weather and earn some money. “Loads of people would like a pool but just don’t have the time to put them up and fill them.” It takes him one to two hours to get a pool ready to use. He said the extra cash is a big help as he is looking to move home. He said: “I’m looking to move into a new flat soon so I’m saving up to kit it out with some brand new furniture. “I also have a young daughter and want to save for a trip to Disneyland next summer. “Being able to earn extra cash in my free time, around my full-time job, makes these things possible.”