Chelsea are working on three transfer deals as Todd Boehly looks to add some extra reinforcements to Thomas Tuchel's squad in the final few weeks of the window. The Blues have already spent over £170m on five new faces including Marc Cucurella, Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney Chukwuemeka and goalkeeper Gabriel Slonina. Yet the spending is unlikely to stop there with Chelsea still prowling the market for a striker, midfielder and defender. According to Fabrizio Romano, there are three deals currently in the works with Chelsea in discussions over several new transfers. Talks are on with intermediaries for Wesley Fofana, who so far has been the subject of two rejected bids as Leicester continue to hold firm. Chelsea are expected to chance their arm again with a third, improved offer which could be worth up to £80m. READ MORE: Chelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comeback The player is believed to be keen on making the move to west London, where he feels his chances of making France's World Cup squad will be enhanced. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is also being discussed as a target in attack having previously played under Tuchel at Borussia Dortmund. There are fears Barcelona could be forced to sell the frontman to make room within their squad ahead of the new La Liga campaign that gets underway on Saturday. Aubameyang only joined Barca in January on a free transfer after leaving Arsenal but now he is on Chelsea's radar READ MOREChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham dealMan Utd and Chelsea have potential transfer openings blocked after Barcelona development Tuchel needs a new centre-forward following the departures of Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner and a move for Aubameyang is seemingly in the pipeline. Finally, Chelsea are also expected to try again for Inter Milan youngster Cesare Casadei after already seeing an offer rejected. Nice are also in the race for the Italian with the midfielder expected to leave the San Siro this summer. Chelsea have been told £12m could be enough to get the deal finalised. Tuchel made it clear after the 1-0 win away at Everton on the opening day of the season that Chelsea were looking to add more players to their squad. He said: "If we can add, we will add. Maybe not necessarily midfielders as a first option but we are open for everything. "I hope to use new energy and fresh input to take us to a new level. "I think we could use some more input and some more quality." He said: "If we can add, we will add. Maybe not necessarily midfielders as a first option but we are open for everything. "I hope to use new energy and fresh input to take us to a new level. "I think we could use some more input and some more quality." 