Rafael Nadal has the chance to close in on one of Novak Djokovic’s records in Cincinnati this week, with the Serb unable to play as a result of his vaccination status. The world No 3 is making his comeback from an abdominal tear while his rival was forced to pull out of the Western & Southern Open after the US government failed to loosen their restrictions in time. Rafael Nadal is making his comeback from an abdominal injury Nadal is playing in Cincinnati for the first time in five years, making a last minute decision to enter the tournament after being forced to withdraw from last week’s Masters 1000 in Montreal when he felt a new bout of “discomfort” with his abdominal injury. But his long-time rival Djokovic will be absent, as a result of the rule banning unvaccinated travellers from entering the country. It gives the 36-year-old a prime opportunity to close in on the world No 6’s record of most Masters 1000 titles won. The pair were once tied, but Djokovic has since pulled away with 38 trophies to Nadal’s 36. And with the two-time Cincinnati champion unable to play for another crown this week, Nadal could win his 37th to narrow his gap with the recent Wimbledon champion and put himself just one title behind the all-time Masters 1000 record. JUST IN: Djokovic US Open row rumbles on as McEnroe blasts Biden over 'BS'  The 22-time Grand Slam champion has multiple incentives pushing him on in Ohio this week, as he can also regain the world No 1 ranking for the first time since February 2020 come Monday if he can win the title. Nadal would also need current top-ranked male Daniil Medvedev to lose before the quarter-final but is excited for the chance to play for the ranking. “It means a lot to me to have that opportunity. Something that I didn’t expect could happen again,” he said in his pre-tournament press conference on Sunday. But the 2013 champion is tampering expectations on his week in Cincinnati as he continues to feel out his abdominal injury in his first tournament since it forced him out of Wimbledon. DON'T MISS Nadal shares 'selfish' view on Williams' retirement with GOAT claimBrazil icon Pele sends heartfelt message to Haddad Maia ahead of finalEmma Raducanu gives verdict on 'last opportunity' to face Williams  Nadal is due to play his opening match on Wednesday night, receiving a bye into the second round to face either Borna Coric or a qualifier, and is hoping his first match in more than a month will answer some questions about his fitness. “Of course, I need some more days to analyse how things are going in terms of abdominal feeling,” he explained. “Because at the end of the day it’s more than one month without serving and without playing any set. So I need to analyse after every day that the abdominal is still okay with no feeling because, as I said, it’s a dangerous thing.” 