The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced they will be returning to the UK in a surprise visit next month to look in on "charities close to their heart" in Manchester and London. A spokesperson for the US-based royals said they were "delighted" to be coming to the UK. The trip also falls just a few days after the 25th anniversary of Princess Diana's death. Royal commentator Jonathan Sacredoti said people do have "sympathy" for Harry but it is "wearing thin" Mr Sacredoti added: "People do have some sympathy for Prince Harry and his situation, particularly knowing how hard it was to lose his mother as a child and have to grieve in public."But the couple has barely stopped criticising the royal family and causing controversy since they left. People’s sympathy is wearing thin." Meghan and Harry stepped down as senior royals in March 2020. Following the move, they were stripped of their royal patronages and honorary military titles. The couple relocated across the pond to Montecito in Santa Barbara where they now live with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Since leaving the Royal Family they have not shied away from the spotlight, taking part in several controversial interviews and signing lucrative deals with streaming giants Spotify and Netflix. The upcoming trip will mark the first time the Duke and Duchess have returned to the UK since the Platinum Jubilee. Mr Sacredoti said they could are "unlikely to get an easy ride" from the British public upon their return. However, he said the couple "seems very happy" in their new life. READ MORE: 'You can hear how heartbreaking it was for her' Meghan recounts fire.. Speaking on the possibility of a permanent return to the UK he added: "I can't imagine the circumstances in which they would return to the UK permanently but never say never. "They do seem very happy in America, Meghan especially seems very comfortable there and Harry in the interviews he has given seems very comfortable. It provides them a base where they can engage in the activities they want to according to their own rules." While no private visit to members of the Royal Family has been announced, Meghan and Harry have been tipped to stop to see the Queen if her schedule will allow it. DON'T MISS: Mr Sacredoti said the couple may have chosen to take the trip with the intention of seeing the Monarch. "They might have chosen to come now as it will give them the opportunity to meet with the Queen in London potentially if that is something she wants to do", he added. The trip comes at a busy time for Her Majesty as she prepares for a week of constitutional duties. Harry and Meghan will be in the UK on September 5, the same say day Britain's next Prime Minister will be chosen by Conservative Party Members.