Manchester United transfer chief John Murtough is due to meet with Adrien Rabiot's mother and agent, Veronique, in Turin on Friday. Reports indicate that the pair also convened on Thursday but progress was put on hold due to issues over personal terms, with the Frenchman supposedly holding out for big wages. United currently have a number of the Premier League's highest earners on their books including Cristiano Ronaldo, David De Gea and Jadon Sancho. Rabiot's camp may therefore spy an opportunity to land a healthy pay rise if his move to Old Trafford goes through, with a £15million fee already agreed. The hold-up since has supposedly been due to a disagreement on personal terms as United feel as though Rabiot's wage demands are too high. GOAL claim that Murtough and Veronique Rabiot met in Turin on Thursday but a number of issues remain unresolved. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano now claims that another meeting is due to take place on Friday with United and Rabiot's camp poised to come face-to-face again. JUST IN: Frenkie de Jong agents make Chelsea view 'clear' as Joan Laporta vetoed in transfer talks The prospective signing has sparked a mixed reaction from Red Devils fans, with some pointing towards his inconsistent spells at Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus. There is, however, a growing pressure on Murtough and Erik ten Hag to get a midfielder through the door after spending months trying and failing to sign Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. The need for a steadying presence in the middle of the park was highlighted against Brighton on Sunday when the Seagulls romped to a 2-1 win - their first ever at Old Trafford. Rabiot spent seven years on the books at PSG before signing for Juve in 2019, and he has 29 senior French caps on his CV. DON'T MISS...Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Yeremy Pino after promising £34m bidArsenal proven right over their own Fernando Torres as free transfer saga showsTottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo move With one year remaining on his contract, the Bianconeri are happy to sell this summer which is presumably why they didn't put up too much of a fight regarding the price tag. It remains to be seen if Murtough is able to make progress and negotiate an adequate wage for all parties after concerning signs developed over the past few days. United are expected to push for another midfielder before the transfer window slams shut, even if they successfully sign Rabiot. Prospects of signing De Jong appear to be slipping away with Barca still his preference and Chelsea thought to be his next-best option if he is effectively forced into a Premier League switch. Ten Hag has to balance a number of transfer priorities with matters on the pitch and he acknowledged after the Brighton game that he has a daunting job on his hands. "It is a hell of a job [before us]," admitted the Dutchman. "We have to work really hard, analyse and then move forward. Today was a good start and then after that we dropped down a level in belief and we made mistakes that the opponent punished. But it was a good opponent, we [tried to] work well together but when you make mistakes you get punished for that. "I knew it could happen but I think we should have done better – that is clear. But I know also it [improvement] will not come overnight."