Recent data from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has found that IHT receipts for last tax year came to £6.1billion. This is a sharp 14 percent increase from the previous year and an increase of £729million. For the 2019-20 tax year, the average inheritance tax increased by £7,000 from £209,000 to £216,000. Inheritance tax (IHT) can cost family and friends thousands when a loved one passes away – but there are ways to legally ensure that people are leaving behind as much as possible to their relatives when the time comes. “Planning is key – it’s never too early to do this,” an expert stated. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively Stevie Heafford, Partner at accountancy firm HW Fisher on how Britons can use their pensions in a tax efficient way. READ MORE: Savings alert: Bank launches ‘market leading return’ on account giving 2.10% “So if you have a pension pot but also other investments, it makes sense to utilise the other investments to defray expenses during lifetime (or even to make lifetime gifts) and leave the pension to be passed on tax free on death. “By way of example, if you have a pension of £100k plus cash of £100k and you draw down on the cash during lifetime, you would save £40k in inheritance tax.” It should be noted however that there may be some charges that come with passing on a pension. If someone has a defined benefit pension, any money to be paid to their beneficiaries will be as outlined in the scheme’s rules. READ MORE: Can double savings interest' - Britons urged to consider 2 'main things' to reduce tax Britons should check with the pension administrator to find out what their beneficiaries might be entitled to when they die, as the rules of each scheme are different. Pension administrator might pay a dependant’s pension to: The pension they will get will be a percentage of the pension they were getting (or would have got if the person died before their pension started being paid). Any income paid to a dependant will be taxed as earnings at their marginal rate. Ms Heafford continued: “However, there can be other tax charges associated with passing on pensions depending on the type of pension it is, how you are paid the pension and the age of the person who has died. “For example, if you receive a lump sum payment and the owner of the pension was under the age of 75 when they died, you will usually pay no tax. “If you receive a lump sum but the owner of the pension was over 75 when they died, you will usually be subject to income tax which will be deducted by the provider.” If passing money onto loved ones is important to someone, it’s worth reviewing where their assets are held to ensure they aren’t exposing more than is necessary to IHT. Britons are reminded that it can be worth considering speaking to a qualified financial adviser to understand their options. They will need to pay a fee for their services, but often their expertise in navigating the tax maze will actually save families thousands of pounds.