Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag snubbed a reporter during his pre-match press conference ahead of Saturday's trip to Southampton. The Dutch coach refused to answer questions from one Sky Sports journalist at United's Carrington training complex on Friday. Gary Cotterill was informed prior to the conference that he was not going to receive answers from Ten Hag after the reporter door-stepped him during United's final game of the Premier League season last campaign away to Crystal Palace. Despite this, the Sky Sports reporter asked questions anyway but Ten Hag refused to answer them. "I’m surprised," Cotterill said. "It was just two people doing their job but I’m assuming he was offended by it. The thing at Palace was him doing his job and not commenting and me doing my job and trying to get a comment. I’m only guessing that was the reason. I haven’t been told. You saw what was said but I don’t think it would be too much of a leap to assume it was about that." Ten Hag confirmed that Anthony Martial would miss the Southampton game after suffering an achilles injury, having come on as a substitute in the 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday evening, after the Frenchman missed United's opening two games of the season. READ MORE: Jorge Mendes 'trying to broker' Victor Osimhen swap deal for Man Utd and Cristiano Ronaldo "We will see tomorrow, the manager knows but you will see tomorrow. Anthony Martial is not fit," Ten Hag said. "He came out with a problem on his Achilles, out of the game. We have to wait, I cannot tell the prognosis, I hope he will be available for the next game." While the Dutchman also gave new signing Casemiro a chance of making his debut. "Casemiro is fit," Ten Hag said. "He did all the training sessions, he trained individually and the last days he trained with the team." READ MOREMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone callJorge Mendes 'trying to broker' Victor Osimhen swap deal for Man Utd and Cristiano RonaldoAjax set price for Man Utd to conclude Antony transfer deal despite Erik ten Hag annoyance  After bringing in Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia alongside Casemiro, Ten Hag has reiterated the need for more new signings but urged that the bar for incoming players is high. "We need players but we need the right players," Ten Hag said. "The whole transfer window, we are happy with what we did until now, but the bar has to be high." Ajax's Antony could be the next through he door with the club working a deal worth £80m. But Ten Hag, meanwhile, did also rule out three players leaving Old Trafford this summer in Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe and Brandon Williams. "We are talking about players who are not available," Ten Hag added. "I don't think they will go out in this window." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt