Barclays is seeking to protect Britons from being targeted, but a nefarious type of scam may not be all it seems. Sometimes individuals will be asked to help transfer money, and this could be touted as a way to make easy money. Alternatively, people could think they are helping out a friend or love interest, or maybe even being a Good Samaritan to a stranger. However, in doing so, Britons could find themselves defined as a money mule: someone who is asked to receive money into their account and then transfer it along - potentially for the proceeds of crime. The money mules themselves are considered to be facilitating money laundering - and this is a serious crime. Individuals are often offered a cut of profits, and their bank accounts used to receive fraudulent funds and send them on to the next ‘mule’ in the chain. READ MORE: State pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock As a result, offers of easy money or simply helping out should always be treated with caution. Being a money mule could have devastating consequences for those who find themselves involved, even if they were unaware of what they were doing. Barclays explained: “Handling money that came from illegal activity is a crime, even if you didn’t know what you were doing. “If you’re caught acting as a money mule, your bank account can be closed and you’ll have problems opening a new one. DON'T MISSState pension and more may be affected due to where you live [INSIGHT]Over 55s warned of 3 ‘hidden risks’ of tapping into pension [ANALYSIS]Millions of retirees 'trembling with anxiety’ - energy price cap soars [UPDATE] “You’ll find it very difficult to get credit - like a student loan, phone contract or mortgage. “You could end up with a criminal record and you could go to prison for up to 14 years.” Fraudsters are often making use of social media platforms to recruit their unwitting accomplices through “get rich quick” investments or exciting new “job opportunities” - both of which are not legitimate. Sadly, increasing numbers of people are falling victim to this scam, and new data from Barclays shows almost a third of money mules in the first half of 2022 were between 17 to 21 years old. READ MORE: Price cap rise: Can your energy provider cut you off if you don't pay? However, this is a sad state of affairs which could affect anyone regardless of age, so it is vital to remain vigilant. Barclays has offered five key tips to help people stay protected against money muling. Firstly, if one is being offered easy money, for example through a job advert offering higher than normal rates of pay, this should be approached cautiously. As a second point, individuals should always do their research to check any such offer is legitimate and contact details are genuine. If one’s bank account is being used to move money, particularly if the person is facing pressure, they should always talk to a trusted family member, friend or someone in authority. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Britons should never accept money into their account if they do not know where it has come from, or forward it on. If they are being asked to do so, Barclays states contacting one’s bank immediately can secure help. Finally, bank details or any personal, sensitive information should never be shared with a person one does not know. Ross Martin, Head of Digital Safety at Barclays, added: “Remember, being a money mule is money laundering and carries heavy consequence. “Make sure you do your research and check any job offer or investment is legitimate. Don’t run the risk of damaging your future.”