Newly released footage from the Ukrainian military showcases an extraordinary missile strike on Russian tanks on the eastern battlefront. In the video, the aftermath of the strike sees a huge mushroom cloud billow into the sky. The devastating attack went viral, as the tank blown up in the blast can be seen flying into the air above the cloud. The Defence Ministry in Ukraine tweeted: "No. This is not the launch of a spaceship. "This is another Russian tank reaching the finish line. Shot by #UAarmy." Nexta TV, which monitors the conflict, added:: "The General Staff of the Armed Forces of #Ukraine has published epic footage of the launch of #Russian tankers into space." @IanBruce joked: "Happy to see Russia's much-maligned space program is still alive and well." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry scramble to avoid 'embarrassing' empty crowds  @BilyanaLilly remarked: "A mushroom cloud of Russian failure." The video shows the stunning capacity of the Ukrainian military, which has received game-changing weapons from allies including the UK and US. On the weekend, the US announced it will ship another £655 million package of arms to Ukraine. This will provide long-range artillery ammunition which has already been used to devastating effect on Russian forces, according to a senior US defence official.  Ukraine struck another victory on Sunday when its military announced it had destroyed two Russian ammunition depots in the villages of Chornobaivka in Kherson and Starytsia in Kharkiv. This comes as part of the Ukrainian fightback to recapture regions that fell to Russia early in the war. However, there are fears among officials in Kyiv that Russia could use this week's celebration of Ukrainian independence day to attack. DON'T MISS: Putin 'struggling to sell war' after mounting sabotage attacks [VIDEO]'Union militants are putting the jobs of rail workers at risk' [COMMENT]Ukraine LIVE: Nuclear fears soar as Putin pounds city near power plant [LIVE BLOG]  President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned Ukrainians to be vigilant in the coming week. In his Saturday night address, President Zelensky said Ukrainians must not allow Moscow to “spread despondency and fear” as they mark the 31st anniversary of independence from Soviet rule. He added: “We must all be aware that this week Russia could try to do something particularly ugly, something particularly vicious." Government employees in Kyiv have been told to work from home this week out of fear of missile strikes. READ NEXT: Russia now 'on defence' as Ukraine puts Putin’ on back footPutin 'struggling to sell war' after mounting sabotage attacksNow is the time to upgrade your home to cut bills - Alexander StaffordUS Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity matchUkraine fires back over death of Putin ally's daughter 