The Russian strongman granted Lieutenant Colonel Olga "Kursa" Kachura, 52, the posthumous 'Hero of Russia' honour - the Kremlin’s highest award - after the 52-year-old was killed in a rocket attack on her car. She is the 97th known colonel to have been killed in Ukraine after Putin's illegal invasion of his neighbouring country.    The mother-of-two was killed instantly when a Ukrainian strike hit her car as she drove in the city of Horlivka, in the Donetsk region of Ukraine, according to local reports. The Kremlin website published the text of the presidential decree on Thursday, saying: “Colonel Olga Sergeyevna Kachura has been awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation (posthumously) for courage and heroism in the performance of military duty." Denis Pushylin, Head of the Donetsk People’s Republic, said of the award: “President Vladimir Putin signed a decree to promote Colonel Olga Kachura to the posthumous title of Hero of Russia in recognition of her courage and heroism in the performance of her military duty. “Her fearless military service deserves to be remembered and passed on to posterity the memory of the Hero of the Donetsk People’s Republic, Hero of Russia – Olga Kachura. “Today we see Korsa off to her last journey…” Olga was one of the founders of the militia of the Russian puppet state Donetsk People’s Republic, where she was a colonel and commanded a rocket artillery division deployed against Ukraine.  READ MORE: Putin's horror plot EXPOSED as he tries to blame POW slaughter on West She would often disguise herself as a member of regular Ukrainian forces to commit war crimes in order to discredit them, according to the Strategic Communications Department of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Horlivka's Mayor Ivan Prikhodko confirmed her death on his official Telegram, as he paid tribute to a "brave and wise woman". He said: “Today is a black day for Horlivka and the republic. A brave and wise woman who stood at the origins of the People’s Militia of the Donetsk People’s Republic tragically died. "Kachura Olga Sergeevna, the victorious and unwavering Korsa. DON'T MISSPutin diplomat's warning on what would lead to nuclear warfare [INSIGHT]Putin left 'quite embarrassed' as Russia scrambles for failure excuse [INFO]Putin's grip on EU laid bare as bloc hands Russia extra cash [REVEALED] “Guards Colonel, commander of the rocket artillery division, Honorary Citizen of Horlivka – all these titles and titles, people’s love and respect of her fellow servicemen are only a small part of her merits. “On behalf of all the people of Horlivka, I extend my sincere condolences to Olga’s family and to everyone who knew and loved her. It is an irreplaceable loss for all of us. "May our Heroine rest in peace and eternal memory."  Putin's ally and head of the RT network Margarita Simonyana also paid tribute, writing: “Legendary Korsa died in Horlivka... May she rest in peace… "The Chief [Putin] awarded Korsa the title of Hero of Russia. “That's how it's supposed to be. These are our common heroes.” Olga was a career police investigator before she rose through the ranks to become a lieutenant colonel before switching to the forces of Putin-backed separatists. She served in the 3rd separate motorised rifle brigade Berkut of the 1st Army Corps of the DPR, and commanded a Grad MLRS division in Horlivka. There were 140 gunners under her command.  Olga had held the rank of colonel in the DPR forces since 2015. She has been injured several times in previous attacks. It comes amid reports the Drama Theatre in Donetsk, where her funeral was being held, was hit by more Ukrainian strikes, reportedly causing several casualties. The ceremony was postponed due to the damage caused.