Limescale is a substance mainly made up of calcium and magnesium which is left behind when hard water evaporates. It produces a hard, chalky deposit and builds up where water is heated or left standing. It is most commonly found, although not exclusively, in association with hot water – for example in kettles and on taps and shower heads. However, it also builds up in less visible areas – the inner surfaces of pipes, in radiators, washing machines and dishwashers for example. The limescale content of water can be seen when dry by its white, chalky appearance and will generally form a crusty layer around the spout outlet or diffuser/aerator, the base of the spout and the body of the tap. It will also gather internally on the ceramic cartridge/valve, reducing the life of it over a period of time. Experts at tapsuk.com said: “The most simple and effective solutions to remove limescale marks and deposits from taps are home remedies, which are also better for the environment. “Although there are store bought products available, home remedies are kinder and more cost effective.” Here are the three ‘effective homemade remedies’ to remove limescale from taps. READ MORE: How to get rid of ants from your home - ‘effective’ solution Areas of limescale on your tap can be cleaned with a simple solution of equal parts white vinegar and warm water. The experts said: “Depending on how stubborn the limescale is you may only need to wipe the tap over with the solution or you may need to lay a cloth to soak on it for a few hours. “Either way make sure you wipe the tap after with a clean, damp cloth and dry it fully.” White vinegar is a great household cleaning product for a variety of jobs around the home. The acid in the vinegar helps to break down the limescale without damaging the tap. DON'T MISS:Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [EXPERTS]Four ‘effective’ and ‘natural’ ways to deter pigeons from your garden [TIPS]‘Worst’ mistake gardeners are urged to avoid - ‘plants will suffer’ [INSIGHT] The acidic nature of lemons provides antibacterial and antiseptic properties, which help to kill bacteria, mould, mildew, and even in some cases, rust. Lemons are solid cleaning agents, and perfect resources to clean away pesky limescale. The longer the limescale has been allowed to collect, the more time this will take to remove, so for “very stubborn” limescale the cleaning pros suggest using lemon juice. They said: “For very stubborn or thicker limescale deposits use lemon juice to soak affected areas overnight. READ MORE: Kitchen trends to ‘avoid’ for room to stay ‘timeless’ - ‘best options’ “For tricky spots such as the end of the spout or aerator place the lemon juice in a small plastic bag or cap and secure it around the spout with an elastic band or string, an old toothbrush may be helpful for tight areas like the base of the tap. “You will need to thoroughly clean the area with a soft, damp cloth afterwards and thoroughly dry them.” To get a brighter finish, soak the cloth in any remaining lemon juice and wipe it with this. A mixture of baking soda and lemon juice can also be used to effectively remove limescale from taps. The experts advised: “Mix baking soda and lemon juice to make a thick paste and gently rub onto areas of limescale. “Depending on how stubborn the limescale is, the paste may need to be left for a short while to break down the limescale deposits.” Once enough time has passed, wipe away the paste and clean the tap with a soft, damp cloth and thoroughly dry it afterwards. The cleaning enthusiasts urged homeowners to never try to scrape off the limescale. They said: “Do not scrape or pick at the limescale as this will cause damage to the finish or surface of the tap.”