The National Grid has doubled the number of emergency exercises, from two days to four, as they prepare for a number of difficult scenarios for the UK, including energy rationing. The practice, which is part of "Exercise Degree", will be wargamed on the 13 and 14 of September, as well as on the 4 and 5 of October. These increasingly intense exercises come as the whole of Europe prepares for a winter of hell as Russian President Vladimir Putin is poised to cut off gas supplies completely. The Russian leader has increasingly tightened natural gas supplies flowing into the EU which is heavily reliant on Moscow for energy. Even though the UK imports little from Russia directly, a gas-starved EU could push gas prices to astronomical levels and even risks major UK suppliers like Norway to redirect their flows to the bloc. In a briefing document, the National Grid said: "The aim of this exercise is to demonstrate that the gas industry is prepared and able to meet its obligations in the event of a Network Gas Supply Emergency (NGSE)." The annual operation was last held in September 2021 and only ran for two days. The National Grid noted that the company had made arrangements for this year's exercise back in January. During that time, a month before Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Putin had already begun squeezing supplies to Europe in a bid to exert political pressure on the EU. A National Grid spokesperson said: "Exercise Degree is the latest in a long series of annual exercises which go back to 1996 when the Network Emergency Co-ordinator role was created. "The exercises enable National Grid Gas, government, and industry participants to test the effectiveness of industry-wide emergency arrangements in order to prevent, and (if unavoidable) respond to a gas supply emergency. READ MORE: Sturgeon makes massive U-turn on nationalised energy failure "The Network Emergency Coordinator has an obligation to provide assurance to the HSE on the effectiveness of these arrangements. "The pre-winter exercises take place every year ahead of winter and have become a routine part of the energy industry's annual calendar. The arrangements for Exercise Degree were made back in January 2022." This comes as No10 insists that the UK won't face any blackouts or energy rationing concerns this winter, particularly as a fresh shipment of natural gas arrives from Australia. The Attalos gas tanker arrived at the Isle of Grain terminal in Kent, by the mouth of the Thames yesterday, making it the first Australian shipment of LNG to Europe in six years. DON'T MISS: Putin reeling as EU to SLASH his cash with new Cyprus gas [REVEAL] Archaeology breakthrough: Drought reveals wealth of finds across Europe [REPORT] Driver fury: Britons feel FORCED to make ‘expensive’ switch as ‘imp... [INSIGHT] A spokesperson for Prime Minister Boris Johnson told the Independent: “Households, businesses and industry can be confident they will get the electricity and gas that they need over the winter. “That’s because we have one of the most reliable and diverse energy systems in the world. “We have access to our own North Sea gas reserves alongside steady imports from reliable partners like Norway.” When asked if the public should cut back on their energy use, the spokesperson replied: “No," adding “These decisions, in terms of energy consumption, remain decisions for individuals.”