According to reports, Ukraine has accused Russian forces of deliberately shelling the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station and of having a “suicidal” plan to blow it up with mines. Russia has also reportedly launched artillery and missile strikes from the plant, using it as a "nuclear shield" as Ukraine are unlikely to retaliate due to the risk of a ­Chernobyl-style disaster.  Last night Moscow’s largest state-controlled TV channel gave air time to Yury Kot, the leader of Parus, a pro-Kremlin movement in Ukraine. Mr Kot claimed it is Kyiv and the West jeopardising nuclear safety - and urged Putin to be prepared to fire nukes at London and Washington. “We all understand very well that [Ukraine and the West] are concocting a fictional reality,” he said on Channel One. He continued: “We are dealing with the reality.  “We need to tell Ukraine and its supporting countries - Britain and America foremost…and make it clear. “If Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant is damaged and a disaster occurs, two missiles will immediately strike your decision-making centres. “One in Washington, the other in London. “Nuclear ones. And that’s it….there won't be any more talk.”  READ MORE: Devon cliff dramatically COLLAPSES into beach below But he was slapped down by another talk show pundit Aleksey Mukhin, head of Centre for Political Information, who said: “This would trigger the mutual destruction protocol, so I would honestly refrain from making such statements.” The UN's atomic watchdog warned the plant - with six reactors - is "out of control" and said Russia had "violated every safety principle" since seizing it in March. There are fears Vladimir Putin will use a disaster at the site as a pretext to deepen the conflict. Russia denies the charges and claims it is Ukraine risking nuclear catastrophe by shelling the plant.  DON'T MISS:Biden formally welcomes Finland and Sweden into 'indispensable' NATOLiz Truss vows to ‘scrap’ investigation against Boris over partygateMeghan’s ‘comforting’ hand gesture on Harry offers a glimpse