The First Minister, who earlier this week wrote to outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson to request an "emergency meeting" over the cost of living crisis, has in the past been heavily scrutinised over why she never had kids. While she revealed in 2016 she had suffered a miscarriage five years earlier, she went into further detail about her views on motherhood on Saturday. Mr Sturgeon, 52, said she felt it important to address the topic because as a woman, "particularly in a senior position without children", it is assumed "that you're a cold-hearted b**** that has decided to prioritise your career over having children". In her post since 2014, the Scot said her personal life has been subject to excessive scrutiny and commentary, adding that "men don't get that". READ MORE: Sturgeon's Scottish independence plot ripped to shreds as Tories prepare 'slam dunk' case In an interview with The Guardian, she said: "The perfect illustration is [Alex] Salmond. "I can't recall a single interview that he did in his entire time as First Minister or SNP leader about why he didn't have children." Ms Sturgeon has been married to fellow Scottish National Party (SNP) stalwart Peter Murrell for more than a decade. It isn't the first time she touches upon sensitive matters. Earlier this year, the SNP leader told The Shift, a podcast featuring women in midlife, he felt a responsibility to reduce the stigma of the menopause, saying: "I'm the first woman in this office and only here for a relatively short period of time, so If there are things you can do to try to move the dial a little bit, I've got some obligation to do that." She told host Sam Baker: "I've got windows open in the depth of winter; my poor husband is shivering. "I've thought to myself: what if that happens when I'm on my feet in parliament in the middle of first minister's questions?" Ms Sturgeon's comments came two weeks after she told MSPs her government wanted to stage a second independence referendum on October 19, 2023. The same question put to voters in 2014 will be asked, she said: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" But first, the UK's supreme court must establish whether the Scottish government has the necessary legal power to hold the vote on its own. DON'T MISS‘Meteorological mayhem’ set to rock Britain [FORECAST]WW3 fears: Iran ‘closer to nuclear threshold and atomic bomb’ [ANALYSIS]The REAL Liz: How Truss will focus on delivery [INSIGHT] In a statement at Holyrood, Ms Sturgeon said that if the court ruled against it, the SNP would make independence its only policy at the next UK general election, adding that such a move would make the election "a de facto referendum". In the 2015 general election, the SNP won 49.97 percent of the overall votes in Scotland but 45 percent in 2019. Ms Sturgeon told reporters: "The point I’m making is that Scotland cannot and will not be in a position where its democracy is a prisoner of Westminster intransigence. "People will have that opportunity to make their views known on independence and [we] will put that question at the heart of the election campaign." The First Minister's eagerness to free her country from London is believed to have risen during Mr Johnson's time in No10, with the Scottish leader leaving no doubt about her opinion on the Tory leader. Speaking in an interview with LBC's Iain Dale at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre during the city's Fringe festival, Ms Sturgeon described Mr Johnson as a "disgrace to the office of prime minister". Comparing Mr Johnson with his predecessor, the First Minister said: "I think perhaps uncharitably I described my conversations with Theresa May when she was prime minister as being soul destroying. "I look back somewhat fondly now on that." Ms Sturgeon said she and Mrs May "differed massively" in their political views. However, she clarified, the former prime minister "took the job seriously".