Mitch Baker (played by Roger Griffiths) is struggling to cope with the death of his estranged brother Avery Baker (Omar Lye-Fook) who he very recently reunited with not long before he lost his battle with cancer. However, as the day of Avery’s funeral arrives, will Mitch make a decision about his future in EastEnders? In next week’s episodes, the Baker/Taylor family prepare to pay their final respects to Avery. Mitch is mortified when Felix Baker’s (Matthew Morrison) drag persona Tara Misu arrives. But, at the wake Mitch realises his nephew honoured Avery with the decision. Will Mitch feel he’s failing his nephews and adding to their pain? Meanwhile, Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) is furious when Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ) turns up to the funeral late. Read more: EastEnders theory: New arrival rocks Walford as Mitch’s past explored He apologises but things go from bad to worse for Stuart when he forgets certain details for the funeral. Mitch is devastated and feels he’s let his brother down. After Tara gives a heart-warming tribute to Avery, Mitch and his two nephews head outside and release a dove in the father’s honour. Mitch initially struggled with the arrival of Avery as the estranged brothers hadn’t spoken for years. He was left floored when his brother collapsed and his two nephews arrived with the tragic news of their father’s terminal illness. Mitch will feel a responsibility towards Felix and Finlay Baker (Ashley Byam) but will he be able to cope with the pressure of guiding the two brothers through their grief as he deals with his own feelings of regret? Express.co.uk spoke to Bianca Neumann, head of bereavement at national bereavement charity Sure Ryder about the Baker storyline. Reflecting on how Mitch can support his two nephews, Bianca advised the character to “be there beyond the funeral”. She said: “Your presence at the funeral may be important, but don't just attend the funeral and then disappear, thinking they should be over their grief. DON'T MISSSam Womack reveals she has cancer in tribute to Olivia Newton-John [INSIGHT]Amy Mitchell EastEnders: Why has Amy been recast? [INSIGHT]EastEnders spoilers: Walford rocked by violent murder [SPOILER] “It’s important that you stay available for the weeks and months following, as there is no timeline on grief. “As no two experiences are the same, prepare for sudden waves of sadness, as well as waves of happiness as they remember the good times and all the emotions in between.” “Remember, living with grief eventually becomes a blend of life with the person who died, and living with the loss of that person too,” she added. However, as EastEnders fans will know quite often a character fails to understand their loved ones and reacts in a way that inadvertently hurts those around them. Will Mitch feel he is more of a hindrance than a help and move away from his nephews? He may feel it’s important for him to give the brothers space as he fears he’s only causing them more pain. Mitch wasn’t present for much of his nephews’ childhood and his blunders over Tara’s presence at Avery’s funeral could lead to him thinking Felix is better off without him. Will the Baker/Taylor clan be able to convince Mitch that he’s exactly what his nephews need? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm. Sue Ryder is creating a national movement of kindness around grief which promotes open conversations about bereavement. Find out more here.