Former Met Police Commissioner Lord Stevens has also spoken in a controversial new TV documentary of his “unprecedented” interview with Prince Charles and his “emotional” meeting with Prince William and Prince Harry. The peer, whose investigators produced a report of more than 11,000 pages for Operation Paget, now says: “I knew from the very beginning of this inquiry that it was going to be exceptionally difficult. The allegation was that the most popular woman in the world had been murdered by the Queen’s husband, along with MI6. “That’s serious stuff. It was obvious that 85 per cent of the population believed there was a conspiracy. “Even relatives of mine said someone’s murdered her.” Lord Stevens, 79, said “each and every allegation – every single one” of the 104 made, publicly and privately, was painstakingly investigated. This included DNA analysis of Diana’s blood to disprove the claim she was pregnant with boyfriend Dodi Fayed’s baby when she died. The peer adds: “The thing about the pregnancy and the details about Diana’s body were the most unpleasant part of what we did, to be frank.” Lord Stevens discusses Operation Paget in detail on screen for the first time in tonight’s third episode of the Channel 4 series, Investigating Diana: Death in Paris, to mark the 25th anniversary of the tragedy. The final episode airs tomorrow night.  He also tells of his interview with Prince Charles, during which he questioned the heir to the throne about Diana’s now-infamous handwritten note to her butler Paul Burrell in which she claimed “my husband” was plotting to have her killed “in a car accident”. Lord Stevens said: “I put questions to him that were noted down by Dave Douglas (a senior Operation Paget investigator). He denied being involved in any way, shape or form, and that was noted.” Mr Douglas added: “When it came to that note, the Prince of Wales couldn’t understand any of it. He was as flabbergasted as anyone else.” In a newspaper interview prior to the series, which has been slammed by some royal experts for “reopening old wounds”, Lord Stevens revealed he showed Prince William and Prince Harry his final report in 2006 before it was made public. “It was very emotional,” he recalled. “It wasn’t easy. There was anger around a number of issues, but the main one was paparazzi.” He added: “She was so popular, people find it very difficult to understand how someone like that could die in such an accident. “You will have certain people around who, whatever the evidence, will still think there is a conspiracy.” 