Rafael Nadal and John McEnroe were recently part of an exhibition event in New York that raised just over £1million to support victims of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Tennis Plays for Peace proved to be a huge success in the lead-up to the US Open, which officially gets underway on Monday. As well as Nadal and McEnroe, fellow stars like Iga Swiatek and Coco Gauff participated in New York alongside Olga Savchuk, who captains Ukraine's Billie Jean King Cup team. Displays of solidarity such as yellow and blue ribbons and the Ukrainian national anthem were followed by a mixed doubles event that wowed the crowd. Women's world No 1 Swiatek teamed up with 22-time Grand Slam champion Nadal in a match against American veteran McEnroe and teenage sensation Gauff. The latter wore shoes with the slogan 'Play for peace' and later said that she 'likes to speak out for what is right'. Nadal and Swiatek won the exhibition encounter before the Pole discussed how strongly she feels about the situation in neighbouring Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Nick Kyrgios wants US Open 'to be over' so he can 'go home' despite Aussie's Wimbledon run The likes of Felix Auger-Aliassime, Leylah Fernandez, Matteo Berrettini, Carlos Alcaraz and Stefanos Tsitsipas were also involved in the event which raised just over £1m. Russia's military assault on Ukraine has left thousands dead, forced millions to flee the country and cost billions of pounds worth of damage. Last week marked six months since the start of the conflict, which is the biggest Europe has seen for decades. A host of tennis stars continue to voice their opposition to the war which saw Russian and Belarusian players banned from competing at Wimbledon this year. The All England Club's decision caused plenty of controversy and it was condemned by Nadal himself, who said that it was 'very unfair' on behalf of the players who couldn't compete and branded the conflict 'not their fault'. Sergiy Stakhovsky, who retired from tennis earlier this year and fought on the front-line with Ukraine, hit back at the Spaniard's comments on social media. "Rafa, we competed together," he tweeted. "We’ve played each other on Tour. Please tell me how it is fair that Ukrainian players cannot return home? If anyone could please find a quote where Russian or Belarus players condemn the invasion in Ukraine? "Did they say that bombing major cities in Ukraine is a barbaric act? Did they condemn the invasion into a sovereign country? And don’t tag the “no war” or “stop war” [signs] because these statements sound like if the Ukrainians stopped fighting the war would stop. How it is fair that Ukrainian kids cannot play tennis? How is it fair that Ukrainians are dying?" Nadal, Gauff and a host of others involved in the Tennis Plays for Peace event are gearing up for the year's final Grand Slam at Flushing Meadows, with the Spaniard due to face Rinky Hijikata as his first-round opponent.