This is because the events of the last eight days have turned the gradual collapse of our police forces and services from something that should strike fear into the hearts of each and every one of us into a tragedy that defies parody. Let's begin by getting one thing absolutely straight. I have nothing but respect and admiration for the men and women who are brave enough to serve. It distresses me beyond measure that every time I call into question the direction in which our police are headed, letters are sent and my mailbox overflows with messages telling me I'm "anti-job". In truth, I am anything but and hopefully that explains why I've had the honour of hosting bravery awards for the Met Police in London for 11 of the last 12 years. What should trouble everyone is that, thanks to inept and spineless politicians and a cadre of new top cops who've never known what the job entails, our police has simply lost its way. And it's the innocent victims who are left to pay the price. A review of some of the events of the last seven days shows that the police have turned from being a force of law and order into a politicised wing of the local social services department. Criminals have lost any sense of fear of the police. How else can you explain events a week ago at a McDonald's restaurant in Nottingham, where around 50 yobs threatened the staff, robbed the tills and took off with armfuls of looted food while all the time filming themselves laughing and cheering in the process. They have no fear of any repercussions from the police. The same day in London two would-be thieves on scooters tried to smash the glass on a Bugatti super car (prices start at circa £1.5million) in what was believed to be an attempt to steal the driver's expensive watch. They were unsuccessful, but on the same day and under two miles away, two muggers did make off with the watches they stole from two innocent victims walking down a road in Knightsbridge. This in a city reeling from 67 murders to date, and recovering from the killing of an elderly wheelchair-bound busker. Last Monday in Liverpool an innocent nine-year-old girl was shot dead, reportedly by a hitman who chased a known gangster into a family home before opening fire. On Tuesday night, what seemed like gang warfare broke out in the Harehills area of Leeds as groups of men attacked each other with machetes. Quite a catalogue of crime. And we've not even touched on the burglaries, car thefts, assaults and drug dealing that have helped drive the crime rate in England and Wales to a 20-year high. Meanwhile, the percentage of crimes leading to a suspect being charged or summonsed has fallen to 5.6 per cent, an all-time low. Now, look at the picture above and the mind-numbing, gut-wrenching insanity of such behaviour should become plain. This was Lincolnshire Police at the city's Pride festival eight days ago - and is why I've described the situation as beyond parody. As the nation sinks to ever new levels of lawlessness and innocent lives are snubbed out, those who are meant to protect us are, literally, just dancing in the streets. Even more disturbingly, if you study the video the dancers are all "in sync" - so they've clearly been rehearsing! Instead of apologising for this lapse in professional standards, the coppers' boss, Chief Constable Chris Haward, doubled down: "Pride is one of the many wonderful community events we are there to police, but also to allow people to look behind the uniform and see who we are." That says it all. We don't want to see "behind" any bloody uniform. We want everyone to see a uniform they respect. This posturing oaf has risen to the top job endorsing this kind of virtue-signalling tosh, so why should those serving under him question any suggestion to take the knee, dance or "paint their fingernails to combat slavery" in the future? All together now... "Hey, Macarena." Seeming never to miss an opportunity to blame England and the Westminster government for just about everything, Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon remains remarkably quiet about the crisis engulfing the nation she supposedly runs. The Edinburgh Festival is world-renowned - and rightly so. But visitors this year have a new "act" to take in: a strike by refuse workers that has left mountains of festering rubbish to rot on the city's roads and byways. Locals also say it has resulted in a dramatic rise in the area's rat population. The bin strikes are set to go nationwide north of the border. This comes as figures released by the Scottish government show every resident in the country has received an average of almost £2,000 more from the taxpayer than the rest of the UK. This month is likely to have seen the highest number of migrant arrivals in small boats this year, with nearly 1,000 making the crossing in one day alone last week. August's record total for crossings in 2022 could end up at around 6,000. And around 22,500 people have crossed the Channel this year, double the number at the same time 12 months ago. Last week Home Secretary Priti Patel announced a "rapid removal" scheme that would see Albanian migrants - around 25 per cent of those currently arriving - "fast-tracked" out of the country and flown back within hours. It remains to be seen if that, unlike the Rwanda plan, will actually work. But something definitely has to. Former cricket ace Ian, now Lord, Botham gets his delivery absolutely right with his broadside at Left-wing anarchic protesters. Having had a recent grouse shoot disrupted, he says "what strikes me about all these protesters is that the reason they try to obstruct others is that they lack the intellectual and social skills needed to persuade". He also points out his companions are usually those with "extraordinary academic credentials" or "remarkably successful business leaders". He's spot on. When this rag tag bunch of eco-warriors appear in court, as well as having first names such as Jolyon or Alissia, usually the sum total of their education is a low level degree in golf course management from Bournemouth university.