Charlene White has paid tribute to Serena Williams, as the tennis champion has discussed her plans to retire. Loose Women star Charlene told Serena she “changed the game” in a heartfelt tweet. In view of her 65.2k followers, Charlene wrote: “You changed the game @serenawilliams. “Your impact, your determination, your resilience, your gift, your fight, your undeniable skill, and your talent will never ever be forgotten. “Good luck with the next chapter. Thanks Serena xx”. She was responding to a tweet by Vogue, which unveiled the athlete’s future plans. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning “In Vogue’s September issue, @serenawilliams prepares to say farewell to tennis on her own terms and in her own words,” it read. Serena, who has won 23 Grand Slam titles, unveiled her plans to eventually step away from the tennis world. She wrote: “I'm here to tell you that I'm evolving away from tennis, toward other things that are important to me. "It's the hardest thing that I could ever imagine. I hate it. I hate that I have to be at this crossroads. “I keep saying to myself, 'I wish it could be easy for me', but it's not. I'm torn. I don't want it to be over but, at the same time, I'm ready for what's next.” Serena is mother to five-year-old daughter Olympia, who she shares with her husband, Alexis Ohanian. When she won her last slam title at the Australian Open, she was pregnant with her first child. And the star revealed she hopes to have a second child, with the couple trying for another baby. DON'T MISS...Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [TV] 'Nipple popped out' Love Island star Ekin-Su's 'wardrobe malfunction' [PICTURES] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] This, she explained, was the reason for her year-long absence from tennis until Wimbledon this year. Fans hoping for a dramatic goodbye to Serena, whose sister is fellow champion Venus, 42, might be disappointed. She has insisted she doesn’t want a “ceremonial, final on-court moment” when she bows out. Serena added that she is “terrible at goodbyes”. For now, the mum-of-one is playing a tournament in Toronto Canada, and won her first match in 430 days on Monday after battling a foot injury. But when speaking to the press about her motivation to keep playing, she admitted: “I guess there’s just a light at the end of the tunnel. "I don’t know, I’m getting closer to the light.” She added: “I can’t do this forever.”