With Meghan Markle and Prince Harry planning a return to the UK and Prince William attending The Earthshot Prize Innovation Summit on September 21, tensions within the Firm may reach a "boiling point", according to royal expert Daniela Elser. She claims the Duke of Cambridge is on his own "PR land grab" which seems to mirror some of the Sussex's own plans in the United States. Prince William will attend the summit alongside billionaire Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York who made an unsuccessful attempt to secure the Democratic nomination to run against former US President Donald Trump in 2020. Ms Elser said: "Making keynote speeches about the environment? Buddying up to American philanthropic powerhouses? Swanning about the UN? "This is exactly the turf that Harry and Meghan have been trying, not particularly successfully, to carve out as their own." The announcement that the future King will attend the summit in New York comes following the news that Meghan and Prince Harry will be making their own trip to the UK next month. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Dugin 'suffers heart attack' after Putin's 'revenge'  Ms Elser said the timing of the two events combined with the "mystery" surrounding Prince Harry's new book could cause tensions to reach a "boiling point". She said: "That William is now undertaking a New York climate event of his very own, and with all the opportunities to flaunt his statesman credentials, may well only inflame family tensions further. "Whether entirely coincidental or not, this all feels like William not so much treading on his younger brother's toes but enthusiastically clog dancing over Harry's bare feet. "Between the Sussexes descending on London, William launching himself on the US market and the mystery of Harry's book all nearly simultaneously bubbling away, are things about to reach boiling point?"  There has also been speculation that Prince William and Kate Middleton may attend the second Earthshot Awards in Boston in November which could involve a wider tour of the US. The solo trip by the Duke of Cambridge next month will be the first time he has been in the United States since Meghan and Prince Harry set up their base in California in 2020. The last time Prince William was in the country was a three-day visit with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge in 2014. The summit is to be held on September 21 but it has not been announced how much time Prince William will be spending in the US. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Irish chief tells Truss to shun 'extreme Euro-scepticism' [LIVE]Sturgeon humiliated as plan to nationalise UK energy torn apart [ANALYSIS]How Princess Anne likely stays 'trim' - diet and exercise tips [INSIGHT]  The summit coincides with NYC Climate Week and the 77th Session of the UN General Assembly. The Prince of Wales' co-host, Michael Bloomberg, is also the UN Secretary-General's Special Envoy on Climate Ambition and Solutions. He said: "Accelerating the world's climate progress requires us to take urgent, ambitious action from every angle. "As global leaders get set to gather in New York, the Bloomberg team is working with our partners Prince William and The Earthshot Prize to showcase the most innovative climate solutions and help them spread more quickly." 