On August 23, Meghan released the first episode of her long-awaited Archetypes podcast. In the first episode, Meghan was joined by her friend, and tennis professional, Serena Williams to openly talk about 'The Misconceptions of Ambition', which is also the title of the episode. During the episode, the Duchess spoke about her time at Immaculate Heart High School, but according to Samantha Markle, who recently spoke to GB News' host Dan Wootton, the 41-year-old failed to make point out that it was their father who "paid for everything", including the school fees. Samantha told GB News: "She did bring up the fact that she went to Immaculate Heart." She added that the Duchess discussed that "they were empowered at Immaculate Heart by the nuns to be independent women. "But, wait a minute, who paid for Immaculate Heart. "That was all my dad." READ MORE: Princess Diana and Prince Charles: How their 'fairytale' marriage ended She added: "Let's face it, we are not in a vacuum. "There are others who help us along the way, who support us, who love us, who bring us up and who pay for everything that gives us a platform." Samantha noted that, especially in this case, "this was our father". READ MORE: Charles and William exclusion of Andrew 'has pushed York sisters closer to Harry & Meghan' Shortly before Meghan and Harry's wedding in 2018, the Duchess' father, Thomas Markle, found himself at the centre of a scandal involving staged paparazzi photographs. The incident left Meghan feeling "betrayed" by her father, according to her 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey. Thomas, along with Meghan's two half-siblings, didn't attend the 2018 nuptials. DON'T MISS Also during the 2021 Oprah interview, Meghan claimed that she had seen her half-sister for almost two decades and referred to herself as an only child. Samantha hit back at these claims by revealing a photograph, dated from 2008, of the two of them at her own graduation ceremony. Samatha has filed a lawsuit against the 41-year-old. Earlier this month, a Florida judge set a trail date for October 2023 for the defamation case. This will go ahead if the half-siblings fail to privately settle the tensions. READ NEXT: