A leading Brexiteer has claimed Rejoiners various gloomy predictions regarding Brexit are incorrect. John Longworth, Chairman of the Foundation for Independence, said on Twitter: “Such a shame for Rejoiners. “No predictions came out right. Record exports to the EU. “German economy a basket case. UK unemployment lower than the EU. “More and better trade deals. And now a hard line, pro-Brexit PM on the way.” His comments come after Facts4EU published research into the UK’s trade relations, which showed improving trade since Britain left the bloc. READ MORE: Ex-Labour MP slams Remainers over Boris Johnson and Brexit obsession The research, completed with the Department for Trade, found that international imports and exports inside and outside of the EU has flourished since leaving the bloc. The UK currently has trade deals with 71 non-EU countries, as well as continuing trade with each of the bloc’s 27 members. According to the research, the 71 non-EU nations make up £240billion of the UK’s trade per year. This amounts to 63.2 percent of Britain’s total trade. In 2021, the year the transition period ended, trade with non-EU nations grew by 16.5 percent. In comparison, trade with the EU still expanded, but only by 4.4 percent in the same period. The UK currently has 98 trade partners globally. Mr Longworth’s statement that unemployment across the bloc is higher than the UK is also true. DON'T MISSLiz Truss to hand Frost 'significant' role to get tough on EU [INSIGHT]Repealing bad EU regulation will put UK on new growth track [OPINION]'Shouldn't have left the EU!' Hospital worker slams Brexit over NHS [REPORT] In June 2022, the EU’s unemployment rate stood at 6.6 percent. However, the UK’s unemployment rate is considerably lower. According to the Office for National Statistics, Britain’s unemployment stands at 3.8 percent in July 2022. Mr Longworth also seemed to offer his support for leadership contest favourite Liz Truss, who is widely tipped to become the next Prime Minister in September.