Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has hinted the club are open to bolstering their midfield ranks after it was claimed they had made a promise to Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. The Netherlands international has been pursued by the Red Devils all summer. But it appears he’s still likelier to stay at the Nou Camp instead of moving to Old Trafford. Manchester United put all their eggs in the De Jong basket at the start of the transfer window and have spent three whole months trying to convince him to move to the Premier League. However, the 25-year-old has never concealed his desire to stay at Barcelona - having dreamed of playing for the La Liga giants ever since he was a child. In recent hours, it’s emerged De Jong has started to re-negotiate his salary with Barcelona. He wants to stay, and knows taking a pay cut is key to that happening. Sport said on Friday that United have privately informed the Netherlands international that, if he performs a U-turn, they’re willing to land him on the very last day of the summer. The transfer window is due to shut on Thursday, meaning the saga will be resolved one way or another. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers And Erik ten Hag, who previously managed the midfielder at Ajax, hinted on Friday that he’d be open to bolstering his ranks if the right opportunity comes up. When asked specifically on his options in the middle of the park, he said: “I think when you want to be I know in this moment we are not the world’s top, that is clear. “But the intention always has to be for United to look for better. So, good is not good enough, always go for better.” United have already bolstered their midfield by signing Casemiro from Real Madrid. And De Jong would be a world-class addition who would then slot into the team alongside the Brazil international, who is expected to make his debut against Southampton on Saturday. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him  For now, though, it still appears likelier he will stay at the Nou Camp. De Jong and his camp were said to be ‘upset’ that Barcelona ‘leaked’ his contract at the club could be illegal. They feel this was the Catalan giants playing games, putting pressure on their No 21 to leave for either United or Chelsea, who have also shown an interest. De Jong is said to be flattered by United’s interest and very grateful for their interest. And if he does perform a U-turn, then it’s possible he’ll make a sensational move to the Premier League on transfer deadline day. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United have left it late to seal several deals in recent years. They signed Radamel Falcao and Daley Blind on deadline day in 2014, with the pair arriving from Monaco and Ajax respectively. It was a similar case with Anthony Martial a year later, with the France international signing at time where Louis van Gaal desperately needed a striker. And, in January 2020, United signed Odion Ighalo on loan in the final hours of the window. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Barcelona boss Xavi recently praised the midfielder and opened up on where he feels the 25-year-old is best used. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I see Frenkie facing the game," he said, having previously used the Netherlands international as a centre-back during pre-season. "I myself, when I was a footballer and I had my back to the game, I didn't feel comfortable. “When he is facing the game, he is a spectacular footballer and you have to try to turn him around, to divide, who does it very well because he has a lot of power, he's physically strong and he has last passes. "I've always said that he's a player that I've always liked. I see him more as an inside player although he can adapt to the pivot position. “On the wing? I don't see it that much." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here