The Remainer tweeted earlier today: "Given that BOTH candidates for prime minister have explicitly said they want the rich to have more money and the poor to have less... Is it really surprising that so many people see going on strike as their only way to get paid fairly during this crisis?" In an effort to back up his claim, Mr Oluwole shared screenshots of two news stories, with the first headlined, "Liz Truss plan means lower pay for public service workers in poorer areas". Ms Truss scrapped a plan to pay workers in cheaper regions less than their counterparts in London and south east England. She insisted her policy had been misrepresented. The second story shared by Mr Oluwole was published on August 5 under the headline, "Rishi Sunak under fire for claiming he worked to divert money from 'deprived urban areas' when chancellor".  It came after footage emerged of Mr Sunak proudly telling Tory party members he had been working to divert funding from "deprived urban areas" towards towns. He told Sky News at the time: "I was making the point that deprivation exists right across our country and needs to be addressed and that why our funding formulas recognise that and people who need help and extra investment aren't just limited to urban areas." The former Chancellor unveiled a £37billion package of measures in May aimed at easing the cost-of-living crisis. Ms Truss has vowed to cut taxes to help households cope with rising energy prices, though critics say such a move would benefit the wealthy over the hardest hit.  READ MORE ABOUT A BRUTE WHO STARVED HIS DOG TO DEATH She also pledged to use an emergency budget to help the economy grow. The Foreign Secretary said in a statement issued earlier this month: "As Prime Minister, I'd use an emergency budget to kickstart my plan to get our economy growing and offer immediate help to people struggling with their bills." Mr Oluwole's tweet sparked a backlash on social media with Twitter users pointing out neither of the Tory leadership rivals "explicitly" said they want the rich to be richer and poor to be poorer. Twitter user Neal O'Kelly said: "Words have actual meanings. Neither has 'explicitly' said any such thing. Try harder."  DON'T MISS: Girl, 9, killed in Liverpool shooting named by Merseyside Police [LATEST] UK sees record number of Channel migrant crossings in single day [REVEALED] Uber driver nearly died when car smashed onto railway track [REPORT] Fellow Twitter user @exbrough chimed in: "The sore loser spouting his explicit unfounded drivel again." Matt Baker replied to the tweet, saying: "Can you please advise when, where & what they said as I can't find that anywhere. Thanks." Twitter user David Drysdale claimed: "This is typical Femi. Make something up then fake outrage at it." Gary Turner tweeted: "Again another BS tweet, they haven't said that, have they!"  Undeterred, Mr Oluwole tweeted in reply to a fellow Twitter user who said: "Do they think the poor don't vote? They, the rich ones, are the 1% minority after all." Mr Oluwole tweeted: "A) They just passed an Elections Act which means people without licenses & passports will be less likely to vote, which will obviously mean fewer working class people vote. "B) There's no general election for 2 years so they can enjoy those years in power and hope people forget."  The Government introduced a new law last year in a bid to crack down on the potential for voter fraud and intimidation. It includes rules requiring voters to prove their identities in a move critics said could deter some people from casting ballots. 