World champion Max Verstappen was summoned to the stewards following an investigation over an incident involving the Dutchman during practice at the Belgian Grand Prix. Verstappen is out in Belgium looking to extend his healthy lead at the top of the drivers' standings, with the 24-year-old currently a whopping 80 points ahead of second place Charles Leclerc. Following his outing in the second practice at Spa, the world champion was called into the stewards' room following an incident in the final moments of the session. Towards the end of the session, the pitlane was a crowded one with drivers heading out onto the track for one final test start. Verstappen - who proved the fastest out on the track on Friday - has been alleged to have breached 'Article 12.2.1 i) of the International Sporting Code' and 'non-compliance with Race Director's Event Note (Item 12, Document 3)' following his restart in Belgium. The FIA have since confirmed that the world champion has escaped the investigation with a warning following his infringement. The FIA confirmed in a statement: "The driver of car 1 passed a car that was in line to do practice starts and cut into the line to do a practice start, thereby not leaving in the order he arrived." The sanctions were confirmed by the FIA on Friday, with Verstappen taking new internal combustion engines, turbochargers and MGU-Hs pushing him over the power unit season limit. Verstappen's Red Bull boss Christian Horner has explained exactly why the team have chosen to take the power unit penalty, explaining the tactical reason to take the decision around the Spa track. Per Formula1.com, Horner said: "You look strategically at the calendar and we felt it was particularly tight to get to the end of the year with the engine allocation that we have, so then you look at the circuits coming up: Zandvoort, you don’t want to take it there; Monza’s actually harder to overtake than you’d think; Singapore, you don’t want to take it there; Japan’s tricky to overtake.  