Jeremy Vine caller Jhene branded Prince William and Kate "phoney" after arguing the royal couple "don't do any work." The row comes as anti-monarchy campaign group Republic brands the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's relocation to Adelaide Cottage "disgraceful" amid the cost-of-living crisis. Jhene told Jeremy Vine: "I used to like William and Kate. I wouldn't say I am a monarchist but I'm from a Caribbean Commonwealth nation. "They've been out of touch and all this kind of making us and forcing us to make Kate and William the god and the goddess is not working on me, okay. "They spent £32,000 on one car to take them to the James Bond premiere and you can find this in the sovereign grant report which I read. "Okay, William is going to New York for two days in the next month to talk about the environment when we have sewage, which he has not mentioned in our own backyard." "This couple is phoney," she added. "They don't do any work." It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to embark on the next major phase of their life by moving their family to Windsor, with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis all starting at the same new school. William and Kate will set up home in Adelaide Cottage in Windsor's Home Park, and the children will join the co-educational private Lambrook School near Ascot in Berkshire in September. The duke and duchess are seeking a life in the country away from the goldfish bowl of their official residence Kensington Palace in west London in a bid to put their children first and give them more freedom.  They had been known to have set their heart on outdoorsy prep school Lambrook, with its 52 acres of grounds, for their youngsters where fees will cost William and Kate in excess of £50,000 a year. The family will use the pretty 19th century Adelaide Cottage as their base after the Queen gave them permission to lease the four-bedroom Grade II listed cottage, which belongs to the Crown Estate. It was built for Queen Adelaide in 1831 and is nestled just a 10-minute walk from Windsor Castle in the private Home Park. Kensington Palace said in a statement that the duke and duchess were "hugely grateful" to Thomas's Battersea where George and Charlotte had a "happy start to their education" and were "pleased to have found a school for all three of their children which shares a similar ethos and values to Thomas's". Kensington Palace confirmed the family will be moving to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor's Home Park before the school term begins. A royal source said: "This is very much a decision that two parents have made to give their children the 'most normal' start possible. "KP can be a little bit of a fishbowl. "They wanted to be able to give George, Charlotte and Louis a bit more freedom than they have living in central London. "It's very much a decision that's been led by the kids. "DON'T MISS: Spain's King Juan Carlos 'essentially sold into slavery' by father in bid to return throne [LATEST]'Like phoenix from ashes' Harry to use book to 'rewrite his story' to become US leader [INSIGHT]Diana's 'shadow' still looms over Camilla as 'jury out' on Duchess as Queen Consort [ANALYSIS]