Jose Mourinho cannot offer any assurances that Nicolo Zaniolo will be staying at Roma beyond the transfer deadline amid reported interest from Tottenham. The Italian playmaker is believed to be in talks with the Serie A club over a new contract but that has not stopped Spurs from identifying the creative player as a potential target. The 23-year-old remains worth his weight in gold to Mourinho at Roma, where he netted the winner in last season's UEFA Conference League final against Feyenoord. His current deal is due to expire in the summer of 2024, sparking fears that Roma may have to consider offers in the upcoming transfer windows before his value begins to decrease. Spurs are already said to have made a loan bid that includes an option to buy that was waved away by Roma. Now former Tottenham boss Mourinho has spoken out on his hopes of keeping hold of Zaniolo - although he believes it's up to sporting director Tiago Pinto. JUST IN: Chelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap deal Spurs have already made seven summer signings in the form of Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison, Clement Lenglet, Djed Spence and Destiny Udogie.  The Portuguese said: “Zaniolo looks very sharp and physically agile, as it’s not easy for a player like him to maintain that intensity for 90 minutes. He deserves the credit for training hard and having the right motivation. “If he remains or not, that’s a question for the director, not for me. If you ask me, I’d love him to remain, obviously. He is an important player for us, a key piece of the puzzle to bring together all the characteristics of our players.” Tottenham are believed to be in the market for a new creative midfielder that could hand Antonio Conte the chance to potentially switch to a 3-5-2 system with a No 10 whenever he pleases. Atalanta's Ruslan Malinovskyi is another player that has been tracked by the club with Marseille also keen on the Ukrainian international. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd receive transfer domino boost from wantaway Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech Spurs have already made seven summer signings in the form of Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison, Clement Lenglet, Djed Spence and Destiny Udogie. More deals cannot be ruled out though particularly after Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso headed back out on loan to Napoli and Villarreal. The departures free up some space and funds within Spurs' squad and they are open to exploring further opportunities in the final stretch of the transfer market. Conte seems to be under the impression that in order for another player to depart, Tottenham must sign somebody. Harry Winks and Sergio Reguilon remain transfer-listed but there have been no takers for the exiled duo to date despite tentative interest. "We're okay. But if someone goes away, for sure another player has to come," Conte recently said. "Especially if some players want to go to play regularly. It's difficult to keep them here. "But at the same time, it has to be very clear that if a player wants to go play, I have to replace this player. This is very important. We need to have a squad capable to face a lot of games until November. This is very important for me." Tottenham are sitting pretty in the Premier League table after taking seven points from their opening three matches of the season...