Ivan Fedorov said more than 100 Russian soldiers had been killed in recent days using the US-supplied weapon, which is accurate at a range of up to 185 miles. In a message posted Telegram today, he said: "Today, high-precision HIMARS missiles fired at the points of temporary deployment of the occupying forces at industrial sites in various districts of the city of Melitopol. "According to preliminary estimates, a significant amount of military equipment was destroyed. “More than 100 Russian soldiers, who were in temporary barracks that night, received tickets to the Kobzon concert, and their parents are already choosing the model and colour of the Lada car." His mention of the car is a reference to a Ukrainian Pravda report during which grieving parents said they had used compensation money from the death of their Russian soldier son to buy a new Lada. Mr Federov subsequently told Newsweek that Russian bases targeted included an old plant which is being used as a military warehouse, and a former military airport on the edge of the city, occupied by Russian troops since the start of March. He added: "Last week, the occupiers redeployed a significant part of air defence from Melitopol to Kherson.” "Tonight is the most effective and shows that the existing enemy air defence units are no longer able to resist HIMARS. JUST IN: Putin in ‘tremendous difficulty’ in Ukraine as invasion stalls "The weakening of the air defence system creates the necessary prerequisites for a successful counteroffensive in the direction of Melitopol." He said: "HIMARS are helping us very much. Since HIMARS started working in Ukraine, in Melitopol, we've destroyed many Russian positions,. "They don't want to make war. They don't want to stay in Melitopol. DON'T MISSPutin Puppet exposes plan to snatch Ukrainian children [ANALYSIS]Ukraine foils Russian recon plot and wipe out 32 troops in Kherson [REPORT]Russian military positions obliterated by Ukrainian forces [VIDEO] "They want to come back to Russia but their generals say to them, 'stay, everything will be good.' But it's impossible for them to be good in Melitopol." Ukraine conducted long-range strikes on Russian troop bases and two key bridges across the Dnipro river overnight, Ukrainian officials said today. The strikes hit the only two crossings Russia has to the pocket of southern Ukrainian territory it has occupied on the western bank of the vast Dnipro river, said Natalia Humeniuk, spokesperson for Ukraine's southern military command. She said: "The results of the strikes are rather respectable, hits on the Antonivskyi and Kakhovskyi bridges.” Ukrainian HIMARS strikes also hit multiple military bases in Ukraine's Russian-occupied southern city of Melitopol in the early hours, killing troops and destroying hardware, the exiled mayor said. Ukraine's defence minister said two weeks ago that 50 Russian ammunition depots had been destroyed by HIMARS rockets. The Biden administration's next security assistance package for Ukraine is expected to be $1billion (£820million), one of the largest so far, and include munitions for long-range weapons and armoured medical transport vehicles, three sources briefed on the matter said on Friday. The package could be announced today, and would add to roughly $8.8 billion (£725million) in aid the United States has given Ukraine since Russia's invasion on February 24. The officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said President Joe Biden had not yet signed the next weapons package. They cautioned that weapons packages can change in value and content before they are signed. It would include munitions for HIMARS, NASAMS surface-to-air missile system ammunition and as many as 50 M113 armoured medical transports.