Roy Keane has urged the Manchester United chiefs to back new manager Erik ten Hag in the transfer window after the Red Devils’ 2-1 defeat to Brighton in their first Premier League game of the season. Pascal Gross scored twice at Old Trafford before United got one back through an Alex Mac Allister own goal, but Ten Hag’s side succumbed to defeat in his first game in charge.    United have brought Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia this summer and spent several months chasing Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong without success thus far, and Keane believes that Ten Hag needs to be supported with more transfers. "There’s huge issues there and that’s what we’re talking about, a rebuilding job,” Keane told Sky Sports. “He needs time. A bad start from today, give the man a chance. Give the man money, he needs to recruit, he mentioned before the game about culture, there’s issues at the top - there were more protests at the club from the supporters today. So big, big problem at United." United fans were out in protest of the Glazer family before the game on Sunday, who are upset at the club’s decline in recent years under the owners. Anti-Glazer protests featured green and gold flares, the colours the club wore when they were formerly known at Newton Heath, and a banner which read ‘fight greed, fight for United’. United have reportedly had to turn to alternatives to De Jong after being frustrated in their pursuit of the playmaker while Premier League rivals Chelsea also hold an interest in the Dutchman, and can offer him Champions League football this season. Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz has been mentioned as a reported target, but he has also been linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain. United will hope they are able to persuade De Jong to join them, as their midfield woes were further evidenced in the defeat to Brighton. Keane singled out two midfielders who he thought were "all over the place" in the first half when Gross got both of his goals. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join "The two in the middle of the park, all over the place,” Keane told Sky Sports. “Out of possession Man United are as poor as any team in the Premier League. "Man United look very, very fragile, same problems, question the personality in the team, the problem is out of possession they look so open. They started okay, great chance for [Bruno] Fernandes, he should hit the target. But after that, Brighton have been excellent, Man United gaps everywhere, so open it’s untrue." Eriksen was signed on a free transfer after leaving Brentford in the summer in a bid to help the midfield, but started up front in absence of Anthony Martial and Cristiano Ronaldo was named on the bench, but Keane does not believe the Dane will solve their defensive problems. “My biggest worry for players like Christian and the big problem for Man United in the last year or two is out of possession against better teams," Keane added. "So that’s not one of his strengths. A talented player but I’m not convinced but a good player." 