Manchester United's XI to tackle Southampton has reportedly leaked online. And it appears Erik ten Hag is willing to gamble by leaving Casemiro on the bench, despite the midfielder's £60million move from Real Madrid. Instead, the Dutchman is supposedly set to stick with the same team that saw off Liverpool last time out. Manchester United recently signed Casemiro from Real Madrid. But fans hoping to see the Brazil international from the start are set to be disappointed, with @TeamNewsandticks claiming the Samba star is set to start the match on the bench. Instead, United are primed to go with the same XI that put Liverpool to the sword on Monday night. That means David De Gea between the sticks, with the Spain international hoping to secure a first clean sheet of the season at St Mary’s. Diogo Dalot, Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane and Tyrell Malacia are poised to start in defence. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers In midfield, Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen will be deployed alongside each other with Bruno Fernandes playing further ahead. And, up top, Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga start either side of Marcus Rashford. United will be hoping to secure a second win of the season, especially given how impressive they were against Liverpool last time out. But they go up against a Southampton team who held them to 1-1 draws both home and away last season. It certainly won’t be easy for the Red Devils, who are hoping to qualify for next season’s Champions League. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And Ten Hag, when asked if United now need to keep their feet on the ground, has warned players they must produce results more consistently. "Of course we can take the confidence from that game,” he said. “When you beat Liverpool – I’ve said before that they were the best playing team in the world last year, then this is clearly a magnificent performance [from us]. “But also we knew the week before Brentford and again for this game [against Southampton] that it’s the same. “We have to learn from that [Liverpool] game and I’m really curious of what we will present [on Saturday], but I’m really confident that if we do the same as we did against Liverpool and we have the same attitude, fighting spirit and team cooperation then we have to win." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And he also opened up on Casemiro, too. Ten Hag added: "You can see immediately the impact that he can have so we are really pleased that he is here. “He’s talking Portuguese and the players who speak it will help him and he has already said he wants to learn English very quickly and that’s the way he is. “He wants to learn, he wants to adapt and he wants to perform. “And I’m sure he’ll do that really quickly so he can contribute to our success."