Queen Letizia, 49, and her mother-in-law Queen Sofia, 83, went to dinner together on Friday evening in Mallorca. On the previous night, the two Queens' hosted a dinner for authorities at the Marivent Palace in Palma de Mallorca. Queen Sofia was the Spanish Queen Consort between 1975 and 2014, before her husband King Juan Carlos I abdicated the throne.  Back in 2018, the two Queens were filmed having a disagreement about a photocall with Letizia's daughters Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia. Queen Sofía had put her arms around her two granddaughters as they posed for photographs at Palma Cathedral. Queen Letizia then stepped in front of the three, a move interpreted as an attempt to block the picture. Sofía resisted her daughter-in-law’s challenge by shuffling back and forth and clutching onto Leonor and Infanta Sofia even tighter. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  Letizia reached out to brush her eldest daughter’s hair from her face and, at the same time, appeared to push her mother-in-law’s arm away from Leonor. Queen Sofía put her arm back around her granddaughter, but after a brief exchange of words, Leonor removed Sofía’s hand from her shoulder. Several Spanish newspapers at the time branded the incident a fight, with the island daily Diario de Mallorca saying: “As is obvious from the footage, the situation was most uncomfortable for King Felipe VI, who tried to mediate as his father looked on with great surprise.” A body language expert suggested that Letizia and Sofia's relationship still seemed "frosty" on Thursday and Friday in Mallorca, four years later.  Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about their joint appearances over the last two days. She said: "If there is any bad blood between Queens' Letizia and Sofia, it looks as though Letizia is keen to mitigate it via this apparent show of intimacy and friendship. "She is seen posing in the midst of what looks like an intimate conversation with Sofia and even placing a hand on her arm to hint at a tactile and fond relationship." How did Sofia react to Letizia's "mitigations"? READ MORE: Princess Eugenie made changes to diet to lose 'body fat'  Judi claimed: "Sofia looks less involved in this display of family unity though. "Her eyes are down during the conversation. "She walks behind Letizia with a large spatial gap rather than catching up and having a relaxed conversation with no emphatic signs of status or pecking order." How does Sofia show her "disconnect"? Judi opined: "There’s a look of disconnect from Sofia in these poses. "This suggests a potentially distanced and even frosty relationship, despite their performed rituals that seem intended to suggest a natural and fond conversation." Queen Letizia became Queen Consort in 2014 after she married King Felipe 10 years prior. She gave birth to Leonor and Sofia in 2005 and 2007 respectively.