Manchester United were recommended four signings by Ralf Rangnick prior to his departure, according to reports. RB Leipzig pair Josko Gvardiol and Konrad Laimer, as well as Erling Haaland and Christopher Nkunku, were all suggested to John Murtough. With none of the quartet arriving, however, Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils would be lining up if they’d listened to his advice. There are plenty of issues at United. And while David De Gea’s distribution pales in comparison to Manchester City shot-stopper Ederson, the Spain international continues to be the club’s No 1. The former Atletico Madrid star has spent 11 years at Old Trafford and is one of the last disciples of the Sir Alex Ferguson era. United have loaned out Dean Henderson this summer, with the England international joining Nottingham Forest. So the No 1 jersey is very much De Gea’s to lose at the current moment in time. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative If United had shown a willingness to listen to Rangnick, they may have signed Gvardiol instead of Lisandro Martinez. The MEN claim the Croatia international was seen as a ‘must-buy’ by the German, having been impressed by his form for RB Leipzig. Yet United, ultimately, didn’t take Rangnick up on his recommendation. If he had joined, however, Gvardiol would likely be partnering up with Harry Maguire at centre-back. Diogo Dalot would likely still be in the team and there’s nothing to suggest United wouldn’t have moved for Tyrell Malacia at left-back. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Another player Rangnick thought United should pursue is Laimer, who has been at Leipzig since moving from Salzburg back in the summer transfer window of 2017. Alas, United aren’t keen on a deal right now with Frenkie de Jong and Adrien Rabiot their main targets. Had Laimer joined, he’d likely be partnering Fred in the middle of the park. And, playing ahead of them, would be Bruno Fernandes in the No 10 role. Christian Eriksen, Donny van de Beek, Scott McTominay and James Garner would then be option for the club to call on from the bench. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Rangnick saw Marcus Rashford toil under his guidance, which is part of the reason why he suggested Nkunku as a target. The France international won’t be leaving Leipzig behind, however, having recently penned a new contract with the Bundesliga side. Still, if United had acted quicker, the forward would feasibly be deployed on the left - with Jadon Sancho on the right. And, down the middle, would go Haaland. Rangnick felt United should have still tried to land the striker, despite their terrible campaign last term, and the German also felt it was time to move Cristiano Ronaldo on as well. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Before his departure, when speaking after a 4-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield, Rangnick called on United to sign as many as 10 new players. "There will be a rebuild for sure but that does not help us when we still have five games to play,” he said. "If you analyse the situation it is not difficult to analyse. “For me, it is clear there will be six, seven, eight, maybe ten new players. Before you sign those players you need to be aware how you want to play." However, his words haven’t been heeded - when they really should have been given how they’re already in crisis just one game into the new season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here