Married at First Sight UK returned for season seven this week and four couples have been matched by the relationship experts. In the latest episode, fans of the E4 dating show saw all of them jet off on their luxurious honeymoons, including newlyweds George Roberts and April Banbury. Producers predicted that they would be the "fairytale match of the series" but just a couple of days in and their romance is already on the rocks. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS UK. There seemed to be an immediate connection between dress designer April and financial advisor George as they met for the first time at the altar. Things got a little more complicated when he revealed he had four children and despite her uneasiness with becoming a step-mum, April wanted to pursue their marriage. They flew to Jamaica for their honeymoon and things were going swimmingly until she started to feel claustrophobic and asked for some space. George and April had a slight tiff about this but their issues were quickly resolved and went back to having fun together again. READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed However, it was a very different story the following morning as George was visibly upset while talking to the camera. Before tearing up, George said: "April has been intimate with someone else… I've been cheated on, f***." The moment wasn't caught on camera but George confronted his wife about what happened. April explained that she had passionately kissed another female guest at the hotel as a dare in a game that some of them were playing. In a separate interview, April joked that she thought men would love the idea of two women kissing. But seeing that her husband was taken aback by what she did, April apologised and reassured him that it meant nothing. George appeared to forgive her but having been cheated on in the past, will he be able to forget this bump in the road so early on in their relationship? April admitted before their wedding day that she had problems with being unwanted. DON'T MISS...Gyles Brandreth in takedown of Meghan 'Just an actress without Harry' [ROYAL]MAFS UK: What other dating shows has April Banbury been on? [EXPLAINER]MAFS UK's George furious with new wife April [REACTION] She said: "My issues that I have in my love life stem from rejection. "When I was eight years old my mum left and I felt so rejected by her. I felt, 'What did I do wrong? Why didn't you want me? Why didn't you love me?' "I was raised by my dad and my nan. I was lucky that I had the support of my nan. "She gave me everything and I felt so lucky to have her I always thought I was to get married then she'd be there. "Her passing pushed me to start finding myself again and I moved to London." Elsewhere, Thomas and Adrian had been bickering on their honeymoon almost from the very beginning with the latter calling his husband a "performer". They were able to talk through their spat and started enjoying their time away together but it remained frosty in South Africa for Whitney and Duka. She accused her other half of acting differently in front of the cameras, calling him "colourful". Meanwhile, Jordan and Chanita's honeymoon in Mauritius couldn't be going any better as they had a heart-to-heart on a sailing trip before dancing the night away together on a beach. MAFS UK continues nightly at 9pm on E4.