 Evil is done and dusted with for season three, after it wrapped up with a particularly horrifying cliffhanger on Paramount+ and Amazon Prime Video at the weekend. Once again, the vindictive Leland Townsend (played by Michael Emerson) was at the heart of the chaos, although it remains unclear what his actual motive is in causing it all. Nevertheless, series three of Evil has surely been one to remember, despite some difficult scenes to shoot for Emerson.    WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Evil. Evil star Michael Emerson exclusively opened up to Express.co.uk about which scenes he found most challenging to shoot from this third outing. He reminisced: "Often for me, the most difficult scenes are scenes that are physically challenging like there's a fight sequence [in season three]. "I always worry about them ahead of time, and I always worry about them with good cause." The scene in question took place in the series' penultimate instalment, entitled The Demon of Money. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation   The moment of which Emerson speaks of is when Leland goes to kill Grace (Li Jun Li) with a dagger provided to him by Sheryl (Christine Lahti). He goes to the rectory, kills the priest guarding her and climbs to her room, but before Leland is able to stab Grace, Monsignor Korecki (Boris McGiver) bursts in. The two men aggressively fight one another, so much so, that they end up falling down the stairs outside Grace's room. Leland flees visibly injured with a deep cut to his side as he limps off, but Monsignor Korecki is lying in a pool of blood and dies shortly after the incident.   This wasn't the only Evil season three scene that Emerson found difficult to film. He continued: "Morally or spiritually, I found that scene where we have Kristen's (Katja Herbers) husband in a state of deamination in our closet. "I thought that scene was hair-raising. Just a terrible idea, shocking and weird and evil. "Like who comes up with such a thing?" DON'T MISS...Sam Heughan in sweet tribute to Outlander co-stars ‘Whole gang' [TRIBUTE]Halo TV series: How to watch Paramount+ Halo show for FREE in UK [EXPLAINER]SEAL Team’s AJ Buckley shares peek at new location [CAST]  The grand finale of Evil's third outing came out on Sunday, August 14, and did not disappoint. The horror drama has been known to end with a shocking cliffhanger, and this one was no different. In The Demon of the End, Kristen was desperately trying to track down her missing egg that RSM Fertility had "misplaced". But in the show's final moments, it is revealed that her egg is in the hands of Leland, who uses it to impregnate a surrogate. Moreover, Kristen's mum Sheryl has aligned herself with Leland, but what will this mean going forward?    While Evil often leaves its fans in fear, there is no need for concern regarding its future. Evil has already been renewed for a fourth outing, so this story is far from over just yet. It is believed that the drama will be back for more sometime in the summer of 2023. Evil is available to watch on Paramount+ in America and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.  