Todd (played by Gareth Pierce) has turned over a new leaf in recent months on Coronation Street, following the trouble he caused upon his return to the cobbles. As well as making his mother, Eileen Grimshaw's (Sue Cleaver) life less of a misery, he has found a fond friend and co-worker in George Shuttleworth (Tony Maudsley) as the pair have been working together at the undertakers for months on the ITV soap. Unfortunately, this could all come crashing down around them as it's been hinted Todd could commit one of his worst betrayals ever seen on the show to ensure his pockets are lined with cash. Wednesday night's episode began with George receiving a visit from a man he thought was coming to arrange the funeral of a loved one. George was happy to help as he knew this would bring in some money for the business and so he invited the gentleman in. It wasn't too long before he was chucking the stranger onto to street however as George soon realised this was a man from a rival business. With the offer to buy the undertakers on the table, George was insulted at such a prospect and ended up getting into a fight in the middle of the road. Todd was unaware of how much money the company could be sold for and he was blown away when he discovered, which could have made the cogs in his mind tick. READ MORE: Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series As George filled Eileen in on his day, Todd came rushing into the house to confront his boss about why he wasn't going to sell. Todd asked: "Are you mad? They're offering you a fortune. £400,000." Realising this was almost half a million, George was adamant nothing was going to happen and turned the tables on Todd. "You've been rummaging in my bin," he remarked, with Todd telling him: "I shouldn't have to, you should confide in me." Knowing exactly what the young man was up to, George replied: "Listen to him, kerching, kerching, kerching. You were behind me before. You said I was a man of principle." "What's wrong with being swallowed and spat out? It's the way of the world," Todd stated, but this didn't satisfy George at all. "Well, it's not the way of my world. I will never, ever let my clientele fall prey to them bloodsuckers. Shuttleworths is not for sale," he said before storming out of the room. Todd has always had a mind for money and when he sees an opportunity to help himself to some cash, he is more than willing to take it. When George's sister, Glenda Shuttleworth (Jodie Prenger), turns up later this week, Todd could see his chance to see the undertakers. With his boss distracted by the arrival of his sister, Todd could phone up the rival business and pretend to be George. DON'T MISS...Alan Halsall weight loss: One of star's chosen ways to burn calories [ANALYSIS]Jack James Ryan bids emotional farewell to Corrie co-star amid exit [COMMENT]Jennie McAlpine weight loss: How she lost 2st and keeps slimmer figure [ANALYSIS] This would allow him to make the sale and also make sure the business put the money from the sale into his bank account. With the deal being George would stay on to run Shuttleworths regardless of the sale, he would have no idea what Todd would have done. By the time George would figure out what's happened, Todd could be halfway across the world with the money he has stolen. Therefore, Todd's villainous side would be back in full force as he only thinks about himself and not the impact his actions have on others. As all of George's hard work would be down the toilet, will he fight the sale or will he agree to hand over the power of the business to another company? Whatever happens, he would have the support of his sister, Glenda, who will keep him busy with all of her antics on the cobbles. Star of the stage, Jodie Prenger has been cast in the role of the undertaker's sister and she will make her first appearance later this week. Discussing her introduction to the soap, the actress said: "She’s a woman to be reckoned with. She reminds me a lot of my mother. "She’s fun and she’s sassy and she’s a bundle of energy. "She does come off a cruise ship and there’s a vibrancy with her which is just… she’s a dream to play," the actress continued. Executive producer Iain MacLeod added: "Glenda sails in fresh from the cruise ships with a whiff of the exotic, quickly making best friends and enemies in equal measure. "The character is loads of fun and has echoes of classic Coronation Street females of old. “Jodie is a fabulous talent and we are all very excited to have her aboard. She has felt very Corrie since the moment she stepped onto set and I think the viewers will love her.” Will Glenda try to hunt down Todd as she makes sure the villain pays George every penny back that he stole from him? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.