Queen Letizia of Spain was seen with her husband King Felipe, her daughters Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia, and her mother-in-law Queen Sofia, visiting the Paseo de Sagrera market in Palma de Majorca on Sunday. Queen Letizia, her daughters and her mother-in-law were photographed visiting a small local market and buying some traditional Majorcan products and handmade items. After that, the Spanish Royal Family were seen going for dinner at Beatbik Restaurant, in Palma. Last week, the royals spent a few days undertaking official engagements but the family is now enjoying a private summer holiday on the beautiful island. For the evening occasion, Queen Letizia opted for a beautiful pink dress and despite being in her private time, fans were very critical of her choice as many claimed it was "too short for a Queen". READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips  The monarch combined the summery printed dress from Zara with a pair of pink espadrilles from the Spanish brand Clooui. Letizia finished her look with a cute clutch bag from Feel Mallorca in pink and white. The bright pink dress left royal fans divided with many claiming it was "way too short" and more appropriate for her daughters. Instagram user @heidimariescott said: "This is…. Too short for a Queen or Princess.  "But wonderful for one of her daughters!" Another one, @graceofmonacogram, commented: "No, she is too old for this kind of dress... "This one would be perfect for Leonor!" Royal watcher @viv.cantu agreed saying: "I think she should let the daughters stand out. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "This outfit is perfect for her teenage daughters." "Much too short for a Queen! She is usually so elegant but with this, she looks like she’s trying way too hard," said @meredithbags. Social media user @2414_betty added: "I love her but I think she’s too old for this length." Royal watcher @kismet_kls commented: "She is much too old to be dressing like this.  "This and all the cutouts, it is tacky. Maybe she got a new stylist that secretly hates her???" However, others thought Queen Letizia looked fabulous as always. @rebpat1113 said: "Was it a royal engagement or a family out for dinner? If the later, I see no reason why she can’t wear a cute, short dress. She wasn’t visiting a hospice or opening a museum. She was out to dinner with her daughters #nobigdeal." Whenever they visit Majorca, for both official duties or private holidays, Queen Letizia and her family stay at the Marivent Palace, the summer residence of the Spanish Royal Family located near Palma.