The United States Tennis Association (USTA) has insisted that it could not have applied for a medical exemption to allow Novak Djokovic to compete at the US Open. Djokovic has been denied entry into the country over his COVID-19 vaccination status. It is the second time this year that the 21-time Grand Slam champion will not participate in a major over his strong vaccine stance. The 35-year-old was infamously deported from Australia in January ahead of the Australian Open. Djokovic is barred from travelling to the US as a foreign national who is not vaccinated against Covid. And he subsequently announced his withdrawal from the US Open ahead of Thursday’s draw. USTA were criticised by world No 343 Tennys Sandgren - who is also unvaccinated - as he believed they “didn’t try to get an exemption” for Djokovic. But the association has now claimed that they were unable to do so as the government was not taking third-party applications. JUST IN: Federer top and Raducanu sixth in tennis' top-earners leaderboard “The USTA was in regular contact with several departments within the United States Federal Government including the Department of Homeland Security, Customs & Border Control and the State Department,” a statement emailed to Tennis Majors said. “In all instances, we were informed that the US Government was no longer considering third-party applications for National Interest Exemptions. “Only NIE’s submitted by the individual seeking the NIE would be reviewed by the appropriate department or authorities regarding entrance of unvaccinated non-U.S. citizens. "This policy, instituted in October 2021, differed from the policy that was in effect during the 2020 and 2021 US Opens.” DON'T MISS...Novak Djokovic 'not a threat' says US Open star amid Serbian's absenceUS Open release 2023 statement after Novak Djokovic is deniedDjokovic concedes defeat and pulls out of US Open for Nadal advantage Djokovic waited until just before the draw to see if there was any chance he would be granted an exemption before pulling out on Thursday afternoon. Taking to Twitter, Djokovic wrote: “Sadly, I will not be able to travel to NY this time for US Open. Thank you #NoleFam for your messages of love and support. Good luck to my fellow players! I’ll keep in good shape and positive spirit and wait for an opportunity to compete again. See you soon tennis world!” Sandgren had said in an interview with L’Equipe: “Honestly, I didn’t think it would make a difference to Novak. But I thought maybe the US Open and the USTA would use this information to fight or appeal. “That the US Open doesn’t have a say or can’t communicate with the health authorities to help make decisions is ridiculous: this is an absolutely huge event for the state and city of New York. They have influence. I don’t know if it would have been enough, we’ll never know: they didn’t even try!”