TalkTV presenter Mike Graham ripped into the Duke of Sussex during a heated debate on Friday night's instalment of The Talk. He and the panel locked horns over whether Prince Harry would come back to the UK in the future with or without Meghan Markle when Prince Charles is king. Mike went on to claim Prince Harry "can't handle" family disputes as well as his brother Prince William in a fierce rant. Mike began: "It's Harry and Meghan time because Megxit may have been a watershed moment for the royals, but could Harry one day return to the firm on his own?" He added: "I think he will come back because I have always believed Prince Harry will realise he's made a terrible mistake and moved away from the family who has raised him and moved away from the life he knows. "He's become this celebrity in Hollywood and he is living with Meghan who seems to pull all the strings around him and tell him how to behave and what to say and what to do." "Gone is the Prince Harry of the Army," Mike continued. "He's a baby because he doesn't seem to have any of the things he had when he met Meghan and he's lost all of that." READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview  He later added: "Prince William was also the son of Diana and he seems to have been able to handle it, but Harry is a baby, he's a baby." JJ Anisiobi reminded Mike the public did not warm to Kate Middleton when she first started courting Prince William. "They said she was too common for royal blood," JJ added before the panellists clashed over the Duchess of Cambridge. Author Jenni Murraychimed in: "It's always the second brother who is a little bit wilder than the first whether you are a prince or not, I think."   The panel also discussed Diana's alleged "problems" with members of the Royal Family when she was alive. Diana was under the glare of the spotlight from the moment she started dating Prince Charles and was hounded by the paparazzi from then onwards. Guest Henry Bonsu said: "This might be making Harry think, 'That's not going to happen to my wife or my children.'" DON'T MISS...‘Hash it out behind the scenes’ Queen hopes to resolve Sussex row [LATEST]Dr Shola RAGES at Royal Family as Andrew keeping security [ROYALS]'All for nothing!' Harry and Meghan warned lawsuits 'bring more harm' [INTERVIEW] The conversation comes in the wake of Harry being warned against writing a tell-all memoir about his life. Harry and Meghan stepped down as senior royals and moved to California two years ago and have continued to distance themselves from the monarchy. Since their royal exit, the Sussexes have made some controversial comments about the Royal Family. During the couple's infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey, Meghan claimed there were "concerns" over the colour of her son Archie's skin before he was born.  Harry told Oprah it was a conversation he would never share before admitting he was "shocked". Meghan also shared she had suicidal thoughts while she was a senior royal in the bombshell interview. However, the couple returned to the UK to be part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. The Talk airs on TalkTV on weeknights at 9pm. 