With the BBC show having success with same-sex couples competing in the past, bosses have confirmed that Radio 2 presenter Richie Anderson will be taking part in an all-male pairing in the new series of Strictly Come Dancing. Although with talks that he may be dancing with reigning champ Giovanni Pernice, a 'fix' row is erupting.  The 31-year-old stormed the competition last year with actress Rose as they beat runners-up John Whaite and his partner Johannes Radebe. However, as reports emerge that he’ll be competing in this year’s series in a same-sex paring other professional dancers are apparently not pleased. Giovanni has been engulfed in a favouritism row with some of his colleagues who believe he’ll ‘sail’ through each week and reach the final once again. Bosses of the show have confirmed Richie would be competing with another male for the 2022 series following in Nicola Adams and John Whaite’s footsteps, although his partner has not yet been confirmed.    A source told The Sun there have been eyebrows raised by some of the Strictly pros after talks started to emerge that Giovanni would get Richie. They said: “The last two same-sex couples have done really well and the feeling is that whoever gets Richie could go all the way and win it. “Winning two on the bounce would be great for Gio — but not all of his colleagues feel the same way.” Express.co.uk have contacted the BBC for comment.    Rumours of Giovanni being coupled with Richie come after fans believe BBC Countryfile star Helen Skelton has given away who her partner will be this year. Last weekend, the mum-of-three seemed to follow professional dancer Neil Jones on Instagram with him quickly returning the favour. With Neil being the only pro from the show she’s followed, it has led fans to believe she's accidentally leaked who she’ll be competing with. Although, as the official pairings are yet to be confirmed, this is currently speculation.    Ahead of her Strictly debut, the BBC star said she couldn’t wait to get “stuck in”. She said: “'I'm really excited to get stuck into a fun adventure. “My family and friends have always loved the show and can't wait for me to get started.” Helen and Richie will be competing in Strictly alongside Hamza Yassin, Ellie Taylor, Matt Goss, James Bye, Fleur East, Tony Adams and Molly Rainford.    Fans will also get to see Ellie Simmonds, Jayde Adams, Kym Marsh, Tyler West, Kaye Adams and Will Mellor all take to the dancefloor. This year, viewers of the BBC dance show will welcome four new professional dancers to the Strictly family following the exit of favourites Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec. Making their debut for 2022 is Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakka. Strictly Come Dancing's launch date was confirmed as September 17  