Arsenal's interest in Yeremy Pino has caused shock in the Villarreal dressing room, according to Gerard Moreno. Villarreal star Moreno inists Pino is a "very important player" for the club amid interest from elsewhere. Arsenal are in the market for a winger before the end of the summer transfer window. They missed out on Raphinha earlier in the window to Barcelona. Mikel Arteta has already spent around £120million on five new signings. But he has made it clear he is still open to bringing new faces in. Goal claims Arsenal are interested in signing Spain international Pino, who has scored one goal in four caps for his country. Villarreal would consider selling the teenager for a fee of around £38million. Transfer news LIVE: Rashford view on PSG, Chelsea's Fofana pressure, De Jong latest  And now his team-mate Moreno has spoken on reported interest in the player. Speaking to Spanish outlet AS, Moreno was asked: "What an intense week of the market. Are they aware in the locker room?" To which the 30-year-old replied: "There are rumours of entrances and exits, we try to be on the sidelines, but there are things that you cannot stop seeing and commenting on. For example, the news about Pino is shocking, since he is a very important player and that makes you watch out for him." Moreno wishes the transfer window shut before the start of the season. He added: "I don't like that the market continues with the League already started, I don't understand why the week doesn't end before it starts." Pino, 19, came through the academy at Villarreal having joined from Las Palmas in 2017. He has already made 77 appearances in total, scoring 14 goals. DON'T MISSArsenal 'anxious' over Saliba as club makes contact with agentMan Utd have approval to negotiate second Barca deal as well as De JongMatheus Nunes to Liverpool truth as Reds tipped to make £42m bid He is managed by former Arsenal boss Unai Emery at the Yellow Submarine. Pino has a release clause of around £67m in his contract but it appears the Gunners could broker a deal for much less than that amount. Villarreal's Under-23 assistant coach Nando Martinez has previously spoken on the type of player Pino is. Martinez told El Pais: "Yeremy stands out for his character. "The more difficult the challenge, the more able he is to demonstrate his potential. He maintains the essence of when he played on the street as a child. "In addition, he lives for football, and every day ensures he has the right complementary training, nutrition and rest. Yeremy has been, and is, a blessing for his coaches." 