Chelsea can challenge for the Premier League title with three more signings this summer, according to ex-Tottenham striker Darren Bent. Chelsea are already the biggest spenders in this window but are in the market for further additions to Thomas Tuchel's squad. The Blues have splashed out around £175million on new talent. Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella have been the major additions at Stamford Bridge. But Tuchel is still keen to strengthen in all areas of the pitch. Leicester star Wesley Fofana is their top defensive target. Meanwhile, Barcelona duo Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are both on the agenda for the remainder of this window. If De Jong were to leave Barca, he would prefer to join Chelsea over Manchester United, while Aubameyang has worked under Tuchel before at Borussia Dortmund. Transfer news LIVE: Rashford view on PSG, Chelsea's Fofana pressure, De Jong latest  Bent has dispelled any doubts over Aubameyang following his much-publicised exit from Arsenal. And he reckons if Chelsea can secure their top three targets, they will be competing for top spot come the end of the season. “If they get those three, they’re in the title race for sure,” Bent said on talkSPORT. “They have to be… look at their squad after that. “They’ll have solved the problem of getting a goalscorer. Aubameyang’s attitude has been questioned but when he got to Arsenal he got ten goals in his first 14 games. At Barcelona, he’s got 11 goals in 17 appearances. “It just went a bit stale for him [at Arsenal], maybe he didn’t start to suit the way [Mikel] Arteta wanted to play but he can score. That’s one thing you can’t take away from him, he can score goals and that’s what Chelsea need. DON'T MISSMan Utd have approval to negotiate second Barcelona deal as well as De JongTielemans to Arsenal 'unlikely' as Gunners set to pass up on £25m bargainMan Utd can turn to four players with £50m Cody Gakpo blocked by PSV  “If they get him, get Fofana into that back three and De Jong in then they have to be [title contenders]. The options they have in midfield – Jorginho, De Jong, Mateo Kovacic, Conor Gallagher, Mason Mount and N’Golo Kante. “I think if De Jong signs he plays but Jorginho has been important for Chelsea. I like Jorginho, some people aren’t sure about him but if you look at what he’s done in his career like helping Italy win the Euros. "He’s a calming influence, always wants the ball, never shirks away from it, gets Chelsea playing. But De Jong can probably do the same if not a little bit better…” 