Later this year, the former member of One Direction - Harry Styles - will be taking over cinemas around the globe. In September he stars in the mind-bending thriller Don't Worry Darling, alongside the Black Widow actor Florence Pugh. The movie was directed by Styles' girlfriend, Olivia Wilde, of Booksmart fame. After that, however, Styles is the lead actor in My Policeman, a queer romance movie set in the 1950s. Styles recently opened up about getting intimate with another man for the first time on camera for the movie. In the picture, Styles plays Tom, a policeman who begins to have feelings about another man behind the back of his wife. And because of the time period, if he acts on these urges he would be breaking the law. Styles noted that the movie is about more than just a raunchy set of love scenes between an actor and the biggest pop star on the planet. "So much of gay sex in film is two guys going at it," he mused. "And it kind of removes the tenderness from it." Styles explained how he envisioned people watching the movie who experienced these prejudices in real life. He said: "There will be, I would imagine, some people who watch it who were very much alive during this time when it was illegal to be gay, and [Director Michael Grandage] wanted to show that it’s tender and loving and sensitive." Styles was also keen to address his own sexuality, which has long been a point of debate for his fans. READ MORE: Harry Styles 'signs on for $100 million multi-Marvel movie deal' Styles said: "I think everyone, including myself, has your own journey with figuring out sexuality and getting more comfortable with it." He added: "It's not like ‘this is a gay story about these guys being gay.’ It’s about love and about wasted time to me." He also said it was "unfathomable" to think that being gay was once illegal. My Policeman is highly anticipated by both cinemagoers and Styles' fans, but for the actor himself, it marked a big step for his career. DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson's nephew rages at Harry Styles 'King of Pop' title [INFO]Harry Styles 'signs on for $100 million multi-Marvel movie deal' [NEWS]One Direction reunion: Harry Styles speaks out band comeback [1D REUNION] Not only is the film the first real dramatic role Styles has been granted, but it is also his first experience of any romance on the big screen. In an interview from earlier this year, Styles said he felt "vulnerable" on the film's set. "I'd never kissed anyone on camera before," he admitted. "And it felt like giving a part of myself away in some ways." He also compared his performance in My Policeman to his other upcoming picture, Don't Worry Darling. Styles said: "I wasn't naked in Don't Worry Darling. I was naked in My Policeman." Sharing some details, he added: "There's no peen in the final cut. There's bum bum… I don't think the peen was intended to be involved. I think the most important thing in that stuff is trust." My Policeman hits cinemas on October 21, 2022. Don't Worry Darling is due for release on September 23, 2022. SOURCE