LBC caller Ash from Cheltenham said he got “offended” by Nick Ferrari’s comments on McDonald’s plans to recruit over-50s. Referring to the proposal, the LBC host rejected the initiate and said he prefers to be served by “young funky people” rather than older people. In light of the comments, the 60-year-old challenged Mr Ferrari and stressed “if all employers think that way then we will have no chance”. LBC caller Ash told Nick Ferrari: “I’m a 60-year-old and in 2016 I had a car accident, I’ve been applying for jobs and every time, because of my disability and my age, I’m not getting any interview applications. “That’s why I feel offended by your comments that you don’t want to be served by older people.” The remarks came as Nick Ferrari said: “I want to be see young funky people racing around getting my McFlurry!” The host also said: “It’s a personal choice if I prefer young people serving out my friends, isn’t that? “Am I allowed [to have] that choice? “I’m very sorry about your situation, but I’m allowed to have an opinion.” In light of the comments from Mr Ferrari, caller Ash pointed out: “Yeah, definitely but you have lots of people listen to you and if all employers think that way then we will have no chance. “I wouldn’t be able to feed my family. READ MORE: Protestors barricade themselves around immigration vehicles “I have a spinal defect, somebody hit me from the back and I can’t stand very long.” Nick Ferrari asked the caller: “What sorts of jobs are you going for? He responded: “Any, and because in your show somebody said there’s a lot of vacancies in airports, I’ve been applying for these jobs but I don’t get any. “I take painkillers and I carry on because we have to. DON'T MISS: Gove confronted in furious Brexit row over 30-hour easyJet delay [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: 'Relations will get worse' European Union fears erupt  [LISTEN]Moving vans spotted outside Downing Street as PM prepares to leave [INSIGHT] “Either we work or don’t do it”. The comments came after McDonald’s announced its initiative to recruit over-50s in an attempt to lure retirees back to work. In light of the initiative, the fast-food giant have now started displaying adverts showing grey-haired employees having fun with a job within the chain. Speaking with the Telegraph, a McDonald’s spokesperson said the company was “exceptionally proud of our initiative and diverse workforce”. Referring to the older demographic, he stressed that older workers are “an integral part” of their work force. READ NEXT: Tories STILL want Boris to stay as PM rather than hand over reinsCorbyn ally Mick Lynch sides with RUSSIA in blaming West for warPutin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims'You've entered the war' Putin puppet threatens EU with nuclear strikeUkraine LIVE: Horror as Putin tipped for SECOND European invasion