Tottenham Hotspur are set to complete their eighth summer signing after agreeing a deal for Sheffield United forward Will Lankshear. Antonio Conte has recruited plenty of reinforcements in his first summer transfer window as Spurs head coach and may end his spending with one for the future. According to Sky Sports, Tottenham will sign Lankshear for £2million after fending off rival Premier League interest. Brentford were also interested in the highly-rated 17-year-old, but Spurs are understood to have 'blown the Bees out of the water with a hugely attractive offer'. Lankshear, released by Arsenal last summer, will likely join Tottenham's youth ranks to continue his development after starting the season. But his capture shows that Conte, Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici are aiming to build for the future as well as form a team to challenge this season. Tottenham have heavily backed the Italian coach after he guided the club back into the Champions League with a top-four finish in his maiden season. Spurs will face Eintracht Frankfurt, Sporting CP and Marseille in the group stage and will undoubtedly be confident of progressing into the knockout rounds. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag replies to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer question with vow  Conte was keen to reinforce his ranks ahead of the challenge, and he's done exactly that. His summer of recruitment started with Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic on free transfers before Yves Bissouma joined from Brighton & Hove Albion. Richarlison and Djed Spence followed. Clement Lenglet also made the loan switch from Barcelona, and Destiny Udogie was signing number seven before re-joining Udinese for the remainder of the 2022/23 season. Lankshear could be the Lilywhites' final addition before the clock strikes 11pm on September 1. READ MORE: Liverpool 'bid' for Frenkie de Jong 'not recorded' by Barcelona  In terms of outgoings, Bryan Gil is waiting on a green light to return to Valencia on loan; Harry Winks is on the verge of a move to Sampdoria; Sergio Reguilon is expected to join Atletico Madrid. But Conte has stressed the importance of replacing those wanting to leave to prevent voids in his squads. Earlier this week, he told reporters: "For sure, if there are players that go out, then we need players to come in. The club know very well the importance for me to have a squad with a couple of players in every role. For sure, we want to make happy every single player, but at the same time, we have to make the right evaluation for our club, for our team, so we'll see what happens." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here