Erik ten Hag is spearheading a pursuit of wantaway Chelsea forward Hakim Ziyech this summer but has met resistance from Manchester United's recruitment department. And it's no surprise he's keen to reunite with the Moroccan at Old Trafford based on his comments back in their Ajax days. Ten Hag has identified Ziyech as an alternative left-footed forward to Antony and wants to sign him as part of a summer in which he has had full control of transfer targets. However, United have reportedly overruled his desire on this occasion. The 29-year-old shone at Ajax under Ten Hag's watch before joining Chelsea in a £33m deal in 2020. And before his departure, the now-United boss heaped praise on his 'brilliance' and pinpointed the trait that stands him apart from the rest. "He is a character, headstrong. But that also makes him brilliant," Ten Hag told Ajax TV after Ziyech's final training session with the club. "He sees things that others don't see. Sometimes he is a trainer's nightmare, but you have to give him space. If they start playing on their responsibility, you see the development. He took Ajax by the hand, and we were very successful together." JUST IN: Neville in fiery Carragher exchange over Man Utd owners the Glazers  Ten Hag also admitted he has qualities it's difficult to find in other players, interestingly name-dropping his priority target, Frenkie de Jong, as a similar scenario after his move to Barcelona in 2019. He explained: "Hakim has been very decisive, and he has such specific qualities that cannot simply be found in other players. It was the same for Frenkie de Jong last season. These are players who can make the difference in the offensive phase." It's no coincidence he's looking to get the two back together at Old Trafford, especially amid his quest for more 'character' in the United dressing room. READ MORE: Gakpo deal may be out of Man Utd's control as Red Devils seek help  Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel has made it clear Ziyech is surplus to requirements with his summer transfer business. The Blues have signed Raheem Sterling in a £50m deal and have looked to recruit one more attacker before the September 1 deadline. They failed in a bid to sign Raphinha and are in talks over luring Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang back to the Premier League. But despite Ten Hag's wish to link back up with Ziyech, M16 seems to be an unrealistic destination given the club's stance. Perhaps the situation will change if the options to bolster their attacking ranks continue to fade in the final three weeks of the window.