Ali (played by James Burrows) is the biological son of Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh), who has had several stints on Coronation Street over the years. One of the most memorable storylines he was involved in saw him jealous of his mother's relationship with the boy she raised but didn't give birth to, Ryan (Ryan Prescott). Before he left the ITV soap in March 2020, the heartthrob was on good terms with the man he now saw as his brother but with Ryan getting into huge trouble during Monday's instalment, it seems the pair could team up to flee Weatherfield together. The dramatic episode saw Ryan determined to go through with robbing the bistro after Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney) recruited him for her money-making scheme last week. Ryan was planning on using his half of the money to leave the cobbles and begin a new life abroad, with the young man wanting to invest in a new bar with his friends. Unfortunately, his plans seemed to be stalled when Debbie got a conscience and decided she didn't want to carry on with the insurance fraud. Unable to contemplate a future in Weatherfield, Ryan convinced his partner in crime to go along with the plan and so she did. As the electricity went out in the bistro on casino night, the guests vacated to the Rovers Return as Ryan got to work robbing the safe. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery Just as he was about to make his escape, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) walked in and turned the electricity back on as she realised someone had messed with the fuse box. Ryan was forced to hide but he didn't realise the CCTV cameras had been reactivated and therefore, he was caught on camera with the money from the safe. The heartthrob didn't realise this and by the end of the latest instalment, he was convinced he had got away with the perfect heist. Later this week, he will be arrested as the authorities go back through the CCTV footage of the night of the robbery. It will seem Ryan is on his own as Debbie refuses to let herself get dragged into the legal drama. At the moment, it's not been revealed what will happen to Ryan but if he is let out on bail, he could plan to flee the country. This is where Ali could come into the story as he could have recently been released from prison after being arrested following his departure in 2020. With the heartthrob getting his freedom back, he could also be ready to start a new life away from the cobbles and possibly abroad. Making contact with Ryan, he could explain his plan and he could be shocked to hear his brother is in trouble and needs to go with him. As he returns to the cobbles, Ali could help Ryan pack up his stuff before the two men look back at Weatherfield one last time. DON'T MISS...Jack James Ryan bids emotional farewell to Corrie co-star amid exit [COMMENT]Jennie McAlpine weight loss: How she lost 2st and keeps slimmer figure [ANALYSIS]Corrie’s Jack P. Shepherd suffers nightmare public transport journey [COMMENT] The final scene of them together could see the two men getting into a taxi, heading to the airport and hopefully flying under the police's radar. It could be successful as they go through passport control with fake identities, meaning the authorities in the UK will never be able to find them. Could the two men, who were once sworn enemies, finally be free of any more drama in their lives? Following his exit from the show, the actor who played Ali, James, hinted why his character could never come back to the cobbles. James explained: "Ali is a good man and he knows that he has caused problems for too many people," therefore his decision to leave with Ryan would be perfectly plausible. Speaking of his character's latest storyline, the actor who plays Ryan, Ryan, has hinted he could be making an exit in upcoming scenes. The soap star said: "Four years ago when he came back to Weatherfield I think he would have just cried to his mum and come clean. "But he’s a bit older now and he’s learnt a lot from what’s gone on in the past four years and he grounded himself in the people around him who’ve all now turned their back on him. "So when Ronnie shows up for him and proves that even a stranger can have your back it shows him some morality and I think will influence his decision on what to do. "Ronnie’s probably the first role model he’s had in his life since his mum left and it’s been years since he had a male father-type figure in his life so it will be an interesting angle to explore." Ryan added: "As an actor, you’ve got to try and relate to your character and I can see part of the younger me in Ryan and I feel for him. "I feel like he’s got a good heart and he’s not really had the opportunity to show it, weirdly this might be that opportunity as scary as it is. "It could be a real coming of age moment for him. "No one cares enough to hear his side of the story and he realises in that moment that his family are gone and he’s very much alone in this." So could Ryan be leaving the show after four years with Ali? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.