Kate Greville told police that ex-boyfriend Ryan Giggs dragged and left her locked out of their hotel room after a night out. In a police interview heard by the jury, Greville has also accused the former Manchester United winger of ‘using’ her for sex as she recounted a stay in Dubai in 2017. Giggs is on trial accused of assaulting Greville and her younger sister, Emma Greville. There is a further charge relating to controlling and coercive behaviour towards Greville between 2017 and November 2020. Giggs denies all charges. The second day of the ex-Wales international’s trial began with a 105-minute recording of an interview given by Greville to police being played to the jury. "We got back to the hotel room [from a nightclub], and I said something and again he flipped," Greville told the officer. JUST IN: Man Utd cancel Marko Arnautovic bid as Richard Arnold emailed directly "I had no clothes on, he grabbed me by my wrist, so hard, dragged me into the lounge bit, grabbed me on the floor, all my suitcase and threw it all into the corridor and then shut the door. “I was just there naked, all my stuff in the corridor. I got all my stuff back in and got back into bed - I had to get my stuff with a towel wrapped around me." She said that Giggs told her: "You made me do this... I don't want to be with you anymore" and tried to “put it on me.... saying I was always accusing him of cheating.” Greville told police in her interview that she met Giggs in 2013 when working for a PR agency that was hired by a company owned by the 13-times Premier League winner. She added that the pair would talk about their unhappy marriages and they began to have an affair after she was called to a hotel room he was staying in to have a shirt signed. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag told four reasons why Rabiot is wrong signingMan Utd: Ten Hag ‘picks player to be dropped’ once Rabiot joinsMan Utd ‘make refusal in De Jong pursuit’ as Rabiot dreams of move She continued: "It was like I met my best friend, the one to save me from my marriage. He'd say I was his soulmate. It was more than a sexual thing." Greville told police she then moved to Abu Dhabi in an attempt to stay away from Giggs but he continued messaging her. She believed she would sometimes receive 30 messages a day before he came to Dubai to see her. She added that their relationship resumed when Greville returned to Manchester but she then experienced aggression from him in the Dubai hotel room. Greville told the police officer that Giggs did not force himself on her but “he was using sex to get to me… he’d randomly send sexual messages or pictures.” She added: “He was completely using me for sex. He wouldn’t leave me alone.” The trial continues.