Lord Sugar, 75, has re-started a feud with former United States president Donald Trump, 76. The business magnate posted a furious tweet about the American politician in full view of his 5.2 million followers, while calling out his frenemy Piers Morgan, 57, for staying quiet on the matter. The Apprentice UK host's initial tweet criticised the US show's former presenter Trump for his apparent hypocrisy when “pleading the fifth”, or refusing to answer questions. It comes after Trump was set to be deposed by lawyers from New York Attorney General Letitia James' office as part of a civil investigation into whether the former Republican leader's organisation had misled lenders, insurers and tax authorities with its financial statements. He wrote: “Trump refuses to answers questions and pleads the 5th. “He has a short memory he said in the past people who plead the 5th have something to hide. “This guy is double  Teflon.” READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps Twitter user @mrbrittle1 then shared a short compilation clip of the US Apprentice star “taking the fifth.” In response, Lord Alan said: “Exactly, what a b****y hypocrite and liar. “Unbelievable nothing will happen to him he will get away with what ever is alleged he has done wrong. “Only @piersmorgan is uncharacteristically holding back. Any one else he would be slagging them off.” Various Twitter users jumped on to the post to share their thoughts on the subject. @Zellinsk commented: “Piers is hoping to land another interview. “He was so strong against Boris but like a puppy dog with Trump.” It comes after Piers was slammed in May for failing to effectively hold Trump to account in an interview on his show, Piers Morgan: Uncensored. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [COMMENT] Carol Vorderman risks fury as she 'leaks next Strictly contestant' [BBC] Speaking to Express.co.uk that month, political commentator Simon Dolan said: “Piers Morgan’s interview with Donald Trump was, unfortunately for the veteran presenter, flat and failed to elicit anything new for the viewers of the blockbuster interview.” He added: “It felt more like a publicity stunt for Piers Morgan than a serious interview.” Piers’ interview with Trump started badly when he was handed a dossier of critical comments that the former GMB presenter had compiled about him. The file was reportedly created by former UKIP leader Nigel Farage. They contained criticisms Piers made of Trump’s “woeful” handling of the COVID-19 pandemic. At one point, the former GMB presenter referred to the US 2020 presidential election as “free and fair.” The former president reacted with aggravation at the insinuation. He said: “You really believe that? Well then you’re a fool. “Then you are a fool. You’re a fool and you haven’t studied it.”