Manchester United are set to suffer more transfer woes as Fabian Ruiz is reportedly in advanced talks to join Paris Saint-Germain. The Red Devils are said to be considering the Napoli midfielder as an alternative to Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong. United appointed Erik ten Hag as their new manager earlier this year and the Dutchman has been tasked with restoring the team to their former glory following an egregious season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick last time around. And Ten Hag is well aware that he needs new faces at the club if he is to have any chance of closing the gap on the teams battling for Premier League honours. Ten Hag has already signed Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez this summer as he goes in search of a winning formula. But he had been heavily tipped to bring in De Jong at the start of the transfer window after mentoring him during his time in charge of Ajax. A move for De Jong is yet to materialise and is looking increasingly unlikely, with the ace keen to stay at the Nou Camp, where he has spent the last three seasons. And on Saturday, it was revealed that Ten Hag has now turned his attentions to Ruiz. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer    But, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, PSG are closing in on the 26-year-old and a deal will be completed soon. The French club’s new football advisor Luis Campos is a big fan of the player and could soon welcome him to the Parc des Princes as his team go in search of Ligue 1 and Champions League success. Ruiz joined Napoli from Real Betis in 2018 and went on to make his debut for Spain in a Euro 2020 qualifier against the Faroe Islands a year later. Last season, the player made 38 appearances for Napoli in all competitions, helping his side to a third-place Serie A finish. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener    The star, who is an outstanding passer of the ball and possesses excellent vision, can play as an attacking midfielder or a defensive midfielder and would provide Ten Hag with a versatile option in the middle of the pitch should he be able to thrash out a deal to sign him. But the 52-year-old could have left it too late as PSG look set to win the race to land him. The French giants brought in their own new manager ahead of the new campaign, with Christophe Galtier replacing Mauricio Pochettino earlier this summer after the former Tottenham boss was sacked. And Galtier will be looking to quickly make his mark in Paris. 