Although Elizabeth Taylor's image is known around the world, BBC documentary A Life in Ten Pictures unearthed the truth behind 10 lesser-known photographs of the British-American actress. A Life in Ten Pictures also showed old interviews where Elizabeth spoke candidly about her stint in rehab and how her family became terrified about her health. Her honest reflections were an eye-opener during the time because no other Hollywood icons had gone public about their issues with addiction or rehab stays. Elizabeth started off as a child actress who became known as one of the most popular women in Hollywood. In her personal life, she battled many issues, from ill health to doomed marriages. Following her divorce from her sixth husband John Warner in 1982, Taylor was hospitalised after her drug and alcohol dependency escalated. Experts examining a photo of Taylor taken around the time spoke in detail about how this was the period her life began to unravel. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history The snap showed her seated between former First Lady, Betty Ford and actress Liza Minnelli. In an archive interview, Taylor reflected on the turbulent time in her life. "It's called tough love," she said as she talked about her family's intervention when her addiction was at its worst. "And they tell you things you've done, and they preface it by saying, 'I love you very much, but I have to tell you this, that, that.  "'And the reason I'm telling you this is because I don't want you to die, and the way you're going, you will.'" In a different interview, she elaborated: "Everyone, each one of us, has to make their own individual participation. "And there are times in my life that I've really been grateful that I'm famous because I could use my voice, my name." Film journalist Helen O'Hara explained the impact the actress had on others battling addiction by being the first Hollywood star to open up publicly about her struggles. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman in brutal dig at guest appearance [VIDEO]Strictly Come Dancing launch date confirmed [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Slaters as Mo returns with bad news [THEORY] She remarked: "She [Elizabeth] said she wasn't going to stay private. "She spoke up and said, 'Yes, I needed help, I needed treatment and this is what I'm doing.' "And when she came out the other side and she spoke about the clinic, that was really important in changing the public's perception of the fact that it wasn't shameful in itself to go and need help and need treatment. "That somebody like Elizabeth Taylor could need help and need treatment meant that you know, maybe it wasn't so bad if you also needed help." In 1984, Taylor completed seven weeks in residential rehab. The documentary went on to explore the iconic star's Aids activism during the 1980s. Experts highlighted Taylor's public fight to end the stigma associated with the disease at the time. Taylor herself became known for having a long history of ill health before her death in 2011 at the age of 79. Over the years, the Academy Award winner suffered from a brain tumour, skin cancer and pneumonia, amongst other conditions. A Life in Ten Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.