The proposed visit – which would be the highest-ranking US visit in 25 years - has sparked outrage in China, a country which views Taiwan as a breakaway province. Amid growing threats of invasion, tensions are rising. Last week, Chinese leader Xi Jinping warned US President Joe Biden “those who play with fire will perish by it”. This sort of rhetoric by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is nothing new, however there are fears that this time China is really not bluffing. In recent times, China has ramped up its military capabilities, while Beijing has increasingly talked-up the possibility of moving on Taiwan. Having shaken its fists over Taiwan, not only can the CCP ill afford to back down over Pelosi - given the potential loss of face - but it has increasingly backed itself into a corner over making a move on Taiwan. In the midst of the Pelosi drama, Chinese air force spokesman Shen Jinke said Beijing will “resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity”, a direct reference to Taiwan. Meanwhile, a unit of China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) warned on the microblogging site, Weibo: “Prepare for war”. Over the weekend, the PLA also conducted military exercises off its coast opposite Taiwan. Sentiment is growing that China will want to do something if Pelosi visits. But of course, loss of face is not just an issue for Beijing. Should Washington back down it would send a message – especially to America’s allies in the region – that Chinese intimidation works. With tensions growing in Asia however, we are also reminded of how Europe got caught with its pants down over energy from Russia, which - in 2021 - supplied 40 percent of Europe’s gas needs. The EU has now agreed a 15 percent cut in gas use for the winter, basically intended to keep German industry and people going in case Russia halts supplies. Russian energy giant Gazprom recently announced it had reduced gas flows to Germany to allow work on a turbine on the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. The pipeline has been running below capacity for weeks. Gazprom has also cut gas supplies to Bulgaria, Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands and Poland over their refusal to pay in roubles. With nuclear energy gone, Berlin is falling back on coal power, even without the necessary infrastructure. Today, Germany needs gas storage levels to be at 80 percent to get through winter, yet reserves are just two-thirds full. What is happening in Europe is a reminder of why relying on a country with which there are foreseeable geopolitical problems is not a great idea. Now, flip over the latest item you bought on Amazon and chances are it was made in China. Of course, Beijing knows that – as things stand – the West could ill afford to apply Russia-style sanctions to China, given how dependent Western business and finance has become on the country. In effect, countries like the UK and the US made China reach by outsourcing industry, and this was not outsourcing to a friendly country like Japan but to the West’s major geostrategic competitor. Whether or not Pelosi visits Taiwan then, the threat of war is growing.  CIA director, William Burns, recently said of a Chinese invasion: “The risks of that become higher, it seems to us, the further into this decade that you get.” Burns added: “I wouldn’t underestimate President Xi’s determination to assert China’s control” Referring to the Ukraine conflict, Burns also said: ““Our sense is that it probably affects less the question of whether the Chinese leadership might choose some years down the road to use force to control Taiwan, but how and when they would do it”. The lesson of Ukraine is also surely to start decoupling now, and to encourage Western brands to diversify production now. Can the West really afford to depend on China for its key manufacturing needs given what is happening? Countries like the UK and the US will not be so smug in the future if they find themselves compromised over China in the same way they accuse Germany and the EU of being compromised over Russia. Even if war is not imminent, should Western capital really be funding the CCP? The time to act is now. Tomorrow, as Europe is finding, may be too late.