Leicester City boss Brendan Rodgers insisted Wesley Fofana did not bid farewell to the fans in their 4-2 defeat to Arsenal on Saturday. Fofana is a top target for Chelsea this summer  and it was suggested that the centre-back was preparing to leave the club after he was spotted applauding the away support at the Emirates Stadium. Fofana played the full 90 minutes as the Foxes were blown away by a superb individual display from Gabriel Jesus, with the Brazilian scoring twice and setting up two goals. At the final whistle, the Frenchman was pictured clapping in front of the Leicester supporters which was interpreted as a farewell in light of Chelsea's persistent interest. But Rodgers, who confirmed he instructed the defender to pay tribute to the club’s fans, provided a tetchy response when it was put to him that Fofana hinted it might be his last game before heading to Chelsea. “You write he’s saying farewell. That’s your story. I think he was giving the fans a clap,” Rodgers told reporters. "I didn’t see it as a farewell. But you need to write what you need to write.” READ MORE: Chelsea have Fofana transfer fear but may have no other choice Chelsea have had two bids rejected by Leicester for the 21-year-old, with their latest offer thought to be in the region of £70million. But Thomas Tuchel has revealed his desire to add “one more” signing to his squad, with Fofana his prime target, and the player has reportedly already agreed personal terms. Leicester have not ruled out a sale, but the Foxes see Fofana as an indispensable member of their squad and value the youngster at around £85m. The Blues are expected to return with an improved offer that may be closer to Leicester’s valuation. However, it is understood that Leicester were 'pretty dismissive' in their responses to Chelsea's first two offers for Fofana, who has a contract until the summer of 2027. Talks between the two clubs remain ongoing, though, with the Blues now trying to speed up the process by pushing to maintain a verbal back-and-forth. DON'T MISSChelsea under pressure over Fofana as Leicester plan emergesChelsea boss Tuchel makes plea to Boehly to ask for 'one more' signingBarcelona 'will open talks' with Chelsea in fresh Aubameyang twist Chelsea have already spent £175m this summer on five new signings as Tuchel looks to revamp his squad after finishing third last season. The German has been forced into a defensive overhaul, however, replacing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen after the pair left on free transfers for Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. Kalidou Koulibaly arrived from Napoli in July before Marc Cucurella sealed a £62m move from Brighton earlier this month. And Fofana is seen as the final piece in the puzzle to give the west London club a defender who can feature as their centre-back for many years to come. But Rodgers, who admitted Fofana is “aware” of the interest in him, believes Fofana would benefit from spending another year at the King Power Stadium. "Wesley is quite calm on the situation. He is aware of the interest, he’s just getting on with his work," he said earlier this week. "He’s a top young defender and there are not too many around his age. Another year for him at least would be really important for his development."