Putting your home on the market can be a difficult and lengthy process, with a huge range of hurdles to overcome before selling the property. According to Terry Fisher of We Buy Any Home, property owners are making the same errors that can hurt their chances of finding a buyer. He said: “Selling your home can be a difficult experience to go through, from the practical difficulties of finding a buyer at the right price to the emotional toll of leaving somewhere you hold dear in your heart. “Too often we see people making the same mistakes when they decide to list their property on the market and they can prolong the process or even reduce the sale price. Selling a home can be relatively straightforward if you know what you are doing and you have the right advice and processes in place.” 1. Being too sentimental The expert explained how selling a home can often bring emotions to the surface, from the joy of embarking on a new beginning to the sadness of leaving somewhere that holds a lot of memories. Terry explained: “However, you must remember that this is a financial transaction above all else and being sentimental can harm your chances of a speedy sale at the right price. “A buyer won’t see your home through the same rose-tinted lens as you so don’t take offence if they don’t love your design or layout choices as much as you.” READ MORE: How to get rid of mould: Natural way to banish 'tough mould' Buyers may also not like certain wall colours or features you’ve picked for the home. 2. Choosing the wrong professionals Terry said: “Few people have the knowledge and skills to go through the home-selling process without help from mortgage advisors and estate agents. “However, choosing inefficient, overworked or unqualified people to help can bring unnecessary stress that you really don’t need.” The expert recommended doing lots of research before hiring anyone in the move. DON'T MISS:The impressive Buckinghamshire town home to Vernon Kay and Tess Daly [INSIGHT]Common spices to keep ants away as flying ant day looms [EXPLAINER]Clean guttering now to avoid damage to your home amid heavy rain [EXPERT] Homeowners can check reviews online or go with people recommended through friends and family. 3. Imposing wacky taste on the home The expert explained: “We all have likes and dislikes that make us who we are, but we realise that not everyone is going to share our tastes. “While our homes should be a reflection of our personalities, when it comes to selling it’s always best to tone down the decor to make it tasteful but not overbearing. “The key is to make it a place a potential buyer can see themselves at home, with plenty of scope for them to put their own marks on.” READ MORE: ‘Simple changes’ to boost the ‘saleability’ of a home by up to £5k This could include removing items when potential buyers come to view the property. 4. Being too stingy or generous With the cost of living crisis, renovation work may be out of the picture for many. However, the expert said it is important to consider what staging touches or vital repairs homeowners can do before their house goes on the market. He said scrimping on listing photographs can do a property “disservice” and put a potential buyer off. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Terry added: “On the flip side, pumping money into supposed improvements such as a new kitchen or garden can be a waste of money if the buyer decides to rip it out and start with a blank canvas.” 5. Not having everything in order Selling a home can be a long process, so in order to shorten it in any way possible, homeowners should be prepared to overcome any obstacles that might come up. The expert explained: “For example, delays of even a few days obtaining paperwork such as an Energy Performance Certificate can have a domino effect and cause delays further down the line. “Speak to your estate agent about exactly what you will be required to do and when, then make sure you are ready to go so you can sell your home as smoothly as possible.”