Michael Schumacher’s son Mick has admitted he’s ready to race for Ferrari should the opportunity present itself. Schumacher Jnr is currently with Haas, who are backed by the Scuderia, but took on a new role as a reserve driver for Ferrari over the winter. The 23-year-old could be called upon to fill in for Charles Leclerc or Carlos Sainz this season if either driver is unable to compete. And he has explained that he’s ready to race for the Italian team. “Yeah, yeah,” replied the youngster to a group of journalists after being asked if he would be ready to jump in and drive for Ferrari. “I mean, our cars are not the same, but are similar. I've grown up with Ferrari basically since 2019 and I feel like I understand the whole procedure. I'd be more than happy to step in and show them what I've got.” Schumacher began his F1 journey at the start of last season after winning the F2 title in 2020 and the F3 championship in 2018. And he has gone on to appear in 34 Grands Prix. The German picked up the first points of his F1 career last month after he finished eighth at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone, before backing that up with a sixth-placed finish at the next race in Austria. And at the recent French Grand Prix, he admitted he was happy with the improvements he is making on the track. The talented ace said: “I think F1 is always pressure, right? You're only as good as your last race so, at the moment, I'm happy. But also, I understand that there's no time for us to kind of lean back in any way.  “It's always trying to find the next bit of performance and we're still trying everything we can to make our car quicker, if it's on the set-up side or if it's on the operational side. The focus is very much still on trying to improve and to become better, and to achieve greater positions.” Schumacher will be hoping his early experiences in F1 can help him follow in the footsteps of his father. Michael won his first F1 title in 1994 with Benetton, before repeating the feat a year later. And he then won five consecutive world championships with Ferrari between 2000 and 2004. The German retired as the most successful F1 driver of all-time courtesy of his seven titles but is now level at the top of the leaderboard with Lewis Hamilton. 