Meghan and Harry have lived in their Montecito home since first moving to the US in March 2020. The Prince has since said that California “feels like home” for him – and the £11million mansion probably helps. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s mansion cost a whopping $14.7million, or £11million, and was previously available to rent on Giggster. The Italian villa was available to rent for production purposes, acting as the backdrop for films or music videos. However, the price was extortionate – one would have to pay a huge $700, or £537, an hour. Now, the 13,000 sq ft property belongs to Harry and Meghan. What is it like inside? READ MORE: I tried a 65p hack to clean the top of my burnt metal toaster The Sussexes’ home boasts a huge 7.3 acres, with the house itself big enough to park 50 cars. There is also a swimming pool, a tennis court, a gym, a spa, and even a guest cottage for when Meghan’s mother, Doria, visits. The rooms inside are huge and have been decorated to suit Meghan’s style. There is a dining room, spacious kitchen, library with a huge wooden bookcase, and a wine cellar. DON'T MISS: ‘Most important’ way to keep hanging baskets ‘thriving’ in hot weather [EXPERT]‘Unappealing’ paint colours to ‘avoid’ that risk devaluing homes [INSIGHT]‘Crucial factor’ to keep tomato plants thriving in a heatwave [TIPS] An interiors design expert from Hi Spec Design previously spoke to Express.co.uk about the house’s appearance, including the interior design trends visible throughout the rooms. They said: “The property itself is built very similar to a European style villa, and its interior reflects that as well. “Throughout the property, there is the recurring theme of traditional 18th-century design, with quite a lot of classic trends. “It would be difficult to say if the property is more to Harry or Meghan’s influence. READ MORE: Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ “Naturally, you would think that from the European traditional influence that it could be more Harry’s style, but it also fits perfectly with Meghan’s sophisticated aesthetic.” During the pandemic, Meghan and Harry were seen speaking over video call from various rooms in the house – and because of this royal fans could catch a glimpse of what they looked like. The were lots of cream, white, and gold hues on the walls, which matched the neutral tones of the furniture and the art works. The expert explained: “The white and cream are calming, neutral colours and the gold brings a little bit of extra special detail into the home, without being over the top. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Based on this, you could say that these neutral tones are a reflection of their personalities and that they do not like to be too ‘flashy’.” In comparison, Kensington Palace is “much more a classic British home” with a “traditional” interior design style. Speaking about the US in a recent interview earlier this year, Harry said: “Home for me now is for the time being... in the States and it feels that way. “We’ve been welcomed with open arms and have a great community in Santa Barbara.”