During Thursday’s instalment of Channel 4’s A Place in the Sun, viewers saw Greg and Tina search for their perfect holiday home where they one day plan to retire. Giving expert Leah Charles-King a list of requirements, they set her a challenge of finding somewhere within their £190,000 budget. Before getting started on their search, Greg and Tina told Leah they wanted a place that had two bedrooms or more, an outdoor space and a pool for when their family come to visit. Throughout the show, the couple were pleased with all of the properties that the Place in the Sun presenter had found as they revealed many of them were contenders for them to put an offer in. However, it was a three-bedroom villa in Pano Ardoes that blew them away before they had even stepped foot inside or found out the low price. Looking at the fifth and final property from the outside, Lead informed them that the villa, which was called “The White House”, came with ensuites in all three bedrooms.  She also told them there was a pool located outside which Greg said was “Impressive”. Leah revealed to the duo that it was currently on the market for just over £182,000. Shocked, Tina replied: “Really?! Wow.” Gregg remarked: “That’s incredible, that’s incredible!” They told the property expert they couldn’t wait to get inside to have a further look and weren’t disappointed with what they saw as Tina called the interior “lovely”.   The couple were then told that the villa comes fully furnished which meant everything they were seeing would be theirs if they purchased it. Tina admitted she loved it with Greg adding: “Wouldn’t do anything to that I don’t think at all.” There was one downside to the villa when they inspected the outside as they noticed that the pool would need relining. However, Leah informed them that the current owners would replace it as part of the sale as Greg told the expert she had turned a negative into a positive.   After seeing the villa, the Place in the Sun presenter wanted to know what their final thoughts were after seeing all of the properties. Greg said: “It’s got a lot of scoring points this one.” Going away to have a think on what they wanted to do, they met Lead the next day and revealed they’d like to put in an offer on the three-bedroom villa. Although aware of the pool lining, they wanted to try and negotiate the price down from £182,203 to £170,000.  The owners initially rejected the offer, which was £12,000 lower than the original asking price, but put forward a counter offer of £175,000. Pushing to get it down even further, they wanted to see if the owners would go £1,000 lower than their counter offer. Leah got a call confirming that they accepted the final offer of £174,000. After hearing the news the couple were thrilled as Tina gasped and thanked Leah saying she was “ecstatic” over the news. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm. 