Napoli striker Victor Osimhen is reportedly a leading transfer target for Manchester United amid rife speculation surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo's potential summer exit in the opposite direction. United need a new striker in the next 12 months and could make a stunning 11th-hour move for one of Europe's most exciting in the position. According to Sky Sport, Osimhen is on the Red Devils' shortlist as one of Erik ten Hag's top striker targets at the start of his long-term rebuild, regardless of Ronaldo's future. Old Trafford chiefs are said to admire the 23-year-old's current quality and potential to develop and meet his meteoric potential. However, the report adds that there have been no negotiations between United and Napoli over his signature this summer, suggesting he could be seen as one for next summer rather than as part of a possible deal for Ronaldo in the coming days. United will have splashed over £220million once Antony completes his record-breaking £85m switch from Ajax, making him the most expensive Dutch Eredivisie player in history. The figure is the highest the club has splashed in a single transfer window, but the amount of work still to be done highlights the sheer scale of the rebuild required. JUST IN: Neville urges Glazers to sell Man Utd 'now' after Real Madrid trigger  Ten Hag also reportedly wanted an upgrade at right-back, another central midfielder and a striker this summer, while doubts over David de Gea's future in his system continue to loom. But the Dutchman will understand that, as the saying goes, Rome wasn't built in a day, and it was always going to make multiple windows to mould the United squad to his liking. Osimhen's presence among his future targets would be no surprise. Since joining Napoli from LOSC Lille in a deal worth over £69m, making him the most expensive African player of all time, the Nigeria international has registered 30 goals and 10 assists in 65 appearances. He has started the 2022/23 Serie A campaign with two goals and an assist in his opening three games. READ MORE: Man Utd target Antony spotted at Red Devils' training ground  United are thought to have concluded their summer transfer activity with the capture of Newcastle United goalkeeper Martin Dubravka on loan. However, if Napoli can strike a late deal for Ronaldo, who Ten Hag would be willing to let leave, they may make a U-turn and bring next year's plans to pursue a striker forward. Jorge Mendes has worked around the clock to find the 37-year-old a Champions League club before Thursday's deadline. And it now seems like it could be Napoli or nothing, with no other European heavyweights willing to take on his extortionate wages. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here