Tales of the Walking Dead is the third spin-off to come from the unforgettable The Walking Dead on AMC and Disney+. The horror drama's universe is getting even bigger with this latest series with more characters and new gripping stories to tell. Here's everything there is to know about Tales of the Walking Dead season one, episode one. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Tales of the Walking Dead.Tales of the Walking Dead will be unlike any of the other shows in The Walking Dead franchise. Rather than focusing on one particular group or person in particular, the spin-off is an anthology series whereby each episode will delve into another scenario. So there will be plenty of exciting new stories to watch that are still set in the zombie world fans have come to learn all about. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, one of the episode's stars Kersti Bryan delved into what viewers can expect from the season premiere. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Bryan explained: "Joe, played by the great Terry Crews, is about to find out that no man is an island. "Prepared for the apocalypse years before it occurred, Joe slowly isolated himself, connecting mostly to others through chat rooms on the internet. "It's now been 402 days since he was proven right: the end of the world did happen. "But when he suffers an unbearable loss, the emptiness Joe feels pushes him to venture beyond what he knows as his safe haven to find another prepper he once bonded with online." Bryan continued: "He hits the road, not knowing exactly where she lives or if she still lives there. "Not long into his journey, he is up-ended by Evie, played by the adorable Olivia Munn, a gentle, free spirit, with exceptional survival skills, she sees the beauty in everything and everyone around her but she isn't a pushover. "She too has a place she hopes to find. "While their missions line up, their personalities do not." DON'T MISS...Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed [CAST]Fantastic Four: Harry Potter star calls for 'dream role' Ben Grimm [CAST]The Walking Dead boss confirms murderous Rick Grimes twist in spin-off [UPDATE] Actress Bryan will portray Sandra, the prepper that Joe leaves his bunker to meet after more than a year in isolation. But will the pair actually meet in real life and if they do, is Sandra going to live up to Joe's expectations? Prior to Tales of the Walking Dead, Bryan has been in shows like Hustlers, Ray Donovan, The Blacklist and Small Miracles, just to name a few. Her IMDb profile states she will be starring in the movie Rachel Hendrix as Susan Sparrow next year. The Walking Dead typically has around 16 episodes every seasons for fans to enjoy. This spin-off, however, is going to be a lot shorter with just six episodes this time around. Some of its series one cast members will be Terry Crews, Olivia Munn, Samantha Morton, Embeth Davidtz and Danny Ramirez. Tales of the Walking Dead season 1 premieres on Sunday, August 14, on AMC in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.