Justin (played by Andrew Langtree) had a guest role on Emmerdale between 2010 and 2012 as the ex-husband of Alicia Gallagher (Natalie Anderson) and his affair with her sister Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) led to the birth of his son, Jacob (Joe-Warren Plant). He was the catalyst behind his ex-wife and son moving to the village over 10 years ago as he was the first one to reach out to his sister-in-law with regard to his marriage breaking down. Although he hasn't seen Jacob in over a decade, his return to the ITV soap could see him finally step to the plate and be a father to the youngster. The drama continues later this week as Jacob is anxiously waiting to get the results of his A-Levels, which he had hoped would get him into university. With his father figure David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) nursing his mother Alicia in Portugal and Leyla in rehab, the only person Jacob can tell his news to in person is Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins). She is with him when he discovers he has got all the grades he was hoping for and he would be more than capable of studying medicine. However, he flips the table as he explains to David's partner he won't be attending university later in the year. He feels he needs to stay in the village to ensure he can be there for his birth mother when she gets out of rehab. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets Victoria is devastated to hear he is putting his future on hold and she knows he really wants to go to university. In episodes airing a couple of weeks ago, Jacob explained to David's girlfriend how he felt he needed to take a step back from his own plans. The young man said as his mother lay in hospital: "Everything eventually just ends in disaster and disappointment. We both know that. "If not this, it'll be something else. I'm probably just jacking in uni now before it really hurts," he explained. Not wanting Jacob to put everything on pause for Leyla, Victoria could get in contact with Justin to come and speak with his son. With Leyla, David and Alicia nowhere to be seen, Victoria could think the best way for Jacob to see any sense is if the man who raised him speaks with him. The last time the two men saw each other was in 2012 when Justin returned to the village to tell his son he was getting married again. Unable to deal with the thought of his father moving on with another woman, Jacob cut all ties with him as Alicia also turned her back on her ex. Justin was nowhere to be seen when Jacob suffered at the hands of Maya Stepney (Louisa Clein) nor when Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) almost ruined his life. As it seems another chapter of Jacob's life is in contention, Justin could finally decide to be there for his son. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star wows with ripped transformation after 'quitting gym' [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [ANALYSIS] As the two men talk, Justin could explain things didn't work out with his wife and that he has been single for several years. He could tell his son how he didn't mean to stay away so long but he didn't know how best to approach things with him. Having read about what happened with Maya and Meena in the local papers, Justin would explain he felt he had failed as a father. However, not wanting any more heartache in his life, Jacob could forgive his father and thank him for coming back at this difficult moment. Can Justin persuade his son to go to university and fulfil his dreams? During his short time in the village 10 years ago, it was clear Justin had money as he would always spoil his son. Knowing his son would need money to attend university, with Leyla and David unable to do so, Justin could step up to the plate. He would also tell his son if he went to university, then he would move closer so they could spend some more time together. Jacob might not only be getting a future he has always dreamed of but he could be reunited with his birth father. But where would this leave his relationship with David, who has been like a father to the young man since Justin cut ties? The actor who plays David, Matthew, has been full of praise for the actor who plays Jacob, Joe-Warren in the past. Discussing their relationship, the soap star said: "That kid is one of my favourite people on set, as we have such a laugh together. "He started on Emmerdale when he was eight years old. He's just such a great kid and he's really growing up now. "It's usually me against the girls on set, because I've had Alicia, Leyla and Priya! It was always the girls picking on me, but I've got a little ally now and we both give it back as much as we get! "I love being on set with Joe-Warren and I think he's an incredible actor," he told Digital Spy. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.