Drivers are being warned they could face large fines if their cars are too dirty. Many drivers can neglect their car for a while especially if they mostly work from home or don't leave their house. Some motorists could be fined if their car is too dirty and blurs the registration plate. The law states that if a number plate is covered in snow, ice or dirt and becomes unreadable, drivers could face fines up to £1,000. Under the 2001 Road Vehicle Regulations, it is an offence to drive with a registration plate that can't be read. This is because Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPN) technology is used to tell if a vehicle is registered and has valid insurance and MOT. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued to diesel car drivers in the UK amid law change Before motorists set off on the road, they must make sure that their registration plate is clearly visible. Failing to do so can result in a £1,000 fine. According to the DVLA, drivers are legally required to display their number plate, clearly, at all times, otherwise, they face being handed an on-the-spot £100 fine if they are stopped on public roads. DVLA rules state: "There is a specific offence under the Vehicle Excise and Registration Act 1994 of obscuring or allowing a registration mark to be not easily distinguishable. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fines for snacking while driving [WARNING] Furious mum hits out at driver who parked on pavement [SHOCKING] Drivers warned of ‘common’ fuel-draining mistakes [INSIGHT] “All registration numbers must be displayed clearly and correctly on the number plate – this helps the police, enforcement agencies and members of the public to correctly identify a vehicle to assist road safety and traffic enforcement". The news comes after drivers were warned about huge £5,000 fines they risk receiving for not using air con during the summer. Not using the air con in hot weather could see drivers break rule 237 of the Highway Code. The rule states that motorists must keep their cars “well ventilated”. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use simple button to boost fuel economy by 7% The rule came into force to make sure that drivers avoid drowsiness when they’re in control of a car. If motorists fail to adhere to the guidance and subsequently lose control of their vehicle they risk a fine of up to £5,000 in the most serious cases. As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures remain extremely high. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery. As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures remain extremely high. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery.