The ban is set to come into place from August 12 following the driest July on record since 1935. Writing on their website, a spokesperson said: "We have been left with no choice but to restrict the use of hosepipes and sprinklers from 00:01 on Friday 12th August within our Kent and Sussex supply area until further notice."  The UK experienced the highest temperature on record last month, with 40.3C being recorded in some areas on July 19. A hosepipe ban has not been issued in the UK since 2015 when a ban was issued on August 5 following a spell of hot weather. A spokesperson continued: "This has been a time of extreme weather conditions across the UK. Official figures show this is the driest July on record since 1935 and the period between November 2021 and July 2022 has been the driest eight-month stint since 1976. "During July in the South East, we have only seen 8 percent of average rainfall for the month, and the long term forecast for August and September is for similar weather." Other areas are expected to follow suit, with a ban already enforced for Southern Water customers from August 5. South East Water said the demand for water this summer has "broken all previous records, including the Covid lockdown heatwave". The water supplier has been producing an additional "120 million litres of water a day" to supply demand. They said they are implementing the ban to ensure there is enough water for "both essential use and to protect the environment". They are hoping the ban will help to reduce the amount of water needed from "already stressed local water sources." READ MORE: Huge plume of smoke rises near shopping centre as blaze rages The TUB (temporary use ban) means locals must not use a hosepipe that is connected to a mains water supply. According to their website, a hosepipe means "anything designed, adapted or used to serve the same purpose as a hosepipe". Under this, garden sprinklers, pressure washers and irrigation systems are all included. Anyone caught using a hosepipe during the ban could be issued a fine up to £1,000. DON'T MISS:Putin top mercenary KILLED: Wagner thug who 'adored mortars' wiped out [INSIGHT]Chinese military exercises invade Taiwan [BREAKING]Pelosi praises Taiwan as ‘one of the freest societies’ [COMMENT] The water supplier have warned people in the area to not water their gardens using a hosepipe, clean their cars, water plants, fill paddling or swimming pools, and clearing paths or patios. Some are able to apply for an exemption online, but the website warns that "anyone who contravenes any of these rules is guilty of an offence, and may be liable on summary conviction to a fine." Areas currently impacted by hosepipe bans include Kingsclere, Andover, Winchester, Otterbourne, Southampton, Portsmouth, Cowes, and Ryde. Wessex Water set out a drought plan that will "set out what will happen before, during, and after a drought to help maintain a secure supply of water to customers, and protect the environment". The plan says: "Under the most extreme circumstances, and once all other actions have been taken, would we consider applying to the government for an emergency drought order.