The second to last ever episode of AMC’s Better Call Saul delivered a number of jaw-dropping revelations, from the current whereabouts of Kim Wexler (played by Rhea Seehorn) to the threat of Gene Takavic (Bob Odenkirk) finally meeting his comeuppance. However, arguably one of the most memorable scenes came after Kim came clean to Howard Hamlin’s (Patrick Fabian) wife Cheryl (Sandrine Holt) about her former mentor’s demise. After hearing from Jimmy/Saul/Gene for the first time in six years, Kim decided to revisit Albuquerque to try and right some of the wrongs she and her ex-husband committed. Better Call Saul fans discovered Kim had moved to Floria to start a humdrum life worlds away from the fast-paced and scheming life she and Jimmy paved for themselves. But upon hearing Jimmy was alive and hiding in plain sight as Gene, Kim’s moral compass caught up with her - especially when Gene yelled at her over the phone after she told him to turn himself in. The phone call itself was enough to truly show Jimmy’s full descent from the man Kim once loved but her decision to return to Albuquerque gave viewers a chance to see how she’d done her best to head in a complete opposite direction. READ MORE: Better Call Saul boss had to correct Walter star over character mishap Kim arrived at widow Cheryl’s home armed with a full-written confession detailing what she and Jimmy did to her late husband. To recap, after months of torment and scheming to paint him in a negative light with his peers, Howard arrived at Jimmy and Kim’s apartment only to have got his timing all wrong when Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) reappeared and planted a bullet in his head. Howard’s death was painted as suicide thanks to handiwork from Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) and although fans saw Cheryl wasn’t convinced all was as it seems at his wake, she remained in the dark until Kim stepped foot back in New Mexico. When Kim came clean to Cheryl, both did their best to put on steely displays and hide their true emotions - but when Kim headed back to the airport, everything boiled over. Kim burst into tears as she made her way back to Florida, wailing in public and receiving a pat on the arm by a concerned passerby as the gravity of what she and Jimmy had done caught up to her. However, while fans would be forgiven for thinking this breakdown was simply down to Cheryl learning the truth, actor Seehorn has explained it goes much, much deeper. “I think that Kim does not think that… anyone needs to feel sorry for her in that moment,” she said. “So I do think that she suppresses (the feeling of), ‘I’m here to do penance, I’m here to allow the victims to be the victims.’” DON'T MISS:Gus Fring death: How did Gus Fring die?Better Call Saul fans 'in tears' over Walter and Jesse returnBetter Call Saul's Rhea Seehorn in tears after Carol Burnett meeting She explained further to TV Live: “This is not this episode’s letting go. “This is six seasons, seven years of her letting go of what she’s become, what she’s done to herself. “And I understood that, and it hurt in my chest,” Seehorn admitted as she referred to the pain both she and Kim were carrying in that moment. With just one episode left to go in Better Call Saul, fans will have to wait and see if the fallout from Kim’s confession will have consequences. In the meantime, there’s the not-so-small issue of Gene finally being made as Saul by Marion (Carol Burnett). After scheming with her grandson Jeff (Pat Healy), Marion’s curiosity led her down a wormhole online which led her to expose Gene as Saul. Despite threatening to kill her, the last ounce of Gene’s morality caught up with him and he allowed her to alert the authorities. But will Gene be caught and Saul/Jimmy’s story end with him behind bars? Better Call Saul season 6 concludes on Monday, August 15 and Netflix in the UK on Tuesday, August 16.