Vernon Kay and Rochelle Humes welcomed Camilla Tominey and Nick Ferrari on Tuesday’s This Morning as the panel addressed Meghan Markle’s bombshell interview with New York magazine The Cut. During the discussion, Vernon questioned the couple’s call for privacy while simultaneously speaking out in interviews. Referring to Meghan’s latest interview, Vernon asked: “Why does this keep happening? “Why does she keep doing these interviews? Why are we always bombarded with Meghan’s opinions and Meghan’s views of what’s happened inside Buckingham Palace? “If they want to go away, why don’t they just go away?” “I mean that in the nicest possible way,” the This Morning host added. Read more: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife Rochelle remarked: “And for us, we should let them do their thing.” Camilla replied: “We’re happy to let them but I think there are multimillion-dollar reasons why they’re not being quiet because they’ve got a lot of deals with Netflix and Spotify.” Camilla claimed Meghan had to “justify” her deals with the streaming platforms. “That’s a massive contradiction,” Vernon commented. “They’ve gone to America for peace and privacy and a bit of quiet. “But they’re still doing the interviews, they’re still telling all, especially in The Cut magazine.” “Because it wasn’t just for peace and privacy, was it? It was for commercial reasons,” Camilla claimed. “I don’t know why we skirt around this issue, this is the elephant in the room.” “They went there to make more money,” the royal expert added. DON'T MISS'Utterly heartbreaking' Morning Live hosts mourn death of dog Oli [INSIGHT]Pen Farthing shares update on Afghan dogs' fate 'Where are they now?' [VIDEO]GMB guest tells millennial to ‘grow up’ after lacking life skills [INTERVIEW] In Meghan’s latest tell-all interview, the Duchess of Sussex reflected on both her and Harry’s relationship with their respective fathers. She claimed her bond with her father had broken down over his relationship with the tabloid press. Discussing the tabloids, she added: “Harry said to me, ‘I lost my dad in the process.’ “It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision.” She also addressed the idea of “forgiveness” between herself and the Royal Family. “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive, but it takes a lot of effort to forgive,” she said. “I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything.” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.