Chelsea's chances of signing Leicester star Wesley Fofana have been rated at "70/30". Thomas Tuchel is desperate to sign at least one more defender and it appears a move for Fofana could be on the cards. Chelsea have already missed out on France international Jules Kounde, who instead chose to join Barcelona. Meanwhile, Presnel Kimpembe and Nathan Ake look set to stay at their current clubs. Kalidou Koulibaly has been brought in by Tuchel from Napoli. However, the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen leaves the Blues needing at least one more player at the back. Leicester want at least £80million for Fofana, the same amount they received from Manchester United for Harry Maguire in 2019. Chelsea are claimed to not be prepared to pay that amount yet. However, talkSPORT reporter Alex Crook says Fofana is looking to push for a move to west London. And he claims a deal is more likely to happen than not, in what he says would be a "massive blow" to Leicester. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd six deals, Chelsea's Barca revenge, Arsenal's next Henry  Crook said: "[Fofana] removed being a Leicester player from his social media bios yesterday. I think he is pushing for this move to Stamford Bridge. “The two clubs are quite far apart on a fee at the moment, Leicester are pushing for about £80m, Chelsea are only willing to go as high as £60m. But when a player starts pushing for a move, as Fofana is, the player tends to get their way. “I would say there is a 70/30 chance that he goes to Chelsea. It would be a massive blow for Leicester.” Fofana joined Leicester from Saint-Etienne in 2020. He has made just 35 Premier League appearances for the Foxes after missing a sustained period due to a fractured leg. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag slams 'unacceptable' Ronaldo for early pre-season exitChelsea's electric XI with De Jong and make two more new signingsTottenham have Zaniolo swap possibility after AC Milan pull plug on two deals  Speaking earlier this week, Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers insisted the 21-year-old was not for sale. Rodgers said: "Naturally, he’s a top talent. "He’s not for sale. He still has lots of improvements to make. He’s very happy here, he really enjoys being here. "Naturally he will attract the interest of other clubs. Our job, in not signing anyone so far, is to at least keep the players we have. I know that’s the intention of the club." Fofana is yet to make his senior France debut but has featured five times for his country's under-21 side. 