Inheritance tax is commonly loathed by the British public, standing at 40 percent of the value of assets above a particular threshold. It therefore stands to reason many people will want to do as much as they can to avoid being taxed in this way. There are currently a few options at the disposal of Britons to help them avoid the tax commonly referred to as “voluntary” for this reason. However, perhaps the simplest way to reduce one’s inheritance tax bill is saving towards retirement. Express.co.uk spoke to Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, who highlighted the potential benefits of a pension when it comes to tax. “Pensions are a brilliant way to pass on wealth to dependents, sometimes completely tax-free. READ MORE: Triple lock warning as rises under ‘perennial threat’ - ‘huge price!' “This has been one of the significant changes from the pension freedoms. “It now means the whole conversation around wealth, retirement and savings has really turned on its head.” In most cases, any pensions a person has can be passed outside of their estate and will not be subject to inheritance tax. It means this kind of wealth can be kept within the family, or with friends, rather than a chunk being handed over to the taxman. DON'T MISSNew boiler installation costs rise to £3,300 - but you could save [ANALYSIS]Pension Credit: Report changes to DWP or lose state pension boost [INSIGHT]British Gas customer slams energy bills estimate of over £5,000 [LATEST] However, the Government-backed website MoneyHelper states there is one key rule to bear in mind. In order for the pension to fall outside of the scope of IHT, the scheme administrator would need to have discretion as to who the benefits are paid to. Thankfully, however, this can be a relatively easy process to follow as long as it is done with ample time. Individuals can typically submit an expression of wishes form, which allows the person to tell the scheme to whom they would like the death benefits to be paid. While the scheme does not have to follow the person’s wishes, in most cases they will. Mr Tully provided further insight into the ways pensions can be beneficial at reducing IHT liabilities. He added: “Where once you would default to the pension to provide your retirement income, today there are options to use other savings like ISAs. “Perhaps you could even use property wealth first, as these fall within your estate for IHT purposes. “Pensions can be inherited tax-free if you die before age 75. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “After age 75 they are only taxed when the beneficiary withdraws money, then it is taxed at the recipient’s income tax rate. “At no point is IHT normally payable which is a significant benefit of using pensions to cascade wealth to family.” People should bear in mind any money taken out of their pension then becomes part of their estate. This includes any of a person’s tax-free cash allowance which they may not have spent. Individuals are also encouraged to check their pension does fall outside of their estate as some older-style arrangements may not - and therefore would be subject to IHT.