This morning’s confirmation that the typical household energy bill will hit £3,549 a year from October - up from an already eye-watering £1,971 now - will strike fear in the hearts of many families and force ordinary people to make unthinkable choices this winter. Rising costs for food, petrol, and electricity have already left many households struggling, with many facing the real choice between heating or eating. Experts have warned the latest shock to UK energy bills is five times worse than in the 1970s. It risks pushing millions into fuel poverty. The people I speak to are fearful about how they’ll make ends meet through the winter. The length and breadth of our country, from young families to pensioners, people won’t be able to afford to turn the heating on at all. Already left skint from sky-high prices - prices that are set to rise further still, with predictions that the cap could reach £5,000 in January and £6,500 in April. This could push many more households over the edge. In the constituency I represent of Ashton-under-Lyne in Greater Manchester, people have come to me with the most harrowing stories - skipping meals to feed their kids, making unimaginable sacrifices and going without just to make ends meet. I’ve helped out my own friends financially, been a guarantor for rents, and even lent out my car. But too many people now face breaking point. I grew up in poverty myself, I know how it feels. That pit, that dread in your stomach, asking yourself ‘‘how am I going to cope? how am I going to survive?”. The panic sets in. And that was before this latest energy price rise. I welled up reading Patricia’s story. Patricia is a pensioner in her 80s, who has already seen her energy bills go up from £146 to £500 a month, stealing away half her modest income. If so many people like Patricia are forced to live in cold homes and cannot afford nutritious food, then we’ll see an increase in breathing difficulties, heart attacks, strokes and falls, with the NHS left to pick up the pieces. But it doesn’t have to be this way. We have a choice. Carry on letting oil and gas companies make huge profits whilst people suffer with bills rising this winter. Or do something about it. Instead of stepping-up, we’ve seen Conservative ministers go missing in action this summer and failing to announce any plan at all to help people with spiralling bills. It’s no good just to tell people to be more frugal and leaving them to it. Just this morning Government ministers have failed to show up in the broadcast studios to speak to the nation and the Minister for Energy is, unbelievably, overseas. The first priority of a responsible Government is to deal with the looming emergency in front of us.   We know that the winter will be the toughest of times for people as they use more energy heating their homes. We can’t afford to wait. That is why it’s high time for the Government to act in the national interest, announce an emergency budget and freeze the energy price cap this winter. No ifs or buts. This will save the average household £1,000. We can do it by taxing oil and gas companies' bumper profits properly. And it’s time to solve the energy crisis for good, fast-tracking insulation for every home that needs it to get bills down and we’d get off foreign gas - by investing in energy produced in Britain and cutting bills for good. After a decade of failure to secure our country’s energy supplies, it’s the only way to make sure Brits never face an energy price crisis like this again. There can be no more dither and delay. Now is the time for the Government Ministers who have been for far too long missing in action to wake up and deliver a plan before an emergency turns into a catastrophe. 