A clue the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had spent a few days holidaying on sandy beaches with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis was provided in late July, when Kensington Palace released a picture to mark the ninth birthday of the third-in-line to the throne. In the snap taken by Kate, the smiling boy clearly stands on a beach, albeit blurred. The Cambridges' previous holidays in the private Caribbean island of Mustique may have led some royal watchers to think this picture was taken during a break across the Atlantic. However, the Mail on Sunday's Diary Editor Emily Prescott has claimed George, Charlotte, Louis and their parents headed in mid-July to Tresco, a tiny island part of the Scilly archipelago. The tiny island is part of the Duchy of Cornwall and therefore owned by Prince Charles. However, it is currently leased put by Robert Dorrien-Smith and his wife Lucy who run the Tresco Estate. Ms Prescott wrote: "The family spent a fortnight on the car-free island owned by Prince Charles. "Travelling by helicopter, the Cambridges and their spaniel, Orla, are thought to have stayed at Dolphin House, a cosy granite rectory in a walled garden." A video that started circulating on social media platforms on July 13 appeared to be showing a helicopter taking off from Kensington Palace after boarding the Cambridges and their adorable black dog. Tresco can only be reached by air or sea and is entirely car-free. READ MORE: 'We know what’s been going on' Netflix urged to pull plug on Sussexes Ms Prescott added the exclusive island used to be a "favourite haunt of Princess Diana". Prince William spent a family holiday at Dolphin House with his mother, father and brother Prince Harry in 1989. In Tresco, the Waleses were photographed riding bicycles and posing for a picture while sitting on a low stone wall. The Duke of Cambridge reminisced his childhood holiday at Tresco in 2016, when he and Kate visited the island. Chatting with then 89-year-old Gladys Perkins, William said how he cherished his break on the island. She said: "I said to William, 'you haven't been here for a good while' and he said 'no'. "I said the 'last time you were here with your brother you were only so high'." The Duke and Duchess reportedly spent family holidays in the Scilly archipelago also during the summers of 2020 and 2021. During their break to the Scilly island two years, ago, the Cambridges were said to have taken bike rides and chatted with the locals. An Isles of Scilly resident told The Mail on Sunday at the time: "Dolphin House really is an idyllic and modest holiday home for families. "Kate, William and the children certainly will have made the most of how peaceful it is there, and the island's residents made sure to leave them alone and not disturb their trip." Following their departure, an onlooker said: "William and Kate were both smiling widely and looked really happy and relaxed. "Their bodyguards had big smiles too – it was clear to see that it had been a really good holiday." The Cambridges' latest holiday break came after their appearance at Wimbledon for the mens' singles final. Kate and William were accompanied to SW19 by their eldest son Prince George, a keen tennis fan, who sat with them in the royal box. Yesterday, the Duke and Duchess carried out two solo sports-focused engagements. While William headed to Wembley Stadium as President of the FA to support the Lionesses at the Women's Euro final, Kate joined the Great Britain Sail Grand Prix in Plymouth.