Emmerdale star Hayley Tamaddon revealed she was rushed to hospital over the weekend. The actress, who played Del Dingle in the popular ITV soap, shared a snap with her fans from a hospital bed, without revealing why she had been taken to hospital. In view of her 54,000 followers, Hayley shared a snap of a drip attached to her arm while she lay in a hospital bed. Blankets could be seen pulled up around the star as she wore a medical wristband on her arm. She captioned the picture: "So.. not the greatest of weekends." Hayley did not disclose why she was in hospital with her fans. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life It comes after the star told how she contracted Covid, leaving her "very ill". "Like many others, I now seem to be experiencing symptoms which are attributed to Long Covid – a permanent headache, ringing in my ears, no energy and I feel totally fatigued," she told The Sun. Last June, Hayley told how she rushed her one-year-old son to hospital after he developed a "scary" fever. The Emmerdale star revealed on Instagram he had tonsillitis after months of various infections and ended up getting medical help after a difficult night. Explaining the situation, Hayley shared a photo of Jasper asleep on their sofa, writing: “It’s 2am.. we’re in the living room. He’s poorly. Again. Poor thing. “In the past two months he’s had so many infections, ears, eyes, throat... and now he has tonsillitis. “The worst thing is the fever... it’s scary... it goes so high and makes him so ill. "But, he’s a trouper. Deals with it so well! Better than I would I reckon!” she added. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson's 'excitement' as girlfriend Lisa requested lap dance [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton, 39, showcases phenomenal physique in cut-out swimsuit [ANALYSIS]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [UPDATE] Just hours later she updated her followers revealing they were now in hospital as she filmed herself on sitting on a ward. On her story, she said: “And we are back in hospital. Hopefully not for long but the amazing NHS staff are looking into what’s making him so poorly.” As he lay in her arms sleeping, she explained: “He has a little cannula in his arm so he has the antibiotics.” The actress added that she had struggled with his blood tests, she continued “Oh my God, a baby having blood tests. I cried, he screamed." She added: "Sending lots of love to all the parents out there who have got poorly babies. “I know he’s not that bad and there’s a lot of babies out there suffering a hell of a lot worse.” Hayley welcomed Jasper in October 2019 with her estate agent fiancé Adrian, though they have now gone their separate ways. At the time she told fans: “He’s here. He’s incredible. And we are besotted.”