Daniel Ricciardo faces yet another headache surrounding his Formula 1 future, with Helmut Marko already eyeing replacements for Pierre Gasly who has been linked with a move to Alpine. It was confirmed that Ricciardo would be leaving current team McLaren at the end of the campaign after a tricky two seasons for the Aussie. Since joining the Woking-based setup in 2021, Ricciardo has collected just one podium finish - winning the Italian Grand Prix last year - and has now had his time behind the McLaren wheel cut short despite having one year still left on his contract. Now the debate concerns where the 33-year-old will end up next. One destination that seemed to best suit Ricciardo was a move to Alpine. However, according to motorsport.com one man who could well be making that move is Alpha Tauri’s Pierre Gasly, with Marko reportedly already looking at replacements for the French star. According to the report the Red Bull advisor is set to be considering a move for either soon to be out of contract Haas driver Mick Schumacher or IndyCar star Colton Herta, if Gasly was to leave. And if this was to be the case, there is no doubt the Australian star’s future would be left in limbo with available seats on the 2023 grid running out. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton told by Toto Wolff to 'compromise' after brutal swipe In the first race since his upcoming departure had been announced at Spa over the weekend, Ricciardo was unsurprisingly quizzed about his future. Whilst he revealed now might not be the best time to talk about the topic with a busy run of races ahead in the next few weeks, the Aussie firmly reiterated his intention to remain in Formula 1. On his future, he said: “If it’s anything it’s F1. That’s the only place I see myself racing in the near future. So that’s something I’m sure of at least what I want. But I want to see. This weekend’s been a bit of a wave and we’re into a triple-header so I feel like the next three weeks are going to be relentless. DON'T MISS:  "Not necessarily on this topic, but just as a schedule. So, I want to get these three under my belt and then see how I feel. I’m not interested in making any quick decisions or certainly nothing emotional. “We’ll see how it goes but certainly the objective, if I’m behind a race wheel, is a Formula 1 car for sure.” Despite the Aussie also revealing that he is keen to keep competing for podiums and titles, Ricciardo may be required to settle something a little lower down the standings with ESPN reporting that Haas boss Guenther Steiner contacted him about a potential move. 