Newcastle have asked Chelsea and their Premier League top six rivals to keep them informed about their attacking outcasts as they scramble to improve Eddie Howe’s forward line, reports claim. The Magpies have been turned down by a couple of forwards during the summer and are now hoping to sign the unwanted stars from Chelsea, Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Tottenham and Manchester City. Newcastle have spent £60million this summer on Nick Pope, Matt Targett and Sven Botman. But Howe is yet to sign an attacker despite urging the club’s Saudi-backed hierarchy to focus on bringing in new additions ahead of the September 1 transfer deadline. Successive bids for Leicester playmaker James Maddison have been rejected, while a pursuit of Reims goalscorer Hugo Ekitike ultimately failed. Ekitike ended up joining Paris Saint-Germain on loan. So Newcastle have turned their attention to targets who are unwanted by the bigger Premier League clubs, with reports claiming they have requested to be informed by the country's biggest teams if any of their attacking players are made available. Express Sport looks at who they could sign this month. READ MORE: Celtic could give a helping hand to Barcelona as 'enquiry' submitted Conor Gallagher The Athletic - who claim that Newcastle have made the request to the Premier League’s top six - report that attacking midfielder Conor Gallagher is wanted by Howe. The 22-year-old enjoyed a successful season on loan at Crystal Palace last season. Gallagher returned to Chelsea earlier this summer and insisted he wanted to fight for his place under Thomas Tuchel. However, a couple of below-par performances in pre-season could mean he goes back out on loan. Chelsea are also expected to sign another midfielder and that could push Gallagher further down the pecking order. Newcastle could take advantage of his situation. DON'T MISS...Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 starsChelsea face more transfer woe as 'new competitor' aims to deny moveMan Utd and Chelsea to learn De Jong transfer fate 'this week' Callum Hudson-Odoi Callum Hudson-Odoi’s development has stalled over the last couple of seasons and a fresh start at another club could allow him to kickstart his career. Injuries limited his game time last season, although it is unclear where the 21-year-old fits into Tuchel’s plans. Hudson-Odoi finds several players ahead of him at Chelsea, even after Timo Werner’s exit to RB Leipzig. Tuchel initially tried using Hudson-Odoi as a wing-back, but Reece James’ form prevents the academy graduate from playing regularly in that role. A move to Newcastle could see Hudson-Odoi thrive in an attacking role. Christian Pulisic According to the report, Newcastle would like to add Christian Pulisic but understand that a deal would be more difficult to complete than a switch for either Gallagher or Hudson-Odoi. Pulisic is guaranteed regular game time at Stamford Bridge following the departure of Werner. The American has endured a difficult time under Tuchel, with injuries often limiting his impact. He is yet to rediscover the form that he showed during the latter stages of Frank Lampard’s tenure. Anthony Elanga If Man Utd sign another forward this summer then it is not inconceivable that they could let 20-year-old winger Anthony Elanga go on loan. The Sweden international impressed under Ralf Rangnick last season, but it is yet to be established whether new head coach Erik ten Hag will use him quite so frequently. Elanga played in 21 Premier League fixtures last season, and appeared for the final minute of United’s 2-1 defeat by Brighton on Sunday. A loan to Newcastle could aid his development. Nicolas Pepe The often-forgotten Nicolas Pepe could finally leave Arsenal this summer. The Ivory Coast international was once a £72m arrival from Lille, but has struggled to maintain his form with the Gunners. A new generation of Arsenal forwards have since taken over at the Emirates Stadium and Pepe has struggled for game time. Newcastle have been loosely linked with a permanent deal for a player who has just two years remaining on his contract.