 Jim Davidson, 68, has launched a furious rant about the “idiot drivers” who take up part of the pavement near his Stockbridge home when parking. The comedian lashed out at motorists who block the way with their cars on the banks of the River Test, which he can see from his garden.      He detailed how drivers parking their cars where they shouldn’t have become an inconvenience for local pedestrians. Jim, who has been living in the area for over a decade, compared the inconsiderate motorists to “vultures” as they swoop in for parking spots. The Generation Game star said: “It’s a nightmare. "I’ve lived in Stockbridge for 15 years and I’m turning into an old grumbler. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire  "These idiot drivers are like vultures - when one car comes out of a space there’s five waiting to go in," he told The Sun. The Big Break star went on to reveal how the badly parked cars have even become an issue for wheelchairs and pushchair users. He added: “People are parking in places they shouldn’t and it means you have to walk single file on the pavement. "Quite often cars are just left on the street and on the bridge here - I can see them from my house."    Jim went on to add that people with wheelchairs and pushchairs would struggle to get through. Earlier this year, Jim took aim at fellow celebrities offering to house Ukrainian refugees during an appearance on GB News. The TV star agreed with host Dan Wootton they were doing it to "virtue signal" as he claimed they wouldn't house a "veteran". Dan said: "Jim, what do you think about these celebrities who feel and need to politically virtue signal at these events? DON'T MISS... APITS's Jasmine Harmans reacts as she's told 'not to wear mini dress'  [INSIGHT]Kevin Bacon issues sad family update after suffering tragic loss [ANALYSIS]Tearful Joan Collins says sister Jackie's life could have been saved [UPDATE]  "You have Benedict Cumberbatch on the red carpet saying he 'hopes to take in a Ukrainian refugee,' I would say there is more chance of that happening than his director Jane Campion making a film that made any sense. "What do you make of it when they take over these ceremonies to politically pontificate?" Jim had no issue calling out actors and celebrities for being very "lefty" and wanted to ask them a question.     He replied: "It's what people do; it's their chance to get on the soapbox. "Ask him if he will take in a veteran that's homeless who fought in many wars for our country? “No, that's not lefty enough,” Jim concluded   