Thiago Santos and Jamahal Hill do battle in the main event of UFC Vegas 59 tonight. Both men are hoping to move one step closer to a shot at the light-heavyweight title currently held by Jiri Prochazka. Santos (22-10) is ranked at No6 in the division while Jamahal Hill (10-1) find himself placed at No10. 38-year-old Santos is in a do-or-die situation having lost four of his last five contests – a far cry away from the form he enjoyed in the lead-up to his first and only shot at the 205lb strap against Jon Jones three years ago. Hill, on the other hand, is among the division’s most promising prospects. Since sustaining the only loss of his professional mixed martial arts career against submission specialist Paul Craig last year, Hill has bounced back to take the scalps of Jimmy Crute and Johnny Walker. Hill is heavy-handed and extremely dangerous but is taking the biggest step up of his career so far. Santos is among the most experienced active UFC fighters with 23 bouts under the promotional banner and has beaten top opposition such as Jan Błachowicz and Jimi Manuwa in the past. Elsewhere on the card, the co-headliner sees two highly ranked welterweights in No 6 Vicente Luque (21-8) and No 13 Geoff Neal (14-4) throwdown. Luque is looking to rebound from a decision loss to Belal Muhammad earlier this year while Neal is coming off a big win over Santiago Ponzinibbio at UFC 269. Date and venue The card takes place on Saturday, August 6 at the UFC Apex in Las Vegas. Fight times and TV channel/live stream The main card is set to get underway at 3am UK time on Sunday morning with the main event cagewalks 5.30am. These timings could change due to the length of the undercard fights. ESPN and ESPN+ will broadcast the fight in the U.S., while BT Sport has the UK broadcast rights. MORE UFC NEWS... Conor McGregor told ‘the biggest thing that gets him in trouble’ Khabib legacy doubts raised despite brutal McGregor win White breaks silence on McGregor and Mayweather 'agreement' Full card Main Card Thiago Santos vs Jamahal Hill Vicente Luque vs Geoff Neal Mohammed Usman vs Zac Pauga Brogan Walker vs Juliana Miller Augusto Sakai vs Sergey Spivak Ariane Lipski vs Priscila Cachoeira Preliminary Card Sam Alvey vs Michal Oleksiejczuk Terrance McKinney vs Erick Gonzalez Bryan Battle vs Takashi Sato Jason Witt vs Josh Quinlan Cory McKenna vs Miranda Granger Mayra Bueno Silva vs Stephanie Egger *Running order subject to change. Odds Hill win: 30/100 Santos win: 3/1 Draw: 43/1 *Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at the time of publication.