Rachel Riley, 36, who appears on the Channel 4 show Countdown, won a claim against Laura Murray, who use to work for the former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. His former aide has lost an appeal against a High Court libel ruling which ordered her to pay £10,000 damages to the television presenter after a Twitter row. The row started when Corbyn, as Labour leader, was hit with an egg during a visit to a mosque in March 2019. Ms Riley posted a screenshot of a January 2019 tweet by Guardian columnist Owen Jones about an attack on former British National Party leader Nick Griffin, which said: "I think sound life advice is, if you don't want eggs thrown at you, don't be a Nazi." She added "Good advice", with emojis of a red rose and an egg. Later, Ms Murray tweeted: "Today Jeremy Corbyn went to his local mosque for Visit My Mosque Day, and was attacked by a Brexiteer. READ MORE: Frederick Waite Jr dead: Musical Youth star dies aged 55 "Rachel Riley tweets that Corbyn deserves to be violently attacked because he is a Nazi. This woman is as dangerous as she is stupid. Nobody should engage with her. Ever." Ms Riley said she was being sarcastic in her tweet, did not call Mr Corbyn a Nazi, and told the judge that Ms Murray's tweet caused serious harm to her reputation. The TV star sued for libel, arguing her Tweet had been sarcastic and she had not called Mr Corbyn a "Nazi". Ms Murray mounted an appeal against her defeat in the High Court libel trial, but Court of Appeal judges on Thursday dismissed her challenge.  The judges found Ms Murray's tweet “misrepresented” Ms Riley’s post as an “unequivocal public statement that Jeremy Corbyn deserved to be violently attacked, when in truth (it) was ambiguous.” During the trial last year, Mr Justice Nicklin heard both women posted tweets after Mr Corbyn after his visit to a mosque in 2019. Ms Murray was ordered to pay £10,000 in damages after sending an accusatory tweet which called Riley “dangerous” and “stupid”. Mr Justice Nicklin rejected Ms Murray’s defences of truth, honest opinion, and publication on matter of public interest and awarded damages to Ms Riley, saying she was entitled to “vindication”. DON'T MISS... Tommy Lee, 59, horrifies fans as he posts full frontal naked snap[LATEST]Aled Jones’ daughter Emilia ignores his advice despite ‘sacrifice’[ADMISSION]'My wife is getting old' David Beckham teases Victoria over purchase[INSTAGRAM] He found that Ms Riley had demonstrated that Ms Murray’s tweet had caused serious harm to her reputation, and also said both women had been truthful in the evidence they gave and had done their best to “assist the court”. Mr Justice Nicklin said there was an “element of provocation” in Ms Riley’s “good advice” tweet. “Although posting the good advice tweet could not be described as ‘bad conduct’ of the claimant, it properly falls to be characterised as provocative, even mischievous,” he said in a written ruling. “It was calculated to provoke a reaction and it did.” Ms Riley, who studied mathematics at Oxford University and is on maternity leave from Countdown after giving birth in November, had told the judge she is Jewish and has a “hatred of antisemitism”. Ms Murray was stakeholder manager in Mr Corbyn’s office when he was Labour leader, and went on to be the party’s head of complaints, before going into teaching. She argued that what she tweeted was true and reflected her honestly held opinions. Mr Justice Nicklin ruled at an earlier hearing that Ms Murray’s tweet was defamatory. The judge, sitting with Lords Justice Dingemans and Arnold, also rejected Ms Murray's other grounds of appeal. Rachel took to Twitter today and addressed the case, writing: "Pleased that all three judges found in my favour that I was libelled by Laura Murray, the original judgment has been upheld and her appeal rejected. "Big thanks to my legal team William, Godwin and @MLewisLawyer. Happy to draw a line under this now and move on to happier times."