Toto Wolff believes Mercedes need to beat Red Bull and Max Verstappen under ‘their rules’ in an attack on the drinks manufacturer’s current dominance in the sport. The Silver Arrows continue to struggle to adapt to the 2022 regulations falling far behind the pace of front runners while Lewis Hamilton crashed out of the Belgian Grand Prix last weekend. Mercedes have fallen far below their usual standards this season allowing rivals Red Bull to steal a march for the title. The Brackley-based outfit currently sits third in the Constructors Championship 159 points behind Christian Horner’s team exposing the gulf in quality between the two this season. Verstappen has been the sport’s dominant force for the vast majority of the season despite positive starts from his teammate Sergio Perez and Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc, winning nine of the 14 races. The Dutchman currently is currently 93 points clear at the top of the driver’s standing with the rest of the year set to be a title procession for the reigning world champion. Hamilton himself sits 138 points behind his biggest enemy despite their tight championship battle last year. The cavern between the two now strongly emphasises just how far Mercedes have fallen. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton told by Toto Wolff to 'compromise' after brutal swipe During the Silver Arrows period of dominance, Red Bull chief Horner consistently asked for the regulations to be changed as the sport was becoming boring. Wolff has taken a subtle dig at his fierce rival over this with the German stating that he would not be asking for the same now the situation had been reversed. "Fair credit to Max, how he is doing things, and Red Bull," he said. "The rules are the rules. I don't want any goalposts moved. We just need to get better, meet our own expectations and beat them with their rules." Wolff has argued that he has learned more from this season than he did in any of the years that he watched his team dominate. While he is deeply annoyed to be consistently second best, the experience has given him an increased drive to overturn the car’s issues. "Today, we're getting it wrong," the 50-year-old. "The non-correlation in the various areas [of the car] is causing us to not perform. Now maybe there is a single thing that overshadows everything and therefore we are not doing it justice to question every part of the car. "Are the tyres something we fundamentally don't understand, and actually all the rest is good? Is the aero or mechanical balance messing it up? That is so difficult. "As we say, you never lose you learn, and I can tell you it's f***ing difficult. When you arrive there in the dungeon, you stick to your principles, your values, you keep the spirit up and really continue to relentlessly seek to get better. There's more to write for a book about this year than the last eight years." Mercedes and Red Bull will face off once again this weekend at Verstappen’s home in Zandvoort. There is sure to be a hostile atmosphere for the Silver Arrows given the huge swathes of the Orange Army set to be on in force in support of their hero.