On Saturday, the Royal Family’s social media profile shared messages of celebration as 70 days had passed since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. The Platinum Jubilee marks Her Majesty's 70th year as monarch. The Firm’s main Twitter account posted a still from the video of the Queen having tea with Paddington Bear. A caption read: “Ma’amalade sandwich Your Majesty? “Exactly 70 days ago today, The Queen and Paddington Bear got the #PlatinumPartyatthePalace rocking. #PlatinumJubilee” Fans of the monarch replied with enthusiasm to the throwback post. @KarenHankey wrote: "This was so magical and will stay in our hearts forever." @lauram01234 said: “Wow I can’t believe it has been 70 days! Love this #PlatinumJubilee #PlatinumPartyatthePalace” While @wendywenwitch commented: “Thank you so much for putting this video on; it is the most beautiful film of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, and I will treasure it always in my memory! With much love from a marmalade sandwich-eating Loyal Subject.” Another user with the handle @duchessdearly said: “Such a lovely video and tribute!! Because of this I watched Paddington Bear 1 and 2 and loved those movies as well!” And showed interest in the tea set used in the video: “May I ask, what is the name of the beautiful tea set? It is so glorious!” READ MORE: Kate and William charity LEAPS by £13.7m after Sussex split  Royal fan with the handle @calambity911 said: “God bless you and thank you, Ma’am. For everything.” While @peacebird9 commented: “The Paddington Bear skit was so sweet, funny, and utterly delightful! “Simply LOVED seeing the expressions of the Royal Family in the stands as it aired! Bravo to HMTQ!” Finally, @sherry60504887 said: “I believe this is my favourite photo of HMTQ.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: THREE new bombshells to upstage Duke's memoirKate, William urged to get kids out from ‘glorious prison’Kate enjoyed rare moment at Balmoral as Queen 'let her guard down' In another message on Friday, the Royal Family said: “Can you believe it’s been 70 days since The Queen’s #PlatinumJubilee central weekend!?” And the Firm called fans to talk about their favourite experiences during the Jubilee celebrations. The message read: “What are your favourite memories from the Jubilee? Share them with us below. We’ll start…” The post included a mash-up video of the events that took place in early June, called “7 Unforgettable Moments from the Platinum Jubilee”, featuring the Queen and other centre-stage royals.