A picture taken from the airport near Crawley shows smoke rising into the sky from a blaze miles away. West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service said it is battling two field fires at Selsfield Road, Turners Hill. The fire service said: "We are currently dealing with two field fires at Selsfield Road, Turners Hill. "The fires are causing large smoke plumes which can be seen from several miles away. "If nearby, please close your doors and windows." It comes as the UK is facing a heatwave sparking warnings of an increased risk of wildfires.  The scorching weather and months of low rainfall have left the ground parched and at risk of wildfires breaking out. The Met Office's fire severity index (FSI), an assessment of how severe a fire could become if one were to start, is very high for most of England and Wales, and will reach "exceptional" - the highest level - for a swathe of England stretching to the border with Wales by the weekend. In London, where record-breaking heat in July prompted a number of devastating fires around the capital, fire chiefs are urging people not to barbecue in open spaces or balconies, to put out their cigarettes properly and dispose of rubbish correctly. London Fire Brigade said its control room had sent firefighters to deal with 340 grass, rubbish and open land fires during the first week of August - an eightfold increase on the 42 during the same week last year. Assistant commissioner Jonathan Smith said: "This summer has seen an unprecedented long, dry spell with high temperatures, so the grass in London is tinderbox dry and the smallest of sparks can start a blaze which could cause devastation. "Despite our continued warning over the last few weeks, we know there are still people who are barbecuing in parks, dropping cigarettes out of car windows and leaving rubbish lying around. "We really need to prevent a repeat of the situation we saw on July 19, when homes, shops, garages, outbuildings and vehicles were destroyed across London in a number of significant fires." It comes as an amber warning for extreme heat has been issued by the Met Office for much of England and Wales. The mercury is set to soar to as high as 34C today and up to a peak of 36C over the weekend in the areas covered by the alert. Meanwhile, in northern England and Scotland temperatures are expected to be in the high 20s or even low 30s in some spots. There is also a heat health alert in place from the UK Health Security Agency, with experts advising people to look out for those who are older or with existing health conditions, as well as young children. Drought could be declared for some parts of England tomorrow with the National Drought Group - made up of Government and agency officials, water companies and other groups such as the National Farmers' Union (NFU) - set to meet. There are expectations drought could be declared for some parts of England such as southern and eastern areas. The Met Office said there could be a "thundery breakdown" to the hot weather on Monday, although it was so far uncertain which areas could see rain.