Manchester United icon Roy Keane singled out Virgil van Dijk and Trent Alexander-Arnold for criticism after a dismal first half which saw Jurgen Klopp’s side go behind to the Red Devils. The defensive pair could have done better for Jadon Sancho’s goal according to Keane, as Liverpool went behind for the seventh consecutive Premier League game.    Anthony Elanga played a one-two with Christian Eriksen as he went past Alexander-Arnold before playing the ball back to Sancho who turned and finished past Alisson. Keane thought Van Dijk could have done better in closing the England winger down, and has not been impressed with the Dutchman this season. “If you analyse Van Dijk here, he’s been sloppy all season,” Keane claimed on Sky Sports. “He’s got to get out. He’s not moved his feet. It was excellent, the goal was coming. You thought every time United were coming [they would score]. “[Marcus] Rashford was making runs, stretching Liverpool and there was gaps everywhere. They made Liverpool look average. Sancho, for a player who’s not been playing well, showed great composure. Great finish and Liverpool will be disappointed. Trent again on his heels. JUST IN: Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism "The way I’d describe it is United are at it. They’ve been aggressive, stretching Liverpool, opening them up. Disappointing they’ve only scored one goal, decision-making, they look sharp, fresh, the manager must be delighted. "[Bruno] Fernandes has been brilliant but they’ve gone back to basics. Out of possession and in possession they’ve been quality. Liverpool haven’t been great but they have quality. You need a bit of luck in this game, [James] Milner will be disappointed and United in their first-half performance deserve that. The plus for Liverpool for as poor as they’ve been it’s only 1-0, they’ll only get better but a slice of luck for United." DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesArsenal make Neto their 'priority' after lengthy Mendes talksFive players Arsenal could sign before deadline after Arteta admission  Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville was surprised at the Red Devils' performance, before Rashford put United 2-0 up in the second half. "I’m actually really proud of these Manchester United players as a fan and I never thought I’d say that after the last few weeks," Nevile told Sky Sports. "The fight and what they’ve been doing to Liverpool and then the quality they’ve put with it. Anyone who doubted United players could play at this level, they have." While Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher claimed his former side were "slow" in the first half and needed to improve. "They weren’t ready for a derby game," Carragher said. "Fair play to Manchester United they’ve been outstanding and it almost looks like a fresh, energetic team against a team of old men who can’t around the pitch."