Roses are grown right across the UK and often do well in the warm summer months. Though these bold flowers are relatively easy to grow, they can be hard to maintain when it comes to warding off pests, infections, and diseases. Fortunately, roses are often easy to keep healthy with the right treatment, but first, you need to know what to look for in order to rejuvenate your garden display. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said: “Roses seem to suffer from more than their fair share of problems. “It is probably partly because this much-loved plant is so widely grown, often in formal rose borders or gardens, and any pest, disease, or other problem is soon noticed.” Whether you grow climbing roses or have a sprawling shrub spread across your garden border, the glossy green leaves are often the most vulnerable to diseases and nuisance critters. According to John Moore, a professional gardener and founder of Pyracatha, the most common foliar diseases include sawfly, rust, powdery mildew, and black spot. READ MORE: ‘Just like that’: Homemade solution that gets rid of cockroaches There are around 500 species of sawfly in Britain, all of which produce caterpillar-like larvae that feed on plant material and are named after the saw-like egg-laying organ used by females to lay eggs in plant material. The RHS explained that large rose sawflies have pale spotted black, green, and yellow larvae that eat the leaves of roses, sometimes causing severe defoliation. When the critters feast on the deep green leaves which adorn rose plants, the foliage begins to roll down and into the shape of a tube. John said: “This needs to be treated immediately because the larvae of the sawfly will eventually eat the plants and can strip roses down to bare stems very quickly.” Since the larvae are soft-bodied, a homemade spray made of four tablespoons of dish soap and a gallon of water should help get them off your plants. According to Dre Campbell Farm, the stickiness impedes their ability to move and the film left by the soapy water kills the sawflies through suffocation. Rose rust often begins to appear towards the end of summer and presents itself as small yellow spots all over the leaves. John explained that orange pustules also appear, which is one of the key indicators of this common foliar problem. Rust is a fungal disease that can worsen if left untreated, and should always be taken seriously. Over time, the orange bulges will be replaced by black pustules as the season progresses. Fungicide treatment is the best way to treat this unsightly disease, though prevention is always better than cure. To treat rust with a natural solution, combine one tablespoon of baking soda with equal parts white vinegar and dilute with one cup of water. Stir in a drop of dish soap and one tablespoon of cooking oil and spray onto the affected areas. As a preventative step, remove any damaged parts of the plant without contaminating healthy growth to help the plant to regenerate. DON'T MISS:Tomato plants: How to grow ‘bigger and tastier’ tomatoes in gardens [INSIGHT]How to preserve food at home: 4 foods to preserve to reduce food waste [ANALYSIS]18 food storage hacks to make your shopping last longer [REVEAL] As the name suggests, black spot causes unpleasant dark spots to cover rose leaves. The foliage can even begin to fall off in severe cases of this fungal disease, which is renowned to be “quite damaging”, according to John. He explained that black spot usually manifests in black or purple spots that get bigger with time and eventually become lined with a yellow perimeter. If left untreated, the infection will spread to the other leaves, causing them all to die back and fall off. You can treat this by taking the same approach as you would with rose rust, by using a fungicide and removing any damaged leaves or stems to prevent the spread. Nothing can dull the glossy green leaves on roses more than powdery mildew, but the whole plant will suffer if left untreated. The RHS said: “The white, powdery fungal growth can be very disfiguring, with repeated heavy infection reducing plant vigour.” Like most mould and mildew-related diseases, this unpleasant substance is often caused by issues with soil conditions and water levels. John explained that stems, flower buds, and even the flowers can be affected by powdery mildew, and should be treated immediately. The RHS recommended the following solutions to resolve powdery mildew: