With more choosing open-plan living and adding extensions to their houses, the kitchen has increasingly become central to the look and feel of homes. No longer a space to shut the door and forget about, your kitchen is a showpiece as well as a practical space to prepare meals and dine. Wine cooler experts elitefridges.co.uk have shared five luxury items that are sure to give your kitchen that "wow factor”. Although style and taste are subjective, these luxury items are sure to grab the attention of anyone viewing your kitchen for the first time (and also happen to be very practical too). Wine is the perfect drink to store in the kitchen, and a wine fridge or a wine cabinet is “essential for enjoying it at the optimum temperature”, according to the pros. When inviting friends over to enjoy a glass of wine and a catch-up, a wine fridge is definitely going to grab their attention. The experts added: “As well as being very practical for storing wine, they also look fantastic and can be neatly slotted underneath cabinets or into kitchen walls. “You could even look at investing in a luxury wine wall. “Investing in a wine fridge is not only the perfect way to add a sense of luxury and style to the kitchen, but it allows you to enjoy wine at its absolute peak.” READ MORE: ‘Most underrated’ features that you ‘need’ in your kitchen Motion sensor taps are not only convenient but add a sense of class to kitchens. The kitchen experts said: “If you’re looking to combine wow factor with practicality, installing motion sensor taps is the perfect thing to do. “Being able to wave your hands in front of a sensor instead of getting dirty or soapy hands all over the handle is the work of magic and will automatically make your kitchen feel much more expensive.” They're also a great way to save water - especially if you're prone to forgetting to turn the taps off. DON'T MISS: I cleaned my greasy air fryer with a 10p cleaning hack [INSIGHT]How to prune lavender for a ‘full and compact’ plant - best technique [EXPERT]‘Worst times’ to pot new plants - leads to ‘soil losing moisture’ [TIPS] For those with a passion for cooking, they should definitely let it show by investing in some quality hardware. Say goodbye to the boring, bland knives that were bought way back when and hello to a set of beautiful, high-quality cutting utensils. The experts explained: “Quality cooking utensils not only needed to upgrade your kitchen's style but can make it so much easier to cook meals. “Have you ever tried cutting potatoes with a bland knife? Or trying to finely cut onions with an old knife? It's difficult, to say the least. “Taking the time to upgrade your cooking utensils will make cooking a much more enjoyable experience and make you the subject of your friends’ envy.” Homeowners can find a range of beautiful stands to display their cooking tools too, and having them on display will show any guests that you are a master in the kitchen. READ MORE: Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ Remember the days of manually making a cup of coffee in the morning? Those days are gone. Nothing says luxury and “wow”  like a brand new, top-of-the-line coffee maker. The experts said: “You can enjoy coffee like it’s meant to be enjoyed, with a premium taste and a wide range of added flavours to choose from. “A quality coffee maker will gain the gaze of friends and family, and might even convince them to pop over to yours for a cup instead of the local Starbucks.” LED lights might not necessarily sound like luxury items, but they can bring an incredible sense of style and colour to any kitchen space. Bringing alternative lighting into the kitchen is a great idea for anyone wanting to add focus to different areas of the kitchen. LED lights can be fitted underneath cabinets and drawers and even inside cabinets to shed some lights into the storage spaces. Being able to turn on lights in specific sections of the kitchen is fantastic when cooking or preparing, and can add a sense of luxury to the space.