  Fern Britton, 65, has talked about why she will never marry again and her thoughts on “sharing a bedroom” after her divorce. The former This Morning presenter has opened up about her love life following her high-profile split from Phil Vickery, 61, back in 2020.     Fern and Phil ended their marriage after 20 years, after originally meeting on the popular cookery game show Ready Steady Cook in 1994. Speaking about her love life, Fern revealed: “Being single has been liberating. I like being on my own. “I wouldn’t consider dating again at the moment. I really do enjoy being in my own bedroom, without sharing it’. “Looking back at my marriage it’s like a closed chapter after 20 years. I can think about the good things and laugh. READ MORE: TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son    “No way will I get married again. Although it would be awfully nice if a millionaire turned up with a flashy car and gave me a big diamond ring. We could have a lovely party, but not get married,” she concluded in her interview with Saga Magazine. Fern is well known for her bubbly personality and presented ITV’s This Morning from 1999 until 2009. Before that, she co-presented Breakfast Time in the 1980s, rising to fame when hosting cookery game show Ready Steady Cook between 1994 and 2000 on BBC One. She met TV chef Phil on the set of Ready Steady Cook and the pair tied the knot in 2000.     However, in January 2020, Fern announced the pair’s split on Twitter; with the news coming shortly after the death of her father, actor Tony Britton, in December 2019. Phil and Fern share a daughter, Winnie Vickery, who is now 21 years old. Fern also has three children from her first marriage to TV executive Clive Jones: twin boys Jack and Harry, 28, and a daughter named Grace, 25. The author has spent the last few decades in the public eye, publishing a number of bestselling novels and participating in 2012’s series of Strictly Come Dancing opposite dancer Artem Chigvintsev. READ MORE... Amanda Holden 51 oozes sex appeal as she steps out of ocean in bikini [PIC] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [NEWS] 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT]     Fern is currently promoting her book The Good Servant, which she hopes will "revive the reputation” of Marion Crawford. Marion, whom the book centres around, was the governess to a young Princess Margaret and Princess Elizabeth. The once beloved, motherly figure was later shunned by the Royal Family after releasing a book about her time with them. Marion was socially ostracised following the publication of her book The Little Princesses, and neither the Queen nor any other member of the Royal Family ever spoke to her again.     Neither the Queen, the Queen Mother nor Princess Margaret also sent a wreath to her funeral when she died in 1988 at the age of 78. This is the first of Fern’s novels not to be set in Cornwall, where the star has now moved to live full-time. Read the full interview with Fern in the September issue of Saga Magazine. The Good Servant, published by HarperCollins, is out now and available for £14.99 from Waterstones, Amazon and other retailers.   