The Duchess of Cambridge was seen arriving in Scotland with Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis and their nanny after flying economy. But where will the royals spend the end of the summer break? It is believed the Cambridges were heading to Balmoral after landing in Scotland. A TikTok video showed the royals disembarking the plane before the rest of the passengers as a couple of members of security followed them. TikTok user @turbom1k3y, who shared the video, explained: "On a flight to Scotland, Kate Middleton, both kids, nanny and security two rows in front of me. Could get a private jet or helicopter but keeping it simple, flying economy. "She even got up half way through the flight to get her daughter's iPad. And yes, she was stunning, even gave me a smile while looking back at row behind her to talk to her son. "No one on board took any photos or videos. Just a mum taking her children on holiday to see grandmother, but there was a buzz on board," they added. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below READ MORE: Passport warning: ‘Most important’ rule change since Brexit  It is believed Prince William will be travelling separately with Prince George and joining the rest of the family in the next few days. The Cambridges will spend the last weeks of August in the Queen's Scottish residence, Balmoral Castle. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge often spend part of their summer break in Balmoral with Her Majesty and it is reported they enjoy spending time with other members of the Royal Family who also visit the Queen in August. Balmoral Castle is located in Aberdeenshire, and the nearest village is Crathie.  Balmoral, in the Scottish Highlands, is surrounded by beautiful coastline and stunning scenery and is a very affordable destination to visit in the summer months. The castle is open to the public and can be visited from April to July when the Royal Family are not in residence. Janice S, who visited Balmoral Castle, explained on Tripadvisor: "A lovely place to go for a day out and if you have visitors they would love it. You only get into the gardens and other parts of it. "You get into the ballroom where you can't take pictures I'm afraid and it's a lovely room. The scenery is amazing." READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk In Crathie, travellers can visit Crathie Kirk or the Royal Lochnagar Distillery. On Tripadvisor, Robin L shared a review saying: "Pleasant little church famous for its royal connection. A place for quiet reflection or to buy some gifts." Near Balmoral, holidaymakers can visit the Cairngorms National Park, a "gorgeous" spot to visit in summer, according to a traveller. A holidaymaker named Citallwic explained: "A scenic drive to remember. I had read enough about the Cairngorms beforehand to know that we would be in for a visual treat when our tour bus got to Cairngorms National Park. "The Cairngorms proved to be everything I had hoped for and more. What gorgeous scenery! It would have been nice to explore the park on foot, but the scenic drive was very special." Another one, named Vriesche, added: "Beautiful national park! Went hiking here for a few days. Beautiful park. "Did not see any other people... It was really great. The highlands are beautiful, such a great place to set up camp and do hiking." Balmoral's nearest airport is Aberdeen and flights from London in August start at £52 with low-cost airline easyJet.