Piers Morgan, 57, is known for his strong opinions, especially about Meghan Markle, 41, with them worsening since he stepped down from his role on Good Morning Britain last year. The TalkTV host admitted he felt "sick" after Meghan called herself a "real-life princess" in a new interview. Piers has been very vocal on his strong opinion against Meghan, with the presenter finding plenty of opportunities to criticise the Duchess of Sussex. Today was no different as the former Good Morning Britain presenter took to Twitter to share his view on Meghan's latest interview. News website, The Cut, interviewed the Duchess and shared a snippet from the interview on Twitter. They wrote: "Meghan is still very aware that people see her as a princess: 'It’s important to be thoughtful about it… there are little girls that I meet and they’re just like, ‘Oh my God, it’s a real-life princess'." READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims Piers responded in view of his 7.9 million followers with just a "sick" emoji. This is not the first time the outspoken journalist has hit out at A-lister, with the presenter continually mocking Meghan as "Princess Pinocchio". Meghan's podcast, Archetypes, was recently released and was met with one-star reviews from The Times, giving Piers the perfect opportunity for criticism. Commenting on Daily Mail senior reporter Claudia Aoraha’s tweet about the podcast, Piers once again dubbed Meghan "Princess Pinocchio". He wrote: "It’s not your ambition we dislike, Princess Pinocchio - it’s the vile way you trash the Royal Family whilst simultaneously exploiting your royal status for millions of dollars as with this podcast." The podcast, hosted by Meghan, will see her speak to experts, historians and women who have suffered being branded with "labels that hold women back” in order to explore the issue. Archetypes released it's latest episode last week and is only available on Spotify. Meghan and Prince Harry signed a deal with the streaming platform in late 2020, which is estimated to be worth around £18m. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry slammed by Karren Brady over private jet flight [OPINION] Si King says Dave Myers is still 'in the trenches' in health update [HEALTH] Victoria Beckham screams at David as she 'overcomes greatest fear' [VIDEO] Since then, the couple had only released one episode, a holiday special in December that year, which featured their son Archie and celebrity guests including Elton John, James Corden and Tyler Perry. The delay in new content coincided with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s concerns about the spread of misinformation on the platform amid the Joe Rogan controversy. As a result, Spotify placed content warnings on podcasts that feature discussion about Covid. Announcing Archetypes, Spotify and Archewell Audio said in a statement: "Spotify and Archewell Audio both value responsible stewardship of the audio landscape, and as explained recently, are committed to working closely to support transparency and strong principles of trust and safety." Piers was also left defending himself last week, when political activist Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamim branded the presenter "unhinged" as well as accusing him of "unjustified hatred". She concluded her statement: "It's not criticism (objective or otherwise). It's racially motivated bigoted hate gaslit as 'difference of opinion'." However, Piers quickly fired back: "This is a typically disgusting & defamatory tweet from Britain’s most disgusting race-baiter. "My views of Ms Markle have nothing to do with her skin colour, and everything to do with the way she trashes the Royal Family whilst fleecing her royal status for massive financial gain."