Russia is engaged in considerable military activity in the east, northeast and south of Ukraine, a statement by the General Staff of the Armed forces said on Wednesday night. In the northeastern region of Kharkiv, where Ukrainian forces have had success in expelling Russian troops, Russian forces shelled a dozen towns with tank fire and launched air strikes, the statement said. Shelling was also carried out near the central town of Kramatorsk, which Russian forces hope to capture as they move south, the military said. There was shelling in about eight towns and villages, it said. But in a video released on Wednesday by the "45 separate artillery brigade of the Armed Forces of Ukraine", Russian tanks are seen trying to escape aerial strikes unsuccessfully. Sharing the video on social media, the brigade wrote: "In Kharkiv region, aerial reconnaissance recorded the removal of a large number of enemy equipment and personnel in order to advance to our positions. "As a result of the successful adjustment of fire from the air, the Russian equipment was destroyed. "The break through has been halted! 62nd Division 45 Oabr - we work for you!" Russia has started creating a military strike force aimed at Zelensky's hometown of Kryvyi Rih in central Ukraine, the Ukrainian military said. The steel-producing city of Kryvyi Rih where Zelensky grew up lies around 50 km (30 miles) from the southern frontline. Pavlo Kyrylenko, governor of the Donetsk region, said on the Telegram app that three civilians had been killed in Bakhmut, Maryinka and Shevchenko and five wounded in the past 24 hours. Governors of the Mykolaiv, Kharkiv, Dnipropetrovsk regions reported that their regions had been shelled overnight, and civilian infrastructure, houses had been damaged. "The idea is to put military pressure on us in Kharkiv, Donetsk and Luhansk over the next few weeks...What is happening in the east is not what will determine the outcome of the war," Ukrainian Presidential Adviser Oleksiy Arestovych said in an interview appearing on YouTube. READ MORE: Zelensky savages 'disgusting' ex-German Chancellor The whole point of the Russian offensive in the east is to force Ukraine to divert troops from the area that is truly a danger - Zaporizhzhia, Arestovych added. Mayor Yevhen Yevtushenko of Nikopol, west of Zaporizhzhia in central Ukraine, said his city had been shelled overnight. Russia in March was accused of firing shells dangerously close to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, as its forces took it over in the first weeks of the invasion. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Completely out of control' UN issues nuclear warnining [LIVE BLOG]ANOTHER Putin general killed in Ukraine: Russian wiped out [INSIGHT]Zelensky warns situation at Ukraine power plant ‘out of control’ [VIDEO]  US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has accused Moscow of using Ukraine's largest nuclear power plant as a "nuclear shield" in attacks on Ukrainian forces. Russia denies it targets civilians, but many towns and cities have been destroyed and thousands killed in the biggest conflict in Europe since World War Two. Ukraine and its Western allies accuse Russian forces of war crimes.