A cancer patient claimed he had lost sleep and suffered anxiety after being slapped with an “unfair” parking ticket during the Commonwealth Games. Many drivers who attended the Women's T20 Cricket final on August 7 parked on a road near Edgbaston Stadium, claiming there were no restriction signs along the street. After enjoying the match, several visitors were baffled to find parking tickets attached to their windscreens. Many of them appealed the notices, only for Birmingham City Council to reject their claims. Retiree Robert Jones, 70, a volunteer for cancer charity Help Harry Help Others, took a charity client to the match who had received treatment and counselling for cancer. The client also reportedly suffers from anxiety. He parked on Amesbury Road at around 9am just 15 minutes away from the stadium. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known car cooling trick instead of air con Mr Jones told BirminghamLive: "It spoilt the day. The client I took was so thankful but the ticket caused him a lot of anxiety. He said he couldn't sleep that night because the ticket caused him so much bother. “It put a dampener on the whole day. I think it’s typical bureaucracy gone wrong. "They said there was a 'no waiting' sign on a 30-mile traffic sign and even sent a picture of it, but I went back to look and it’s not there. DON'T Drivers urged to follow ‘very important’ fuel-saving tip to save money [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for driving in heavy rain [WARNING] Drivers warned of no-go overnight parking spaces [ADVICE] “I think they used old evidence and it’s obvious they got some facts wrong." Helen Peters, 35, from Solihull also parked on the same road with her son. She claimed she saw no signs just like Mr Jones. MS Peters added: "I am completely flabbergasted, it was a lovely day at the games that was spoilt as my son loves cricket. "There were no signs or cones so we parked on that side of the road. Once we saw the parking ticket we even took pictures of the road and still couldn't see the signs. READ MORE: Motorists could save £2,000 per year for driving an electric car "I want to contest but the Council told us there was signage on the road. They said it was on the back of a '30 miles' traffic sign but none of us saw it. “We can’t even contest until early September but by then the fine will go higher, so we are caught in a trap. "Parking charges are something no one likes and its ignorant that there was no signage. I want the fines cancelled for everyone who parked on that road. “Bills have gone up so it is tough for everyone, the council letter we received felt threatening and like bullying." Another driver Raj Sharma, 45, from Walsall said: "It’s disheartening even if it’s not a massive amount of money. “In the spirit of the games we went to support our country and for great entertainment. "We followed all the rules and took caution, we will pay the fine but I will appeal again. It's not about the money but about the principle." A spokesperson for Birmingham City Council said: "As always with parking fines, if anyone feels they have been fined unfairly they can appeal." This isn't the first time the Commonwealth Games have experienced parking ticket drama. Just before the event, furious residents living near Alexander Stadium in Perry Barr were wrongly given parking fines despite displaying Birmingham 2022 permits.