Lee Juggurnauth joined the A Place in the Sun family last year, and ever since, he has helped several house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. Along with his Channel 4 co-stars, Lee travels to many exotic countries, and over the course of a week, he shows his buyers five properties in the hopes they fall in love with at least one. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Lee opened up about one property search in particular. Discussing the latest series, which is currently airing on Channel 4, Lee said: “All I can say is they're all really really exciting. “Italy was great, it was lovely to be out there. I had a really nice couple that came out and we were able to help them find where they wanted to be and see their journey develop." “I think that's the beauty of this show,” the property expert added. When looking at properties, Lee’s mission is always to try and meet his house hunter’s criteria. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation However, admittedly, Lee explained that isn’t always possible and sometimes he doesn’t get it right. Recalling one episode with sisters Roz and Liz, Lee said despite it being one of his favourite episodes to film, the siblings did have some disagreements about the home they were looking for. “They stayed in my mind because they were very sincere, very humble and you could see how much it meant to them,” he said. “And I think the beauty of seeing Roz and Liz when we were in France all together was that sibling bond, no matter how old or young you are, [the bond] will always be there. “And it just showed that even though they had kids themselves…grown-up kids, they were fundamentally still sisters. “So, to see that dynamic, it was very emotional.” Opening up about a show first for him, Lee said during the search, he was looking for two houses, instead of one. Roz and Liz wanted to live on the same plot of land, but not in the same property. DON'T MISS...Sam Heughan in sweet tribute to Outlander co-stars ‘Whole gang' [INSIGHT]Martin Roberts stunned as buyer wishes 'mouldy' and house was worse [VIDEO]Emmerdale fans 'work' out Naomi Walters' link to Meena [REACTION] The property expert recalled: “It was one of those things where we were looking at properties and they were very specific and what they wanted. “They didn’t want to live in the same house [in France], so you find a house and there's always a guest house next to it. “So, you know, they were like 'Who's going to be in the guest house?’ because I guess it was going to be smaller. “But they'd obviously discussed who was having what house.” Over the past couple of years, A Place in the Sun has seen a shake-up in its presenters. As well as Lee, property experts Leah Charles-King and Craig Rowe have been added to the line-up. However, the show has also seen some of the presenters moving on to new projects. Danni Menzies quit the programme earlier this year to work on roles closer to home, while Scarlette Douglas confirmed her departure last week. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.