The Prince of Wales and the Duchess used their official Twitter account to post an image of themselves with two cute dogs. They also used the post as an opportunity to pay tribute to Battersea Dogs Home and Medical Detection Dogs for their work helping the animals.  The royal couple added that Camilla’s dogs Beth and Bluebell had been adopted from Battersea Dogs Homes. They also used the social media platform to praise the work of Medical Detection Dogs, which trains dogs to detect human diseases. They said: “Happy International Dog Day! “A time to celebrate our beloved canine companions as well as championing the work that organisations such as @battersea_ and @meddetectdogs do to help dogs everywhere.  "The Duchess’s own dogs, Beth and Bluebell, were adopted from @battersea_ the charity which has rehomed more than three million animals since being founded in 1860. “The @meddetectdogs charity trains dogs to detect human disease and support people with life-threatening health conditions, saving lives on a daily basis and helping the NHS by reducing hospital admissions.” Royal fans were left delighted on Twitter at the enthusiasm for canines shown by the royal couple. User @his2reelover said: “Thanks for rescuing and bringing awareness to homeless animals! Beth and Bluebell are lucky pups.” READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan 'did not want to listen' to husband  Another user @judithl18126587 added: “What a beautiful, homey photo. There is no place like home, perhaps most especially for loved canine friends.” User @dancaramor chimed in: “From the depth of my heart, I really love to join the royal family of the Queen of the World.” Meanwhile user @imoverhere1 added: “Love this photo! You both look so happy! Thank you for posting! Love to you both from Ireland!” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Nothing ever enough! Meghan backlash [REVEAL] Meghan Markle podcast eviscerated by readers  [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [SPOTLIGHT]  Another user @wendygoat26 commented: “What a wonderful casual relaxed picture of Charles Camilla and their dogs, so lovely.” User @fereshtehemami said: “What a lovely photo of my future king and queen. You look so happy. Love the dogs as well.” Account @barbara54788309 added: “Beautiful picture of both of you. Love the doggies.” The account @myramor59238221 chimed in: “Loved Diana and always will, but love Charles and Camila too! Their love for each other radiates.” Another account @mouroslaura commented “Awe I love this, they look so happy and so do Charles and Camilla!” 