Footage taken at the Spring Hotel Bitacora, Playa de las Américas, shows waves of tourists — including Britons — racing at the crack of dawn to secure a privileged position to enjoy the day during their Canary Island holiday. The determined tourists, running with towels, sun cream and swimming costumes under their arms, can be seen in action in a clip shared on TikTok. Some travellers, including from the United Kingdom, reportedly waited 90 minutes in the morning before staff at the four-star hotel allowed them outside to the disputed sun loungers. Chloe Turner, who filmed the footage, said: "Another day, another 'sun-bed war' as rival groups advanced from all sides to claim their place." Writing on the social media platform, some blasted the behaviour as "sad" and "embarrassing". READ MORE: UK drivers warned of potential fines for driving a petrol or diesel vehicle in Spain One user said: "Sad. They take all their hostility and tensions with them on holiday." Another wrote: "Bunch of idiots." A third person commented: "Embarrassing or what..." One user seemed understanding of the tourists, suggesting their behaviour was the result of hotels lacking enough sun beds. They said: "You need to secure a sun lounger sometimes." Spain is a long-time favourite among British holidaymakers. More than 18 million British tourists visited the Mediterranean destination in 2019, the most recent year of unrestricted international travel, according to price comparison website Finder. But as Europe battles a blistering heatwave, new energy-saving rules announced by Madrid last week might lead tourists to think twice before booking their flights to the likes of the Canary Islands, Majorca or the ever-so-popular Costa Blanca and Costa del Sol. DON'T MISSThe REAL Liz: How Truss will focus on delivery [INSIGHT]‘Sussexes are unpredictable’ Harry tipped to reveal 'royal racist' [REPORT]‘Meteorological mayhem’ set to rock Britain [FORECAST] In a bid cut its gas use by seven percent under a recent European Union deal to reduce the bloc's reliance on Russia, hospitality venues will no longer be allowed to set their cooling systems below 27C in summer. In winter, the new set of rules dictates heating cannot be set above 19C. The measures will apply to offices, shops, bars, and restaurants as well as public transport systems and transport centres. Stores will be required to keep their doors shut to maintain temperatures. One tourism chief slammed the initiative, arguing tourists will be "roasted". Francisco Salado, the president of Costa del Sol's tourism board, said: "It is as if this decree had been written by a martian, someone who is deeply ignorant of our country and who has not consulted with anyone." Called on Pedro Sánchez's government "to spend mental energy on more effective measures", Mr Salado added: "We want satisfied tourists, not roasted tourists or those who are afraid to walk the dark streets."