Andy Murray earned his first win of the North American hard-court season as he battled past old foe Stan Wawrinka in a thrilling three-set encounter. The world No 47 needed two hours and 57 minutes to book his spot in the second round with a 7-6(3) 5-7 7-5 victory in what was the 22nd meeting between the two three-time Grand Slam champions. Murray and Wawrinka were meeting for the 22nd time, and the first since the Swiss star underwent double foot surgery last year. The former world No 1 had made it into the Cincinnati main draw as a last-minute addition following several withdrawals and was placed to face his fellow three-time Grand Slam champion. It was the former world No 3 created the first break point chance of the match but it was swiftly saved by the two-time former champion in Cincinnati. At 5-5 on the Murray serve, when Wawrinka hit a powerful overhead that the world No 47 could only hit like a cricket shot, gifting his opponent two break points that he once again saved. The opening set went to a tiebreak, where it was Murray who got off to a fast start and took a 2-0 lead with the mini-break, and he earned another in the final point of the set to take it 7-6(3). Both men were inseparable once more in the second set though Wawrinka improved on the return while Murray began to drop off on his second serve. The current 306 was the first to create a break-point chance again, this time coming at 4-3 as he nabbed his first break of the match to serve for a deciding third set but the two-time former champion broke straight back to love. JUST IN: Russian tennis star gets fan with Ukraine flag kicked out by security Serving at 5-6, the 35-year-old hit a double fault and broke his string on the next point, giving Wawrinka two set points. He then dumped the ball in the net to give the 37-year-old the second set 7-5 and appeared physically hindered at the start of the first set. Murray threw in an underarm serve and was broken to go 0-2 down but he broke straight back before receiving treatment in the next two changeovers for cramp. Both men needed attention at one point, with the physio attending to Wawrinka while the two-time champion was seen by the doctor. Tensions grew in the third set as both men could be heard screaming in frustration before a couple of costly mistakes saw Wawrinka saving a break point at 5-5, as Murray fired the ball past him to break and earn the opportunity to serve for the match. The 36-year-old kept himself alive as he came from 30-0 down and saved two match points. There was drama as the world No 47 received a time violation and lost his first serve on his third match point, failing to close it out. DON'T MISSKyrgios fires sharp reply after being called out for slating rivalDjokovic US Open petition flying with Serb set to get update 'soon'Raducanu gives update on new Russian coach as Tursunov returns But it was fourth time lucky for the 35-year-old who finally closed out a three-set victory over his old rival and let out a loud "yeah". The win allowed Murray to extend his head-to-head record over Wawrinka to 13 wins against nine losses, and will also be a welcome victory for the Brit as his first of the North American hard-court season after back-to-back losses in Washington and Montreal. Murray is now aiming to boost his ranking and earn a seeded position at the upcoming US Open. After losing his Citi Open clash to Mikael Ymer, the world No 47 said: “It's still possible to do it. I would just need to have a good run in Canada or Cincinnati really. It's pretty straightforward." And it will be an all-British affair for Murray in the second round, as he will take on either British No 1 Cam Norrie after the 26-year-old won his first-ever match at the Western & Southern Open over Danish teenager Holger Rune.   