Chelsea are on the verge of signing defender Marc Cucurella from Brighton in a deal worth £52.5million, despite Brighton denying an agreement. The Blues jumped in ahead of Manchester City in the race to sign the Spaniard, with young defender Levi Colwill likely to move in the opposite direction. Cucurella has been in-demand all summer following an impressive debut Premier League campaign. Man City were the early frontrunners, with Pep Guardiola keen to sign a new left-back. But the Premier League champions pulled out of a move over Brighton’s staunch £50m demand. City had a £40m bid rejected by the Seagulls and that was as high as they were willing to go. Cucurella handed in a formal transfer request last week and was granted time off to clear his thoughts. The 24-year-old missed Brighton’s pre-season friendly with Espanyol. JUST IN: Ronaldo 'disappointed' after Atletico development as deadline nears City’s hesitance over a deal allowed Chelsea to move ahead and Express Sport understands a £52.5m fee has been agreed. Chelsea are also expected to allow young defender Levi Colwill to join Brighton. Discussions between the clubs over the past few weeks have also involved the 19-year-old, who spent last season on loan at Huddersfield. However, that will be an entirely separate transfer to the one that will see Cucurella join Chelsea. The west Londoners’ offer is not a player-plus-cash proposal. Chelsea are usually keen to include a buy-back clause in any transfer that sees their young stars leave permanently. Brighton are understood to prefer a clause that will allow the Blues first refusal if a bid from another club is made. That is the same deal Chelsea have with Crystal Palace for centre-back Marc Guehi. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with BarcelonaChelsea bid over £50m for Cucurella as 2nd Brighton deal discussedTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd 'confirm' new talks, Chelsea's secret deal A move for Cucurella will please Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel, who has grown frustrated by the lack of activity in the transfer market this summer. Tuchel’s squad needed plenty of additions at the end of last season. So far, only Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly have arrived at Stamford Bridge from a first-team perspective. Chelsea will crack on with further deals in the coming weeks as they mount a challenge for the Premier League title. Wesley Fofana, Frenkie de Jong, Benjamin Sesko and Denzel Dumfries are all on their radar as they look to do more deals before the window closes. Leicester are adamant that centre-back Fofana will not be sold. But the Foxes need to balance their books before they can complete their own business. They are the only Premier League club yet to make a senior outfield addition. Meanwhile, Chelsea could beat Manchester United to both Barcelona midfielder De Jong and RB Salzburg striker Sesko. Inter Milan wing-back Dumfries is also of interest.