Rishi Sunak was confronted over his loyalty to outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson during a tense question and answer session at the live Sky News Conservative leadership election debate on Thursday evening. The former Chancellor, whose resignation helped bring about Mr Johnson's downfall, suggested their split was not driven by personal ambition but by economic policy telling the audience: "We had well-documented differences of opinion on economic policy as you can see from this leadership campaign by the way. "It is simply impossible for a Chancellor and Prime Minister not to be on the same page when it comes to economic policy that doesn't make sense. So of course, I had no chance but to go." The former Chancellor went on to point out that 60 Conservative MPs had also resigned from the Government. "They, didn't all have websites registered in December last year did they Rishi? You've been campaigning for a long time," snapped back a member of the audience member. "It was perfectly timed. A cynical motivation to get you into Number 10." READ MORE: Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans ‘Can’t do that!’  "That is simply not true," blasted Mr Sunak, in response. "So I was due to give a speech with the prime minister the next week, and in the conversations about putting that speech together on the economy, it was clear on differences were too big to reconcile." "So that was the reason but I think let's not look at the history of Basque with rose-tinted spectacles here," he added. "Everyone remembers what was going on with Chris Pincher, right?! That was a serious ethical question that the government was on the wrong side of again, and I couldn't defend it. Maybe you're okay to defend that. I wasn't okay to defend it, 60 other members of the government were not okay to defend it because it was wrong!"  Mr Sunak has vowed he will not concede despite Liz Truss being the frontrunner, and pledged to "fight incredibly hard 'til the last day" of the leadership campaign. The former chancellor told a Conservative party member who asked if there was a point when he would stand aside: "The quick answer is no, and that's because I'm fighting for something I really believe in and I'm taking my ideas around the country. "I'm talking to all of you, our members across the country about what I think is best for our country at a really difficult time. And I want to have that debate with people because I passionately believe what I'm saying is right. I want to convince as many people of that as possible and hopefully I can do that with you all tonight." He added: "I'm going to fight incredibly hard 'til the last day of this campaign for each and every one of your votes. DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT] "The stakes are really high. I'm passionate at what I believe in, and I want to try and convince you all that I'm right." Mr Sunak also said he was not "promising 10s and 10s of billions of pounds of goodies" in an apparent swipe at Liz Truss's plans for tax cuts. He described such an approach as "risky" and said he wanted to "be honest" with the country. He told the audience at the Sky Tory leadership debate: "I'm not sitting here or standing here promising you 10s and 10s of billions of pounds of goodies straightaway, because I don't think that's the right thing to do for our economy. I think it's risky. I think it risks making the inflation problem far worse and costing you all far more.