Mackenzie (played by Lawrence Robb) recently discovered his girlfriend, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) was pregnant with his baby and he was overjoyed with the news. As the couple look set to begin a family, new challenges will come up which will test them but the Emmerdale stalwart not be expecting to hear some shocking news about her partner. With the milestone episodes of the ITV soap set to air this October, it could be Mackenzie is going to be in big trouble as it seems he could be connected to Amelia Spencer's (Daisy Campbell) baby. The teenager also recently discovered she was pregnant, although the identity of the child's father has so far remained under wraps. In last week's episodes, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) was ruled out as the youngster admitted it was a boy who she went to church with. This could be a cover story for who the real father is as Amelia could know the person who got her pregnant could have broken the law. As the storyline is set to feature many twists and turns, it could be Mackenzie is the baby's father, meaning he will be expecting two children in as many months. However, if the rest of the village and the authorities discover his link to the baby, he could be in big trouble as he would have slept with someone who was underage. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery Although Mackenzie and Charity's relationship has been on better terms since the beginning of the year, the former could have been feeling neglected. With Charity's focus on renovating the pub, he could have felt pushed to the side and getting drunk one night, he could have made a big mistake. As Amelia will have been feeling self-conscience because of the comments Noah made about her appearance, she could have bumped into Mackenzie. Seeing the youngster was upset, he could have sat down and listened to her and told her how his stepson was completely wrong. Feeling grateful for the reassurance, Amelia could have misread the signals and kissed Mackenzie, who might not have stopped the situation which unfolded. Knowing he did something illegal, the next morning Mackenzie would have made Amelia promise not to tell anyone what happened. Wanting to make things work with Charity, he could have put what happened between him and Amelia to the back of his mind. Even when he discovered Amelia was pregnant recently, he might not have connected the dots that he might be the father. However, when Amelia's waters break in the show's 50th-anniversary episodes, she could need the support of the baby's father. Will she reveal she slept with Mackenzie or will she keep his identity a secret? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [ANALYSIS]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES] Taking to Twitter, viewers have predicted this sinister twist, with Ryan writing: "Imagine if Amelia's baby was Mack's #Emmerdale." Melanie added on the social media platform: "People speculating Mackenzie is Amelia’s baby daddy…just no...please God no. #emmerdale." Polly posted: "Is Mackenzie going to be a double daddy? #Emmerdale." Could it be one of the biggest plot twists in recent times is set to take place this Autumn and will Mackenzie have to face the consequences of his actions? The actor who plays Mackenzie, Lawrence, has spoken out about his character's inclusion in the 50th-anniversary celebrations. The soap star explained: "I’ve definitely been busier in the last month and gently coming back into it, which is great. "I think every one is getting busier in preparation for the 50th I think everyone is going to have a little slice of the pie. "Everyone’s going to be involved in some format on the 50th so I think everyone’s getting a wee bit busier. There’s definitely a lot of gritty stuff coming up about Charity’s pregnancy and how Mack deals with it. "So, he is busying up, in a word," the actor said. Executive producer for the show, Jane Hudson, also teased the drama to come in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. Jane explained: "We're going to be having a golden month of celebration to mark our 50th. There are going to be mind-blowing stunts, more heartbreaks, secrets and lies are revealed. "It's going to be the gift that keeps on giving and the party no one wants to end. "Our 2022 is very much going to be building our stories for the 50th golden month of celebrations. We need to make this the biggest year we've ever had. "There are some really big things that will test couples' strength and them as parents, so there is a lot in store," she added. So could one of the secrets set to be revealed be Mackenzie's link to Amelia's pregnancy? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.