Attention at Chelsea soon must turn to extending the contracts of key players, or else Todd Boehly will find himself desperately trying to recruit new signings, again. Key assets leaving as free agents or for less than their market value has caused the Blues significant issues this summer, and that predicament could become a theme in the coming seasons. According to the Daily Mail, Chelsea have opened talks with Edouard Mendy over a new contract – with his current deal expiring in 2025. The Senegal international has been the first name on the teamsheet since he joined the club from Rennes, though extension negotiations are far from fast-paced. It is reported that following initial conversations, it has already become apparent that there is ‘significant distance’ between the starting positions of Chelsea and Mendy’s representatives. The Blues certainly have time on their side with negotiations, but the shot-stopper has been integral for Thomas Tuchel and tying him down on a bumper, long-term deal is the ideal safety net to preserve his status at the club and his valuation. One player whose contract expiry is edging closer is Mason Mount, who is waiting for a new deal. It was reported by The Athletic in July that the England international is happy at his boyhood club and was awaiting negotiations to open. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd contact 'technical' winger, De Jong phone call, Spurs bid Liverpool and Manchester City have both been linked with Mount this summer and are thought to be keeping tabs on his contractual situation, which remains unresolved. Although it is hard to see the 23-year-old having a sudden change of heart, nothing is set in stone and a season as a rotational option, for example, could be enough for the playmaker to doubt whether penning a new deal in London is the right decision. Mount would only have to ask team-mate Christian Pulisic about what it is like having doubts over your future, as the winger is reportedly undecided as to whether to remain at Chelsea. The Athletic reported that the former Borussia Dortmund winger is hesitant about penning a new deal due to already having restricted opportunities under Tuchel. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag ‘picks player to be dropped’ once Rabiot sealedChelsea 'keen on third Barcelona star' after De Jong and AubameyangMan Utd abruptly cancel Arnautovic bid as Richard Arnold emailed 'directly' Pulisic made 22 league appearances for the Blues last season, starting 13 games, and often found himself as a rotational option rather than one of the team’s most important assets. And with his contract also expiring in 2024, it will be important for Boehly to wrap up a new deal for the American in the next 12 months. Midfield pair N’Golo Kante and Jorginho are the two players that are likely to be seen by Tuchel as the priority to open negotiations with though as they are both out of contract in 2023. Thiago Silva is also set to become a free agent next year and, despite being 37, could be a significant loss whilst the team are still in the heart of a defensive crisis.