Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, celebrates her 41st birthday today, and perhaps one of the Duchess' most iconic moments ever was her and Prince Harry's wedding in 2018. Although rumours of a rift between Prince Harry and Prince William would abound in later years, it was clear on Harry's wedding day that William was incredibly happy for his little brother and his stunning new wife. But the famous camaraderie the nation saw between the brothers when Harry was the best man at William and Kate Middleton's 2011 wedding seemed to be missing from their relationship at Harry and Meghan's nuptials, according to an expert. Speaking of Prince William's wedding day, body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk: "There was a very different vibe between Harry and William at Harry’s wedding to their body language behaviour and roles at William’s big day. "Harry was the perfect support and wingman for his older brother at his wedding to Kate. "While William suppressed his own nerves it was royal joker Harry who was clearly on hand to make him laugh and relax. "William’s body language often became formal but Harry’s naughty grins and tie-sign glances that were aimed at his brother sustained the right level of fun beneath the heavy weight of the formality. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William urged to 'give up favourite perk'  "It was easy to see how close the two men were and how much they still seemed to depend on each other for emotional back-up and support." Seven years later, it was Harry's turn to be the royal groom and William would be there to support him. But at the ceremony at St George's Chapel, Windsor, there appeared to be "signs of some cooling" in their relationship. Ms James explained: "Photos taken ‘backstage’ showed less appearances from William, while Harry’s normally fun role evaporated as both his nerves and his utter adoration of his bride took over.  "Harry was a changed man, looking steam-rollered by love and it was easy to see that Meghan was now number one in his life. "The brothers showed echoes of the kind of non-verbal banter they used to be known for, but Harry had grown up and become a husband and future father in his own right. "The two men exchanged grins as they waited for the bride to appear but the smiles were more social than a sign of deep links of humour and empathy." A year later, Harry would publicly acknowledge the status of his relationship with his brother in an ITV documentary, Harry & Meghan: An African Journey. DON'T MISS:Meghan wedding struggle 'after rude' to aide [INSIGHT]'Stick to rescuing chickens’ Thomas Markle attacks sister Meghan [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [LIVE]  Harry said the two of them were "on different paths at the moment" but that he loved William "dearly". He said: “But look, we’re brothers, we’ll always be brothers. And we’re certainly on different paths at the moment, but I’ll always be there for him, as I know he’ll always be there for me.” Harry also discussed his relationship with his brother in his bombshell TV interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, and he said his relationship with William was "space" at the minute. Harry said: “As I’ve said before, I love William to bits. He’s my brother. We’ve been to hell together." He added: “The relationship is ‘space’ at the moment. And time heals all things, hopefully.” After the interview, William was asked if he'd spoken to his brother yet, to which he replied: “No, I haven’t spoken to him yet but I will.” The pair put everything behind them to attend a statue unveiling at Kensington Palace in July 2021, to mark what would have been their mother Princess Diana's 60th birthday. And in June of this year, the brothers both appeared at the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's life and reign at St Paul's Cathedral, to mark the Platinum Jubilee.  