The economy has been the main battleground between Mr Sunak and Liz Truss. And the former chancellor yesterday condemned the Foreign Secretary's plan to reverse the hike in National Insurance. Accusing the foreign secretary of taking a risk with savings and pensions, Mr Sunak said his priority was not to take measures that will cause damage. Someone earning £24,100 a year would save £180 under Liz Truss's plan to reverse the increase in National Insurance, according to HMRC, while higher-paid workers would gain considerably more. The Tory leadership contender said: "The priority for me is not to do things that make it worse and I think putting £40billion plus, and borrowed money, into an economy that's seeing an inflation spiral does risk doing so. "It might be okay but I think it means taking a gamble with people's savings, their pensions and their mortgage rates. It's not a gamble I'm prepared to take." He added: "It's simply wrong to rule out further direct support at this time as Liz Truss has done, and what's more, her tax proposals are not going to help very significantly people like pensioners or those on low incomes who are exactly the kind of families that are going to need help." He added the British people deserved "clear-eyed realism and not starry-eyed boosterism".  Mr Sunak has pledged billions more to help families through the cost-of-living crisis, saying if he became prime minister he would "go further" than the support he announced when he was chancellor, once there was "certainty about exactly what bills are going to be in the autumn". Former Tory Party co-chairman Oliver Dowden, who is backing Mr Sunak in the leadership race, labelled Liz Truss's planned reversal of the rise in National Insurance contributions "insufficient". "You're going to see energy bills going up to almost £4,000 but reversing the National Insurance contributions will benefit someone working full time on the national living wage only by less than £60. Contrast that with whoever the prime minister is - they'll get a benefit of about £1,800. "This isn't the way to help people through this very difficult period".  Mr Dowden added: "We have been clear that we will provide direct support and that tax cuts will not be sufficient." Mr Sunak also yesterday criticised the current A-level curriculum as overly narrow, adding that teenagers should study core subjects including maths and English beyond GCSE as part of a new "British Baccalaureate". Mr Sunak would introduce a two-year "accountability holiday" for underperforming schools taken on by leading academy chains, meaning trusts would not be penalised while turning around failing schools. He said he would open 75 new free schools, while "carving out" more time for teachers' professional development, including through greater uptake of technology. 