Everton are in talks with Stade Rennes over a deal for Guinea international striker Serhou Guirassy as director of football Kevin Thelwell looks to up the ante in his pursuit of attacking reinforcements for manager Frank Lampard. The Toffees are looking to sign the 26-year-old on an initial loan with an option to buy and negotiations are ongoing with the Ligue 1 side. Rennes, however, would seemingly prefer a permanent move after agreeing a fee with Paris Saint-Germain for Leeds target Arnaud Kalimuendo. The arrival of the 20-year-old is likely to push Guirassy, who was previously targeted by Brighton in January 2020 during his time at Amiens, closer to the exit door. Guirassy hit nine goals in the French top flight last season and he is deemed to be capable of filling the void of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, who has been sidelined for six weeks through injury. Everton are looking to plug a gap in their squad in attack after also losing star man Richarlison to Tottenham in a £60million deal earlier this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Goodison favourite Anthony Gordon operated as a makeshift false-nine in Everton's 1-0 opening-day defeat to Chelsea last weekend and there is now an appreciation that Lampard needs another striker to call upon, although suspended target man Salomon Rondon is set to return to action in due course. There has also been tentative interest in Guirassy's club team-mate Martin Terrier but Everton are yet to launch a move for the 25-year-old, who was nominated for the Ligue 1 Player of the Year award last term. Guirassy is not the only name on Everton's shortlist either with Coventry City frontman Viktor Gyokeres also admired. The Swedish international centre-forward has caught the eye of Toffees chief Thelwell after hitting 17 Championship goals last season. The former Brighton and Swansea man has since continued where he left off, netting for the Sky Blues in their 1-1 draw at Sunderland on the opening day of the season. Gyokeres, who spent three years at the Amex without featuring for the first team, is valued at well over £10m by the Sky Blues and they are not currently willing to entertain a sale. It's been a productive week at Finch Farm after Everton moved to wrap up the signings of Wolves captain Conor Coady and Lille midfielder Amadou Onana. England international Coady returns to Merseyside on an initial loan deal with a view to making the transfer permanent at the end of the season. Meanwhile, Belgian international Onana snubbed West Ham to seal a £33m move to Everton and he was in the stands last Saturday to watch his team-mates in the 1-0 defeat to Chelsea. Lampard has been full of praise for the young prodigy, who is expected to be thrust straight into his Everton first-team as the club look to put last season's relegation battle behind them. Earlier in the window, Everton also completed the signings of James Tarkowski and Ruben Vinagre (loan) to bolster Lampard's ranks. More signings could yet follow with a new striker now top of the agenda ahead of this weekend's trip to Aston Villa.