The death of Prince Philip in April last year has been a devastating blow for Her Majesty. His passing not only ended their 73-year-long marriage but also deprived the Queen of one of her most trusted advisors and supporters. The monarch can still rely on members of her staff, who have been with her for many years and, in some cases, decades for advice and support. But, author Andrew Morton said, she can also count on her family - and in particular on two royals who appear to have been particularly supportive of her in recent years. Asked who can the Queen rely on following the death of the Duke of Edinburgh, Mr Morton, author of the biography The Queen, told Express.co.uk: "Within the Royal Family, I think the two people who have come out very supportive have been Prince Andrew, who sees her on a regular basis, and the Countess of Wessex." Prince Andrew, who is often spotted driving through the Queen's estate in Windsor, has been described in the past as Her Majesty's favourite child. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams previously suggested the monarch had more time to dedicate to motherhood in the 1960s than when Prince Charles and Princess Anne were born. He told the CNN: "She was able to give him more attention and Andrew was someone with whom she’d had a particular affinity." The Duke of York lives at the Royal Lodge, just a few minutes away from Windsor Castle, making it easy for the royal to visit his mother. Andrew and his daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie also provided a much-welcomed distraction from worries and grief last June, when they gifted her a six-week-old pup. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice 'clashed' with Eugenie over Meghan and Harry snub This pet was given to the 96-year-old dog-loving monarch following the death of another puppy, a Dorgi named Fergus, gifted to her by her second son in February 2021, while the Duke of Edinburgh was in hospital. The home of Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and her family is also relatively close to the monarch when compared to other royal residences, which allowed the Wessexes to visit the Queen during the Covid crisis. Sophie herself recalled paying socially-distanced visits to Her Majesty and Prince Philip at the height of lockdown. She told the Telegraph in June last year: "We used to see them stand on the balcony, which was about 20 feet up in the air. "We’d see them waving. We’d shout at them and they’d shout back at us. "It always seemed to be windy, so we could barely hear each other." Following the death of Prince Philip, royal commentator Duncan Larcombe supported claims Sophie is one of the Queen's favourite relatives. He told The Sun last summer: "Sophie Wessex has emerged as the Queen’s unlikely ‘rock’ as the monarch adjusts to life without Prince Philip. "Prince Edward’s wife has — according to sources — made it her personal mission to ensure Her Majesty is fully supported by the family. "Since the Duke’s death in April, Sophie has driven the 10 miles from her Bagshot Park home to Windsor Castle every few days and most weekends to spend socially-distanced time with Her Majesty. "And on days she can’t get there in person, the Duchess of Wessex has made a point of calling her mother-in-law at least once a day." The Queen may soon enjoy more often the company also of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as they have been tipped to relocate to the nearby Adelaide Cottage this summer. Mr Morton also noted the Queen has other people she can rely on as advisors within her household. He said: "The Queen relies on her private secretaries." "We have heard a lot about Angela Kelly, she is very supportive of her dresser, and all those very loyal members of staff who surround her and have been there for years, like Paul Whybrew." Ms Kelly joined Her Majesty's household in 1994 and was promoted as her personal assistant and senior dresser in 2001. Mr Whybrew has been the monarch's personal page for decades and in 1982 he famously supported the sovereign after Michael Fagan breached Buckingham Palace security and reached the Queen's bedroom.