Over the past few episodes, ITV viewers have watched as Emmerdale’s Chas (played by Lucy Pargeter) and Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) have been getting more romantically involved despite her marriage to Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt). Despite promises to call the affair off, things are getting amped up with a new theory by Express.co.uk suggesting heartbreak is imminent. Last week, Chas was left rumbled after she learnt that her cousin Belle (Eden Taylor-Drape) had spotted her and Al. Returning her bracelet that he found in the footwell of his car, Al said they were lucky that Kerry hadn’t found it or they would have been busted. Confronting them both, Belle walked over as she told them they were “busted now” after they believed they weren’t seen. Although Al tried to deny her beliefs claiming he was skiving from work, Belle hit back saying: “I saw you two leaving the hotel yesterday” With Chas waiting for her affair to be exposed, Belle decided to give her a lifeline. She told her cousin that she wouldn’t say anything as long as the romance between them both stopped. Despite vowing she’d call it a day with Al not wanting to ruin her marriage with Paddy, it looks as though that isn’t the case. In upcoming episodes, Al gives Chas two burner phones so they can continue their rendezvous without the fear of being caught.    Accepting the phone, it’s confirmation that the affair between them is anything but over as Chas struggles to cope with life at home. She’s growing frustrated at her mother Faith’s (Sally Dexter) denial about dealing with the effect of cancer, which causes tensions to increase. Despite being given the burner phone to cover their tracks from Paddy, a new theory by Express.co.uk suggests that their plans to stay secret won’t last for very long. With suspicions of Chas and Al’s relationship already on a high following him causing friction in their marriage back in 2020, Paddy could search the home for evidence of the affair.    With two phones in the house, could it be possible that Al tries to call Chas for a secret meet up but the ring ends up being heard by Paddy who is left confronting his wife? According to digital spy, bosses of the ITV soap have teased that the duo’s affair will be one to watch during their 50th-anniversary celebrations which also include a storm disaster. Paddy actor Dominic Brunt recently admitted that he wants the affair to be exposed. Speaking to Inside Soap Magazine, he said: “I hope he finds out she’s having an affair first, then it's revealed separately it’s with Al because that’s the most shocking thing. Of all the people!’   “Paddy and Chas nearly lost everything because of him, and he tried to blackmail Paddy. “The story has been sitting there waiting, and I can’t wait for it to come out.” Al actor Micheal shared his thoughts on the affair with Chas as he claims his character is developing deep feelings for her and will be willing to fight for their relationship. Also speaking to Inside Soap, the actor teased that Al will have some hard choices to make in the upcoming episodes. He revealed that with Al pushing 50, he wants to see him and Chas have their happy ending and settle down with one another.    Touching on Al and Chas, the actor questioned why she continues to go back to him despite their rocky past. He said: “They've always had a connection, so I'm not surprised they've had an affair. “Paddy's the perfect man, but he's safe – and I think Al represents the fire and the danger that Chas feels she's missing." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV. 