Manchester United remain keen on signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. However, the Red Devils could kill two birds with one stone with the Catalan giants open to offloading both Memphis Depay and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. So, with the La Liga giants approving exits for the pair, that may give Erik ten Hag an opportunity too good to turn down. Manchester United have spent nearly a quarter of a year pursuing De Jong, who was swiftly identified as the club’s No 1 target following the decision to hire Ten Hag. A deal for the 25-year-old remains in limbo, however, with Chelsea also in the battle to land the midfielder. United are still optimistic they can bring in De Jong, though, despite also being confident of snapping up Adrien Rabiot from Juventus. And with Barcelona approving exits for Depay and Aubameyang, under the right circumstances, that gives them a window of opportunity. As well as De Jong, United have been hoping to snap up a new forward. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything They missed out on Darwin Nunez earlier in the summer, with the Uruguay international choosing to leave Benfica for Liverpool instead. Benjamin Sesko has also evaded them, with the 19-year-old poised to join RB Leipzig from Red Bull Salzburg next summer. United have been priced out of a deal for Antony, too. Ajax want £80million for the Brazil international, a fee the Red Devils are flatly refusing to pay. And while they did consider landing Marko Arnautovic, a backlash from fans coupled with Bologna’s high asking price ultimately saw them walk away from a deal. Now, though, United have a great chance to add a top forward to their ranks. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Depay was a flop when he moved to Old Trafford from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer transfer window of 2015, when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost. Dubbed as the heir to Cristiano Ronaldo, big things were expected of the Netherlands international - especially when he was given the No 7 shirt. Yet Depay never lived up to expectations and was offloaded to Lyon by Jose Mourinho in January 2018. He has rebuilt his career in the time since, though, shining for Lyon and Barcelona - as well as the Netherlands. And though Tottenham and Juventus are frontrunners in the race to land the 28-year-old, United may be tempted to make a play. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Likewise with Aubameyang, too. While Xavi would like to keep hold of the Barcelona star, their financial situation means they’re willing to listen to offers for the right price. United have responded coolly to being offered Aubameyang, who previously played in the Premier League at Arsenal. Yet they could perform a U-turn if they continue to miss out on other targets. Both Depay and Aubameyang would be good additions for United, especially with Barcelona so willing to get them off the wage bill. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But whether they accept either player, at a time where they’re battling to sign De Jong, remains to be seen. Former United star Gary Neville, meanwhile, recently expressed a belief the club had let Ten Hag down with their lack of signings so far this summer. “I’m not putting any pressure at all on Ten Hag at this moment in time because I don’t think he’s been given the tools to work with that he should have been at this stage of the season,” he said. “That might change in a couple of weeks. “I think that he’s got a really difficult job and I think Manchester United fans are in patient mode.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here