Prince Charles, 73, has just interrupted his summer break to deliver a message about a cause “close” to his heart. The Prince of Wales noted the effects of the pandemic, cost-of-living crisis and climate change on young people. His observations, released in a new video message, coincided with International Youth Day on August 12. The future King also highlighted the work his charity, the Prince's Trust, has done for young people over the past 46 years. If Charles were to become Prince Regent, he would follow in the footsteps of George IV, who assumed the role aged 48 in 1811. Due to the “madness” of his father, George III, he ruled during the Regency period until 1820 when he succeeded to the throne. Charles has also been seen as a potential Prince Regent by some royal watchers due to his recent high-profile engagements on behalf of the Queen. He and his son Prince William officially opened Parliament for her Majesty in May in their roles as her “counsellors of state”. Charles, Britain’s longest-waiting king-in-waiting, also read the Queen’s speech at the State Opening. Her Majesty’s son and heir to the throne also represented the monarch at a summit in Rwanda. He travelled to the east African nation for the Commonwealth heads of government meeting in June. The extra responsibilities come as the Queen has scaled back her own engagements this year. Britain’s longest-serving monarch marked 70 years since she acceded to the throne in February. But she missed much of June’s Platinum Jubilee to mark the milestone due to her mobility issues. DON'T MISS: ‘Incapable of keeping quiet!' Meghan's half-siblings continue with 'cruel criticism' [LATEST]Charles' plans for monarchy laid bare as historian pinpoints key detail: 'He's the bridge' [INSIGHT]'Modernisers' Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'to thank' for Royal Family's survival [ANALYSIS] She now frequently uses a walking stick in public and in October spent the night in hospital as a precaution. Despite these changes to her lifestyle, Mr Fitzwilliams claimed that a Regency is not on the cards at present. He said: “That is gossip. A Regent is if the Queen was incapacitated, that is the period that you have a Regency. “You saw that with George III, as George VI was made Regent. “The Queen is mentally totally alert and carrying out duties, albeit changed duties. “I don’t see this as a possibility. We will have to see, of course, what is going to happen in the future.”