Arsenal star Oleksandr Zinchenko has hit the ground running since his £32million arrival from Manchester City. But Mikel Arteta can sign an ideal partner in crime for him in the form of Ukraine team-mate Mykhaylo Mudryk. Arsenal are reportedly interested in signing Mudryk. The Gunners are in the market for a winger and the Shakhtar Donetsk star is the latest to be linked with a move. Mudryk has been nicknamed the 'Ukrainian Neymar' and could be available for a relatively cheap price. Media Foot Marseille claims Arsenal are one of the teams most interested in signing Mudryk this summer. The 21-year-old still has four years remaining on his contract. But Arsenal could lure him for as little as £17m. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo U-turn, Newcastle eye double deal, Caicedo latest  And in Zinchenko, Mudryk would have the perfect team-mate to help him settle in north London. Zinchenko has only been at Arsenal for a month but has already made a huge impact on and off the pitch. Mudryk has won five caps for Ukraine since making his debut earlier this year, in which Zinchenko has featured in four of them. They are not only team-mates but also play near each other on the pitch. Mudryk's preferred position is a left-winger, with Zinchenko either operating at left-back or as a left-sided central midfielder. Mudryk would have to fight with the likes of Gabriel Martinelli and Emile Smith Rowe for the position on the left of attack, though the Arsenal duo are also comfortable elsewhere on the pitch. Mudryk came through the academy at Shakhtar and has had a couple of loans away from the club, including a spell at the aptly named Arsenal Kyiv in 2019. His compatriot Zinchenko has started the season as the Gunners' first-choice left-back. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four players in trouble with Glazers ready to spend £107.3mMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroGarner’s reaction to Man Utd putting him up for sale as three clubs eye deal  The 3-0 win over Bournemouth on Saturday was arguably the best performance of the season so far. And Zinchenko was delighted with how his side played. He told Arsenal Media: “It’s a great feeling to get three points and we don’t concede a goal.  It’s always important to score in the beginning of the game because this first goal can give you some confidence to control the game and that’s what we did. "We did well, especially in the first half, the opponent didn’t create anything - they had zero shots on target. In the second half they started to play with three at the back and we were suffering at some points, but in the end we didn’t concede, that’s the most important thing. "There are still a lot of things to improve, but I think we are on the right way.”  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here