 Amanda, 57, is suffering from what has been coined “retirement anxiety” and cannot help but think and worry about her retirement every single day. Amanda told Express.co.uk: “It’s honestly exhausting, mentally and physically exhausting. I will definitely have to work until I get my state pension, most likely even longer because I know that I’m going to have to generate another income, to top up my pension.”    Amanda explained that she does pay into a workplace pension scheme as well as a private one although her anxieties are not helped with the state pension age increasing to 67 in 2028. She said: “I’ve got 10 years until I am able to get a state pension and when you think about it 10 years is a long time, and I really don’t know what my health will be like by then and if I will be able to keep working until then. Amanda shared that she suffers from arthritis and that she had also previously faced breast cancer which adds to the stress she feels about her health when thinking about her retirement. She added: “I would love to retire at 60, like back in the day but that’s not going to happen, I have thought about cutting down my hours or going part-time but that is a leap of faith which in the current climate, and a few years to come I reckon, might not be the best option.” READ MORE: Mum fears she has no time left to save in pension: How to boost savings in a 'short-time'    Amanda said that the current cost of living crisis, and energy bills soaring even further, worry her as when she retires she would like to provide herself with a “nice standard of living” and not have to cut back to the “bare bone” like she has heard others have been forced to do. Amanda said: “I have managed to save a bit for myself and I keep thinking of the options I have like getting a rental property,  but house prices are high, mortgage rates are not looking like they will settle, and people may not be able to afford to rent so that option feels too much of a risk.” Amanda said that she does not feel any stability when it comes to her “golden years” and the options she has “all seem to come with a significant risk”. She added: “I’ve always been independent and I have a lot of pride in that, I’ve always been able to keep my head above water and it is that I don’t want to be at a point where I can’t afford to put food on the table or put my heating on, it’s all of it isnt it?”.   Amanda said that she knew there were millions of others who were in the “same boat” and she tries to tell herself to “stop thinking this way” when she does think of others. Amanda is certainly not alone with her concerns as research from abrdn, formerly known as Standard Life, found that one in five Britons have delayed their retirement plans due to feelings of “retirement anxiety”. In a survey of 1,000 UK adults over the age of 40 years, one in 10 people have spoken to a doctor about their concerns and almost a fifth have been kept up at night due to their worries. The research revealed that the majority of respondents, nearly two-thirds, attributed the feelings of anxiety to not having saved enough money throughout their lifetime. A similar number blamed the cost of living crisis with worries about the current economy and its impact on investments and pensions cited by almost half of those surveyed. READ MORE: Thousands of unpaid carers could be missing out on £279 each month - are you eligible?  Psychologist Dr Linda Papadopoulos, said: “There are two key reactions to issues that cause stress, one is to ignore them which just delays finding a solution to the problem. “The other is to panic which can also exacerbate it. People experiencing retirement anxiety may be thinking about it constantly, be unable to sleep, and generally feeling overwhelmed and it can really impact things such as relationships and performance at work.” Planning for retirement is now regarded as a ‘stressful life event’, ranked more stressful than divorce by the 40-44 age group. Meanwhile, across all ages, job losses and moving house are still among the most stressful life events. Another factor in the increase in ‘retirement anxiety’ is people’s concern about their lack of planning with over a fifth saying they were embarrassed about their lack of planning.   Amanda said: “I honestly never thought about it, for a long time, I always thought it was a million miles off and then my friends began starting to retire and it hit me hard that I really needed to actually think about it properly and make serious decisions about it.” Colin Dyer, client director at abrdn explained that it was “clear” that retirement anxiety was being fuelled by the cost of living crisis and worries about the economic landscape. He said: “We are seeing more and more of this every day with our clients.  Planning for retirement early can help alleviate worries and anxiety and people shouldn’t be embarrassed to raise issues they are not sure or concerned about it’s ok not to know.” Mr Dyer urged those who were feeling stressed about their retirement to reach out for help and advice so people could get a “clearer understanding” of income and savings so they can “best prepare” for their retirement years.   