The fifth season of Stranger Things introduced even more heroes and villains to the world of Hawkins as Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) and her friends once again battled against the sinister Upside Down. There are still plenty more twists and turns in store when the Netflix drama returns for one more instalment, but most fans are keeping their fingers crossed for the resurrection of one character in particular. Stranger Things fans are calling for the return of Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn) after it was confirmed the series is back in production. Matt and Ross Duffer and the writers of Stranger Things have confirmed they have officially started work on season five of the streaming sensation. The writers’ official Twitter page thrilled followers when they posted a whiteboard emblazoned with the show’s logo, complete with the number five. Although it’s still a long way from filming, the new update has confirmed the Duffers are starting to get to work on the scripts for the final season. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring If the cast returns to production early next year, this should mean Stranger Things’ final adventure will be hitting screens by the end of 2024 at the latest. Fans were naturally ecstatic to see the update and took to the comments in anticipation of the Hawkins gang’s eventual return. However, much of the response was dominated by streamers’ demands to see fan-favourite Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn) brought back from the grave. @RosesfrBTS pleaded: “Bring back Eddie our genius writers.” And @FREUDl4N demanded: “IF EDDIE’S NAME ISN'T ON THAT BOARD IN FIVE SECONDS.” Prevalent theories have suggested Eddie will be brought back as a vampiric villain after facing off against the Upside Down’s swarm of demon bats. Several fans have proposed the heavy metal enthusiast could even come back as a specific Dungeons and Dragons character, Kas the Bloody Handed. In the original game from which Stranger Things takes its cues, Kas is the vampire lieutenant to the dark wizard Vecna, who terrorised the gang in the form of One/Henry Creel (Jamie Campbell Bower). DON'T MISS:Below Deck Med fans demand Raygan fired after Sandy error [REACTION]NCIS’ Pauley Perrette divides fans with furious rant 'SO mad!' [COMMENT]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly welcomes new addition for season 5 [LATEST] @letmexrainberry replied: “Bring back Eddie I beg of you! Let the Kas theory be right!” @FloralAndAdidas wrote: “Hear me out…Eddie as Kas. Bring him back. “If y’all can make Brenner survive a demogorgon attack with nothing but a tiny scar y’all can make this happen.” @plantfey said: “If y'all don't give Eddie Munson his Bella Swan Breaking Dawn: Part Two moment I swear to God.” And @widowsivy added: “Manifesting that you saw the Eddie Kas theory and took some notes.” (sic) After being fatally wounded by Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer), Vecna will certainly be in need of a right-hand man to launch his next attack on Hawkins. Sadly, plot details will be kept under lock and key for the foreseeable future, so fans have a long wait to go before they discover whether or not Eddie will make his triumphant return. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.