Hello again everyone! There is not long to go now until the transfer window slams shut on September 1 and there is plenty to digest as Premier League clubs continue to up the ante in their pursuit of new recruits. Here is the latest from the market... Exclusive: Lampard to study Bamba Dieng tapes Everton boss Frank Lampard is set to study video footage of Marseille forward Bamba Dieng after the Toffees were offered the chance to sign the Senegal international through intermediaries. The 22-year-old, who is valued at £15million and wants to stay at Marseille despite being left out of the match-day squad for the opening two games of the Ligue 1 season, is being forced out the door in France by the club's new ruthless boss Igor Tudor. Fulham have also held talks with Marseille over a deal but the Cottagers are believed to be focused on other targets including Roma's Justin Kluivert. Dieng is not sold on a move to Craven Cottage as there is an appreciation Aleksandr Mitrovic will remain the main man in attack for Marco Silva following his two-goal heroics against Liverpool on the opening day of the season. Nice are understood to be in pole position for Dieng (potential loan) and a move away from the Stade Velodrome is anticipated before the end of the transfer window. Newcastle and Crystal Palace both held discussions in January over a move for the attacker but both have failed to follow up on their prior interest. Earlier in the window, Dieng rejected the chance to join Bundesliga side Freiburg due to his determination to succeed at Marseille. West Ham push for reinforcements West Ham are working on multiple new arrivals for David Moyes after losing their second successive game of the Premier League season. The Irons were beaten 1-0 by newly-promoted Nottingham Forest on Sunday as manager Moyes once again outlined his desire to strengthen the options within his squad. The London Stadium hierarchy are hoping to finalise a deal with Paris Saint-Germain for defender Thilo Kehrer. However, there is still no agreement in place with the Ligue 1 champions to date - despite reportedly tabling two offers for the versatile German international. Bids are also in for Chelsea outcast Emerson Palmieri and Spezia's Jakub Kiwior, while Fenerbahce's Attila Szalai is a player that remains of interest. West Ham are still hopeful of adding up to three new players before the transfer window closes on September 1 and outgoings are now no longer likely. There had been talk that Said Benrahma could be pushed towards the exit door but the Algerian's eye-catching, statement display at the City Ground suggests he is still very much part of Moyes' plans. Ben Brereton Diaz is another name that is admired by the West Ham board but the Hammers are yet to make their move for the 23-year-old Chile international, who has already found the net twice in three Championship appearances this term. The Hammers have also made enquiries for Conor Gallagher but at the moment, he is set to remain at Chelsea. More on him below... Palace still open to Gallagher return Crystal Palace are still very much open to the prospect of Conor Gallagher returning to the club following his successful loan spell last season but Patrick Vieira is insistent the Eagles have no say on the player's future. At Vieira's pre-Liverpool press conference on Friday, I asked the Palace boss for clarity on the club's interest... “This is not our decision,” said Vieira. “It has to be made by Chelsea if the player is available, then Conor has to make a decision. “We’re just like any other club, focusing on players who are available and here, the situation is not in our hands, there’s no control so it’s pointless to talk about it.” Gallagher was a second-half substitute as Chelsea drew 2-2 with Tottenham in a fiercely-contested London derby on Sunday but should another midfielder arrive, his prospects of game time could be limited. The 22-year-old is desperate to make England's World Cup squad for Qatar and could become available later in the window with West Ham, Everton and Newcastle also in contention for his signature. Palace would welcome the chance to re-sign Gallagher but for now, they will await a change in his situation after being told he is expected to remain at Chelsea. Brighton hope to clinch Estupinan deal Brighton are pressing to conclude the signing of Villarreal left-back Pervis Estupinan after progressive talks with the La Liga club. There is optimism he could even arrive in England as soon as this week to undergo a medical after the Seagulls identified the 24-year-old as their ideal replacement for Marc Cucurella. A deal - worth around £15m - is now close to being finalised between the two clubs with Estupinan now expected to seal his move to the South Coast. Tottenham had also shown tentative interest in the former Watford man, although club sources distanced themselves from reports linking them with the player back in mid-June. Nottingham Forest spending shows no signs of slowing Despite already securing the services of 15 new arrivals, Nottingham Forest hope to conclude several more signings this week - including Neal Maupay and Houssem Aouar, who is in the final year of his Lyon contract. The big-spending (£106m) Premier League new boys have agreed a £15m deal in principle with Brighton for the French striker, who is expected to complete his move to the City Ground imminently. A deal for Aouar looks slightly more complex though with the Lyon central midfielder still holding out for a move elsewhere as he targets Champions League football. Real Betis and Leicester have also expressed an interest in the player but both clubs are currently hindered by restricted finances. Arsenal made a £31.2m offer for Aouar in September 2020 and the France international, whose stock has since plummeted, also came close to joining Juventus in the same transfer window. Forest remain on the case and are optimistic they can pull off a deal while their move for Eintracht Frankfurt's Djibril Sow has since collapsed. Steve Cooper's side made an offer for the 25-year-old Swiss international but the player has since decided to remain at Frankfurt. Runarsson completes loan move Arsenal goalkeeper Runar Alex Runarsson has completed his loan move to Alanyaspor after undergoing a medical with the Turkish side on Monday. The deal is a dry loan that does not include an option to buy. On Monday, both clubs were finalising the paperwork and official confirmation of the Iceland international's move arrived on Monday night. Runarsson, who has featured just once for Arsenal's first team since arriving from Dijon in 2020, spent last season on loan in Belgium with OH Leuven.