I write this as a member of the party who has voted, and who believes members who have yet to vote should get on with it for the sake of the country. The candidates have easily had enough exposure for party members to have evaluated their credibility. The sensible thing to do is to declare a winner once a candidate has passed 50 per cent of possible votes. Outstanding hustings should be cancelled, the winner installed in No.10 and that incumbent told to crack on with it by recalling Parliament early. Well done Boris ("Boris: 'Mighty' trade deal to cut bills", August 21), says  Ray Leyden from Morden, Surrey. As for the charge Boris has misled Parliament, it is just more Borisgate nonsense to unseat our Brexit PM by disgruntled MPs who miss their hefty MEP salaries, tax-free allowances and goldplated pensions. It is double standards. Not so long ago we had MPs making false claims over their expenses. Parliament accepted they had made a mistake and accepted their apologies.    I am in the same position as Jan Easter (Letters,August 21) receiving a lower state pension because our retirement age was 60, but I cannot complain because we get six years' extra pension than those who have to wait until 66 to start theirs, so they deserve more each week, says  Stephanie Clarke from Reading, Berkshire. My private pension is poor because banks did not allow women to pay contributions until the age of 25. However, men paid from the age of 18 which was unfair.  There is now a clear impression that the union actions at Felixstowe container port, linked to the rail strike, is a politically motivated one taken by Marxist trade unions, says Jim Sokol from Minehead, Somerset. Ostensibly for higher pay, it now appears specifically designed to maximise damage and inhibit the British recovery. Furthermore, those cynics among us may well feel it is an attempt to turn the country against Brexit and to rejoin the EU. However, it will not succeed.  What a wonderful comment from Jennifer Selway in last week's Sunday Express ("Sorry... we're not all good at games", August 21). What is this obsession with trying to get girls playing football? asks Ron Deamer from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. I am a huge football fan but am ashamed to say I just could not get excited about the Lionesses. The only people that seem interested in promoting women's sport is the BBC. I have yet to meet a woman, young or old, that is remotely interested in women's football at the weekend.