People with non-visible disabilities could be missing out on an additional £627 in Government support they’re unaware they could be eligible for. After acknowledging the difficulty those with hidden conditions encounter on a day-to-day basis, the Disabled Persons Transport Advisory Committee (DPTAC) created a list of non-visible disabilities, which have all been recorded on Personal Independence Payment (PIP) claims. PIP is a benefit provided by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) to help with extra living costs for those with either a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability, or those who have difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around because of a condition. People can apply for PIP even if they’re working, have savings, or are already receiving other benefits. According to the Government website, there are two parts to PIP: READ MORE: Universal Credit: When you can expect second cost of living payment  Whether people get one or both parts and how much they get depends on how difficult they find everyday tasks and getting around. According to the DWP, there are currently around three million people receiving PIP payments. However, this figure may not be covering all of the people who qualify for PIP, as those with non-visible conditions, such as anxiety and depression, may be able to claim too. Government guidance by the Disabled Persons Transport Advisory Committee (DPTAC) explains: "Disabilities occur in many different forms. “Some people will experience a disability that is outwardly visible to others, whilst others will experience a disability that has no, or little, outward visible signs. Many people will experience a combination of these.”  "There is a wide range of disabilities that are not necessarily ‘visible’ to other people.” “As you look around there may be equally as many, if not more, disabled people you cannot see. For example, they may have autism, a disabling mental health condition, or be living with significant chronic pain. “They have a non-visible disability. Having a non-visible disability can be just as life-affecting for a person as a visible one.” Non-visible disabilities may include: DON'T MISS: Attendance Allowance: Medical conditions that are eligible to claim [EXPLAINED]How much can I earn and still claim Universal Credit? [ANALYSIS]DWP's most underclaimed benefit: What is it and who is elible? [INSIGHT]    According to the most recent Government statistics, those with a ‘Psychiatric disorder’ make up the largest proportion of claimants. How much people receive depends on how difficult the person finds certain activities, differentiated by ‘daily living tasks,’ or ‘mobility tasks’. There are two rates for each component, including: Daily living tasks Mobility tasks  Those who claim PIP also qualify for the Government’s disability cost of living payment of a one-off £150, which is due to be distributed from September 20. To be eligible for PIP, all of the following must apply to the claimant:They’re 16 or overThey have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disabilityThey have difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting aroundThey expect the difficulties to last for at least 12 months from when they started If all apply, the easiest way to claim is to phone the PIP helpline. Claimants must then fill in a form, after which they’ll then undergo an assessment. For more information on how to claim PIP, visit the Government website here. 