It is almost 25 years since Diana, Princess of Wales died in a car crash in Paris. The princess was travelling from the Ritz hotel with her partner Dodi Al-Fayed when their driver, Henri Paul, lost control of the vehicle at high speed and crashed in the Alma tunnel. Diana, Dodi and Mr Paul all died from injuries sustained in the crash; the princess’ bodyguard, Trevor Rees-Jones, was the only survivor. A new Channel 4 documentary delves into the two police investigations into Diana’s death — the French police’s initial probe in 1999 and the Metropolitan Police’s inquiry nine years later. Both investigations faced the additional challenge of dismantling conspiracy theories surrounding the tragic incident. And despite being ruled an accident by both inquiries, other theories of what happened on that fateful evening still circulate. Many still believe the crash was not an accident and the question of who is to blame remains. This suspicion was exacerbated when a chilling letter, written by Diana 10 months before she died, was published in a national newspaper. READ MORE: Princess Diana’s death: The conspiracy theories surrounding tragic royal incident In October 2003, four years after the French case was closed, The Daily Mirror published a photograph of the note. It read: “I am sitting here at my desk today in October, longing for someone to hug me and encourage me to keep strong and hold my head high. “This particular phase in my life is the most dangerous — ‘X’ is planning 'an accident' in my car, brake failure and serious head injury in order to make the path clear for Charles to marry. "I have been battered, bruised and abused mentally by a system for 15 years now, but I feel no resentment ... I am strong inside and maybe that is a problem for my enemies. “Thank you Charles for putting me through such hell and for giving me the opportunity to learn from the cruel things you have done to me." Paul Burrell, the former royal butler who was acquitted in 2002 at an Old Bailey trial of hoarding the princess's possessions, revealed he had kept the letter private through six years of police investigations and media speculation. Duncan Larcombe, a royal journalist and author, told the Channel 4 documentary, entitled ‘Investigating Diana: Death in Paris’, that the letter “was a complete game changer, another missing piece of the jigsaw.” He continued: “‘Diana’s fears that she’d be murdered,’ that fits in with what [Mohammed] Al-Fayed said. It also fits in with the large flash. “Suddenly, you’re joining the dots.” Michel Kerbois, an investigator for Mr Al-Fayed, added: “She doesn’t say: ‘I dreamed.’ She doesn’t say: ‘I think.’ She says: ‘I was warned.’ “‘They want to have me killed in a car accident.’ “That’s what happened.” Conspiracy theorists had speculated that Diana and Dodi were deliberately killed, with some claiming other vehicles had purposefully forced the black Mercedes to swerve, and others suggesting Mr Paul was in on the plot. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS] A prominent and vocal believer of these claims was Dodi’s father, Mohammed Al-Fayed, a successful businessman who owns the Ritz hotel and formerly Harrods. On multiple occasions, Mr Al-Fayed claimed senior members of the Royal Household were behind the fatal crash, particularly putting blame on Prince Philip. He claimed the Royal Family did not want Dodi to be the stepfather of the future king. He also alleged the Firm was not happy about Diana and Dodi’s relationship, which he claimed had become more serious before the crash. Mr Al-Fayed alleged Diana and Dodi were engaged and even claimed the princess was pregnant. While Dodi had bought a ring, there was no indication the couple had actually gotten engaged and no evidence was found to corroborate the pregnancy claim. Piers Morgan, now a controversial TV personality, was editor at The Daily Mirror when the letter was made public. He told the recent Channel 4 documentary: “The problem that the Establishment will have with today’s story is that they’ve not allowed a public inquiry into what happened to Diana in this country and that has fuelled, already, conspiracy theories for the last six years. “And what today’s letter will do is simply give credence to the view that there was more to it than meets the eye and we should have some formal investigation.”