In July 2021, Penguin Random House revealed they were set to publish Prince Harry's upcoming debut memoir. Although no official release date was announced, according to the publishing house's official statement, it looked set for global release in "late 2022". Speaking on the latest episode of True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat, the Daily Mail's Editor At Large Richard Kay claimed that the 37-year-old could be rethinking his memoir release. Mr Kay told The Royal Beat that there is "still a possibility that the entreaties of the Royal Family have not fallen on death ears". He added that this has led to Harry having "second thoughts about when he publishes this book at all". According to the official statement, on Penguin's website, the memoir is set to be "intimate and heartfelt". It describes Harry as "one of the most fascinating and influential global figures of our time". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry in shock message as monarch heaps praise on William The book promises to cover a wide range of areas of the Duke's life, past and present. This includes "his dedication to service, the military duty that twice took him to the frontlines of Afghanistan, and the joy he has found in being a husband and father". In his official release statement, posted previously on Penguin's website, Harry said: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. He claimed that the book will document the "highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned". READ MORE: Kate and William extend major birthday olive branch to Harry and Meghan with new message The Duke also expressed his gratitude for having the opportunity to share his story. Speaking previously on Channel 5's Jeremy Vine, royal expert, and author Angela Levin also suggested the Duke could be "having some doubts" over the book's publication after the memoir failed to appear in the publisher's list of upcoming releases. Ms Levin said: "Well, we don't know what's in it so I don't think we can say whether it's right or not. "He's obviously had some doubts because it would be on the publishers list and out in the month or so." She added: "It's obviously been very well written because he had somebody to write it who's won awards so." Prince Harry and Meghan announced they were stepping down as senior working royals in 2020. They claimed their decision came after "many months of reflection and internal discussions". They now reside in the US with their two young children, three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. READ NEXT: