Arsenal will be looking to maintain their winning run of form with another impressive victory over newly-promoted Fulham this evening. The table-topping Gunners have never lost at home to the Cottagers, with their first encounter coming 117 years ago, and will be the hot favourites to down their next opponents at the Emirates Stadium in today's late kick-off. Mikel Arteta's side have averaged three goals per game so far and should have little difficulty in finding the target over the course of this evening's match. They cruised to a simple victory over Bournemouth in their last outing, with new signing Gabriel Jesus excelling at the top of the pitch, and will be hoping to make it four wins on the bounce with another win at the very next time of asking.Fulham will be no pushovers, though, with the Cottagers having avoided defeat since returning to the Premier League after just one season back in the Championship. They managed to hold Arsenal to a draw in their last meeting but the west Londoners have not beaten their cross-city rivals in the league for an entire decade.Express Sport takes a look at the Arsenal side that could line up against Fulham when the two sides go head-to-head later today. JUST IN: Everton starlet Anthony Gordon warned against joining Chelsea Aaron Ramsdale will almost certainly start for Arsenal against Fulham after establishing an iron grip on the first-choice spot between the sticks following his arrival from Sheffield United a year ago. The England goalkeeper has only conceded twice in the Premier League so far this season and will be hoping to shut out today's opponents in order to register his third clean sheet of the new campaign.He is likely to be tested by Fulham's attacking trident, though, with the visitors having scored five goals in their last three league matches. The likes of Aleksandar Mitrovic and Andreas Pereira will be looking to frustrate Ramsdale over the course of the 90 minutes when Fulham go in search of their first ever win at the Emirates Stadium later this evening. Ben White has featured in the right-back berth for Arsenal this season and the former Brighton man is widely expected to reprise the role against Fulham. New signing Oleksandr Zinchenko is likely to feature in his natural position on the left-hand side of the back four and will be aiming to use his quality to fashion out chances for the Gunners while keeping things tight in defence at the same time.Meanwhile, a centre-back pairing of William Saliba and Gabriel Magalhaes should be enough to see Arsenal through against Fulham, who have only ever taken five points off the north Londoners away from home in their entire history. Saliba has been particularly impressive since returning from his loan spell at Marseille last season and looks set to play a major role at the back for Arsenal over the course of the new campaign. Arteta has opted for a holding midfield duo of Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka in every Premier League match so far this season and it seems as though it could be the same again when Fulham make the trip to the Emirates Stadium. The pair have established themselves as dependable operators in the middle of the park and will be tasked with keeping things ticking in the engine room against the Cottagers, with their proficiency in retaining and recycling possession likely to swing the eventual result in Arsenal's favour.Martin Odegaard, who was appointed as the club's new permanent captain in pre-season, has also featured regularly since the start of the campaign and will be expected to pull the strings between the lines for the Gunners this evening. He has already chipped in with two goals in Arsenal's first three matches and would surely love to add to his tally with another match-winning contribution against Fulham later today. There are unlikely to be any surprises at the top of the pitch for Arsenal, with Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli set to complement Gabriel Jesus in their attacking trident. The former has proven himself to be one of the Premier League's best young players over the last few years and the latter has made the right-wing position his own after impressing Arteta in pre-season and shining in the early stages of the new campaign thus far.Jesus, meanwhile, will be expected to lead the line for the Gunners off the back of his two-goal haul against Leicester City and a strong showing against Bournemouth last time around. The Brazilian marksman has provided a breath of fresh air in the striking position for Arsenal, who will be relying on him to carry their attacking burden in order to achieve yet another positive result in the Premier League this evening.Expected Arsenal XI in full: Ramsdale; White, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko; Partey, Xhaka; Martinelli, Odegaard, Saka; Jesus. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here