Laurel Thomas (played by Charlotte Bellamy) split up with Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) when he lied to her about finances and drugs. She tried to move on with Kit (Thoren Ferguson) but was crushed when she walked in on him and her stepdaughter Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) kissing. ITV soap spoilers have revealed the Emmerdale businessman and Laurel reconnect in upcoming scenes, but will Jai's past come back to haunt him? Laurel called it quits with Jai when he took out a loan in her name when he had money problems and lied to her about it. Matters went from bad to worse when she failed to believe Jai when he said the drugs discovered at Take A Vow did not belong to him. The drugs were found on his chair and Laurel found it impossible to trust him as he had been struggling for years to stay sober. They parted ways and have been acting coldly to each other ever since the split. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos  The storyline was revisited last month when Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) publicly took the blame for the drugs found at the shop. Suzy was actually taking the blame for Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) who is now seeking professional help for her addiction. In recent scenes, Laurel cut ties with new love interest Kit following his kiss with Gabby, which Jai was secretly pleased about. Jai had been acting very jealous when he saw Laural and Kit together and made it evident he was still in love with her.   It looks as though he is set to rekindle his romance with Laurel in upcoming episodes, according to ITV soap spoilers Will the couple take the huge step to tell their children they are back together as an item? How would their children react to the news after all of the deceit earlier this year? Will things between the Emmerdale stalwarts go smoothly at first, but take a turn for the worse in the coming months? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work' out Naomi Walters' link to Meena [THEORY]Emmerdale’s Dan Spencer star addresses future on ITV soap [INTERVIEW]Karene Peter age: How old is Emmerdale's Naomi Walters star?  [EXPLAINER] Perhaps Jai has been sitting on a dark secret he wants to keep hidden from Lauren and his children. Could he be back on heavy drugs and dealing them to sort out his financial problems? Lauren would be devastated if she found out he was still a drug addict who has to make money illegally to clear his debts. Could Jai be using Lauren to steal more of her money in a bid to solve his problems?  Emmerdale fans are divided over the couple's future, with Ryan Glendenning tweeting: "Jai and Laurel constantly bump into problems. Laurel is better away from Jai." Riley Collins added: "Jai and Laurel really aren’t meant to be - that’s the twentieth time they’ve broken up and got back together." However, Dion said: "I would like it if Laurel and Jai got back together #Emmerdale." Elizabeth Scott penned: "#Emmerdale I hope Laurel and Jai get back together." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 