Brian Davenport, owner and co-founder, The Solar Centre, explained: “Warm, sunny weather is a great motivator to spend more time outdoors. If you’ve neglected your garden though, you may be looking to spruce up your outdoor space. But be careful of making some of these common gardening mistakes. They could make the difference between a dull and dreary space, and a lush oasis at home.” 1. Starting off too big It can be tempting to go all out with landscaping, but caring for lots of new plants at once can be challenging. Brian explained: “If you’re starting from scratch, consider picking a few low-maintenance plants like ornamental grasses or lavender. “Or if you’re nervous about your green fingers – rather start working on a pathway or patio area. “Successfully completing smaller projects will help you feel more confident when you’re ready to take on something slightly bigger.” READ MORE: ‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step 2. Choosing the wrong spot for flowers Picking out plants can be exciting, but not all plants work well in every part of the garden. It’s important to ensure that specific plants are picked depending on their sun and water requirement. The expert said: “To avoid making a costly mistake, make a plan of your garden first. “Take note of which areas of your garden are shadier, compared to those which have direct sunlight. This will make it easier to pick plants which will thrive in your space.” DON'T MISS:‘Excellent’ way to make sure houseplants are hydrated in the heat [COMMENT]‘Effective’ natural methods to deter ants from the home [INSIGHT]'Vital' things to consider when planting to avoid causing 'havoc' [EXPLAINER] 3. Not planning where to put solar lights Brian explained: “Lighting around your garden is essential to ensure that you don’t just enjoy your garden during the day but in the evenings too. Getting wiring laid down in your garden can be a difficult process whereas solar lights cut the hassle and can be used immediately. “However, not choosing the right spots for your lights may leave you sitting in darkness. “You’ll want to make sure you position these in areas that receive full sun during the day. “Alternatively, pick a lighting option which has a separate solar panel. This will allow you to place your lights in a shaded area, while still making sure the solar panel receives enough light.” READ MORE: Interior: Paint colours to avoid in the bedroom 4. Letting weeds take over Weeding every single part of the garden can be tiring, especially because weeds can pop up anywhere and everywhere. However, they can cause problems with other plants and can take over the garden quickly. The expert said: “Weeding properly involves a few hand tools like a hoe or weed extractor. “These will help ensure that you reach the root of the weed. Simply pulling away at a few leaves will ensure that they grow back time and again. If you’re feeling intimidated by the number of weeds in your garden, dedicate 15 minutes to one square metre patch at a time.” 5. Forgetting when to water Plants may need more water during the summer months, and gardeners should avoid watering them during the day. Instead, Brian recommended watering in the mornings or evenings as this reduces the amount of evaporation. He explained: “Knowing how often to water can be tricky, as this will depend on the type of weather. During hot periods, some plants require watering once a day, while others can go a few weeks without water. “When planning your garden, put plants with similar needs next to each other so that you’re able to stick to a watering schedule for different patches of your garden.” 6. Using chemical pesticides Chemical pesticides can kill pests very quickly, but they can also kill other types of insects you are not targeting. The expert said: “Some pesticides can also be passed on to other living organisms like animals. “Rather consider using biological controls, like the predator of a pest to help keep them under control in your garden. “Chemical pesticides should only be used as a last resort, when alternative options have been unsuccessful.” 5. Forgetting when to water Plants may need more water during the summer months, and gardeners should avoid watering them during the day. Instead, Brian recommended watering in the mornings or evenings as this reduces the amount of evaporation. He explained: “Knowing how often to water can be tricky, as this will depend on the type of weather. During hot periods, some plants require watering once a day, while others can go a few weeks without water. “When planning your garden, put plants with similar needs next to each other so that you’re able to stick to a watering schedule for different patches of your garden.” 6. Using chemical pesticides Chemical pesticides can kill pests very quickly, but they can also kill other types of insects you are not targeting. The expert said: “Some pesticides can also be passed on to other living organisms like animals. “Rather consider using biological controls, like the predator of a pest to help keep them under control in your garden. “Chemical pesticides should only be used as a last resort, when alternative options have been unsuccessful.”