Liverpool want a cheap, last-minute signing to ease Jurgen Klopp’s midfield crisis, according to reports. The Reds are still expected to strengthen in the final days of the transfer window despite a Premier League record equalling 9-0 thumping of Bournemouth on Saturday. Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves is rumoured to be of interest to Klopp and the Anfield hierarchy. The Portugal international has been excellent for the midlands club, and thumped home the opening goal in the 1-1 draw with Newcastle on Sunday. However, Liverpool are apparently yet to make an offer for Neves with just over two days remaining in the summer transfer window. That could make a deal difficult to complete, especially as Wolves head coach Bruno Lage slapped a £100million price tag on the 25-year-old’s head at the end of last season. Liverpool are expected to renege on their initial stance that there would be no more incomings following the £85m arrival of Darwin Nunez earlier this summer. A tricky start to the Premier League campaign, coupled with a gruelling schedule, has seen Klopp decide that he needs a new midfielder. JUST IN: Arsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered' According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, the Merseysiders will seek a ‘cheap, late’ signing. It will be one that may not be easy to acquire with a little over 48 hours to conclude a move. The report adds that no formal offer has been made to Wolves for Neves. Bruno Lage would likely want to keep the former Porto man and it would take a seismic proposal to prise him away from Molineux. “These top players like Ruben Neves have a value of £100m. We need to be aware of everything, anything can happen, not just with Ruben but with any position,” Lage said of Neves back in May. DON'T MISS...Man City stat hints Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal have no title hopeLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's transfer confession highlights FSG errorLiverpool boss Klopp has new fan favourite to unleash on Newcastle Neves, for his part, has admitted that he expected to leave Wolves at the end of last season. He has since played down talk of an exit but says that being given the captaincy by Lage following Conor Coady’s departure does not guarantee he will remain at Wolves. “Well, let’s see what happens,” Neves told The Times when asked if wearing the armband was a display of commitment to Wolves. “I try to focus 100 per-cent on my football and I had a good start to the season but we need results now. “If you ask me at the end of last season I would have said to you: ‘I will leave’, but I’m still here, so we never know what’s going to happen.” It is unclear where Liverpool will turn for their new midfielder. They have a long-standing interest in England and Borussia Dortmund teenager Jude Bellingham, while Sheffield United’s Sander Berge is also on their radar.