TV chef Matt Tebbutt was back this weekend with the latest instalment of his BBC cooking show Saturday Kitchen. At the beginning of the show, Matt welcomed presenter and former politician Ed Balls, along with guest chefs Theo Randall, Olia Hercules and wine connoisseur Helen McGinn who joined via video call. Unfortunately, fans were left fuming after Theo sparked a major hygiene backlash.  English chef Theo was the first to take to the kitchen to make his guinea fowl recipe. Theo shared his love for the bird and said: “It’s got so much flavour, its got beautiful fat on it, and it’s got that sort of in-between kind of chicken and being slightly gamey.” Speaking to Ed, the chef added: “I know you don’t like game things, but I think this will change your mind on this because this is really delicious. Theo explained: “I’m going to roast it, bone it, and stuff it with prosciutto di Parma, mascarpone, thyme and lemon and roast it on some sourdough bread.” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected  The chef quickly portioned off the Guinea Fowl and cut along the bone to separate the meat. While doing so, he continued: “And there you have two guinea fowl’s boned.” As Theo picked up the raw meat and placed them into a bowl, he highlighted the next step: “Now we’re going to make the stuffing.” However, before he did so, Theo made sure to head to the sink and wash his hands. However, viewers were not impressed with his hygiene and suggested his hands weren't clean enough after handling raw meat.    Taking to Twitter @missarsenal1990 wrote: “I really wish they would wash their hands properly on [saturday kitchen].” A disgusted @MissBlancheFury noted: “Only washed his hands for 1 sec after handling raw chicken.” @janebryant59 added: “I know they have time constraints, but running your hands under cold water for less than 5 seconds after handling raw poultry upsets my equilibrium so much.” (sic) An angered @Anj0035 tweeted: [Theo Randall] didn't wash his hands properly, just rinsed them, no soap, handles meat again & touching all items. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [INSIGHT]James Martin: The TV chef’s quiet life in idyllic Hampshire village [INSIGHT]Saturday Kitchen guest grossed out by Laura Whitmore mushroom habit [INSIGHT]  The viewer continued: “Rinses hands & touches all items again, just leaving things infected with raw meat, great food poisoning technique - 0/5 hygiene stars.” Despite the backlash, other viewers also defended the chef on Twitter. @WildManWaterloo shared: “All these stupid people moaning that chefs on Saturday Kitchen don't wash their hands properly.” (sic) While @r2012 tweeted: “The kitchen health inspectors are out in force this morning.”     Theo continued to make his guinea fowl dish which Ed and host Matt seemed to enjoy. Helen suggested the meal would be best paired with Pinot Noir from Chile. Olia created Ukrainian buns, which she shared were “made in other Eastern European countries.” She added: “They’re called Gomboti in Transcarpathia and Pampuchy everywhere else.” Later on in the episode, Ed also took to the kitchen and made his cheese souffle recipe.  Saturday Kitchen airs weekly on BBC at 10 am