Manchester United will have failed in the transfer market this summer if they don’t get their hands on Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong, according to Express Sport readers. And the club’s owners the Glazers have been told they need to land at least four more signings before the transfer window slams shut at the start of September. United suffered a miserable campaign last season as they were found wanting time and time again under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. Erik ten Hag took the helm at Old Trafford over the summer after he quit Ajax to join the 13-time Premier League champions. But the Red Devils’ struggles haven’t assuaged under the Dutchman. United were beaten 2-1 at home by Brighton on the opening weekend of the campaign before suffering the ignominy of being thrashed 4-0 at Brentford last Saturday. And ahead of their clash with Liverpool on Monday night, the side were bottom of the Premier League table. Ten Hag’s best hopes of overseeing a fruitful season could depend on the success he has in the transfer market before the deadline passes. The 52-year-old has already brought in Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Casemiro. But he hasn’t done enough in the eyes of our readers. JUST IN: Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism Express Sport readers were able to join the debate about United’s summer transfer business by taking part in our poll. And respondents have made their views clear. We asked readers whether the Red Devils’ summer window should be regarded as a failure if they can’t prise De Jong away from Spain. And a staggering 69.3 per cent of the people who answered said that it should be. We also asked fans how many more signings Ten Hag should make this summer. The top response from our readers indicated that United need to make five or more signings, although the club have managed to land Casemiro since the poll started. Still, that would suggest that readers believe that four or more new faces are still needed at the club - and there is only one week of the transfer window remaining. DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesArsenal make Neto their 'priority' after lengthy Mendes talksFive players Arsenal could sign before deadline after Arteta admission  A whopping 53,086 people responded to our poll. And the vast majority of them clearly believe the north west giants have plenty more business to take care of over the next week. United are back in action on Saturday when they travel to Southampton in the lunchtime game. And they then face a trip to fellow strugglers Leicester next Thursday night in their final match before the window closes. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 