The exclusive Techne UK poll for express.co.uk has revealed a significant number of British voters are worried about the future allegiances of Scotland should Nicola Sturgeon get her way and achieve independence. It comes just a few months after Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, himself a Scot, claimed Russia had tried to interfere in the 2014 independence referendum and influence the result. According to the survey of 1,624 voters across the UK, 21 percent believe there's a significant danger an independent Scotland would strike a military alliance with Russia or China. The number increases when limited to Conservative voters with a third (33 percent) believing it is a realistic danger. Concerns over SNP links with Russia have been heightened by their willingness to appear on state-sponsored Russian media including Sputnik and Russia Today. Former SNP First Minister Alex Salmond, who left to form a rival independence party Alba, had his own show on Russia Today until he suspended it following criticism after the invasion of Ukraine. Other senior members of the Scottish nationalists who have appeared on RT include controversial Glasgow Cathcart MSP James Dornan, SNP MP and defence spokesman Douglas Chapman, and Commons international trade committee chairman Angus MacNeil. In November last year, Mr Wallace highlighted concerns that Vladimir Putin’s Russia in particular appeared to have an interest in Scottish independence. During a briefing with Scottish journalists, Mr Wallace said: “I think what we’ve seen is Russia and other nations take an interest to magnify division in nationalist debates around Europe, including Scotland. “I can’t talk about the here and now [for security reasons] but I could say there is an interest – and more than that.” READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon's IndyRef2 argument torn apart new legal document In 2020, a report by the Parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee said there was “credible open-source commentary” that Russia “undertook influence campaigns in relation to the Scottish independence referendum” in 2014. Concerns have also been raised over the SNP’s aim to end Britain’s nuclear deterrent and remove it from Scottish soil at Faslane on the west cost. But in recent years the SNP has also dropped its historic opposition to an independent Scotland joining Nato. In 2012, Angus Robertson, now the Scottish Government’s minister for external affairs, and Mr MacNeil successfully brought a motion at the SNP conference to commit an independent Scotland to joining Nato. In recent months as well, Ms Sturgeon has also condemned Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS Truss support surge in leader race fuels chances of beating Labour [REVEAL] POLL: Should next PM hold a general election immediately? [REACT] Sturgeon's SNP referendum obsession is killing Scotland [INSIGHT] Currently, the SNP Scottish Government is attempting to challenge the law that it cannot initiate an independence referendum without permission from Westminster. Boris Johnson and both his potential successors Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak have said they will not allow a Scottish independence referendum pointing out that the one in 2014 was meant to be a “once in a generation” event. The UK Government has submitted a 31-page document dismantling Ms Sturgeon’s demands that Holyrood could initiate such a vote without permission.