Chelsea are reportedly set to make Inter Milan an improved offer of £12million in an attempt to get their hands on wonderkid Cesare Casadei before the end of the summer transfer window. And the Blues’ pursuit of the midfielder could pave the way for them to revive their negotiations with the Italian club over Denzel Dumfries. Chelsea were taken over by Todd Boehly at the end of May and have since been busy in the transfer market. The west Londoners have spent around £168m to sign Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney Chukwuemeka and Gabriel Slonina. And there could be more signings on the way. According to the Daily Mail, Chelsea are poised to double their offer for Casadei after seeing a bid of £6m turned down earlier this summer. The Blues have extensively scouted the midfielder and he could put pen-to-paper on a deal as an academy signing before heading back to Serie A on loan. Chelsea’s interest in the 19-year-old means they could soon find themselves at the negotiation table with the San Siro giants. And they could use the discussions as a way of persuading Inter to sanction a move for Dumfries. READ MORE: PSG 'have Mbappe plan' for Rashford which may have big impact on Messi   According to Tuttosport, Chelsea asked about the Netherlands international while they were thrashing out a deal to take Romelu Lukaku back to Italy earlier this summer. And they haven’t taken the 26-year-old off their radar. Inter chiefs are convinced that Chelsea will make an attempt to sign the ace. And the Italians could be open to doing a deal for around £33.5m plus bonuses. Dumfries, who has won 35 caps for his country and will be hoping to be part of their World Cup squad later this year, only joined Inter last summer as he called time on a three-year spell with PSV in his homeland. He went on to play 33 matches in Serie A and also appeared seven times in the Champions League as Inter missed out on domestic honours when they were beaten to the title by AC Milan. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already    Dumfries played in a right wing-back role for much of the last campaign and could provide competition for Reece James if Chelsea do get their hands on him. And his arrival at Stamford Bridge would also give manager Thomas Tuchel the option of moving James into his back three on occasions. James found the back of the net on Sunday as his side drew 2-2 with Tottenham in the Premier League. And the England international has illustrated time and time again just how much reliance Tuchel puts on his wing-backs. So the German is unlikely to scoff at the idea of bolstering his options in a key position should Inter be open to a deal for Dumfries. 