The Duke of Sussex spoke at a United Nations speech in New York on July 18. Royal expert Daniela Elser claimed that the "international community" were hardly "turning up in droves" to hear Harry's keynote speech. Meanwhile, Ms Elser said Washington has ignored the couple at the same time Meghan is said to be trying to make her way in US politics. Ms Elser said: "Meghan’s cold-calling of senators about paid parental leave last year went down about as well as a gluten and dairy-free scone at a Buckingham Palace garden party and the Duchess has yet to emerge as any sort of power player ahead of the midterm elections later this year." According to the royal commentator, the Duchess has failed to cement herself in US politics. Ms Elser said: "In late June, the former actress took part in a conversation with feminist pioneer Gloria Steinem for Vogue after the horrendous quashing of abortion protection, saying: 'Well, Gloria, maybe it seems as though you and I will be taking a trip to D.C. together soon'.”  "Nearly two months on, the Duchess has yet to turn up inside the Beltway," Elser added. She also noted that both Harry and Meghan have proven "totally unsuccessful at making themselves matter in the corridors of power in Washington, New York, Silicon Valley or Los Angeles". Reports state that Meghan has set her sights on becoming the next US President. In July, an insider said to be close to the 41-year-old Duchess, said: "Meghan is convinced she’d be a huge success in politics and is taking it incredibly seriously. READ MORE: Royal Family at Balmoral set to become 'divisive political matter' "She’s convinced there’s a huge opportunity here and is looking to run in the 2028 elections. In the meantime, she’ll spend her time studying hard, schmoozing with all the right people, and building her reputation within the Democratic Party. "She’s determined to prove herself and has zero doubt she can reach the pinnacle of US politics. After all, if Donald Trump managed to somehow huff and puff his way to the White House, so can Meghan.” US President Joe Biden’s sister, Valerie Biden Owens, told Good Morning Britain earlier this year she would “welcome her [Meghan] to come in and join the Democratic Party”, adding “yes, perhaps, of course, she will” make a good presidential candidate. Meanwhile, Prince Harry has been accused of "trying to brand himself as a leader in the US", by LA-based royal commentator Kinsey Schofield. She said: "What I think he’s trying to do is brand himself as a Mark Zuckerberg, Barack Obama — some guy that can get $100,000 dollars for a speech in Miami to a bunch of rich dudes.  "I think he is trying to brand himself as a leader in the United States and will use his book to try to do that." Since moving to the US, Harry and Meghan appear to have made clear their thoughts on certain political issues and focused their attention on humanitarian efforts. Prince Harry also touched on several political issues during his United Nations speech. One such issue was the overturning of the 1973 Roe v Wade ruling, which he denounced. He said: “From the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom, the cause of Mandela’s life.” 