The girl had jumped about five metres into the popular Black Moss Pot pool in the Lake District's Langstrath Valley during the heatwave. Another person reportedly jumped shortly after the girl, landing on her head as she came up to the surface. Yesterday, Sunday August 14, a 20 person Keswick Mountain Rescue Team was called to the scene along with a Great North Air Ambulance Service (GNAAS) helicopter. A coastguard helicopter was also called as a precaution. The young girl was then airlifted to Cumberland Infirmary, at Carlisle with head and neck injuries. She was able to get herself out of the water with some help, however due to the potential seriousness of neck and head injuries GNAAS flew her to hospital. The coastguard helicopter was called off after GNAAS arrived at the scene.  A spokesperson for Keswick Mountain Rescue said: "Black Moss Pot in upper Borrowdale was understandably very busy on this beautiful hot day. "A 12 year old child jumped into the pool, another person jumped in immediately after and landed on the child’s head. "The child got herself out of the water with some help but with suspected serious head and neck injuries. "In light of the potential seriousness of the incident Helimed 58 were tasked to the incident and as a precaution the Coast Guard were also tasked but were stood down once GNAAS Helimed 58 had arrived on scene. READ MORE: Putin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims  "Keswick sent two vehicles with other team members going direct." "The journey up the valley was made much slower and more difficult by some very inconsiderate roadside parking. "The casualty was assessed on scene then stretchered to the helicopter and airlifted to Carlisle Hospital." The rescue took the team just under two and a half hours to perform the rescue. DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Roger Johnson [REPORT]Xi in crisis as entire region in China forced to shutdown production [ANALYSIS]Diet: Ingredient you need to consume daily to lose weight [INSIGHT]  Black Moss Pot is a popular spot for walkers and swimmers and is known for its natural beauty. It has approximately five metre high walls with a secluded pool below which swimmers often jump into. The secluded swimming spot is more than an hour and a half walk from the village of Stonethwaite. As temperatures soared over the weekend, many Britons tried to keep cool by wild swimming in lakes and rivers. 