Escape to the Chateau has been part of Channel 4's line-up since 2016, documenting Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge's journey in restoring Château de la Motte-Husson. A classic episode of the well-loved programme followed the couple, and their children Dorothy and Arthur, seeking inspiration from Claude Monet's famous garden in Giverny, France. However, Angel was not impressed with something she heard in the artist's garden.   During the episode, which aired on Saturday afternoon, Angel and her family visited the iconic house French painter Monet lived in for more than four decades. Dick showed his children lily pads which were floating in the water of Monet's tranquil garden and explained the artist adored them so much he created 250 oil paintings of them. Angel, who was in awe of the lily pads and the rest of Monet's garden, said: "I love them, I absolutely love them." As she the garden of the world-famous painter, she added: "This looks stunning to me, so stunning."  READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death  The couple thought their chateau would look incredible if they had waterlilies in their pond which would bloom during wedding season. As they were admiring the artist's garden with their children, they heard a bullfrog on a lily pad. The children wondered where the noise was coming from and Dick did an accurate impression of the amphibian which made them laugh. However, Angel was not impressed by the frog and made it clear she did not want to have any on the grounds of their chateau.  "I can't get over how loud it is," she exclaimed. "It would be a nightmare [at the chateau]." "That noise, with the geese and Arthur's snoring," she quipped. The couple decided to purchase 30 lily stems to add to their chateau's pond. "Look how beautiful they are," Angel said as Dick planted the waterlilies back at their Neo-Renaissance-style chateau. "You have to be delicate, everyone does." DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge makes ‘stunning’ tile feature [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau star Angel shares her ‘secret weapon’ for paint [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau’s Angel ‘put on the spot’ over project [UPDATE] Arthur, who was helping his father with the gardening, sweetly told the plants he did not want to hurt them as he tried to be careful with them. Dick hoped the lilies would continue to grow and quipped: "Am the only one that doubts they will grow? "I am rather wet and rather smelly so they better grow, that's all that I can say." Dick and Angel bought their 19th Century chateau for just £380,000 post-tax in 2015 and have been revamping it ever since.   The ninth season of the well-loved programme Escape to the Chateau is due to arrive on screens by the end of 2022. There has been no word of an official return date for the docu-series as of yet. However, fans can still see what progress Dick and Angel are making on their 45-bedroom home on their website. Escape to the Chateau episodes are available to stream on All4. 