The Games which conclude on Monday were held in Birmingham and saw England’s women’s hockey team win gold alongside England winning one, two and three in the men’s 3m springboard diving final. The results gave the royal couple much to celebrate as the Countess is the Patron of England Hockey while her husband is the Vice-Patron of the Commonwealth Games. The wider Wessex family were previously seen enjoying the games as they attended the men’s 50m freestyle S7 Final swimming event last week at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre. The Earl of Wessex was once again presenting the medals and in the audience was Sophie, their daughter Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The family were later joined by Prince William, the Duchess of Cambridge and their daughter Princess Charlotte. On Sunday, England’s women’s hockey team won their first Commonwealth gold after beating Australia 2-1 at the University of Birmingham. The Countess of Wessex expressed her pride for the team in the caption of the Instagram post for the account of the Royal Family. Sophie wrote: “Massive, massive congratulations to @englandhockey – well-deserved Commonwealth Gold medallists. “Well done Holly for leading such a fabulous team. I am so happy and so, so proud of you all. You are all stars. – Sophie” READ MORE:Charles urged: pay back £1million Bin Laden 'blood money' funds The caption continued: “As Patron of @englandhockey, The Countess of Wessex sends her congratulations to the Women’s Team on their Gold Medal win at the Commonwealth Games today.” Fans praised the Countess with Instagram user @devenny779 commenting: “You are a delight to watch, and you move among spectators, winners and families…you include the world without missing a beat.” Another added: “A Sophie post! So lovely to hear from her for a change! She is a credit to the family.” The Earl of Wessex presented the medals for the men’s 3m springboard final which was won by three members of the England Team. DON'T MISS: Northerner hits out at Waitrose map showing North-South divide (INSIGHT)Soham murderer Ian Huntley revealed horrific details (REVEAL)Anger as shopper brands Sunday trading hours 'outdated joke' (REACTION) Prince Edward is the Vice-Patron of the Commonwealth Games and said in an Instagram post: “What a fantastic evening of diving at @birminghamcg22! “Congratulations @officialteamengland on your 1-2-3!” Daniel Goodfellow took gold, followed by Jordan Houlden with silver and Jack Laugher winning the bronze medal. One user added: “I love how the Wessex family have blossomed and stepped up their royal duties to help Her Majesty.” @rebelgirlkaren echoed the sentiment saying: “It is so nice to see Edward take the centre stage now. “He and his lovely wife are great jewels to the crown.”