Chelsea's pursuit of Leicester City centre-back Wesley Fofana has taken a fresh twist following reports that the Foxes are interested in signing Blues winger Callum Hudson-Odoi. With the Premier League pair each eyeing one of the other's assets, the possibility of a potential swap deal has arisen after Chelsea's attempts to sign Fofana have so far been rebuffed. Thomas Tuchel remains keen on bolstering his backline this summer having still only landed one of the three centre-backs he is hoping to add to his ranks in Kalidou Koulibaly. Numerous defenders have been targeted throughout the summer, however, the Blues' full focus appears to have now turned to Fofana. After seeing an initial £60million proposal turned down, Chelsea are understood to have now seen an improved offer of £70m also rejected. Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted Fofana is not for sale this summer, while there's been talk that the Blues could even pay up as much as £85m to land their man. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer However, it may not come to that ,as a potentially enticing swap deal between the two clubs could be in the offing. According to Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea's Hudson-Odoi could well leave Stamford Bridge in search of regular game time this season and the Foxes have expressed an interest in taking the England winger on. Leicester are understood to have held discussions with Chelsea over Hudson-Odoi, who is also said to have received a loan offer from Southampton. It is thought the player will now make a decision on his future over the coming days. Chelsea will no doubt be hoping Leicester are his preference as they seek to find a breakthrough with regards to Fofana. With the Foxes keen on Hudson-Odoi, a deal to see the two players switch places would certainly have its benefits. DON'T MISS Chelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener Speaking on Friday, Rodgers admitted that Leicester had rebuffed Chelsea's opening offer for the Frenchman, one that came nowhere near to their valuation of the player. The Foxes boss declared: “There's been an offer to the club, but nowhere near the valuation of our ownership. We didn't even think about it. “The club know the value of what they have, and any player that leaves here, they will always want the top valuation on that player. That's only natural, but historically, Leicester have done that very well.”