The group of attackers reappeared at 76-year-old Roy Muller’s home in Great Barr at around 6pm on Monday, August 15. The pensioner has been struggling to cope with the repeated incidents at his home, north west of Birmingham, since last October. In the footage, one member of the group calls to Mr Muller, taunting: “Remember me from last time?” Elsewhere in the footage, foul insults can be heard. Worried neighbours called the police as Mr Muller described the attacks as “escalating”. He says he is now “frightened to go out”, with family members anxious the attacks could bring on a second heart attack after Mr Muller suffered one last year. READ MORE: Putin knows 'mistake' as he 'burns through' Russian army Mr Muller recalled: "It started last October, the first time it happened I thought a car was coming through the house. It was that loud, the banging. "But then it carried on, and later they were wearing masks. "The longest time I've been without it is a month, it can be every day. It's just getting worse and worse. "It can be twice a day. I'm hoping to catch them and call the police.” In one of the most recent attacks captured on CCTV, a masked youth strikes Mr Muller and kicks him as the pensioner attempts to hold him down for the police. Mr Muller, who has lived in his home for over four decades, has personally appealed to West Midlands Police Chief Constable Sir David Thompson. Mr Muller said: "All the police ever do is come and record it and go away.” He added: “The police say ignore them, but they need to sort them out. The police must've been here five times in the last few weeks.” DON'T MISS: Angry Brit jumps in front of combine harvester - VID [WATCH] Storm Tracker LIVE: Lightning to smash London imminently as new alerts [LIVE] POLL: Should the energy price cap rise be scrapped? [VOTE] He continued: "I'm frightened to leave the house in case they do it and when I am out I'm checking my camera on my phone. "The police keep saying they will step up patrols but there aren't any patrols to step up." Mr Muller said that clips posted by his family into the internet had prompted messages of shock from the gang members' parents. He recounted: "My daughter put it on the internet and their mothers came forward and were horrified. The parents are different, it's the kids who are foul." A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: "We're investigating after receiving reports of a man in his 70s being the victim of assault and harassment in Great Barr. "We fully understand how distressing this is and are looking to safeguard the man while progressing enquiries to establish those responsible. "Officers from the local neighbourhood policing team are aware of ongoing anti-social behaviour and are routinely monitoring the area as part of their patrols strategy. "We take all allegations of harassment incredibly seriously, and we are committed to ensuring the safety of our community."