Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong has decided to stay at the club for five different reasons, ending Manchester United and Chelsea's hopes of luring him to the Premier League this summer. De Jong has been at the core of the saga of the summer transfer window, but it looks set to meet an anti-climactic conclusion with him remaining at the Nou Camp. United were most strongly linked with the 25-year-old after Erik ten Hag identified him as his priority transfer target. However, once his stance became clear, the Red Devils quickly completed a £70million deal for Real Madrid's Casemiro. Chelsea arrived in the frame late, but their interest never formalised. According to Sport, De Jong's decision to snub United and Chelsea to stay in Catalonia is split into five reasons. Firstly the Netherlands international and his wife are settled in Barcelona. He was also keen to prevent his time at his dream club from being plagued by a negative final chapter amid the £14million to £17m he's owed in deferred salary payments. JUST IN: PSG respond to Neymar to Chelsea transfer rumours  De Jong is convinced that, despite falling down Xavi Hernandez's pecking order, he can play an important role for Barca and battle back above Sergio Busquets, Gavi and Pedri in his plans. He is also convinced that after a difficult 2021/22 season, Barcelona now have a squad capable of challenging for major honours again and unsurprisingly wants a part in it. United were undoubtedly De Jong's leading suitors throughout the summer window, even delaying other transfer plans while they kept the funds to sanction his arrival to one side. But the final reason for his Barcelona stay made a switch to Old Trafford unrealistic from the start line. READ MORE: Brexit stops Fulham making exciting Justin Kluivert signing  The report adds De Jong wasn't ready to sacrifice Champions League football if he was to leave Barca, something the Red Devils couldn't offer this season after their sixth-place finish last term. Chelsea could, amid a summer splurge by the club's new ownership, but they had barely entered the race before he had signalled his final intention to stay put in Spain. United risked uproar among the fanbase by targeting Juventus' Adrien Rabiot as their De Jong hopes faded. But the club settled on a significant upgrade in Casemiro after talks with the Frenchman broke down over his wage demands. Casemiro, a five-time Champions League winner and Real Madrid legend, could make his full debut at Leicester City on Thursday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here