Brooklyn Beckham, the 23-year-old son of fashion entrepreneur Victoria and ex-footballer David, has admitted that he is desperate to become a young father. However that enthusiasm may not be shared by Nicola, 27, right now - and he has agreed to wait until she is "ready". Victoria was 24 when she gave birth to Brooklyn - just a year older than he is now - and he would love it if starting a family would follow the same pattern for him. "I've always wanted to be a young dad and I would love to have a family soon, but whenever my wife is ready," he admitted in a new interview. "I could have, like, ten, but her body... it's her decision," he conceded to Entertainment Tonight. Though he's unsure if his ambition will be fulfilled, he does know that Nicola, who has 'Family first' tattooed on her ribs in Yiddish, is someone who values family life. The former youth footballer, who eventually decided against following in his famous father's sporting footsteps, has also revealed that Nicola believes their first born is likely to be a boy. READ NOW: Paul O'Grady breaks silence on reason for BBC Radio exit Talking to Variety about the family they feel they will have "one day", he added that they intend to combine surnames. "It'll be so cool to… have little Peltz Beckhams running around," he gushed emotionally. Brooklyn had been talking at the Variety Power of Young Hollywood event following his move with Nicola to the USA, where her extended family is based. The pair kissed on the red carpet, while Nicola showed off her new brunette hairstyle. When they got married earlier this year, the tiara-wearing billionaire heiress had been rocking a shade of bleached blonde. Nicola works as a model and actress, while Brooklyn, who has a friendship with Gordon Ramsay, is focusing on building a cooking career. He told journalists at the event that he is continuing to try to make a name for himself as a future chef. Brooklyn has even suggested that the pair would make a great reality TV show couple. DON'T MISS... Antonio Banderas, 61, attends gala with girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 40 [EVENT] Demi Rose flaunts wardrobe malfunction in tiny micro mini skirt [PHOTOS] Brad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed [UNEARTHED FOOTAGE]  Meanwhile, Nicola decided to share a photo of herself in floods of tears alone in her bed last week, fuelling rumours of a rift between herself and Brooklyn's mum Victoria. Some fans had believed the two lovebirds had been on the verge of splitting over Nicola's adamant decision that she would not want to move to the UK - and Victoria's alleged sadness that her son would be living thousands of miles away. Asked whether she would ever be an honorary Londoner, she told Tatler: "‘I would say no... because I love knowing I am so close to my family [in the USA]." However Nicola spoke out to clarify that she gets on well with her mother-in-law, in spite of choosing not to wear one of her creations for her wedding day. Meanwhile her husband has been busy behind the scenes with his Facebook project, a show called Cookin' with Brooklyn. His unusual food choices, such as a fish and chip breakfast bagel, have certainly attracted attention from followers. "Ever since the pandemic, all he’s wanted to talk about is being in the kitchen," she explained to Tatler, "so I just started filming him one day. "I said, 'This is what you love,'" Nicola explained, adding that she enjoys watching him talk to her billionaire dad to "learn" from him as he ponders his next business move.