During Monday's instalment of the ITV show, viewers saw Sean Fletcher and Charlotte Hawkins behind the Good Morning Britain desk. With Nasa launching The Artemis 1 later on today, the hosts wanted to know if the weather conditions were going to be ok, although they got a longer answer than they planned from Laura Tobin.  Addressing the ITV weather reporter, Charlotte asked Laura Tobin to give viewers a weather update. She asked: “What’s the latest? Is it the right weather for a rocket launch?” Although she touched on the weather, the residential reporter dived into a lengthy explanation of Nasa’s rocket launch today. However, she went on to further explain when people can expect other rocket launches in the future.  When she had finished Charlotte hit back: “Oh honestly, Laura, we asked for a quick weather update ok?!” The reporter could be heard off-screen admitting that her explanation was keeping it brief. Sean then joked: “We said [to] keep it really brief!” Laughing, Charlotte thanked Laura before informing viewers they’d be speaking to the first Briton in space later on in the show.   During Laura’s lengthy explanation, she informed viewers that the rocket wouldn’t launch if there were showers within a five-mile radius.She stated that although there was rain close by, they’ve since cleared.Giving more background information on The Artemis 1, she said: “The thing that’s really exciting about this, it was more than 50 years ago that we had Apollo go to the moon.“Artemis is Apollo’s twin sister in mythology.” The ITV resident weather reporter then shared that the rocket will be launching at 1:33pm UK time.Sharing her excitement, Laura added: “It’s now the fact that we have the next man and the first woman on the moon.Artemis 1 is planned to stay in space for 42 days as it orbits the moon and conducts some tests.Then on October 10, it will land back on Earth in the ocean where it will then be recovered. Laura revealed that Artemis 2 is planning on being launched in 2024 with Artemis 3 planned for the following year.On Nasa’s official site, they touch more about the mission and what they plan to achieve.It reads: “Artemis I is the first in a series of increasingly complex missions that will enable human exploration of the Moon and Mars.”Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.