Explosive details of the Duchess of Windsor’s extramarital affair contained in French Secret Services files have been exclusively shared with Express.co.uk. The formerly classified documents were uncovered by the historian and royal biographer Andrew Lownie during research for his book ‘Traitor King’ about the Duke and Duchess of Windsor’s exile from Britain after the disgraced former King abdicated the throne in 1936 to marry the twice-divorced American socialite. Intelligence reports compiled by French spies shed further light on Wallis’ relationship with Jimmy Donahue. One memo provides an account of a romantic night out in Paris she and the American playboy enjoyed together. Dated September 28, 1951, it lays out in granular detail how the two lovers wined and dined in the French capital before spending the night together. Meanwhile, Wallis’ husband Edward was 200 miles away in London, visiting his brother King George VI as he recovered from an operation to remove his cancerous left lung. Dossier 696 reads: “Subject: Duchess of Windsor's stay in Paris. “The Duchess of Windsor, claiming to be unwell, yesterday morning expressed the intention of staying in her room all day. JUST IN: Charles' plans for monarchy laid bare as historian pinpoints key detail: 'He's the bridge' “However, at about 3pm, she went out to attend the presentation of the collection by Christian Dior and returned to her residence at 5:50pm. “At about 8pm, Mr James Donahue came to pick her up. Together they had dinner at the restaurant ‘Paprika’ 14, rue Chaucat and finished the evening at the cabaret de Monseigneur, rue de Amsterdam. “Mr Donahue accompanied the Duchess to her residence at about 2:20am and did not leave the hotel in the Rue de Faisanderie himself until 5am.” The revelation that French spies were watching the two lovers’ secret rendezvous was dubbed “invaluable” by Dr Lownie. The historian explained how Edward had already been under observation by the intelligence agencies of Austria, the UK, Portugal and the US. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “It now appears that even in France after the war he was still a subject of interest to the intelligence services with the discovery of these hitherto unknown files. “Such files are invaluable to the biographer, giving the movements of subjects, who they met and when, providing physical descriptions and even actual conversations. “They all help build a picture and one has to be grateful that at least these French files have been retained.” Just five days before spies caught Wallis and Donahue in one of their late-night trysts, George VI was going under the knife at Buckingham Palace. Surgeons drafted into the royal residence were successful in removing the cancerous left lung of the heavy-smoking monarch. DON'T MISS: Prince Charles will mirror European royalty as he strives for ‘less fussy’ monarchy [LATEST]'Modernisers' Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'to thank' for Royal Family's survival [INSIGHT]Harry's memoir success 'important' as Sussexes have been 'spending money like water' [ANALYSIS] However, he died five months later aged 56, with many attributing his ill health in part to the stresses of World War 2 and his brother’s abdication. The King had acceded to the throne unexpectedly after his elder brother abdicated to marry Wallis less than a year after himself taking to the throne. Edward’s bold gesture led to his and Wallis’ relationship being dubbed “the greatest romance of the 20th Century”. However, 15 years after the abdication, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor’s marriage was in crisis. Wallis’ affair with Donahue – who until then had only had relationships with other men – was just one of many secret romances, and Edward eventually confronted her about her infidelities. The Duchess started seeing the playboy in 1950 when she was 54 and he 35, although they were first acquainted nine years earlier. Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the Windsor files when contacted by Express.co.uk. ‘Traitor King: The Scandalous Exile of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor’ was written by Andrew Lownie and published by Blink Publishing in 2021. It is available here. An updated version has just been published. Dr Lownie also appears in Channel 4 documentary, ‘Edward VIII Britain's Traitor King’ on Sunday from 7pm.