Prince Harry and Meghan are visiting the UK next month to attend the One Young World Summit and WellChild Awards before jetting off to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event. Speaking on Talk TV, royal expert Angela Levin has accused of the couple of "making money" off of people who are ill, as tickets to their UK event stands at one thousand pounds per day. Ms Levin claimed the Sussexes event in Germany, and the WellChild Awards event in London, are "making money on people who are very ill, psychologically and physically. "That's atrocious." She added: "They have to pay a thousand pounds a day to get into that. "[There are] three days." READ MORE: Kate stuns as she takes economy flight with Charlotte and Louis en route to Balmoral She continued: "It's three thousand pounds, it doesn't include their travel, their flight." She pointed out this is "not equal" as it would only be "rich young people who can come to it". Journalist and broadcast commentator, Mike Graham claimed that during the current crisis of rising living costs, we "don't need some cosseted multi-millionaire coming into Britian on a private jet to teach us all, about how much more kind we should be." Ms Levin said: "Absolutely, they always say, you know, compassionate for those you know and those you don't", adding that this is "not just by speaking". READ MORE: Prince Harry branded 'unkind' for keeping royals out of the loop with memoir When Meghan and Harry's UK visit was announced last week, it was stated that the couple would be visiting charities "close to their hearts". They are set to travel to Manchester for the One World summit on September 5. At the summit, Meghan is set to deliver the keynote speech. The following day, they are travelling to the one year countdown event for the 2023 Invictus Games. On September 8, the couple will be in London for the WellChild Awards. DON'T MISS Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] As well as being the founder of the Invictus Games, Prince Harry has worked with WellChild for some years. He has been their Patron since 2007. Meghan and Harry have previously attended the WellChild Awards in 2019. At the 2019 event, Harry appeared to get emotional during his speech, in which he spoke about his son Archie. READ NEXT: