Liverpool could be forced back into the transfer market after midfielder Thiago was ruled out for six weeks with a hamstring injury. The club are now struggling for options in midfield as the Spaniard joins Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the Anfield treatment room while Naby Keita and Jordan Henderson are both prone to niggles. Jurgen Klopp previously claimed that Liverpool would only re-enter the transfer market if they were to suffer unexpected injuries, something which has now come to pass. Here Express Sport investigates the potential options open to the club as they seek to solve their midfield crisis. Youri Tielemans The Leicester midfielder has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs during the transfer window including Arsenal, Manchester United and Newcastle, however, he could be the perfect man to solve Liverpool’s issues. It is no secret that the Belgian international would like to leave the King Power with the club open to selling him for the cut-price fee of £25million to avoid losing him for free when his contract expires at the end of the season. He would therefore provide Liverpool with a low-cost Thiago alternative and at just 25 years old, could benefit massively from Klopp's proven ability to develop players into the world’s best. DON'T MISS: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Lucas Paqueta The Lyon attacking midfielder has emerged as a target for clubs across Europe after impressing in Ligue 1 and has recently handed in a transfer request in an attempt to force his way out of the club. The Brazilian would help to replace the creativity lost by the injury to the Spanish magician and would continue to be a first-team option through the season. However, a move would be incredibly difficult due to Lyon’s high asking price in excess of £50million, which is likely to price the club out. Julian Draxler The German international has fallen out of favour at PSG and they are said to be keen to move him on. Liverpool may therefore provide an interesting way out giving the 28-year-old a chance to get his career back on track. It would take a bid of around £17m for the midfielder to leave Paris which may prove to make the 28-year-old a tempting proposition to the Anfield side. However, it could be a risk to take a chance on the creative midfielder given his struggles over the past couple of seasons meaning Klopp may try and look elsewhere instead. DON'T MISS...Diaby to Arsenal 'one to watch' but face same obstacle as NewcastleMan Utd's De Jong deal looks less likely than ever after Brighton lossChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture at full-time Florian Neuhaus It has been previously reported that Neuhaus has been a target for Liverpool and the club could revisit their interest amid their injury woes. The German is known for his ability to create chances from deep, in a similar ilk to Thiago, and could hence prove to be the perfect replacement. However, the Borussia Monchengladbach man is a target for other Bundesliga clubs including Bayern Munich and could hence prove to be out of reach for the Reds.