Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag would prefer to sign Thomas Meunier from Borussia Dortmund over Barcelona’s Sergino Dest, according to reports. The Red Devils are hoping to strengthen at right-back having deemed Aaron Wan-Bissaka surplus to requirements. However, as the clock ticks down, there’s no guarantee that will happen… Manchester United have struggled with right-backs over the years, ever since Gary Neville called time on his glittering career back in 2011. The club forked out a huge £50million on Wan-Bissaka back in the summer transfer window of 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost, only for the 24-year-old to alarmingly regress in the time since. United have seen Diogo Dalot enjoy a positive start to the campaign but know they need reinforcements in that area as they look to qualify for next season’s Champions League. On Monday, talk of a deal for Dest started to intensify. And The Telegraph have confirmed the 21-year-old, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax, has been offered to the Red Devils. However, Ten Hag would reportedly prefer to land Meunier from Borussia Dortmund instead. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers It’s claimed the Dutchman had hoped to make a bid for the Belgium international, who is free to leave the Westfalenstadion as the Bundesliga titans look to slash their wage bill. The 30-year-old is seen as a ‘reliable’ option, having also played at the top level with Paris Saint-Germain in the past. But United, at this current stage, appear unlikely to land the Dortmund star given how they’re currently stuck with Wan-Bissaka at Old Trafford. United have only received a loan offer for the former Crystal Palace star, who has fallen way behind Dalot when it comes to Ten Hag’s pecking order. And though Palace are interested in taking Wan-Bissaka back to Selhurst Park for a fee of £10m, United deem that to be too low given they paid £40m more for him in 2019. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him The Red Devils lost the likes of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Lee Grant and Edinson Cavani on free transfers earlier in the window. Yet when it comes to securing fees for their players, the Red Devils have struggled in that regard. The only sale they’ve made this summer is Andreas Pereira, who was allowed to leave Fulham for a fee of £8.5m. Eric Bailly, meanwhile, has joined Marseille and impressed on his debut as Alexis Sanchez scored twice in a 3-0 win over Nice. United have also loaned out several players so far this window, too. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Alex Telles was allowed to join Sevilla, just two years after the Brazil international was recruited by Solskjaer from Porto. Dean Henderson is spending the season on loan at Nottingham Forest, having opted against playing second fiddle to David De Gea for another season. Hannibal Mejbri is set to play for Birmingham in the Championship, while Alvaro Fernandez has made a positive impression during his temporary stint at Preston so far. Regarding incomings, United have landed five players so far. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the left-back moving from Feyenoord having previously looked set to move to Ligue 1 side Lyon. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United managed to convince Christian Eriksen to move to Old Trafford, at a time where Brentford had been hoping to keep hold of the Denmark international. The Red Devils were able to win the race for Lisandro Martinez, who was also wanted by Arsenal prior to leaving Ajax behind. Casemiro was the fourth star to sign on the dotted line, with the Brazil international leaving Real Madrid behind for a new challenge in the Premier League. And United have agreed to spend an eye-watering £84m on Antony, who Ten Hag thinks can reach the very top of world football. The club are next in action against Leicester on Thursday (8pm). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here