Reports from Holland suggest Manchester United are gearing up for one last push for Frenkie de Jong in the summer transfer window. It's a proposition that seems quite hard to believe given that the Red Devils have now spent over three months attempting to get the deal over the line but to no avail, due to the midfielder's desire to remain at Barcelona. United even agreed a £72million package with the Catalan giants for Erik ten Hag's former maestro but enticing the player into the move has proven increasingly difficult. De Jong firmly remains part of Xavi's plans and he was named in the starting line up for Sunday's La Liga trip to Real Sociedad. Yet Barca remain under increasing financial pressure having failed to register new signing Jules Kounde in time for the trip to the Basque Country. According to Dutch football reporter Marcel van der Kraan, United are now expected to try their luck once again for De Jong against all odds. JUST IN: Chelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap deal  Van der Kraan has suggested that United boss Ten Hag has been given some additional transfer funds for the final weeks of the window. Financing a move for De Jong has never been the problem, however, yet there is still hope that Barcelona could be forced into offloading the 25-year-old to balance the books in Catalonia. Chelsea are also believed to be in contention for De Jong and the Blues pose an advantage given they can offer Champions League football. United's offer for De Jong is said to have expired, meaning they would potentially have to renegotiate a deal with Barca should they wish to return to the table. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone call Ten Hag has held multiple conversations with his former player but so far, his efforts to convince De Jong to move to Old Trafford have failed to bear fruit. Since then, United have struck a huge £50.8m deal - plus £8.5m in add-ons - for Real Madrid anchorman Casemiro. Despite the club's disastrous start to the new Premier League campaign, there is now optimism the only way is up for United. United are expected to be very active in the final stretch of the summer window as the board look to up the ante in pursuit of reinforcements. There has been some suggestion that PSV Eindhoven forward Cody Gakpo is considered to be an additional target to Antony - as opposed to an alternative. The Red Devils have already bid £67m for the Brazilian, who is continuing to angle for a reunion with his former manager Ten Hag. Antony was left out of the Ajax squad that won on the road at Sparta Rotterdam on Sunday in the Eredivisie. Following consultation with manager Alfred Schreuder, Antony requested to be left out for the match as he looks to force through a transfer.