The flight from the aircraft duo lasted around seven hours. They were accompanied by South Korean F-16s at some stages of the route, the Russian Defence Ministry said. South Korea's military said Russian warplanes entered the country's air defence zone, and that it has taken tactical measures against contingencies. Earlier this week, the US and South Korea started their largest combined military training in years as they increased their defence posture against the growing threat from North Korea. The drills could threaten a furious backlash from North Korea, which has ramped up its weapons testing activity to a record pace this year. The country, led by Kim Jong-un, has also repeatedly threatened conflicts with Seoul and Washington amid a prolonged stalemate in diplomacy. The current military exercises in South Korea will continue until September 1 and include field exercises involving aircraft, warships, tanks as well as a reported tens of thousands of troops. The US and South Korea have attempted to play down the exercises, but North Korea could see them as invasion rehearsals and has used them to justify its nuclear weapons and missiles development. Ulchi Freedom Shield started with a South Korean civil defence training program led by Government employees that lasted for four days.  It reportedly includes exercises simulating joint attacks, front-line reinforcements of arms and fuel, and removals of weapons of mass destruction. The two countries are using the exercises to prepare for drone attacks and other new developments in warfare as demonstrated in Russia's war in Ukraine. They are also practicing joint military-civilian responses to attacks on seaports, airports and key industrial facilities. South Korea has not yet revealed how many military personnel are involved in the latest military drills with the US. READ MORE: Italy stages dramatic Russia intervention in 10-YEAR war warning But last week the country's Defence Ministry said Ulchi Freedom Shield "normalises" large-scale training and field exercises between the allies to help boost their relations. In recent years, the US and South Korea have cancelled a number of their military drills and downsized others to computer simulations.  This was primarily done to increase diplomacy with North Korea when Donald Trump was US President and later because of concerns around the Covid pandemic. At the start of 2018, then-President Mr Trump decided to cancel with exercises after he deemed them too expensive and "provocative" to North Korea. DON'T MISSFury erupts at EU 'dragging' continent into continent into conflict [COMMENTS]'Need to dust off plans' Horror nuclear war warning to UK [OPINION]EU nightmare: Member state turns back on bloc and begs RUSSIA for help [REPORT]  That move received a huge backlash when former national security adviser John Bolton criticised it as an unnecessary concession to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. In his book The Room Where It Happened, Mr Bolton wrote both he and secretary of state Mike Pompeo were left stunned by the decision from Mr Trump, which came following no consultation with his Cabinet. Prior to the cancellation of the drills, the US and South Korea had held strategic exercises every spring and summer. They consisted of live-fire drills involving a wide-range of land, air and sea assets and usually involved around 10,000 US and a huge 200,000 Korean troops. 