Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong has shown just how good he would be for Manchester United or Chelsea after he was labelled as world class by a fan who watched him turn defence into attack during his team’s pre-season thrashing of Mexican side Pumas UNAM on Sunday. The midfielder scored the final goal of the game as Barca ran out 6-0 winners. Following the match, a clip emerged on Twitter which showed De Jong receiving the ball from Jordi Alba just outside his own penalty area in the early stages of the second half, minutes after his introduction as a substitute. He spun his marker before driving forward and breezing past another opponent. After crossing the halfway line, the 25-year-old weaved a tantalising through ball to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang with the outside of his right foot. And Barca should have finished off the move as Aubameyang’s cross narrowly evaded two team-mates as they attempted to get on the end of it. De Jong’s pulchritudinous play left supporters gushing, with @SaraFCBi taking to Twitter to reveal exactly what she thought of the talented midfielder. “Frenkie de Jong is world class,” she wrote. “That’s the tweet.” Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest    She then posted a follow-up message. “I will ALWAYS maintain my opinion on him that he’s world class, and I’ll support him wherever he ends up,” she penned. “Really hope he reduces his salary so he can stay, Inshaa’Allah.” And other fans agreed. “This is why I can’t just be like ‘Frenkie out’ cause the man’s got talent and he’s got this fight in him to win a place on this star studded team,” replied @fcbboyforlife. And @gyae_g wrote: “The best midfielder in the world.” Meanwhile, @yungfuturekidd added: “That gives me Iniesta vibes.” De Jong joined Barcelona from Ajax three years ago and has held down a regular starting place under a succession of managers. But the Catalan giants appear intent on moving him on this summer as they look to raise valuable funds. Barca have already spent around £140million on Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde and Raphinha ahead of the new campaign and are under pressure to bring some money in in an attempt to balance the books. DON'T MISSSaliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exitsDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made   United had appeared to be the clear favourites to land De Jong at the beginning of the summer and had reportedly agreed a £71m fee with Barca to sign him. But the transfer stalled as Chelsea entered the fray. Chelsea are said to have put forward a £70m bid for the ace in recent days and give Barcelona Marcos Alonso in part-exchange for him. So De Jong could have a big decision on his hands if he is ultimately forced out of the Nou Camp. 