Six years ago Tom Wilson - son of the late sports correspondent Graham Wilson - was tragically killed in a freak hockey accident at the age of 22 but had signed the Organ Donor Register. That meant his heart went to grandfather Gordon Paw and part of his liver to Fatima Mirza, now 9, giving them both already more than six years of extra life. And finally the two grateful recipients met for the first time when handing over Tom’s baton at the opening ceremony of the Westfield Health British Transplant Games in Leeds last month. Tom’s proud mother, former PE teacher Lisa, 59, was also there to meet them for the extraordinary moment. Widow Lisa, from Hornchurch, Essex, said: “I invited them to the Games because I wanted us to meet here for the first time It’s great to have two recipients presenting Tom’s baton when he was so sporty. It was really special. “But it was incredibly emotional for me - to see them and realise that they have been alive six years longer because of Tom. It makes me very proud.” Lisa told how the three met up briefly in a very private moment ahead of the presentation – and Fatima leapt into Gordon’s arms. Later Gordon lifted Tom’s baton above his head, and everybody cheered. “It was just so phenomenal,” she said. “It’s the closest link I’ll have to Tom on this earth. I felt so proud and so pleased that we made that decision.” Lisa said her late husband Graham, 63, who died with a brain tumour and sepsis just eight weeks after his son, would also have been full of pride at the occasion. Trainee surveyor Tom died in December 2015 after being hit by a hockey stick during a routine training session at Old Loughtonian's Hockey Club in Chigwell, Essex. As he lay in intensive care his parents discovered he had signed the electronic organ donor register in his first week as a fresher’s student at Nottingham Trent University. His organs and tissue went onto help a staggering 50 people - and Lisa is a staunch support of the Daily Express campaign to boost donations. Meanwhile Gordon and Fatima were both talking part in the Games for the first time. Fatima, from London, competed in the obstacle race, cup stacking and swimming competition, while Gordon, from Newcastle, took part in the table tennis contest. Lisa, who also has a daughter Pippa, 27, added: “Gordon does play table tennis at home and I’m hoping this is the start of something for Fatima. She’ll make lots of new friends.” Fatima was at the event with her mum, Lubna while Gordon’s wife Pat joined him. Gordon, now 68,  said he wanted to thank Lisa and Pippa "from the bottom of my heart" for giving him this new lease of life through Tom. “There are not enough words to say thankyou,” he added. He said Tom was with him always and the connection between an organ donor and recipient was "special indeed." Lisa, Gordon and Fatima will all be together again later today (Sat) for the 3K Donor Walk. Tom’s baton was on display at the Westfield Health offices in Sheffield in the run up the Games. After the closing ceremony it was due to be handed over to the next host city, Coventry. 