The heatwave has hit the UK this summer, and warm weather is looking set to stay for most of August, so there's no better time to invest in a good fan. This one has multiple innovative features, including oscillation and modes for day and night. Amazon has launched a deal on this tower fan, which is great for providing a cooling breeze that helps you work or do household chores without overheating. Usually priced at £55.99, the HOMCOM tower fan is now at the discounted price of £41.99, so take advantage while stocks last. The stylish, modern design and white colour will fit into any home decor style, without taking centre stage. Plus, you will get value out of this fan year after year, once the weather starts warming up over the spring and summer months. The tall tower design combined with the oscillating function, gives an increased reach of cool air around the room, and the price really makes this fan an essential purchase for homeowners. Features:  Dimensions: 20 x 91.5cm Material: ABS Plastic  The three speeds mean the force of air is completely customisable to your needs, and the three modes give different levels of power depending on whether you are sleeping, relaxing or active.  The timer also allows you to save energy, as you can schedule the fan to come on and off at different times during the day or night, for example while you're asleep.  Assembly is required, however shoppers have mentioned that the fan is 'easy to assemble', making this a good option for a quick solution.  Buy: HOMCOM 36'' Freestanding Tower Fan (£41.99) Shoppers have been loving the fan during the heatwave so far, and many have praised the features the fan has to offer.  Heleng said: ''Powerful, sleek fan. So good bought it twice in different colours. Not as noisy as other fans that I’ve had in past and there is a quieter night mode.''  DG said: ''I really love that this fan comes with a remote control, very useful specially when I don't want to move out of bed.''  Carol Pickup also added: ''Easy to use and keeps you cool.''