The Capture has been missing for the past few years after season one went down a storm with viewers. It's now time to welcome the tech-focused BBC drama back for a second outing with a new victim at the centre of a national CCTV siege. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch The Capture. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Capture.  The Capture season one debuted in September 2019, receiving 92 percent on Rotten Tomatoes and an average audience of 7.7 million viewers. Fans have been waiting a long time for its return, and thankfully, it's almost time to welcome the drama back. The Capture is going to premiere over the bank holiday weekend, on Sunday, August 28, at 9pm on BBC One. Following in the footsteps of the first series, this second outing is going to be made up of six episodes. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on   A new episode will be released every week in the same timeslot on BBC One. This is going to be the case until the drama reaches its conclusion on Sunday, October 2. However, if you're desperate to find out how it ends just as it begins, then there is an alternative. Once the first episode is released, the entire six-episode boxset is going to be available to watch on the streaming service BBC iPlayer.   The Capture won't just be available to watch in the UK either. It has already been confirmed that the drama is going to be released in America as well. An official US release date hasn't been announced just yet, but The Capture will debut on the streaming service Peacock later in 2022. The BBC has released a synopsis, giving an indication of what fans can expect this time around. DON'T MISS...Vera bosses delivers disappointing update on new episodes [UPDATE]Line of Duty's Adrian Dunbar says real H will be exposed soon [SPOILER]Marriage's Nicola Walker pays touching tribute to co-star 'Finest man' [TRIBUTE]  The description reads: "Britain is under siege: hacked news feeds, manipulated media, and interference in politics. "Entrenched in the UK’s own ‘Correction’ unit, DCI Rachel Carey (Grainger) finds herself in the middle of a new conspiracy - with a new target. "But how can she solve this case when she can’t even trust her closest colleagues? "Escalating from the CCTV thriller of series one, the six-part run features 'invisible' assassins, the terrifying rise of deep fake technology, the ever-growing tension between government and Big Tech, and corruption at the heart of the British media."   Season one revolved around Lance Corporal Shaun Emery (played by Callum Turner) when he was accused of kidnap and murder. This time around, The Capture will focus on the story of Isaac Turner (Paapa Essiedu), a young rising politician whose ambitions to reach the top are damaged by the rise of deep fake technology. Fans will recognise Essiedu from The Lazarus Project on Sky, and I May Destroy You on BBC One. The Capture season 2 premieres on Sunday, August 28, at 9pm on BBC One. 