Manchester United summer signing Lisandro Martinez has been brutally mocked for his first-half display in Brentford's demolition on Saturday evening. United were aiming to put their opening-day defeat against Brighton behind them in travelling down to Brentford on Saturday.  Erik ten Hag opted to make just one change from the team which started that match with Cristiano Ronaldo replacing Scott McTominay. That meant the United boss went with Fred and Christian Eriksen playing in the deeper midfield positions behind Bruno Fernandes. Martinez was chosen to start alongside Harry Maguire once again with Raphael Varane having to make do with a place on the bench. But Gary Neville pointed out before the game that Martinez may be prone to being targeted by Brentford due to their superior size. Martinez is the shortest centre-back in the Premier League, standing at just five-foot-nine. Brentford striker Ivan Toney stands well over six foot and it was clear from the off that the hosts were going to try and expose the United defender.  It didn't take long for United to capitulate though with David de Gea guilty of two costly errors. But Brentford weren't finished and scored a third midway through the first half when Bryan Mbeumo's corner wasn't cleared by United. Martinez found himself in a mismatch with Ben Mee at the backpost, who bundled in from just a yard out as the United defender fell to the floor. Mbeumo then added a fourth minutes later as United's entire starting line-up dropped their heads. Neville and Jamie Redknapp took aim at all of United's players from their first-half display, but it was Martinez who began trending for all the wrong reasons among fans watching.  @davantarl tweeted: "People believing that Lisandro Martinez would be successful as a CB in a back four is an example of an entire fanbase going stark raving mad. Absolute lunacy." @MarceloFA13 wrote: "Lisandro Martínez is horrible, with that size in the Premier he cannot play." @daphekim simply said: "Lisandro martinez is a joke." @TheReal_Stuart posted: "Watching Ben mee vs Lisandro Martinez was so laughable."