Chelsea have internally discussed a move for Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha however Todd Boehly’s top priority remains Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel is keen to be reunited with the Gabon captain who he previously coached at Borussia Dortmund - but has encouraged his club to consider other options in case the move falls through. It is no secret that Chelsea would like to add to their attacking options with the club struggling to score from open play in the early weeks of the season. While Raheem Sterling opened his account in the 2-1 victory over Leicester, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz have been off form with the club appearing to lack an out and out No 9. The west London side have been heavily linked with a move for former Arsenal captain Aubameyang after the 33-year-old fell down the pecking order at Barcelona following the signing of Robert Lewandowski. The Catalan giants are reportedly open to selling the Gabonese forward for around £25million, something Chelsea have so far been reluctant to meet. The club recently failed with an offer of £16.9m plus left-back Marcos Alonso and are yet to return with an alternative proposal. READ MORE: 'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to caution Now, the Guardian’s Ed Aarons has reported that the Blues have discussed the possibility of signing Palace icon Zaha. Aubameyang remains Boehly’s first priority but the Ivorian could become an alternative option should they deem Barca’s asking price to be too high. While the 29-year-old started out as a winger he has often filled the No 9 role for Palace making him an enticing possibility for the Stamford Bridge side. Zaha is into the final 12 months of his contract at the Eagles who therefore may be more open to letting the player go. However, they are still likely to demand a high fee given how integral he is to the team. He has scored 85 goals in 433 appearances for the club across two spells spanning an eleven-year period. He has been on top form this calendar year, with only Tottenham stars Son Heung-Min and Harry Kane have scored more goals in the Premier League. DON'T MISS...'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to cautionLiverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to UnitedLiverpool might find fix to midfield problems in 'next Luka Modric' Given the short space of time left in the window it is likely any deal for the former Manchester United man will be complex with Palace lacking the hours to source a suitable replacement. It remains to be seen whether or not Chelsea will manage to seal a deal for the new forward that Tuchel craves. It looks set to be a busy few days at Stamford Bridge before the window slams shut at midnight on Thursday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here