As well as being an essential plant for adding fragrance to the garden, lavender has long been prized for its therapeutic and culinary properties. It’s also loved by pollinators, particularly bees and butterflies. Learning how to grow lavender from cuttings and seeds is not difficult. However, if not properly pruned, the plant will become woody and unattractive after a couple of years, requiring replacement. But first gardeners will need to know when to plant lavender to get it off to the best possible start. Many gardeners are overly cautious when pruning lavender, as they worry about cutting too far into the stems, which can harm the plant. However, knowing how to prune lavender the right way will prevent this from happening. Gardening expert Leigh Clapp explained: “Don’t be afraid to prune lavender – the plants can become leggy and woody very quickly, and effective pruning will prolong their lives.” Here is a simple step-by-step guide, and your plants will flourish for years to come. Gardeners may have heard different opinions about when to prune lavender, and how often to do it. READ MORE: How to water your garden plants during a heatwave - ‘key’ tip The expert recommends tackling the task in two stages; "trim after flowering, then prune in the spring," she said. Don’t prune lavender too hard after summer ends, or the plant may struggle to survive the onset of colder weather. The experts at The Royal Horticultural Society recommends pruning them in late summer - so it’s not too late. They explained: “Left to their own devices, lavender can become woody and ungainly, so to keep plants compact and attractive, it’s best to trim them annually in late summer, just after flowering has finished." DON'T MISS: ‘Effective’ 99p method to naturally repel mice from homes [EXPERT]Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [INSIGHT]Bank of England interest rates 2022: Why you should remortgage 'now' [COMMENT] If gardeners forget to prune their lavender during the summer, then it’s best to wait until the following spring, especially for less hardy French, Spanish and Italian lavenders. Lavender plants will establish quickly, so from their second year gardeners will need to follow a simple – but thorough – pruning regime to keep them in shape. Start by giving the plant a good trim in the summer. Prune plants by about a third into the foliage to maintain their attractive domed habit when in flower. To do this, grab handfuls of the stems and, using clean, sharp secateurs, snip them off. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Critical factor’ to avoid peace lily leaves ‘yellowing’ Master grower Simon Charlesworth, of Downderry Lavender said: “Stems at this level are about drinking straw thickness and regenerate well if there are plenty of small nodules or shoots below the cut. “By the time they go dormant in the fall the lavenders should have re-clothed themselves with fresh young shoots that will harden off before the vagaries of the winter weather.” Try to maintain a good rounded shape to the plant, but do not cut too close to the woody base of the stems, or the plant might struggle to overwinter. Follow up with a harder prune in the spring. When lavender is a few years old, it can develop long, “woody” stems that look unsightly. However, for those who know how to prune lavender like the experts, then they should be able to rejuvenate the plants. Judith Hann, author of Herbs, explained: “The normal advice is to replace plants when they become leggy, usually after three to five years. But I avoid having to do this by cutting right back into the wood. “I have not lost a lavender plant yet in the 20 years they have been growing in my garden.” Though usually avoided, cutting lavender into the old wood can be a good way to renovate them. The trick is to make sure you can still see some signs of life in the form of growth nodes below the cutting point. If you cut beyond this, the stems are unlikely to recover, so examine them closely.