Andy Cluderay and Dan Needham entered the den in 2015 looking for £150,000 in return for 10 percent of Approved Foods Limited. Approved Foods is an online shopping business that sells discounted items that are past their best before date aimed at savvy shoppers and busy parents. The Dragons said they could not invest in their product because of little “confidence” in the future of the website - not believing the pair could make “huge profits”. Leaving the den with no investment made the duo work even harder to keep their business afloat. The pair explained to the Dragons that they still planned to lose £100,000 due to guaranteed loans they have taken out to support the business. Dan mentioned that he would have to remortgage his home to guarantee these loans. READ MORE: Pension savers warned of 'major threat' that could increase tax to 55% - how to avoid loss “For me as an investment, it’s just the wrong time. Good luck.” Approved Food entered a series of fundraising events after leaving the Den. In Sir Richard Branson’s 2015 Pitch to Rich contest, the pair raised £400,000 and finished second. They also won £100,000 in a marketing campaign, further boosting their roster of success. READ MORE: Britons urged to consider option which 'maximises' savings as interest rates increase In 2015 they hit £4million turnover and over 3,000 orders per week in the same year. Approved Food has also been featured on primetime ITV and has upgraded to a 60,000 square-foot warehouse. They have been able to expand and roll out sister websites specialising in pet products, sweets, and natural foods. Approved Foods was created in 2009. This is when they launched their website.  In the beginning profits had been “fairly slow” due to learning curves, however they predicted that they would make five million sales when speaking to the Dragons with a “small loss” of £100,000 due to moving premises. They needed the investment to increase their marketing activity, recruit further staff, and facilitate a move to a new premises. Even though, there was “so much to like” about the pitch, Duncan Bannatyne and Deborah Meaden said they could not invest. Duncan said: “I can’t see you making a huge profit and that’s what it is - a break-even business, it gives you a wage, so I’m out.” Deborah said: “You take risks, you are braver than me. “It’s such a shame because there is so much I like about it but it’s the whole margin and the net profits issues. I’m out.”