The Prime Minister indicated his successor will provide more support amid warnings that people could die this winter due to skyrocketing energy prices. Liz Truss, the favourite to replace Mr Johnson, said she will take “immediate” action to deal with the crisis. Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi has suggested people should cut back on their usage. It comes after Ofgem confirmed an 80 percent rise in the price cap - sending the average household's yearly bill from £1,971 to £3,549 from October 1. The cap announcement will come into effect for around 24 million households in England, Scotland and Wales on default energy tariffs and will remain in place until December 31, when it is likely to be hiked again. The 4.5million pre-payment meter customers across Britain, who are often the most vulnerable and already in fuel poverty, will see an even more punishing increase - with their average annual bill set to go up to £3,608. And things could get even worse next year, with experts at consultancy Auxilione using latest gas prices to predict that the cap will rise by another 52 percent to £5,405 in January 2023, then by a further 34 percent to £7,263 in April - before falling slightly, by 11 percent to £6,485 in July and by another 7 percent to £6,006 in October. Following the announcement, Mr Johnson said: "Of course we could see this coming, that's why we put the steps in place that we already have. "Although there will be more announcements coming next month, you shouldn't forget the pipeline of cash stretching out throughout the autumn." He said that eight million people at most risk will receive an additional £650, while in November pensioners will be given £300 and £150 of support is already on the way for people entitled to disability benefits. He added: "There's a pipeline of cash coming through the next few months, but that's clearly going to be augmented by extra cash that the government is plainly going to be announcing in September."  Energy regulator Ofgem’s increase is £800 more than the forecast figure that was provided to then-chancellor Rishi Sunak in May. Mr Zahawi admitted that the soaring energy price cap will cause "stress and anxiety for many people", adding: "The reality is that we should all look at our energy consumption." Despite financial help on its way, there are mounting demands for the government to act much faster. Ms Truss or Mr Sunak will be announced as Prime Minister on 5 September. The Foreign Secretary has promised to hold an emergency budget within days of entering Downing Street. A spokesman for the Truss campaign said: “Today’s announcement will cause grave concern to many people across the UK who will be worried about paying their bills. “As Prime Minister, Liz would ensure people get the support needed to get through these tough times. “She will immediately take action to put more money back in people’s pockets by cutting taxes and suspending green energy tariffs. “Liz will work flat out to deliver long-term energy affordability and security, unleashing more energy by maximising our North Sea oil and gas production - helping keep bills down in the future.” Sir Keir Starmer accused the government of being "missing in action" and said it is "unforgivable" that no further intervention has been made by ministers to help households amid the cost of living crisis.  Labour has set out a £29 billion plan to stop energy bills rising over winter, funded in part by an extension of the windfall tax on the bumper profits of oil and gas companies. "What we’ve got is a fully costed, comprehensive plan for this winter, which will freeze those prices, that is welcome news for so many people worried sick today," the Labour leader said. "That is a fully costed plan. We haven’t got that from the government or anybody else." Campaigners have warned the UK is in the grip of a national emergency with poorer families facing a “vicious hunger trap”. Ofgem's chief executive Jonathan Brearley warned of the hardship energy prices will cause this winter and urged the incoming prime minister and new Cabinet “to provide an additional and urgent response to continued surging energy prices”. He also said that the gas price this winter was 15 times more than the cost two years ago. MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis said: “We are facing a financial pit of doom this winter. “Unless on the day the new prime minister gets into office we hear substantial help – and the mechanism doesn’t matter, just more money needs to be given to people on benefits, people on pensions and lower and middle-income workers – then we will see physical and health risks that will manifest and people will die this winter.” Andrew Forsey, national director of anti-hunger charity Feeding Britain, said: “Unless significant additional help is offered by the new prime minister, these eye-watering prices will spring a vicious hunger trap; leaving millions of families unable to afford heating or eating.”  The elderly will be hit particularly hard. Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, said: “Millions of pensioners will now be coming to terms with the reality of what it means for them - the prospect of trying somehow to get through the autumn and winter with prices soaring and yet with very little flex in their fixed incomes. “It's a truly frightening prospect and one that most could not have prepared for, and never expected to face at this point in their lives. I think a lot of older people will be utterly bewildered that it has come to this and will also feel badly let down, and I can't say I blame them.” “The new Prime Minister must make their first act providing additional support for the millions of households in our country whom rising inflation is set to overwhelm, among them many pensioners.” Dennis Reed, Director of over 60s campaign group Silver Voices, said: “This is the opposite of a cap, it is a price explosion. The Government is letting energy prices rip with little regard for the savage cuts in living standards which will result. “Millions of older people will be trembling with anxiety as they know that they will be unable to pay their energy bills and still have enough left to buy food for the week.”  The elderly will be hit particularly hard. Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, said: “Millions of pensioners will now be coming to terms with the reality of what it means for them - the prospect of trying somehow to get through the autumn and winter with prices soaring and yet with very little flex in their fixed incomes. “It's a truly frightening prospect and one that most could not have prepared for, and never expected to face at this point in their lives. I think a lot of older people will be utterly bewildered that it has come to this and will also feel badly let down, and I can't say I blame them.” “The new Prime Minister must make their first act providing additional support for the millions of households in our country whom rising inflation is set to overwhelm, among them many pensioners.” Dennis Reed, Director of over 60s campaign group Silver Voices, said: “This is the opposite of a cap, it is a price explosion. The Government is letting energy prices rip with little regard for the savage cuts in living standards which will result. “Millions of older people will be trembling with anxiety as they know that they will be unable to pay their energy bills and still have enough left to buy food for the week.”  Dawn White, 59, lives with renal failure and relies on her haemodialysis machine to survive, writes Lucy Marks. She spends four hours nearly every day lying on a bed beside the dialysis machine in a purpose-built cabin in the garden of her home in Canvey, Essex. She’s worried about the growing energy costs of running her machine, which she says is needed “five times a week, 20 hours” or she will die. Dawn says she and her husband of 36 years, Paul, who is Dawn’s full-time carer, have run out of ways to save money on energy costs around their home and are worried about the winter. “When we first started asking for assistance, I was at £24 a month we are now at £200. Its a big jump. “And every time they put the prices up although I can reduce what (energy) we use in the house, to almost nothing, I cannot adjust what this (dialysis machine) uses. This is standard. This is it. There is no way of saving on this.” Dawn fears she may soon be forced to return to hospital to have her treatment as she waits for a kidney transplant. “I’m very anxious about the winter,” said White, as tubes pumped blood in and out of her arm, filtering through the dialysis machine. “We don’t have a lot of money coming in and I would have to make that decision about going back into the hospital to be able to pay for the house bills.” The couple’s income is limited to a carers allowance and government disability payments, and she estimates the cost of running the dialysis machine is 200 pounds a month, at current prices, which does not include energy use elsewhere in their home. They have cut back on energy use and are preparing to reduce the use of their central heating to try to save money. “We can’t do any more than we have done I’m afraid,” 61-year-old Paul said. “We could wash up by hand if it comes to it, but then you’ve still got the expenditure of the gas boiler.” If the couple cannot keep up with the higher bills, Dawn will have to receive treatment at the local hospital, which only has capacity to treat her for 12 hours a week. She said that would leave her feeling less well, reduce her independence and potentially make her less viable for a potentially life-changing transplant should her condition deteriorate. “Costs are going up this week and they’re going to go up again soon, and unless this is sorted out, it becomes a crisis,” Kidney Care UK policy director Fiona Loud said. The government has promised action to help those facing the predicament, saying on Monday that about six million disabled people in Britain would receive a one-off 150 pound Cost of Living payment next month on top of other financial help with rising energy bills. Loud explained that the state-funded National Health Service hospital trusts should be reimbursing patients for the cost of their treatment, but that many people, like Dawn, have not yet received any funds. “People can’t wait three months to be paid back while it runs through the finance department. It needs to be now,” Loud said.   Debt charities warned that cancelling direct debit payments and refusing to pay energy bills could put people at risk of debt or poor credit ratings, writes Giles Sheldrick. They advise customers to contact their supplier for help and advice and to find the best long-term repayment plan. If a repayment plan is not agreed, companies could force customers to have a prepayment meter installed. In rare cases, if bills have not been paid after 28 days, suppliers could threaten disconnection. Companies can’t disconnect those of pensionable age between October 1 and March 31 if someone lives alone or lives with other people who have reached State Pension age, or children under 18. 