Prince Harry, a son so clearly wounded by the harrowing loss of his mother, is certainly unequivocal on the matter. Through the prism of his grief, there can only be one culprit: the paparazzi. Insatiable in their appetite for stories about his mother, Diana's younger son believes she was, in his words "chased to her death". However, others take a different view. Namely the conspiracy theorists who for a quarter of a century have lurked in the margins of this tragic story. Colluding over the entrails of this modern-day tragedy, they plot and scheme to prove that the car crash which killed Diana, along with lover Dodi Fayed and chauffeur Henri Paul, was deliberate. The result of a plot to remove the Princess for reasons that are as varied as they are rooted in spin and sensationalism. This week Diana: Death in Paris aired on Channel 4 exploring the tragic death of the Princess of Wales and the joint investigation between British and French authorities that followed. An attempt, then, to untangle the myriad of conspiracy theories – many of which emanate from those too young to even remember that shocking 1997 August night. Even as recently as 2013, a YouGov poll found that 38 percent of people in the UK still thought Diana’s death was not an accident. Even though an investigation by the Metropolitan Police concluded in 2008 that such theories were unfounded – the deaths were the result of a tragic accident and nothing more. Meanwhile, in the world of the conspiracy theorist, every straw is grasped:  security services, MPs, the IRA, even Prince Phillip have all, according to internet chatrooms and social media platforms, been suggested as responsible for giving orders to eliminate the princess. But then Diana herself had been prescient in the matter of her demise. In 1995, two years before her death,  the Princess told her lawyer Lord Mishcon that she believed she would be a target of “some accident in her car, such as a pre-prepared brake failure” (As a curious sidebar although Mishcon handed his contemporaneous typed account of the meeting to the Metropolitan Police it was six years before the note was handed over by Scotland Yard chiefs.)Meanwhile, nothing has ever been proved, and no credible evidence to support allegations of conspiracy to murder has emerged. That`s why surely, we must see the 25th anniversary of her death as a watershed moment, a time to pay the Princess of Wales the ultimate tribute. By letting the theories, collusion, intrigue, treachery and sedition go. Instead we must settle on the brutal facts which offer the simplest and most credible explanation: that she died from the injuries she suffered in a car crash in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel in Paris - because her driver was speeding, drunk and the Princess wasn`t wearing a seatbelt. Liberated from conspiracy theories we can focus on how she lived, rather than shady theories about how she died.This tragic young woman was, after all, the mother of our future king – himself now showing the importance of the "Diana touch". A new breed of royal, she never shrank from meeting society's forgotten – be it the homeless, or those stricken by war or AIDS. All of which was balanced by a beauty preserved in the aspic of Vogue photo shoots and a level of fame which made the Kardashians look like entry-level amateurs.Earl Spencer described his sister at her funeral  as “the unique, the complex, the extraordinary and irreplaceable Diana whose beauty, both internal and external will never be extinguished from our minds."In remembering her life, let's give no more oxygen to the vacuous conspiracy theorists. After all, those who devote their days to questioning her death simply reveal meaninglessness in their own gift of life.