Prince William and Kate are proud parents to Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The family-of-five are set to move to Windsor next month, with the couple eager to give their children as "normal" of a childhood as possible. According to royal expert Charles Rae, the Cambridges are following in the footsteps of Prince William's late mother, Princess Diana. Speaking of the Cambridge children's new school, Mr Rae said: "Well, it's a normal school, a fee-paying school. "It's not [one that] everyone else has got to go." He added: "I mean, they're following the tradition that, you know, Diana set, as well, for William and Harry. "She tried very hard, and succeeded in my view, to give them as normal a life as possible." READ MORE: Meghan opens up on Archie's near-death experience as fire ravaged baby's room at nursery He added that Diana introduced William and Harry to things like "McDonalds, visits to cinemas, and theme parks". "The same as normal parents will do," Mr Rae added. Royal biographer Andrew Morton also previously said Diana introduced her two sons to charity work. Speaking on the Channel 5 documentary 'Diana: Queen of Hearts?', Mr Morton said the Princess of Wales started taking William and Harry with her on her private charity visits from a young age. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'didn't feel the negative connotation' for 'ambition' until she dated Harry He said: "One of the reasons was she didn't want the boys to grow up thinking the whole world was 4x4 Range Rovers, shotguns and nannies." Prince William was a 15-year-old when his mother passed away in 1997, following a car crash in Paris. His younger brother Harry was just 12. DON'T MISS William and Kate became parents in 2013, two years after their wedding day, to their first son Prince George. Their only daughter, Princess Charlotte, was born in May 2015. Their third child, and second son, Prince Louis was born in 2018. August 31, 2022 will mark 25 years since the death of Princess Diana. READ NEXT: