House of the Dragon premiered last week and wasn’t without its references to Game of Thrones. In episode 1, King Viserys I Targaryen shared Aegon the Conqueror's prophetic dream of the events of A Song of Ice and Fire that weren’t to occur for almost 300 years from his original time. And it's this canon retcon that's proven controversial among fans. This means that 100 years prior to the events of House of the Dragon, Aegon the Conqueror’s reason for conquering Westeros was his "Song of Ice and Fire" dream of The Others aka the White Walkers. This is a far cry from the OG Targaryen King simply being “badass with dragons” as originally assumed. A popular new post on the ASOIAF Reddit argues that if fans had a problem with that new bit of canon, they should prepare to be disappointed further by George RR Martin’s upcoming The Winds of Winter novel. Reddit user therealgrogu2020 argued: “I can assure you: if this troubled you TWoW will be much worse.” The fan said: “This was just one reveal. TWoW will have many more. And not just on things [where] people prefer one version. Many act as if some theories on mysteries that haven‘t been answered yet are canon. I believe it‘s safe to assume that R+L=J is correct (the evidence from the books is pretty convincing but the show should have removed all doubt). But there are countless theories that are not necessarily true.” READ MORE: Cancelled Game of Thrones prequel: When $30 million pilot was set They continued: “One of the biggest example[s] is the identity of fAegon. And by using this name alone I have already done what we shouldn‘t do: act as if we already know the answer. Using the term fArya is ok since we know that this is actually Jeyne Pool and not Arya. But we don‘t know the identity of Young Griff. He could be Rhaegar['s] actual son. He could be Illyrio['s] son, he could be a Blackfyre, he could be both. George talked about the problem with the name fAegon in his recent interview with History of Westeros: ‘And it does indicate that they already made their decision.’- GRRM.” They added: “If people go into Winds being absolutely sure that Jojen was eaten by Bran, Tyrek Lannister and Dolorous Edd are horses (ok this is pretty likely) or that they know the answer to Young Griff['s] identity or who wrote the Pink Letter they will get disappointed. We should theorize but we should always have in mind that despite over a decade for us to speculate on TWoW it‘s still GRRM['s] world and we can‘t predict everything and have to expect that TWoW will have some reveals that will debunk some theories. Otherwise we won‘t be able to fully enjoy TWoW when we finally get it (as a sweet summer child I still have hope).” SOURCE: REDDIT