Erik ten Hag risks losing the Manchester United dressing room if he bows down to Cristiano Ronaldo and the pressure to select him, according to Garth Crooks. Ronaldo is slowly returning to full fitness, and his presence will continue to loom large if he fails to engineer a move away from Old Trafford this summer. The 37-year-old striker only managed 45 minutes of action in pre-season and came off the bench in the second half of United's 2-1 defeat by Brighton & Hove Albion on Sunday. Anthony Martial was set to enter the season as Ten Hag's first-choice striker before suffering a hamstring injury last week. There have been significant reservations over whether Ten Hag's style of play would flourish at United with Ronaldo in the side, given his inability to press high for the duration of a game. But he could start against Brentford on Saturday if Martial hasn't recovered in time and would demand a starting berth if he characteristically starts firing. But Crooks believes Ten Hag risks losing the dressing room if he risks moving away from his philosophy to accommodate Ronaldo this season. He has urged United to part ways with the Portuguese icon if a suitable offer arrives, despite the commercial value he offers the club. JUST IN: Arnautovic 'may make Man Utd transfer request' as ace 'extremely keen'  He told BBC Sport: "United want to retain Ronaldo's worldwide commercial value, but that might come at a price the club simply can't afford. Let's be clear. You cannot build a team around a 37-year-old, no matter how good he is on occasions. "With Champions League football already off the table, all that United can offer the five-time Ballon d'Or winner is automatic selection if the player is fit to play. Should Erik ten Hag concede to such demands and put commercialism before team selection, he will lose the dressing room in a nanosecond. That's why United must cut Ronaldo loose now." READ MORE: Lloris reveals Tottenham season 'target' as Spurs prepare for Chelsea  Ronaldo looks destined to remain at United beyond the summer transfer window amid the club's desire to keep him and a lack of concrete interest in his services. Jorge Mendes has offered him to Atletico Madrid, Bayern Munich and Chelsea, among others, in a bid to continue his Champions League legacy this term. However, European heavyweights have distanced themselves, and Ronaldo rejected a move to Saudi Arabia worth over £200million across two years. But if he is at the Red Devils to stay, Ten Hag could face a dilemma as he looks to maintain the support of his new squad. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt