Manchester United's hopes of securing a move for Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot were boosted by fellow target Cody Gakpo and PSV Eindhoven on Tuesday, with the Dutch outfit securing a crucial victory over Monaco to move closer to booking a spot in this season's Champions League group stages. The Red Devils have been linked with both players over the course of this summer, with Rabiot said to be a key target for Erik ten Hag in midfield and Gakpo having made a name for himself as one of Europe's most exciting young talents over the last few years. United's pursuit of Rabiot is said to have intensified since Erik Ten Hag reportedly conceded defeat in his efforts to land Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, who is believed to be adamant that he will not be leaving the Nou Camp before the transfer window closes. It seems as though the likelihood of a successful move for Rabiot may have been significantly aided by the result of Tuesday's crunch encounter between PSV and Monaco, with the Dutch outfit claiming the spoils after extra-time to edge towards a place in Europe's premier club competition this season. The outcome saw Monaco spurn their chance to progress to the group stages of the Champions League and they will instead be forced to settle for a Europa League spot, which could spell good news for Ten Hag and United in terms of a move for Rabiot. Monaco have also been credited with a strong recent interest in snapping up the 27-year-old, who is widely expected to leave Juventus in the near future despite being tied down to the club for another year. The player's mother and agent, Veronique, had been speaking to United's hierarchy regarding personal terms over the last few days but was reportedly waiting to find out the result of tonight's match before committing to further discussions over her son's future. A win for Monaco would have allowed them to promise Rabiot the opportunity to play Champions League football, but they had no such luck on Tuesday night and will be kicking it with United in the Europa League over the course of the campaign. JUST IN: Man Utd 'offered Morata' in latest transfer twist to engulf Red Devils Monaco's failure to beat PSV, therefore, could ultimately see talks resume between Rabiot's camp and United as his two main suitors are now on an equal footing in this regard. A transfer fee has already been settled upon between United and Juventus but it remains to be seen whether a deal can eventually be finalised between now and the end of the summer window. Although United may have a better chance of landing Rabiot after Tuesday's match, their hopes of securing Gakpo's services could potentially be fading fast after PSV's latest victory. The 23-year-old forward has been linked with the Red Devils and a handful of other clubs for some time and is thought to be keenly admired by Ten Hag, who knows him well from his time in the Eredivisie while in charge of Ajax. However, PSV could offer Gakpo the stage to flaunt his talents in the Champions League if they manage to beat Rangers in their next two-legged playoff, which is something that United will be helplessly unable to match this summer. A move to Old Trafford is unlikely to be entirely out of the question until the window finally closes, but it appears as though United may be at an immediate disadvantage when it comes to prying Gakpo away from PSV over the coming weeks. The Red Devils have endured a turbulent time of things in the market to date, with Lisandro Martinez, Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen their only new arrivals of the entire summer window as things stand. Ten Hag will now be desperate to address the club's midfield issues by rubber-stamping a move for Rabiot as a matter of priority, but the Dutchman will seemingly need to look away from Gakpo in his attempts to strengthen his ranks at the top of the pitch before the start of next month. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.