Robin Stanton-Gleaves appeared on Good Morning Britain to set the record straight about Jack's death. The 22-year-old was killed last month when he was struck by the helicopter's rotor blade shortly after landing on the outskirts of Athens. It was widely reported that Jack was trying to take a selfie when the tragedy struck. However, in a new interview, Robin explained that's not what happened at all. As he tried to explain what really happened on that day, Richard told the guest to "get to the point" as they were running short of time. "That's why I want you to tell it because we're a little bit short of time," Richard interrupted. "So can you get to that story then? What is it that your son told you?" READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe "Well, Jack, very simply, you know...the helicopter landed, the rotors were still going, and the boys' doors opened and the boys walked off the helicopter," Robin explained. "Escorted off?" Richard asked before the guest corrected: "No, they were not. That's what the Greeks say." The host interrupted: "You're saying that they weren't escorted, they made their own way to the..." "They didn't get to the lounge," Robin replied. "They stepped off the helicopter.   "My son turned, heard a sound and turned, then witnessed what he witnessed." However, fans were left outraged by Richard's comment, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Heather Kirkbride said: "Richard Madeley can't believe you just said head to head to the man who you're interviewing about his son's friend who sadly died last month in a helicopter accident - totally inappropriate due to the nature of how he died." Poppy fumed: "#GMB oh sod off Richard Madeley. You’re rushing him in the most incompassionate way. Just say you’re sorry & that they don’t have much time. Not GET TO THE STORY!" DON'T MISS...'Shame on BBC!' Radio 2 listeners 'appalled' by Paul O'Grady departure [REACTION]Richard Madeley announces break from Good Morning Britain [VIDEO]Countryfile slammed by viewers over format shake-up 'Woke nonsense' [INSIGHT] While Kaz added: "Omg Madeley talking to the friend of Jack Fenton might as well have just said ‘GET TO THE POINT’ he’s so rude." (sic) "#gmb's Richard Madeley interview techniques are so uncomfortable to watch. give that man some respect - telling him 'get to that story, we are a bit short of time' is very insensitive," Ella raged. User @Kellsley tweeted: "Richard Madeley is so rude to give the poor man some respect - he has just lost his son!" (sic) Helen Reid went on to say: "Someone tell Richard Madeley to show this poor guy some respect."  Jack's sister, Daisy, also hit back at claims in a recent interview. Despite not being on the flight herself, Daisy said she goes by the account of what happened from Jack's friends. Daisy said: “No one knows exactly what led him back. Perhaps he forgot something. “But the line that he went back to take a selfie is rubbish. It’s a lie.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 