In the UK, people need to have a TV Licence if they would like to watch programming as it is being broadcast live or live-streamed content such as BBC iPlayer. However, with the rise in streaming and subscription services people may actually not need to pay it anymore and could be entitled to a full refund. Britons will need to apply for the refund before its expiration date.    In order to do this, they will need to have at least one month remaining on their current TV Licence plan. People will also be able to apply to be reimbursed if a licence has expired less than two years ago. Britons can also apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date they no longer need the TV Licence. Refund forms can be found online through the TV Licensing website, which has a clear step-by-step guide for anyone worried about filling in the application. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rates across savings products up to 3.4% - 'Get the best deal!'    The application will ask for the name on the TV Licence, the licence number, address and postcode. People will also need to include the date from when the licence is no longer needed. On the TV Licensing website, it states: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically." The site does also contain guidance to help those struggling with the application forms. Britons do not need to work out their own refund as the TV License website states that it is “quite complicated”. TV Licence states: “We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.” It then states that it “aims to process and issue the refund within 21 days of receiving the application".   If ineligible for a refund, a viewer can still terminate their licence online via the website. Anyone moving house is told to simply shift their licence to their new address, and not to request any refund. Britons do not need a TV Licence if they are watching things on catch-up that are not being shown live, although it is needed for watching BBC iPlayer. If someone is only watching catch-up programmes or boxsets on ITV Hub, All 4, Amazon Prime Video, Now TV, and Sky Go then they also will not need a licence. A person will also not need a TV Licence if they are watching something on Netflix, DisneyPlus, Britbox or Youtube. However, with Amazon Prime, people will need to pay the licence fee if they are watching a live broadcast of a sport. If someone cancels their TV Licence but were found to have been watching live TV then they could possibly face a fine of up to £1,000.   