The holidaymaker said they "needed" someone to put them up in a spare room, cook breakfast and dinner and drive them around London for seven days. Posting on Reddit, they said they'd pay the homeowner £50 for the services, but locals reminded them London is "a ridiculously expensive" city. The post reads: "I posted a few days ago inquiring about someone hosting me for the week. I'm leaving tomorrow for London and I NEED someone to offer me a spare room in their home ASAP. "Home-cooked breakfast and dinner included and you MUST have a car and be able to drive me around the city. I'm able to pay 50 pounds for the week. Please message me with details." But, as My London reports, the tourist was blasted for the cheeky requests. One Londoner joked: "Hey I’d be happy to help. I have a spacious flat in zone one with lovely views and a sunny balcony. I’m also happy to drive you around - you have a choice of two different sports cars. Sadly I’m not much of a cook but I have a Deliveroo premium subscription. "£50 an hour sounds fair (I think there’s a typo in your ad), so that will be £8,400 for the week. Half payable in advance (non refundable), and the other half on arrival. "With current fuel prices I am going to have to charge petrol on top of this. This depends on how far you want to go, but you should assume £1.87 a litre and about ten miles per imperial gallon."  Another Reddit user wrote: "Add an extra two zeros and I'll think about it." A third said "For £50 I can get you a budget tent, point you to a secluded corner under a bridge in an industrial area to set it up in, get you a week's worth of Tesco meal deals to stop you from completely starving and point you to the Boris bikes so you can get around." A third fumed: "They want a bed, in someone’s house, in the centre of a ridiculously expensive city with catering and a personal chauffeur? FOR FIFTY QUID A WEEK. This s*** should cost £500 a day." Reddit is a news aggregation, and discussion website, founded in 2005, on which internet users converse with others about current affairs and social problems.