Charles is said to have told Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie there was "no chance" the Duke of York's ban would be lifted. Beatrice, 34, and Eugenie, 32, are believed to have met Charles for a summit over tea and biscuits at his home on the Birkhall Estate in Aberdeenshire. Days before that encounter, Andrew, 62, had vainly renewed his appeal to his older brother at a "business meeting", it is said. An insider commented: "Andrew desperately wants and needs something to do with his life. "His family are close so it's natural that Beatrice and Eugenie want to get involved. "They were only looking out for their father. "But there will be no return to royal duties for Prince Andrew." The Queen stripped the duke of his royal roles and the use of the HRH title after he became embroiled in the scandal involving paedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Andrew has consistently denied any wrongdoing. Earlier this year, he reached a multi-million-pound settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre, 39, who accused him in a civil case of sexually assaulting her when she was 17. The prince vehemently rejected her allegations dating from 2001, and the out-of-court settlement in New York in February did not mean he accepted liability. It is believed Andrew had hoped to recover some of his official status once the furore over the settlement had passed. In June, he asked to be reinstated as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards and to be allowed to take part in major royal events once more. In the same month Charles, 73, and Prince William, 40, are said to have stepped in to ensure he was kept out of the public aspects of the Order of the Garter ceremony at Windsor. Buckingham Palace of York's spokesman declined to comment. Following months of negative publicity over his association with Epstein, Andrew had stepped back from royal duties in May 2020. His honorary military titles and patronages were "returned" to the Queen last January. Epstein, 66, hanged himself in his prison cell at Metropolitan Correctional Center, New York, in August 2019 while facing sex trafficking charges. In 2008, the billionaire was jailed for 18 months in Florida after he admitted procuring a girl under 18 for prostitution.