The temperatures across the country are set to soar once again. The Met Office has already warned motorists that Britain could get hotter than Mexico in certain places in the next few days. With that in mind, drivers are being reminded of the useful but little-known air con button that could slash fuel consumption. By pressing the secret button drivers can save a considerable amount of money on fuel. The RAC said that using air con, especially during a heatwave, can increase a car’s fuel consumption. The experts added that drivers should not use the air con unless they “really have to”. This is because it uses plenty of engine power during the heat. READ MORE: Drivers urged not to use popular air con fuel-saving trick However, with temperatures expected to soar above 30 degrees this weekend, motorists across the country will very likely need the ventilation system. Thankfully, there is a way to use the air con and reduce fuel consumption at the same time. Air con systems usually work by taking the outside air and then heating or cooling it. However, drivers have been told that this method uses much more fuel compared to the option which lets the car’s air-con system use the air from inside the car. DON'T MISS Mum with two babies fined after being trapped in car park [SHOCKING] Furious neighbour bombarded with angry messages over visitor parking [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge fines for swearing behind the wheel [WARNING] The air recirculation button, allows drivers to choose between the two options. If activated, the button allows the aircon to use the air from inside the car by drawing it through vents. And, at the same time, it stops the outside air from getting in. The button is usually located around the aircon dial that allows the driver to set the internal temperature. READ MORE: Furious mum hits out at driver who parked on pavement The principle is the same for electric cars as the aircon will put less strain on the battery. Bradley Jando of Kwik Fit said: "The compressor requires energy to run your vehicle’s air conditioning system and so will use a small amount of fuel whenever the system is running. "It could increase your fuel usage by as much as 10 percent, and the effects are particularly noticeable on short journeys. "When you initially set off, the air con has to work hard to bring the internal temperature down to a comfortable level." Despite fuel prices slowly dropping, they still remain high. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will have to pay 170.97p per litre of unleaded. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who will have to fork out 182.59p per litre on average. If motorists are struggling with the cost of fuel towards the end of the summer, they can easily find the cheapest petrol station in their area using petrolprices.com. After registering on the website, all motorists need to do is put in their postcode and how far they are willing to travel. The site will then provide drivers with a list of the cheapest petrol stations in their area. Mobile phone users can also download the app for easy access on the go without registering.