Every day, they leak away nearly 2.4 BILLION litres of our water (up to a quarter of the total supply). Every day, more than 1000 TIMES a day on average, they release raw sewage into our rivers. The result? People are too scared to jump in rivers or seas on a hot summer’s day. Over half the people who do swim get ill. Charity rafting events are cancelled. If you manage to catch a crayfish in English waters, you have to spend three days detoxing it before you’re allowed to eat it. Private water companies have names like ‘Yorkshire Water’ and ‘Thames Water’ to make us feel like we own them, like they’re working for us. But we don’t and they’re not (even though we have no choice about paying our bills). Since Thatcher privatised the water industry in 1989, these companies are working for investors around the world – from Canada to Australia, from Hong Kong to Malaysia, from China to the United Arab Emirates. The shareholders do very well out of it, pocketing £2 billion a year. So do the CEOs, earning £1.7 million on average. Meanwhile our bills have gone up 40% since privatisation. The damage they’re doing to our green and pleasant land, and the huge profits they’re making actually go hand in hand – it’s not a coincidence. Money that should go towards infrastructure to protect our common resources is flowing out to investors instead. Banning bonuses isn’t going to cut it. The only way we can make these companies work for the rest of us is by bringing them into public ownership so they stop ripping us off. Scottish Water is already publicly owned and invests £72 more per household per year. If England had copied the Scottish model we’d have spent £28 billion more on improving our infrastructure since privatisation. Climate crisis means the UK is getting hotter. England is expected to have water shortages in 25 years. We all need to do our bit to protect water and the environment, especially the industry itself. Let’s end privatisation so that water companies can work for people and planet, not profit.