Newcastle are reportedly trying to unblock the transfer of Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos. The Magpies have already signed Sven Botman, Matt Targett and Nick Pope this summer but are desperate to bolster their squad further before the summer transfer window slams shut at the start of next month. Newcastle were taken over by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium last October and now have the richest owners in world football. And the club splashed the cash in January as they enjoyed a fine run of form during the second half of the last campaign to cement their place in the Premier League. Magpies boss Eddie Howe is continuing to improve his squad in the hope of bringing success to St James’ Park. And he appears to be in the market for another goalscorer. According to O Jogo, Benfica have taken up an uncompromising position around Ramos and are demanding just shy of £35million for the ace. But talks between the two clubs are underway and next week may prove decisive in the process. MUST READ: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint    Ramos has started the season in emphatic fashion and struck a hat-trick against FC Midtjylland at the Estadio da Luz earlier this month as Benfica defeated the Danish side over two legs in a Champions League qualifier. The 21-year-old, who has scored 14 goals in 18 appearances for the Portugal under-21s team, was a regular for his side last season and often lined-up in a front two alongside new Liverpool forward Darwin Nunez. Benfica are said to be keen to keep the youngster but, according to Record, have already received a proposal from an unnamed English team. The interested party have submitted an offer worth an initial £25m, with another £8.5m in add-ons also included. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends warning over 'foolish' transfers West Ham fail to hijack deal for Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Arsenal boss Arteta sends Aubameyang message over Chelsea rumours    The publication have insisted that the bid has not come from Newcastle, although they do report that the Magpies will present a proposal of £25m at some point. But their offer is short of Benfica’s asking price. So Howe will need to persuade club chiefs to put their hands deeper in their pockets if they are to get a deal over the line. Newcastle took 15 matches to secure their first Premier League win last season as they suffered an egregious start of the campaign under Steve Bruce. But they are already up and running this time around after seeing off Nottingham Forest 2-0 last Saturday. Fabian Schar struck his team’s opener just before the hour-mark, before Callum Wilson wrapped up the win late on. 