The Government stepped in with a series of unprecedented measures – from lockdown to furlough – all designed to fulfil the first duty of any government: to protect the country. Back then, we did not know for certain what impact Covid would have. All we could do was rely on modelling and scientists’ judgment. Today we face another crisis. But there is one huge difference between the current energy crisis and Covid: we know exactly what the impact of the energy crisis is going to be. We know much of its scale and depth and that it will cause devastation on a level unseen since the 1970s – and likely even worse than that. All we don’t know is when it will end. Gas prices are currently nine to 11 times higher than normal. To put that into perspective, it’s as if the wholesale price of beer was now £25 a pint. And it is going to get far worse. Good, solid businesses will go bust. Hard-working people who have struggled for years to keep their heads above water will be plunged into disaster, having to choose between eating, heating or even having hot water. People will die as a result. We face a crisis of the gravest magnitude that requires as imaginative and comprehensive a response as did Covid. And yet a glaring absence from the Tory leadership race has been any sense that either candidate grasps the severity and scale of the crisis, or is even close to taking the measures necessary to deal with it. This is not about whether the next PM will do enough to give the Conservatives a chance of winning the next election – it is about whether she (let’s face it, it’s going to be Liz Truss) is going to fulfil the basic function of government and protect us from disaster. This is existential. We are in danger of wiping out national assets – businesses and people – through a failure to act on the scale required.  We have heard from Ms Truss and her allies about ideas for cuts in VAT, reductions in tax and National Insurance, for a modest increase in Universal Credit and vague notions of “packages” being considered. Ms Truss has even hinted – yes, really – that she will scrap the windfall tax on energy company profits. This is not so much scratching the surface as failing even to address the basic problem. We are in a national crisis that will make the UK’s 1970s bailout by the International Monetary Fund seem like a model of economic management. These are not merely temporary price increases that need a bit of fiddling to see us through. True, the energy crisis has been brought to a head by a pincer movement of war in Ukraine and a surge in demand after Covid, but it goes far deeper. It has been building through years of underinvestment. Governments have done all they can to close down investment in fossil fuels – not in itself wrong – but, critically, failed to build up alternative supplies. A video has been doing the rounds on social media of Nick Clegg as deputy PM in 2010 opposing more nuclear power – because it would only come on stream in 2021 or 2022. What terrible irony. Similarly, energy giant Centrica is reportedly to re-open a North Sea gas storage facility that closed in 2017 – because the government refused to fund its upkeep, leaving us with next to no gas stored. The price increase is a signal that we do not have enough gas to meet our current usage: that is the price mechanism at work. We need, urgently, to do two things.  First, to help people cope. But without dealing with the problem itself that would be short-sighted. So secondly, we need to do what Germany and France have done, and start a campaign for people to use less energy. That means insulation, using boilers and radiators more efficiently, it means turning off radiators in unused rooms and turning down thermostats if possible. It also needs serious investment in creating more renewable energy of our own, so we are not so reliant on imports. But Ms Truss also needs to grasp the need for help on a scale she has not, at least publicly, considered. This doesn’t mean fiddling with Labour’s proposed price freezes or offering a few hundred pounds but spending whatever it takes to save people from disaster. If that is £100billion, so be it. Create an energy bond and repay it over the next decades. This crisis should be treated on a war footing when extraordinary measures are not just a good idea – they are vital. 