Ola Jordan, 39, has been very candid recently in discussing her postpartum body after being known for her fit frame on Strictly Come Dancing previously. The professional dancer took to Instagram yesterday to share a video as she cleared out her closet with her baby daughter Ella, while promising she'll save one of her red carpet dresses for the tot, as it "won't fit" her again. Ola shared the touching video in view of her 309,000 Instagram followers alongside little Ella, whom she welcomed with husband James Jordan in 2020. She revealed in the short video: "Right, so I am clearing out my wardrobes today and I found this little number. "Ella, what do you think? Look at this dress. Do you like this one? Mum used to wear this, she wore it to a red carpet with daddy." The two-year-old replied: "Yes, it's cool." READ MORE: ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' Ola further remarked: "Mummy is going to keep it for you when you're older, you can wear it because mummy won't fit in it." This is not the first time Ola has touched on her weight in recent months, as the dancer shared a candid picture on a family holiday. Ola posed in a pink bikini alongside her husband as she took the opportunity to address the couple's "mum and dad bods". She captioned the post: "Hi guys. I wasn’t going to post this picture but I’ve decided to because I’m horrified and so disappointed with myself and by posting it I’m hoping it will help motivate me to do something about it. "Our friend took this snap of us yesterday trying to stay cool by the pool but OMG... it was a total shock to say the least! When did we get ‘mum and dad bods’ ???? "We know we’re not in our best Strictly shape but hey that’s what happens when you stop dancing for hours every day and have a baby (I just want to know James’ excuse). Stay cool everyone. I think I need to avoid the ice cream for a while!!!" She finished: "Couples That Eat Together Stay Together. @jamesjordan1978." James cheekily replied: "Saw this ages ago but my message didn’t go up - have you been drinking? DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [INSIGHT] Britney Spears, 40, risks revealing too much in tiny red dress video [PICS] Brad Pitt, 58, looks dapper in green suit amid retirement claims [HOLLYWOOD] "We just look different babes - but OMG I look old." Ola then took to Instagram the following day to thank fans for their support over her candid snap. She said: "Hi guys, I just wanted to say thank you so much for your lovely messages after my last post. "I've got to say it's so nice to see that I'm not alone and that a lot of you go through the same thing as me," she added. "It is quite embarrassing that I'm being a dancer and I struggle with all this weight that I put on. "But, my priority is Ella, she is taking over my life and it's all about her now and I don't know if I'll ever get back to my dancing body again. "I would love to, but I just don't think that's going to happen anytime soon." Ulrika Jonsson went on to speak about Ola's recent comments, revealing "we're all to blame" for the dancer's worries about her body due to societal pressures. The First Dates star wrote: "We’ve all become so utterly obsessed with body sizes and shapes; with perfection; with labelling and judging. "It’s all so wrong and horribly damaging," she added.