Michael Schumacher’s brother Ralf has had one of his Formula 1 wishes ruined, after Spanish stalwart Fernando Alonso signed for Aston Martin for the 2023 season. Alonso will leave current team Alpine at the end of the current campaign in the search of a new challenge at 41 years old. Ralf - the brother of the great seven-time world champion - had insisted that instead his nephew Mick Schumacher should have been the man to make the Aston Martin move, following Sebastian Vettel’s departure. Vettel announced he would be retiring from the sport last Friday after winning four world titles across 16 years. Of course Alonso is the man to replace the German star, but Ralf felt nephew Mick would have been the perfect candidate to come in. Per Sky Sports in Germany, he said: “Sebastian is leaving and it's not that easy for Aston Martin. If you want an experienced man who knows the current cars, then Mick is actually the first address. And then your test driver, Nico Hulkenberg, comes along.” Despite his wishes, his starlet nephew’s future remains up in the air with his contract with current team Haas set to expire at the end of the current campaign. Whilst he did not get the move this time around, 23-year-old Schumacher refused to rule out his chances of one day joining the Aston Martin ranks. JUST IN: Toto Wolff raises 'brain damage' fears for F1 drivers after Lewis Hamilton complaints Speaking at last weekend’s Hungarian Grand Prix, he said: “I think there's still lots to do here [at Haas], so that's where my focus lies at the moment. I never say never, but obviously my focus is Budapest right now," he commented. “What happens, we will see. Again, if there's anything that we have a feeling we need to share, we'll share it at the right moment." The Schumacher family are said to hold strong links to the Aston Martin chairman Lawrence Stroll. Addressing this in Hungary, Mick revealed that Stroll has ‘always taken care’ of him throughout his career. DON'T MISSWolff takes swipe at 'bored' Horner as row over FIA rule rumbles onChristian Horner calls out Mercedes and Toto Wolff over rule changesRed Bull and Mercedes hit out at new FIA rules coming into effect He added: “We've always been good with each other. Also already back in karting, he's always taken care of me."However the boss instead opted for the experience of Alonso, and the Spaniard is looking forward to work alongside Mr Stroll and his son - and driver - Lance. He said: “I have known Lawrence and Lance for many years and it is very obvious that they have the ambition and passion to succeed in Formula One. I have watched as the team has systematically attracted great people with winning pedigrees, and I have become aware of the huge commitment to new facilities and resources at Silverstone. No one in Formula One today is demonstrating a greater vision and absolute commitment to winning, and that makes it a really exciting opportunity for me." 