Probable mental illness among children has rocketed to one in six while three in five people saw their conditions worsen while waiting for support. Four percent of sufferers have attempted suicide. There are now at least 1.6 million people on waiting lists for mental health support, while another eight million are unable to get help. Charity Mind is now demanding the urgent implementation of a mental health strategy. It says the post-pandemic emergency is about to meet the spiralling cost-of-living crisis – and the grim picture will only deteriorate. Covid had a devastating impact on mental wellbeing and this newspaper launched its By Your Side campaign to fight for better mental health provision. Just 10 weeks later, former health secretary Sajid Javid announced a root-and-branch review of the fragile support framework. A consultation ran between April and July. In 2021, there were more than 5,000 suicides registered in England. Paul Farmer, Mind chief executive, said: “It’s incredibly concerning. When people are struggling, they need help there and then – not months or even years down the line. Unfortunately people are too often left without the support they need, with life-changing consequences. “The next prime minister must urgently prioritise a 10-year, cross-Government plan for mental health… to bring down waiting times and suicide rates.” The Department of Health said “over £2.3billion a year of additional funding will be invested by 2024 – helping an extra two million people in England access services”. It said it is currently analysing responses from the April consultation. ----------------------------------------------- The nation is facing a mental health emergency. However, action to address this has been slow and affected by recent events in Westminster. Mind’s research has found that 58 percent became more unwell while waiting for mental health support, with four percent saying they had attempted to take their own life. When people are struggling they need help there and then – not months or years down the line. This is why it’s so important Tory leadership rivals Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss commit to a 10-year mental health plan.  We already know that 1.6 million are on waiting lists and a further eight million are unable to get help. The consequences of being left without support can be fatal. Intervening early is not only beneficial, but also more cost-effective. We need to see more investment in getting people off waiting lists and quickly into support. Where people do get help, the majority recover, but it is worrying to see a quarter found it unhelpful. The Government needs to do more to make sure effective, culturally appropriate therapy is available. • Paul Farmer is Mind Chief Executive ----------------------------------------------- John Lucas was diagnosed with severe mental ill health at 40. The former IT executive ended up losing his job, marriage, house and savings. He now exists on benefits and battles a number of other health problems. John, 59, from Norwich, was first diagnosed with rapid cycling bipolar disorder. He said: “My mood can change hourly and has caused me multiple failed suicide attempts because of severe depression.” His local council used to offer support for his physical and mental health needs but can no longer do both. He has to contribute towards his social care.