WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River.Small town romance Virgin River's episodes are rammed with drama from start to finish and series four was no different. At the of the Netflix series' latest outing, Charmaine (Lauren Hammersley) revealed the truth regarding her pregnancy and how Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) wasn't actually the father. While viewers were expecting to focus on who the mystery daddy-to-be was, they couldn't help but critique how long Charmaine had been expecting for. In the season four finale, Jack and Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) went to help Charmaine as she was in a panic over Todd (Patrick Sabongui) and her unborn twins. Jack called 911 and told the operator that she was "about five months pregnant", shortly before Charmaine revealed that he wasn't the dad. She informed him of her pregnancy in Virgin River's season one finale cliffhanger which came out three years ago on Netflix. This means everything that has happened in the first four seasons, from car accidents and stabbings to romances and Jack getting shot, all happened within a span of five months. READ MORE: POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup? Upon finding this out, fans couldn't help but take to Twitter to share their reaction. One viewer tweeted: "I love me some #VirginRiver but my goodness this has to be the slowest-paced show EVER! "Charmaine been pregnant for 4 straight seasons and somehow only 5 months along PICK UP THE PACE." A second commented: "It’s been four seasons and that chick hasn’t popped out a kid yet? "She is like Bonnie on Family Guy… except worse! It’s like they are stuck in a time loop." While a third jokingly posted the famous Titanic GIF where Rose as an old woman says 'it's been 84 years', along with the caption: "When Jack said Charmaine was 5 months pregnant I was like...." Showrunner Patrick Sean Smith was brought onto the Virgin River team for season four and has spoken out about the issues with its timeline. He told Glamour: "Part of the challenge of the show is having so many cliffhangers, which are so effective in watching the show and having it feel like one long story. "With that said, it automatically compresses your timeline because you're picking up directly into the next episode, so it does make it a challenge. "I don't want to stay so restrictive in the timeline. "I want to expand it, but I also don't feel like I want to speed things up and jump ahead, either." DON'T MISS...Prince Harry 'scared' of 'Diana replacement' Meghan, claims Levin [ROYAL]Is Denny really Doc’s grandson in Virgin River? [EXPLAINER]Virgin River’s Martin Henderson admits he knows Charmaine’s twin’s dad [CAST] Smith went on to say that he felt "viewers' pain" but also didn't want to upset the show's flow but accelerate it into the future and bypass other storylines. So it could be quite some time before Charmaine actually gives birth to her children if Virgin River continues at this pace. Besides the problematic timeline, there is the matter of who the father of her children is. One theory circulating is that it could be Jack's friend and former US Marine Mike Valenzuela (Marco Grazzini). When Jack first told Mike she was pregnant, he seemed to have more of an emotional reaction than expected. This could have been because they were having an affair at the time behind Jack's back and doesn't want it to come out. In Robyn Carr's original book series, Charmaine's baby daddy is a friend of Jack's so could the twins really be Mike's? Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.