American superstar Serena Williams has revealed that she will be retiring from tennis. In an article with Vogue, she has explained that she will be moving ‘in a different direction' and that she will be relishing the ‘next few weeks’ before she hangs up her racket for good. Williams appears on the front cover of the Vogue magazine for September, titled: ‘Serena’s farewell: I’m terrible at goodbyes’.  In a heartfelt Instagram post, the 40-year-old wrote: “There comes a time in life when we have to decide to move in a different direction. “That time is always hard when you love something so much. My goodness do I enjoy tennis. But now, the countdown has begun. “I have to focus on being a mom, my spiritual goals and finally discovering a different, but just exciting Serena. I'm gonna relish these next few weeks.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu makes rankings vow as Brit faces losing 'all my WTA points' Williams has won the second-most Grand Slam singles titles with 23, just one behind Margaret Court. Though she will be hoping to match that record at the US Open later this month, where she may well say her farewell on home soil. The five-time WTA Tour Championship winner could have equalled Court’s record at Wimbledon earlier this summer, but she was beaten French star Harmony Tan in the final. The victory would have enabled Williams to then beat the overall record at the US Open before calling time on her career, but she revealed that was never her intention. DON'T MISS:US Open 'seriously considered' copying Wimbledon as Ukraine pledge comes to lightDaniil Medvedev, Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal warned of Nick Kyrgios threat at US OpenRoger Federer 'doesn't want' Wimbledon ghost haunting retirement as plans discussed She continued: “Unfortunately I wasn’t ready to win Wimbledon this year. And I don’t know if I will be ready to win New York. But I’m going to try. And the lead-up tournaments will be fun. “I know there’s a fan fantasy that I might have tied Margaret that day in London, then maybe beat her record in New York, and then at the trophy ceremony say, “See ya!” I get that. It’s a good fantasy. But I’m not looking for some ceremonial, final on-court moment. “I’m terrible at goodbyes, the world’s worst. But please know that I am more grateful for you than I can ever express in words. You have carried me to so many wins and so many trophies. I’m going to miss that version of me, that girl who played tennis. And I’m going to miss you.” 