Erik ten Hag went against Manchester United chiefs' wishes by talking up his squad's chances of a strong season, despite holding private fears over the difficulties a lack of transfer business would cause. Ten Hag has made an effort to mend the damage caused by Ralf Rangnick's scathing public assessments before his departure. The Dutchman inherited a broken squad coming off United's worst-ever Premier League season, with six first-team players leaving as free agents on July 1. And ESPN claim the club were eager for him to simmer expectations for the upcoming season, given the magnitude of the rebuild ahead. Figures advised Ten Hag to maintain 'realistic' expectations amid transfer frustrations contributing to an already daunting task at Old Trafford. However, he has decided to speak positively about his players and their aspirations for his maiden campaign in charge. Ten Hag's attempts to boost confidence and morale follow a capitulation under Rangnick that led to United finishing a staggering 35 points behind Premier League champions Manchester City. He has wasted no time distancing himself from the German and his brutal public assessments, which were understood to have negatively affected players. JUST IN: Newcastle 'in talks' to sign £45m Chelsea duo with one more on radar  However, the report adds that despite his decision to heap praise on his squad, including problem areas like midfield, Ten Hag is concerned with his lack of backing so far this summer. The ex-Ajax boss is 'well aware' that he could struggle to make progress this term without reinforcements in the final three weeks of the window. United's midfield issues were blatant in their dismal start to the Premier League campaign, a 2-1 home defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion last Sunday. But they are yet to address such problems ahead of a now-must-win game at Brentford on Saturday evening, despite work continuing behind the scenes. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped for title challenge if Tuchel completes three signings  Red Devils football director John Murtough is in Turin to try and complete a deal for Juventus midfielder Adrian Rabiot after making first contact 24 hours before the Brighton loss. Murtough is holding face-to-face talks with the Frenchman and his mother, Veronique, who also acts as his agent, on Friday to settle on personal terms. Ten Hag also wants a versatile winger and backup striker before the deadline, while United are still in the frame for Frenkie de Jong and await the Barcelona midfielder's decision on his future. But there is now a growing feeling that they could miss out to rivals Chelsea if he is forced out of the Nou Camp. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt