Jamie (played by Alexander Lincoln) is alive and kicking but living away from Emmerdale, where his family are carrying on with their lives believing he is dead. There have been several times over the past few months when it seemed the secret was going to be revealed but off-screen, the villain of the ITV soap has made sure the pretence of his death has continued. However, in Tuesday's episode of the weeknight serial drama, a hint was dropped that newcomer Kit (Thoren Ferguson) could be involved with Kim Tate's (Claire King) son. The latest episode began with Kit waking up at Home Farm following a night of passion with Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham), who didn't realise she was part of a love triangle. This is because Kit is also dating her stepmother, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy), and he has been sleeping with both women. However, his sudden interest in Gabby could be because he is actually working with Jamie to get revenge on the mother of his son. Going under the alias of Chris on an online dating profile meant he could protect his identity and get closer to Gabby, as well as keeping up his romance with Laurel. He seemed to be enjoying himself with both women but this could all be a cover to ensure his partner in crime isn't revealed. READ MORE: Gok Wan declares he’s ‘had enough’ as he walks off This Morning It could be Jamie and Kit were friends at school and they could have lost touch over their years as adult life took over. When Jamie saw on social media how Kit was in Emmerdale, helping Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) with his physio, he could have set a plan in motion. Reconnecting with his old school friend, Jamie could have explained he would give him a huge sum of money to help him get revenge on his son's mother. Needing the cash, Kit could have agreed to help with the plan and he would have said he would go to any length to get close to Gabby. Although he was dating Laurel, the incentive to receive a huge payout meant Kit would have gone with his head rather than his heart. Kit seemed pleased with himself following his night with Gabby as later in Tuesday's episode, he received a message from the mother of one. The message read: "Hey Chris, I had a great time. Do you fancy meeting again?" to which Kit replied: "Love to see you again. "When?" his reply continued and later this week, his plans will begin to crumble when Laurel walks in on her partner kissing Gabby. Unfortunately for him, this could mean with Jamie is off the table as he wouldn't be able to get as close to Gabby as he needed to. However, will he use his charm to his advantage and manipulate Gabby into giving him another chance so Jamie's revenge plan can be completed? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] The revenge could include making sure Gabby looks like an unfit mother so her son would have to be given to his father, who would conveniently come back from the dead. Kit could help Gabby look like this by making sure she spends little time with her son, taking her out drinking all the time and collating evidence to prove this. In the eyes of the court, Gabby wouldn't be able to have custody of her son anymore as she would be putting him in harm's way. How will Gabby react if she realises the man she has been sharing a bed with is actually the man who reported her to the authorities? Will Jamie's plan have worked? There has been a lot of talk of Jamie returning to the village since his departure from the weeknight serial drama last November. He has managed to get custody of his daughter, Millie Tate (Willow Bell), following the death of his wife, Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale). Speaking about a possible return for Jamie, the actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, has said she would love to see him back. The soap star admitted: "I would love to see Alex back! "I think the romantic side of Gabby and Jamie is done because of the way he treated her – but there's still unfinished business." "And since he left, Gabby's grown so much as a person," the actress continued to explain in an interview with Inside Soap. "She has so much more self-awareness and self-respect. "But I'd love to have Alex on set again – he's a bundle of laughs, like a little puppy," she continued so there is hope he will be back. But just how long can the character be kept off-screen before he ruins everyone's lives in the village? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.