Daria Saville has shared an emotional post about the “torture” of competing in Grand Slams following her first-round exit at the US Open. The former world No 20 explained how lower-ranked players are subject to “chaos” that top stars don't have to worry about.  Saville suffered a 3-6 6-2 6-4 first-round loss to Elena-Gabriela Ruse at the US Open on Monday after arriving to New York just a day before the tournament started after making the final in Granby last week. It marked the end of the Australian’s Grand Slam season, and she took to Instagram shortly after the match to share an emotional post about the difficulty of playing at the top level as a lower-ranked player. “My thoughts after playing all 4 Slams this year: Why do Slams feel so different to any other tournaments? Grand Slams are chaotic,” the world No 58 wrote on Instagram. “It’s busy, it is so freaking chaotic in the player's areas, and 90% of these people never travel to any other tournament but because it’s a Slam they’ve come to “support” their players. “Friends, family, agents. I don’t know about other players but it makes me feel like I owe them a win. I just want to do my job, I don’t come to your job to “support” you.” Saville spent most of 2020 sidelined before undergoing Achilles tendon surgery in 2021 which kept her out of action until November, and has since been rebuilding her ranking this season. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios was texting Kokkinakis 'minutes before' US Open match She has since gone from No 419 to No 58 in the world but is still feeling the pressure to improve, as she continued: “I like to be focused on the progress, but all that goes out the window during the Slam. Because every other tournament you “prepare” for the Slam. My thinking becomes so toxic and all I wanna do is win and I feel like everyone around me wants me to win. It’s not true but it feels like no one cares if I get better. Just win.” And the 28-year-old also shared the woes of reaching a final in the week before the Grand Slam as she explained how lower-ranked players received worse practice and match conditions at Major level. “It’s a good problem to have to have made the final of [a] tournament the week before but that means I got 0 practice on-site. Played the final, travelled the next day, played in completely different conditions and court the next day,” she wrote. “There are rules about warm ups before the matches and so only seeded players and (maybe idk) past champions can hit on-site for their warm ups, people like me have to warm up in the park.. so yea the prep wasn’t it.” Saville also shared the tough side of playing on smaller courts, something the top players don’t experience as they receive assignments to the main showcourts. DON'T MISS Serena Williams names F1 ace Lewis Hamilton as GOAT in glowing tributeMedvedev questions if law 'makes sense' after Djokovic's US Open banRoger Federer: Is Federer playing at US Open? When will he play?  She continued: “Outside courts are really hard to play on. It’s very distracting especially for me with my ADHD. S*** happening everywhere, people walking in and out, calls from other courts that you think are for your match, it’s so loud because you’re exposed to everything. Not to mention outside courts are generally quicker than stadiums.”  And with a limited about of Grand Slam tournament each year, Saville found it tough to adapt to the conditions with few chances to get used to them, admitting that the Majors currently felt like “torture”. She concluded: “And we only get to practice at it 4 times a year. Because like I said Grand Slams don’t feel like any other tournament. I really hope one day playing at Slams won't feel like torture to me and I will enjoy it more. I’m working on it.” 