Travelling with just hand luggage is a great way to save some money on the cost of a flight, but there are numerous restrictions passengers must abide by. Security measures are in place at UK airports to keep passengers, staff and aircraft safe. As a result, certain items are banned. While most people are aware of the restrictions around the types and amount of liquid permitted in luggage, there are some additional items which are banned due to security concerns. Gov.uk explained: "Airport security staff will not let anything through that they consider dangerous - even if it’s normally allowed in hand luggage." In some cases, certain items are permitted in hold luggage, but can not be taken through in hand luggage. In others, items are completely banned from being taken onboard a flight in any capacity. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 'Cheeky' trick to travel with extra items A spokesperson for MyBaggage said: “Ensuring everything you pack at home is allowed onto the plane is an easy way to prevent a stressful experience once you reach the airport. “Some items you might not think of as a problem when packing, but when safety is considered it becomes clear why they aren’t allowed in hand luggage. “Having items removed from you and potentially being handed a fine is not how you want to start, or end, your trip away. “Each airline may have different restrictions, so it’s important to check every time you fly.” While a corkscrew might seem like a harmless kitchen item, it can pose a risk when taken onboard a flight, which therefore means it can not be placed in hand luggage. However, if you need to take a corkscrew on your travels, the utensil is permitted in hold luggage. A spokesperson from MyBaggage.com revealed the quirky rule and said: “If you were planning on having a bottle of wine or two once you reached your destination, it would be best to keep to screw caps, or buy a corkscrew once you arrive.” DON'T MISSHand luggage rules you need to know for laptops and phones [INSIGHT]Suitcase packing hack: 'Always carry' one simple item to board quicker [COMMENT]'Dump him!' Woman's surprise holiday for boyfriend goes wrong [REPORT] Knives can be classed as a weapon and may pose a danger while onboard. Though knives are banned from hand luggage, those with a blade smaller than six centimetres might be permitted in hold luggage, but this depends on your airline. Always check with your airline before packing anything which could be considered dangerous. Though smaller, round-ended or blunt scissors are permitted in hold luggage, those with a blade longer than six centimetres are banned. In some cases, you may be able to pack larger scissors in your hold luggage. Although cigarette lighters are banned from both hand and hold luggage, there is a caveat. Gov.uk explained: "You can put a lighter in a plastic liquids bag and keep it on your person." At security, seal your lighter in a clear, plastic bag for inspection. Once it has been checked by staff you can then carry it onboard in your pocket, but it must not be left in your bag for safety reasons.