Queen and Adam Lambert’s extensive Rhapsody tour of the UK and Europe concluded in Finland last month. And just before their last shows there, Brian May, Roger Taylor and the singer gave a special Q&A for fans who tuned in to stream Rhapsody Over London’s Live Concert Film. Right at the end, host Simon Lupton said: “Amongst the questions that were submitted over 50 all asked the same thing. On behalf of all those people, I will ask it.” Simon shared: “They want to know, when are you going to tour again? Just so you know, we had specific requests from Canada, USA, Mexico, all across South America, South Africa, the Middle East, all across Europe, China, Japan and Australia. Now I’m sure you just want to go and lie in a dark room and not think about touring for a little while [but] is there anything you can tell the fans? Is this the end of Queen and Adam Lambert or will the show go on?” Brian teased: “We’re talking already, because of course you have to look into the future… We’re thinking, we’re talking, but we do need some time off. I think particularly Roger and I.” Adam waded in: “But please let us finish our first one! I could use a break.” READ MORE: Brian May ‘caught completely by surprise’ at Queen concert – WATCH Brian shared: “This has been a long tour, incredibly demanding. And we’ve lived the life of monks as well. We’ve worn our masks, we haven’t met people, we haven’t done meet and greets. I haven’t signed an autograph, I haven’t done any pictures, because we treasured the fact we would do every show, we wouldn’t cancel any show because of COVID. That’s a two or three months discipline. So we need to take a deep breath and get back out into the world somehow again.” DON'T MISSBrian May's Adam Lambert doubters clip ‘So worthy of Freddie Mercury’ [BRIAN ON ADAM]Brian May shares ‘risky’ Platinum Jubilee entrance BBC failed to show [QUEEN JUBILEE]Queen and Adam Lambert concert review: Unbelievably entertaining [REVIEW] Adam said: “I’m sure people at home could feel the same way. The pandemic leaves you a little rusty in certain areas of your life. It was pretty amazing going back into rehearsal. I think we were all really surprised that we got on the bike so quick, that we were like, ‘Oh! Okay, this is going to be fine!’ We dusted off the cobwebs within like a day. I thought it was going to be harder to kind of get back into it. So that was a real blessing.” Before Roger added: “Hopefully, the show must go on!…”