The seventh season of Outlander cannot come soon enough for fans of the Starz drama as they eagerly await to see how Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) and Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) will overcome the threat of the Christies. In the meantime, a number of the show’s stars have been providing updates from the set, and Heughan himself took time out to pay tribute to his cast mates. When asked what motivates him to continue in the role of Jamie for seven seasons, Heughan was full of praise for his colleagues. “Do you know what gets me out of bed at seven, or four, or five in the morning is probably just my co-workers, right?” Heughan began. “It’s like we’re all in it together and we’re all doing it and I think that as soon as I get in my car and I go to work… “I’m with my driver and my makeup artist and then the whole gang is there. It’s just fun, we’re a big family, we are.” READ MORE: Outlander fans point out 'annoying' Jamie Fraser plot hole Heughan continued to Gold Derby: “We all support each other (and) we’re a big network. “The writing - and I think season six was a really well-written season and seven appears to be that way as well. “I think the writers have had time and it’s interesting because some episodes need more to others that need less. “But I feel the consistency of Jamie, you know there’s a certain way that he talks that some writers get and some writers don’t but yeah, I do enjoy it.” All in all, there was one final reason why Heughan has continued his tenure as Outlander’s leading man for nearly a decade. “I guess the bigger picture and what keeps me going… I wanna know what the story is,” he admitted. “I wanna know how it ends so yeah, that’s why I’m in this with everyone else.” Heughan is just one of many Outlander regulars who’ll all be back for season seven as part of the show’s “family”. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe pens tribute to father after sudden deathOutlander star opens up on gruelling 12-hour day battle scene filmingOutlander: Why did Jamie Fraser marry Laoghaire MacKenzie? And they’ll be joined by a handful of new additions as news has already emerged of new faces joining the hit series. Two of them are Izzy Meikle-Small and Joey Phillips who’ll play brother and sister duo, Rachel Hunter and Dr Denzell Hunter, respectively. Both characters feature in the novels by Diana Gabaldon on which the Starz drama is based upon. Fans of the book series know all about the pair as Rachel and Denzell are Quakers who find their world changed forever when Young Ian (John Bell) arrives at their farm with William Ransom (Charles Vandervaart) needing help. But how their stories will play out on-screen remains to be seen given the series is no stranger to adopting artistic license to Gabaldon’s original texts. Meikle-Small has a number of small screen credits on her CV already, having starred in Ripper Street, The 7.39 and Great Expectations. Phillips, on the other hand, has made brief appearances in BBC’s Holby City and Casualty as well as soap Doctors. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the USA and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.