Game of Thrones fans have been eagerly awaiting for House of the Dragon, which will tell the story of the civil war which ripped Westeros apart. So who are going to be the stars of this HBO and Sky fantasy drama? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of House of the Dragon.  King Viserys Targaryen was picked by the Lords of Westeros to take over the Iron Throne at the Great Council at Harrenhal. He was to become the new king after his grandfather, and so Viserys was keen to carry on his legacy, but having good intentions doesn't necessarily make you a good king. Actor Paddy Considine has been in a number of popular films and shows throughout his career which launched in 2000. These have included My Summer of Love, Hot Fuzz, The Bourne Ultimatum, Peaky Blinders, Informer, The Outsider and Third Day. READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement    Prince Daemon is the younger brother of King Viserys and the heir to the throne. He is a dragon rider and possesses the true blood of the dragon, and so believes he is the one that deserves the crown. Actor Matt Smith famously portrayed the 11th incarnation of the Doctor in the iconic BBC sci-fi series Doctor Who. He went on to star in The Crown's first two seasons on Netflix as Prince Philip which earned him a Primetime Emmy Award nomination.   As the daughter of The Hand of the King Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans), Alicent Hightower was raised in the Red Keep and grew up among royalty and their inner circle. She is thought as the most beautiful woman in the Seven Kingdoms and has great political knowledge. Fans will recognise actress Olivia Cooke as Emma Decody in A&A's thriller Bates Motel and ITV period drama Vanity Fair as Becky Sharp. Cooke has also been in The Secret of Crickley Hall, Ouija, Modern Love, Pixie and Slow Horses. DON'T MISS...Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on  [ROYAL]House of the Dragon: What time does Game of Thrones prequel air? [RELEASE TIME]Everything you need to know ahead of House of the Dragon release [EXPLAINER] Princess Rhaenyra is the firstborn child of King Viserys and is a dragon rider with pure Valyrian blood. However, she has been ruled out of becoming the next heir to the throne as she is a woman, much to her frustration. House of the Dragon will by far be actress Emma D'Arcy's biggest role to date. She previously starred in BBC and Netflix's drama Wanderlust and Amazon Prime Video's Truth Seekers. As the Sea Snake, Lord Corlys is the most famous nautical adventurer in Westeros' history. Because of this, he has the largest navy in the world and his house is even richer than the Lannisters. Actor Steve Toussaint has been in Judge Dredd, Shooting Dogs and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time. Other cast members include: Princess Rhaenys Targaryen - Eve Best Ser Criston Cole - Fabien Frankel Mysaria - Sonoya Mizuno Otto Hightower - Rhys Ifans House of the Dragon premieres on Sunday, August 21 on HBO in America and Monday, August 22 on Sky Atlantic and NOW streaming service in the UK.