Lewis Hamilton has admitted he worked in the Mercedes garage until past midnight after a horror qualifying Toto Wolff branded as the team’s worst. Ahead of the race Hamilton was asked how late he was at the circuit after a difficult Saturday.   He replied: “I think at 12:30. Trying to figure out how to win. Still working on the theory and constantly just trying to see, make sure there’s no stone unturned basically so today we can maximise. “Obviously you can't change anything overnight but still lots of learning.” He added: “I hope we can somehow challenge the guys ahead but we will see.” Hamilton was only quick enough for seventh fastest with team-mate Russell eighth. The seven-time champion was left stunned after his best lap in Q3 was 1.8 seconds slower than Verstappen. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'hurt' by new FIA rule at Belgian GP  “So there’s something we totally don’t understand, or seem to get right. Clearly, Red Bull are here in a league of their own, as the next Ferrari is eight tenths off. But that’s no consolation. “It’s for me the worst qualifying session I had in 10 years. And irrespective of what positions we will start in tomorrow, being on pole the previous weekend and three weeks later being nowhere, it’s just not acceptable for ourselves.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen rubs salt in Mercedes wounds with brutal comment  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton caught on camera inspecting Max Verstappen's car [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton takes swipe at Mercedes car after Belgian GP qualifying [COMMENT] Penalties for Verstappen and Leclerc opened up an opportunity for Mercedes with many tipping Hamilton to challenge for history this weekend. The multiple champion has only finished behind Verstappen at the last two events with the Silver Arrows picking up back-to-back double podium finishes. Hamilton has finished inside the top-three at last five events after turning a page in Canada. After qualifying, the Briton revealed his attention had already turned to next year’s package and a possible change in design. He commented: "It's a car we continue to struggle with and definitely won’t miss it at the end of the year. "For me it’s just about focussing on how we build and design next year’s car. The other two teams ahead of us are in another league but our car looks so much different to theirs.”