A consortium including Lewis Hamilton have completed a £3.85billion takeover of NFL side the Denver Broncos, making the seven-time Formula One champion co-owner of the club. The Mercedes driver is part of the Walter-Penner group which had their takeover bid unanimously approved on Tuesday. The deal is the most expensive ever for a sport’s franchise, almost double the previous record set for the New York Mets baseball team. The new owners, who also control the huge American retail chain Walmart, were confirmed during a special meeting of NFL owners in Minnesota. Tweeting after the takeover was confirmed Hamilton said he was excited to be joining the franchise and joked his loyal dog Roscoe thought he was already part of the team. The 37-year-old wrote: “Excited to join an incredible group of owners and become a part of the Broncos story!! Honoured to work with a world-class team and serve as an example of the value of more diverse leadership across all sports. Roscoe already thinks he made the team.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton feels targeted by FIA as he discusses F1 jewellery ban - 'I'm the only one' Leader of the Walter-Penner group Rob Walton spoke passionately about the importance of having Hamilton as one of the owners, stressing the efforts to help achieve global equality. “We’re delighted to welcome Seven-Time Formula One World Champion Sir Lewis Hamilton to our ownership group,” the American said. “He is a champion competitor who knows what it takes to lead a winning team and a fierce advocate for global equality, including in his own sport. With over 100 race wins, Lewis is considered the most successful F1 driver of all time. “His resilient spirit and standard of excellence will be an asset to the ownership group and the Broncos organisation.” It is not the first time that Hamilton has been involved in an attempt to buy a sports team. The Brit was part of Sir Martin Broughton’s consortium’s bid to take ownership of Chelsea after the club was put up for sale by Roman Abramovich in April. He was joined by legendary tennis star Serena Williams as he sought to extend his influence within the sporting world. DON'T MISSFerrari threaten to protest FIA 'compromise' after Lewis Hamilton and Russell complaintsMcLaren fired warning from Alpine if they opt to replace Ricciardo with Oscar PiastriLewis Hamilton drops new Mercedes contract hint as Brit ready to copy Fernando Alonso However, the consortium was unsuccessful after they were outbid by the conglomerate led by Todd Boehly. This may have been a blessing in disguise for the Formula One star given his well-published support of the Blues' London rivals Arsenal. The Broncos are three-time Superbowl winners and Hamilton will be hoping his new club can hit those heights again during his ownership.