Edna Martin, 87, and Simon Martin, 47, from Weston-Super-Mare, Somerset have defied the critics as they celebrate their 17th wedding anniversary. The couple met when she was 69, and he was 31, at a concert 18 years ago and said it was “love at first sight”. The besotted couple doesn’t care what strangers think and said in their local community, they no longer get strange looks and comments everyone accepts their relationship, despite the age difference. “The people where we live are very warm and friendly - they're not very judgmental, not that it's anyone's business,” Edna said. As a result, Edna and Simon celebrated their wedding milestone by dining at a local fish and chip restaurant. The couple, who owe their successful marriage to treating each other with affection and going out on adventures every day, exchanged romantic gifts with each other to mark the occasion. READ MORE: Why you shouldn’t keep bread in a bread bin and butter in the fridge Simon said: “We still go out together and walk hand-in-hand on our wheelers because we both struggle without mobility. “We have actually inspired other people in age-gap relationships to take the next step and get married. “Our friends and acquaintances have always been happy for us but of course, we just ignore any weird looks and comments. “Love is love and everyone should ignore what anyone else says. DON'T MISS...Common meal the royal children have never eaten ‘Why would they?' [COMMENT]Most expensive household appliances to run - full list [EXPERT]Keep potatoes edible for six months with new storage hack [EXCLUSIVE] “Age is a state of mind, if you feel old, you are old,” he added. Edna, who is a grandmother-of-four bought her husband a torque bracelet and Simon got Edna some earrings with crystals. Edna, said: “We are still very much in love and keep our relationship alive through our little adventures.” The couple previously explained how they “often stop in the street and have a damn good kiss”. READ MORE: Diet: Lose 2lb a week with new 4-day intermittent fasting diet plan “We are still intimate in the bedroom as much as any couple in love. We love each other more than before - the love has grown over the years, it’s absolutely wonderful,” they added. Edna is a retired engineer and Simon is a retired organist. Simon, who had never had a girlfriend before Edna, used to live in Birmingham. They initially had a long-distance relationship but moved in together after a few weeks. Simon's family took some time to adjust to the age gap but after seeing how happy he was, they didn’t care, he said. Edna's family have always been supportive and attended their wedding on July 8, 2005. Edna said: "My daughter made our wedding cake and my son gave me away. “He said at the wedding reception: 'I've been wanting to give my mother away all my life and this is the day for it.' “My son is 57. My grandchildren are more the age that Simon is, but nobody takes any notice,” she added.