The fall of 0.1 percent between April and June, confirmed by the Office for National Statistics today, is a sharp contrast to the previous quarter, when it rose by 0.8 percent. The data prompted shadow chancellor, Labour’s Rachel Reeves, to claim Mr Johnson’s Government had “lost control of the economy” - and her concerns were backed up by several small business owners who were likewise deeply worried at the implications. Dave Kelly, co-founder of Bristol-based butcher, Ruby & White, warned: “A giant cleaver is coming down onto our economy and the Government is simply watching on. “Inflation, soaring energy bills, tax hikes and interest rate rises are crippling people and small businesses alike. With the economy officially contracting, we need action and we need it now." Keith Budden, MD at Hampshire-based IT security firm Ensurety claimed there was “zero urgency in Government”. He added: “As the economy drifts towards the rocks, Rishi and Liz are arguing over who can grab tomorrow's headlines, while Boris is like a Red Letter Day junkie. “Our leaders need to get a grip and grab the rudder before the whole damn boat goes down.” Ed Rimmer, CEO of Bath-based SME finance provider Time Finance said there had been a “significant shift in business optimism” over the last six months. He explained: “At the end of last year, the firms we spoke with were optimistic about the future, with a third planning to invest in and expand their workforce. “Fast forward six months and it's a very different outlook. One in 10 businesses now say they are struggling to keep up with their current financial responsibilities. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE - 'Great error' Truss warned Boris' departure will cripple 'post-EU fantasy' “Unless something is done quickly, these businesses won’t survive. Employers are under a lot of pressure right now. “Many simply aren't able to raise their prices to keep up with the rising cost of living and, as a result, we're locked in a vicious cycle. Drastic action is required.” Dr Jackie Mulligan, an expert on the Government’s High Streets Task Force and founder of the local shopping platform Shopappy said: “And so the great contraction begins. “Sadly, this is likely the beginning of a very long and deep recession. DON'T MISSGB News: Sturgeon IndyRef2 bid torn to shreds by former Tory minister [LATEST]M5 ‘Serious’ crash blocks all traffic [UPDATES]Carol Vorderman risks fury as she 'leaks next Strictly contestant' [SHOWBIZ] "Based on what we're seeing on the ground, the contraction of the economy has a long way to go yet. “Millions of families and small businesses are in an unimaginably difficult place, financially and emotionally. “The terrifying level of inflation in particular is a double whammy for the small family businesses that line the UK's high streets.” Mary Maguire, Managing Director of UK-wide recruiter, Astute Recruitment, suggested little would change before the end of the Tory leadership contest. She added: “Until the next PM is elected, we are rudderless economically. With the economy shrinking, businesses need decisive and adept leadership, but a vacuum of non-urgency stagnates throughout Parliament. “My worst fear is that MPs, the Bank of England, the IMF and others are actually talking us into a far worse recession with their relentless tide of doom and gloom. “The Government needs to act fast and decisively. Corporation tax should be held at 19 percent, employers’ and employees’ NI should be reduced, even if as a temporary measure until April 2023. “And why not give firms tax deduction opportunities against cost-of-living fuel payments they make to staff? “A windfall tax against the big energy suppliers who have enjoyed unprecedented profits this year could pay for this.” Ms Reeves said: "The economy shrinking. Inflation skyrocketing. It is clearer than ever that the Conservatives have lost control of the economy. "With the Bank of England forecasting a recession lasting the whole of next year, the Conservative leadership contenders need to stop playing to the gallery and start coming up with a serious plan to get Britain's economy back on track.” Commenting on the latest figures, Chancellor of the Exchequer Nadhim Zahawi said: "Our economy showed incredible resilience following the pandemic and I am confident we can pull through these global challenges again. "I know that times are tough and people will be concerned about rising prices and slowing growth, and that's why I'm determined to work with the Bank of England to get inflation under control and grow the economy. "The Government is providing billions of pounds of help for households with rising costs, including £1,200 for eight million of the most vulnerable households."