Novak Djokovic may yet be given a last-minute chance to compete at the US Open later this month after a fresh statement from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), but he won't have any warm-up tournaments available to compete in after he was forced to withdraw from next week's Cincinnati Masters. Djokovic has not played competitively since beating Nick Kyrgios in the Wimbledon final last month.  He's been forced to miss all of the North American hardcourt swing events and has now also pulled out of next week's Cincinnati Masters. US travel restrictions have prevented Djokovic from travelling to the country as foreigners who are not vaccinated against Covid-19 are not allowed to enter America. Just last week, Djokovic took to social media to deliver a message to his fans, insisting that he still harbours some hope of being able to compete at the US Open. He wrote: "I am preparing as if I will be allowed to compete, while I await to hear if there is any room for me to travel to US. Fingers crossed!" Djokovic remains on the entry list for the US Open, which gets underway on August 29. And the 21-time Grand Slam champion may well have some hope to compete in the final major of the year following an update from the CDC.  New guidance relaxing some rules regarding social distancing and quarantine has now been issued by the CDC. The statement read: “This updated guidance is intended to apply to community settings. In the coming weeks, CDC will work to align stand-alone guidance documents, such as those for healthcare settings, congregate settings at higher risk of transmission, and travel, with today’s update.” The document also stated that "unvaccinated people now have the same guidance as vaccinated people". Djokovic has received an outpouring of support from several of his peers regarding his inability to currently enter the United States.  John McEnroe insisted last month that there has to be a way for the Serbian tennis icon to play at the US Open. “I mean, we have to find a way to get Novak into the US Open,” McEnroe said. “How can he not be there? He has just won Wimbledon, he is a great champion and he should be in the US Open. I don’t agree with his decision not to get vaccinated, but I respect it. He is one of the fittest guys in the world and everything he puts into his body, he is watching carefully. “Now we are saying that because of his choice, he can’t play at the US Open. I mean, come on. He has already been deported from Australia for the same reason and here we are again. I hope someone finds a way to sort this out. It’s crazy that Novak misses the US Open at this stage.”