Around 4.5 million people with a private sector pension are expected to be affected, due to annual increases being capped well below the double-digit inflation rates. The average 66-year-old pensioner faces missing out on £25,000 over a lifetime, XPS pensions group has warned, with retirees in private sector defined benefit (DB) schemes losing a total of £85billion of income. The Consumer Prices Index (CPI) hit 10.1 percent in the year to July 2022, with further increases predicted. The Bank of England has warned inflation could exceed 13 percent in October, in the same month the energy price cap will soar to £3,459. Final salary and career average pension pots in the private sector tend to grow in line with inflation, reflecting the rising cost of living. However, increases after retirement are usually capped at a maximum five percent each year, the consultancy warned. READ MORE: Fury as most pensioners will not get next year's £1,000 state pension rise - ‘treacherous’ Charlotte Jones, senior consultant, told the Telegraph: “With the cost of living rising daily, salaries not keeping pace and the need for cash in your pocket you can see why people may consider drawing their pension early. "I’m sure most people would be shocked to learn that their pension could be dramatically impacted by shifting their retirement by just a few days, weeks or months. "Not all members will be aware of the potential cost of early retirement." Earlier this week, US bank Citi announced it has forecast CPI will hit 18.6 percent in January. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown warned: “Inflation at 18.6 percent would push millions of people into dire straits. "And because these horrible price hikes are being driven by the essentials people need to stay alive – like food and heat – it’s going to hit those on lower incomes hardest, who’ve got nothing left to give." On Friday, Ofgem announced the energy price cap will rise to £3,459 from October 1 - up from the current £1,971. Jonathan Brearley, CEO of Ofgem, said: “We know the massive impact this price cap increase will have on households across Britain and the difficult decisions consumers will now have to make. "I talk to customers regularly and I know that today’s news will be very worrying for many. “The price of energy has reached record levels driven by an aggressive economic act by the Russian state. "They have slowly and deliberately turned off the gas supplies to Europe causing harm to our households, businesses and wider economy. Ofgem has no choice but to reflect these cost increases in the price cap. “The Government support package is delivering help right now, but it’s clear the new Prime Minister will need to act further to tackle the impact of the price rises that are coming in October and next year. "We are working with ministers, consumer groups and industry on a set of options for the incoming Prime Minister that will require urgent action. "The response will need to match the scale of the crisis we have before us. With the right support in place and with regulator, government, industry and consumers working together, we can find a way through this.” Responding to the announcement, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Nadhim Zahawi said: “I know the energy price cap announcement this morning will cause stress and anxiety for many people, but help is coming with £400 off energy bills for all, the second instalment of a £650 payment for vulnerable households, and £300 for all pensioners. “While Putin is driving up energy prices in revenge for our support of Ukraine’s brave struggle for freedom, I am working flat out to develop options for further support. "This will mean the incoming Prime Minister can hit the ground running and deliver support to those who need it most, as soon as possible.”