EastEnders is back on BBC One this week and there are surprises from the outset as viewers will see a new face on the Square. Amy Mitchell is the daughter of Roxy (played by Rita Simons) and Jack Branning (Scott Maslen), and she has been played by actress Abbie Burke since 2014. However, this week, a new actress Ellie Dadd will take over the role. Amy Mitchell joined the series after a one-night stand between Roxy and Jack and there was plenty of drama surrounding her conception. The 13-year-old character was played by sisters Kamil and Natalia Lipka-Kozanka when she first joined the cast. The role later went to Amelie Conway from 2010 until 2014, with Abbie Burke taking over for the next eight years. Throughout her time in the soap, Amy has seen the death of her mum, as well as Aunt Ronnie (Samantha Womack). READ MORE: EastEnders spoilers: Walford rocked by violent murder This week Amy is bullied by some new teens on the Square. Fans will notice how Amy is now played by a different actress, Ellie Dadd. The new casting is to coincide with the teenager's new coming-of-age storyline. Actress Ellie Dadd may be recognised for her role as Cat Shaw in Silent Witness. With Amy growing into a young woman facing new trials and tribulations, the role has been recast to reflect her growing up. Besides Silent Witness, new actress Ellie has previously starred in a short called Lipstick. In recent times, Amy was trying to impress some new teenagers as she tricked Bobby Beale (Clay Milner Russell) and stole food from Walford East. Her dad is worried that she is growing up too fast and is particularly unimpressed by her outfit choices. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: New arrival rocks Walford as Mitch’s past explored [THEORY] EastEnders theory: Amy Mitchell to become killer [DISCUSSION] EastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Slaters as Mo returns with bad news [THEORY] Sadly she has been subject to online bullying after a photo of her unshaved legs was posted online. Like any teenager, Amy is struggling with the obstacles that come with puberty. Luckily, stepsister Chelsea (Zaraah Abrahams) spoke to the boys and did not hold back. Amy has received plenty of support from her family, including stepmum Denise (Diane Parish), who took her to the salon to show her how to wax her legs. Viewers will be interested to see what else is in store for Amy as she comes to terms with growing up. Hopefully, more will come to light about the new actress Ellie as she comes into the spotlight. Her predecessor Abbie's first regular role was as Amy, and viewers will be keen to find out what her next venture will be. The young star has built up plenty of experience and is destined for a successful acting career.  EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm