Travelling with just hand luggage is a great way to make savings on a flight, but as well as navigating airline-specific rules, passengers should also be aware of strict security rules. Many toiletries are banned from being taken past airport security, including aerosols of a certain size. This rule does not necessarily mean you can't take hairspray or deodorant, but rather that you need to pay attention to the specific size of your canister. The Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) explained: "Please note that current UK aviation security regulations forbid the carriage of liquids (including aerosols and gels) in hand baggage through the passenger security point in containers larger than 100ml. "Larger containers may be placed in hold baggage or purchased after the security point, provided they comply with the dangerous goods limits in the links below." These rules are based on the current edition of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) Technical Instructions for the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods by Air. READ MORE: 'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' The transport of aerosol goods, such as 100ml canisters of deodorant, must also be for "personal use". In 2006, flights introduced restrictions surrounding the amount of liquids you can take onboard in your cabin bag. Among the items restricted are toiletries both in liquid and aerosol form. The rule came after British police foiled a terror plot which planned to detonate liquid explosives onboard multiple flights. Gov.uk explained: "There are restrictions on the amount of liquids you can take in your hand luggage. "If possible, pack liquids in your hold baggage (luggage that you check in)." Gov.uk explained liquids aren't just obvious items such as bottles of water, but also include the following: DON'T MISSThe 'safest' seaside town in the UK has 'beautiful' beach [FULL LIST]Flight attendant warns passengers against using part of their seat [COMMENT]Hand luggage rules: 5 everyday items which 'can't go through security' [EXPLAINER] All of the above liquids must be carried in containers measuring no more than 100ml. Containers must be in a single, transparent, resealable plastic bag, which holds no more than a litre and measures approximately 20cm x 20cm. Contents must fit comfortably inside the bag so it can be sealed. The bag must not be knotted or tied at the tip and you must be able to show the plastic bag at airport security.