A new survey by CBD company, Dragonfly CBD, found that one in five Brits take a nap on “most days”. While 44 percent said they “sometimes” manage to nap. However, chemist and researcher for Dragonfly CBD - Doctor Tim Bond - said napping could potentially interfere with your sleep pattern. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he shared the optimal length of a nap. “While quick 10 to 20 minute naps have been shown to offer benefits, anything outside of this - longer naps, naps throughout the day or every day can have negative consequences - and actually disturb night-time sleep patterns further which is bad news,” he said. “Our bodies and brains love routine and are creatures of habit.” The survey showed younger adults are more likely to favour naps with a third of 18 to 29-year-olds saying they have one “most days”.  READ MORE: Lung cancer symptoms: Two signs in your breathing could signal a tumour – ‘Stay alert’ Doctor Bond noted that trouble sleeping for long periods of time could have an impact on our health and wellbeing. He said: “We need those seven to eight hours of sleep per night so the body and brain can rest and rejuvenate. “When this starts to be interrupted or out of sync then our moods, appetite regulation, stress and anxiety levels and the immune system can all become affected. “The Dragonfly CBD research poll shows that 73 percent think sleep can affect their physical health, and they are correct.   “Disturbed sleep over a prolonged period can start to cause real concern for other physical health leading to ailments and diseases such as the increased risk of weight gain, poor immune function, high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, low sex drive, and poor balance and coordination. “All bad news for our wellness.” The poll revealed that four out of 10 Brits feel tired “all the time”. “Real world research for Dragonfly CBD shows that on average we are clocking up around six hours of sleep per night (less than the recommended levels), with people saying they have trouble sleeping around three times per week - which is a grave health concern given the important role sleep plays in helping us live well and function,” Doctor Bond added.  READ MORE: Eyesight: The drink linked to cataracts risk - 'Significantly increases as you drink more' Undisturbed sleep is also important when it comes to feeling rested. It is needed to ensure our bodies go through key sleep cycles - rapid eye movement (REM) phases and non-REM phases. Doctor Bond said: “Each sleep cycle generally lasts around 90 minutes and if our sleep is interrupted, we go back to stage one and start going through the phases again.” He shared his top tips for sleeping well.  Exercise - We need to expend energy and make our bodies tired and ready for sleep. The endorphins we release with this also help us feel happier and less stressed, thus more relaxed. However, don’t exercise in the heat of the day but choose the coolest times of the day and avoid exercising right before bed otherwise you may have trouble falling asleep. Routine - The basis of good sleep. Once your body and brain know when it’s sleep time (or wake time) they will start to naturally fall into the same sleep pattern every night. Try and sleep and wake at the same time each day Sleep environment - Where you sleep matters. Make your bedroom a room you look forward to sleeping and relaxing in. Pay attention to the temperature of the room, keeping it cool and not too hot, and if the light then comes in consider some blinds or curtains that will keep the room dark Prioritise - Make sleep a top priority. Choose it over that extra episode of the latest series, or late-night drink and you will start to see the difference. 