Lorraine Kelly admitted she, like many others, put on weight during the coronavirus pandemic. But now, the TV presenter is on a mission to hit her “ideal weight” and has joined WW, formerly Weight Watchers to do so. Over the past few months, she has lost 1.5 stone, and her weight loss coach, Suzie Stirling, has revealed the diet guidelines Lorraine follows. Suzie said: “Your body needs to be fuelled with good food and you should always try and have a healthy breakfast.” Choosing a sensible breakfast will help you avoid reaching for a mid-morning snack. As for what Lorraine eats, she opts for a “bowl of porridge each morning topped with fruit” as it “fills her up” which means she is less likely to “reach for the pastries” that are always on offer at work. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes showcases weight loss in selfie with walking stick Alongside healthy breakfast choices, Suzie recommends preparing meals in advanced or bulk cooking. “For example, cook extra food in an evening meal and keep it for lunch the next day. This will save time and often money. You can also freeze meals and there are plenty of simple 5-minute lunch recipes on the WW app,” she explained. DON'T MISS...How to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge [EXPERT]Prince Charles’ new perfume blends scents of ‘wild pleasure & passion’ [SHOP]Grubby wall marks will 'disappear in seconds' with chemical-free spray [VIDEO] Bananas are a “superfood” and they are Lorraine’s “go-to snack” the weight loss coach revealed. Not only are they rich in goodness and healthy fibres, but they “help curb appetite” and are “incredibly versatile”. If the bunch of bananas start to turn brown before you get around to eating them, chop them up and pop them in the freezer to use in smoothies or ice cream at a later date. READ MORE: Michael Mosley shares which fruit skin you should be eating more of According to Suzie, there is “no such thing as ‘good’ or ‘bad’ food and nothing is off limits”. “Lorraine loves chocolate and had got into the habit of eating lots of it before bed,” she said. The TV presenter “didn’t want to give it up for good” so she switched to having pieces of fruit which she dips into a chocolate spread. “Moving is about more than going to the gym or running a 5K. It’s about finding an activity you love and will want to do whatever the weather,” Suzie said. Walking the dog in the morning, or using the stairs instead of a lift, Suzie also suggests doing a few stretches whilst watching TV. Finding small movements that can be built into “everyday life will make you feel better and help you reach your goal” she told The Sun. Lorraine chooses to walk her border terrier Angus every day, aiming to get 10,000 steps in. Suzie also revealed Lorraine booked herself onto a walking holiday in Spain, where she had to walk up and down a mountain each day.