Actress and TV presenter Kym Marsh is set to spend much of the winter training for this year's Strictly Come Dancing, however, when she does get a chance to hang up her dancing shoes, she will likely be spending time at home in Cheshire. The former Coronation Street star has spent the last few years transforming her busy family home into a deluxe and cosy haven. Kym lives there with her Army Major husband Scott Ratcliff, whom she tied the knot with in 2021. She regularly shares snaps at home with her three children David, Emilie, Polly, and two grandchildren. Luckily, there is plenty of space for all of the hustle and bustle in her five-bedroom property. Set in Warrington, Cheshire, the home features luxurious grey, velvet decor and furnishings throughout. READ MORE: ‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants Previously writing for her OK! Magazine column, Kym said: "My plan is to buy something bigger and nearer to my parent's house, which is where I wanted to live originally. "I’m also going to buy a house that doesn’t need any work. I feel really positive about the change as I’ve been toying with the idea for a while.” Since meeting her husband, the family moved into their gorgeous home. The actress has since posted images to Instagram revealing some unique details of the space. Her sitting room features a large fireplace and a unique Scandinavian-style coffee table made from wooden logs. A fluffy rug brings a comfortable atmosphere to the room, as well as several large lanterns and candles. The room has a high skirting board painted in a shade of light grey, with an off-white feature for the rest of the wall. There are also plenty of trinkets and snaps of the family dotted throughout. DON'T MIS10 kitchen upgrades which will ‘boost the value’ of your home [COMMENT]Kate Winslet’s quiet life in £4million West Sussex property [REVEALED]Cleaning on a budget: 10 surprising items to clean your home [EXPLAINER] In another snap of her family enjoying dinner and some glasses of wine, the former band member showed off her kitchen. The room boasts a stunning black marble island and matching worktops, while her kitchen cabinets are painted white. As night falls, the family can all enjoy a comfortable night's sleep, thanks to some incredible Chesterfield-style beds. Kym, her son David and daughter Polly each have a similar bed in varying shades of plush grey. Kym shared her thanks to local business @the_bedroom_centre who kitted out the bedrooms. In a post, she said: "Ordered once again from @the_bedroom_centre and as usual they have knocked it out of the park. And to top it all off they have called this new design Polly!! "I wouldn’t order a bed from anyone else anymore. They are family-run, Yorkshire-based business been going since 1978." [SIC]