House of the Dragon returned this week with some stomach-churning shots from the opening moments of the second instalment titled The Rogue Prince. Viewers watched as small crabs feasted off corpses with some victims still alive as the creatures crawled over them. The grisly scenes were the doing of a person known as the ‘Crabfeeder’. Express.co.uk takes a look at this new character and how he fits into Westeros. In House of the Dragon, Prince Daemon (played by Matt Smith) and Corlys ‘The Sea Snake’ Velaryon (Steve Toussaint) formed an alliance to take down the Crabfeeder. The Crabfeeder was the nickname of Myrish prince, Admiral Craghas Drahar, who was known by this moniker for sending his enemies to their deaths by nailing them to posts in the sea for the crabs to feast on their flesh. He served the Triarchy (also known as the ‘Three Daughters’), an alliance between Lys, Myr and Tyrosh who took over the Stepstones. The Stepstones were a group of islands in the Narrow sea near Dorne and they were inhabited by pirates and outlaws. READ MORE: Targaryen family tree: Who is the rightful heir to the Iron Throne? However, the Crabfeeder executed many of these pirates which initially the lords of Westeros were quite pleased about. The lords were willing to pay the Crabfeeder and the Triarchy a toll for safe passage every time they went through or near the Stepstones. Over time, Craghas and his cohorts became greedier, driving up the price of the toll which was hitting Corlys the hardest given the Sea Snake. To make matters, Lys was said to seek more than just money and even took women, girls and boys to serve as prostitutes and entertainers as part of their toll from the passing ships. This led Daemon and Corlys to formulate their plan to take down the Crabfeeder and in doing so carve out a piece of land for themselves and a legacy. Both men were still bitter after they were passed over for the crown and wanted something they could claim as their own. Daemon and Corlys attacked the Triarchy in 106AC (After the Conquest) with War for the Stepstones taking place over the following two years. During this time, the Crabfeeder and the Triarchy lost many battles to the combined forces of Corlys and Daemon. Finally, the Crabfeeder took Daemon on in hand-to-hand single combat with the Targaryen prince decapitating his foe using his Valyrian steel longsword Dark Sister. Daemon declared himself king of the Stepstones and the Narrow Sea with Corlys putting a crown on his head. Viserys (Paddy Considine) was happy to let his brother continue with his petty kingdom and waging war, feeling it kept Daemon out of trouble while he ruled over the Seven Kingdoms. The King even funded Daemon and Corlys’ war for the Stepstones as he sired more possible heirs and focused on Westeros. DON'T MISS...What are the House of the Dragon series 1 episode titles? [EXPLAINER]House of the Dragon star addresses their fate and Ned Stark comparison [INTERVIEW]Aegon’s dream explained: What is The Song of Ice and Fire dream? [EXPLAINER] But the victory over the Stepstones would be short-lived with a Tyroshi captain called Racallio Ryndoon replacing the Crabfeeder as its commander. To make matters worse, Dorne joined the Triarchy, despite technically being part of the Seven Kingdoms, and there was more fighting. Daemon remained the King of the Stepstones and the Narrow Sea and eventually returned from his exile from Westeros to reconcile with his brother Viserys. The two siblings made it up and Daemon would resume his place at court and as part of the council. House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky Atlantic on Mondays and streams on NOW