Naughty Boy has opened up about a "big adjustment" in his life after his mum was diagnosed with dementia. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the hitmaker, 41, candidly spoke about how his life has changed after becoming a carer for his mum. Naughty Boy, real name Shahid Khan, told how their dynamic has changed since her diagnosis with the disease three years ago. He said: "Caring for my mum has been the biggest adjustment in my life. "Having this huge responsibility of looking after this person and ensuring they’re safe and well can be overwhelming at times. "I wouldn’t be able to cope without our live-in carer, as well as the supportive friends and family I have around me," he added gratefully. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, joined by seven of his children in rare snap Shahid went on: "Having moved in with my mum to care for her, following her diagnosis of vascular dementia, we have become closer than ever - not just physically, but mentally and emotionally. "Our relationship truly has changed for the better." Th star went on to recall a beautiful moment his mum opened up to him. He said: "She often shares stories of her past, particularly about her younger years and I get to learn new aspects of her life that I never knew before. "She recently told me that she used to write poetry in college; she recited one of her poems in Urdu to me – it was really beautiful," the star said. Recently, Shahid revealed that his mum has gone through 3 live-in carers who had been employed to support her following her dementia diagnosis. Talking to Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond on This Morning, the star spoke honestly about caring for his mum. He said: 'It's easy to start thinking like a victim but it's when I started talking that everyone changed. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton bids farewell to F1 fans: 'Going to miss this energy' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker congratulates BBC's Carol Kirkwood for huge achievement [ANALYSIS]Strictly’s Adam Peaty opens up about ‘incredibly hard time’ [UPDATE] "I'm not alone in this. "We have a live-in carer for my mum, for the past three years and before I was Googling dementia, initially we went through 13. "But everyone needs to have that respite because, during Covid I was working from home as well," he explained. Shahid also revealed that his next album will be dedicated to his mum and will be called Heartland. He said: "Mum has always been our favourite person in the world, and that hasn't changed because of her dementia. "She had a stroke five years ago. And vascular dementia is a common side effect of a stroke. Mum's dementia kicked in three years go. "We knew something wasn't right. But until it became official, we just assumed it was something else. But once we knew, then the journey of dementia began. "I made mum the priority and that is something that will last forever," Shahid added.