British security services have launched an investigation after private emails from Sir Richard Dearlove, who was the head of MI6 between 1999 and 2004, to a group of Brexiteer friends were leaked and published online in May. The group discussed their frustrations at former Prime Minister’s Theresa May’s willingness to compromise with the Brussels bloc during Brexit negotiations.  The emails sent from August 2018 to July 2019 saw the group plot how they would campaign against Mrs May and her plans. The hackers gained access to the emails through Sir Richard’s friend, Gwythian Prins, a professor at the London School of Economics, according to Politico. The emails described a plan to create a hard Brexit campaign group in the summer of 2018 amid growing opposition to Mrs May’s proposed Chequers deal, which prompted the resignation of now outgoing PM Boris Johnson.  The group using the codename “Operation Surprise” was to be chaired by leave-supporting former Labour MP and peer Gisela Stuart with Sir Richard among a group of public figures who would sit on its advisory board. The emails, which appeared on a far-Left fringe website, told how Sir Richard “together with his former colleagues and CIA cronies conducted a successful intelligence operation against No 10”. It claimed the “coup plotters” now ran the UK Government.  READ MORE: Panicked Russians FLEE as explosions rock major city The leaked document said it would “block any deal” to leave the EU arising from the Chequers white paper, to “ensure that we leave on clean WTO terms” and “if necessary remove this prime minister and replace with one fit for purpose”. It added: “May has now been shown to be incapable of office.” The emails included discussions about Sir Richard commissioning research operations against the most senior British officials involved in the Brexit talks.  DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: China and Russia send ominous threat-50,000 troops amass [BLOG]Scholz calls for common EU air defence system to counter Russia [REVEALED]Putin receives chilling warning on coup to seize nuclear weapons [INSIGHT] But the group never got going, after Sir Richard said his sources had no valuable intelligence. Sir Richard confirmed in The Spectator that the hack was genuine, saying: “A number of citizens, concerned that the Brexit vote of 2016 was being subverted, met in a pub to see whether they could do something about it. “You might think this was a perfect example of grassroots democracy - except that nothing came of it, and the little group never met again.” A suspected Russian hack of personal emails sent by activist Paul Mason, a former British economics journalist, is also being investigated. Ross Burley, co-founder of the Centre for Information Resilience, told Politico “no one is immune from the threat” from Russia. He said: “Each day, the Kremlin and actors linked to it use disinformation, cyber attacks and propaganda to confuse and disrupt. No one is immune from the threat. “They are constantly adapting new techniques and channels to target journalists, politicians, government officials, academics and civil society actors with a variety of influence operations - including so-called ‘hack and leak’ operations.”