 The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are tipped to modernise the Royal Family in a series of moves to break down tradition. Prince William and Kate have begun their plan to defy royal custom by adopting an unconventional approach to raising their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Speaking to GB News, royal expert Charles Rae revealed: “We are going into a new style of Royal Family.”     Mr Rae added: “A much more friendlier and cuddlier royal family. “Certainly, with William and Catherine who are doing away with the protocol part. “There’s more than just the handshakes - there’s the cuddles, there’s the chats, there’s the laughter. “I think it’s all good for the future.”     Mr Rae’s perception of a “cuddlier” royal family came into view during the Platinum Jubilee, when the Cambridge children attended a series of weekend celebrations. Kate’s relationship with Prince Louis sparked joy across the nation as the Duchess laughed along with the cheeky antics of the young Prince during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. The close relationship between Prince William and Princess Charlotte was also revealed in a sweet video message of the pair wishing England’s Lionesses luck ahead of the Women’s Euro final. Recent developments are set to ensure the three Cambridge children also share a close bond with their great-grandmother, the Queen, as the family plan to relocate to a home in Windsor. Read more: Cambridges 'much more relatable' as school celebrates 'royal ethos'  As announced by Kensington Palace on Monday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are set to move to Windsor next month, settling with their young children in Adelaide Cottage. Their new home is a short 10-minute walk from Windsor Castle, bringing the Cambridges far closer to both Queen Elizabeth II and Kate’s family, who also live in the area. The couple will retain Kensington Palace as their London base, alongside Anmer Hall in Norfolk as another family residence. It has also been confirmed that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will enrol at Lambrook school, near Ascot, following the move. Don't miss: Prince Andrew protection allowance 'raises questions' on Harry's row [REPORT]Never thought I'd say this but the Royal Family's days are numbered [COMMENT]Kate and William 'out of touch' as Brits face living crisis [INSIGHT]  The Windsor move is reported to have been driven by the couple’s desire to give their children a conventional childhood. Adelaide Cottage is positioned in a far more private area, within the Windsor estate that also holds Frogmore Cottage, the UK home of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The privacy afforded by the new primary residence of the Duke and Duchess is tipped to offer their three children as normal a childhood as possible, taking a far more reserved approach than royal life has typically permitted. Read next: Vine caller erupts at William and Kate for 'doing no work' Kate and William's new home Adelaide Cottage has heartbreaking linkKate and William 'packed up the kids' in search of 'privacy' Prince William and Kate row sees Vine panellist slam caller Kate and William 'raise eyebrows' as they expand amount of homes