Caller Victoria went on a verbal rampage savaging the ongoing Prime Minister and other members of the Conservative Party like Jacob Rees-Mogg. Victoria, from Stanstead, discussed what she perceived as failings from the Conservative Government, one being the PPE supply blunder which took place during the pandemic. She then went on to criticise the leadership candidates Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, whilst Mr Wright claimed that Boris Johnson was more popular than both of them. There has been a lot of backlash caused by the leadership contest due to some Britons claiming the main focus should be on the cost of living crisis, and not on choosing a new Prime Minister. Victoria told LBC: "And I don't know if anybody else remembers as I do, I was quite keen for that PPE to arrive because my husband was abroad. "The flight was delayed and landed at the wrong airport, and then it was all the wrong stuff. "If Boris Johnson who has still got another week, if you look at the big picture we wouldn't all be choosing between heating and eating, lighting or throwing up with worry about what we're going to do this winter." "And Jacob Rees-Mogg is a national disgrace! And if I was a..." Mr Wright added: "But can I Victoria... Please just a moment Victoria, if you're just going to do a monologue I'm just going to cut you off because I would like to have a conversation that's what we do here. "Yeah, can we have a conversation?" Victoria said: "Yeah I'd love to."  JUST IN: British special forces teaching Zelensky's forces 'French resistance' tactic  Mr Wright said: "So Boris Johnson, I've heard what you have to say about him, but three times as many Tory supporters feel that he would be a better Prime Minister than Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak. "Now neither of them has had a chance to run the country yet, but just on that view, I hear everything you've said about Boris Johnson but Tory supporters think that Liz Truss is going to be three times worse, essentially." Victoria from Stanstead added: "Tory supporters would like to keep their jobs, Tory supporters if they want Boris Johnson back that tells you all you need to know about the calibre of Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak. "I think Rishi Sunak is high quality, but I don't think he'll pursue the want and the continuity of the ERG. "When Liz Truss went to Russia wasn't it that country that came back and said the woman was so useless we couldn't even have a meaningful conversation." Mr Wright said: "But then Russia aren't necessarily going to be the most helpful I would suggest, with comments like that." READMORE:'Get a spine!' Keir Starmer faces backlash from trade unions following picket line ban     Calls for the British Government to implement a proper financial plan in order to tackle the cost of living crisis before things are predicted to get worse in just a matter of weeks have been coming in fast. Ongoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson has faced criticism for going on holiday during the announcement of a looming economic crisis in Britain. Whichever leadership candidate takes over from Mr Johnson, has been encouraged to make the cost of living crisis their top priority, as many Britons are predicted to fall into poverty this winter. As many cannot afford the increased costs of food, energy and fuel. Both leadership candidates Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak have vowed to not let the working class down. DON’T MISS: 'Hawkish stance!' Liz Truss set to declare China an official threat if she wins No10 race[INSIGHT] Prince Charles attends traditional church service at Balmoral during break with Queen [REVEAL] Liverpool organised crime: Merseyside Police confirm 170 arrests in 'relentless' clampdown [SPOTLIGHT]    Leadership candidate Rishi Sunak has told the Sunday Express: “I won’t let working families and pensioners down."  