Washing machines are prone to unpleasant smells if they’re not regularly cleaned. Over time, a washing machine can become built up with mould and debris that can impact how clean your clothes are. Now, cleaning expert at The Home Depot have shared exactly how to clean a washing machine and which cleaning solutions to “avoid”. They said: “To ensure your clothes get clean don't forget about the machine. “Many manufacturers recommend that you clean the drum and seal every six months or as needed. “Be sure to follow the manufacturer’s safety guidelines and recommendations for your particular model. “Protect your washing machine by avoiding abrasive cleaners and never mix vinegar with bleach.” READ MORE: Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 Mixing bleach and vinegar can create a potentially lethal chlorine gas. The combination can create a pungent smell which can be dangerous. Those who notice a strong scent after mixing together two cleaning products should immediately leave the room. Bad-smelling washing machines may have mould in the drum.  DON'T MISSClean your oven with one lemon: How to eliminate grease with 30p trick [INSIGHT]‘Quickest way’ to revive your lawn right now - ‘repairs bare patches’ [UPDATE]‘Easy way’ to clean a stained toilet properly in 15 minutes [ANALYSIS] To remove this, the experts recommend using a washing machine cleaning tablet. They said “Start by emptying your washing machine. “Place the tablet in the tub of the washing machine. “Make sure not to put it in the dispenser. Then, run a normal cycle on the hottest water setting. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “When it's done, simply wipe away any remaining residue.” If you have a front-loading washing machine, make sure to give the rubber gasket “a good clean”. Peel back the rubber door seal to get inside the gasket with a paper towel. Wipe down the grooves of the rubber door seal and repeat as needed to get excess moisture out.  After cleaning the machine, run it on a final hot water cycle to give it a good rinse. Washing machine cleaning tablets can be found in most supermarkets. Dr.Beckmann Service-It Deep Clean costs £3.50 from Waitrose. Dylon 5 In 1 Deep Clean Action Washing Machine Cleaner costs £3.50 from Morrisons. Washing machines can also be cleaned using sofa crystals.