The Apprentice is a reality show unlike any other with 16 entrepreneurs battling it out to impress Lord Alan Sugar and his £250,000 investment prize. This time around, it was Harpreet Kaur's time to shine as she won him over with her Oh So Yum dessert parlours. Of course, it was a stressful journey getting to the final, made worse by one of the BBC show's house rules. Harpreet was one of the favourites to win The Apprentice from the get-go with her no-nonsense leadership style and determination to get the job done. She impressively won eight out of the 10 tasks with two of them leading the way as project manager. But throughout the competition, one element of starring in the show which Harpreet found hard was the lack of contact with her loved ones. The Apprentice 2022 winner exclusively told Express.co.uk that they could only speak to their families for 10 minutes every week. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed She explained: "What you see is what you get [with the show], bear in mind that we're tired, we're exhausted, we're stressed because we want to win the investment. "We haven't spoken to our family very much because you can only speak to them once a week so it's those extra pressures. "It was really difficult because I'm a family orientated girl, with my mum, my sisters and my niece we have a great bond and we look after each other, we have fun every day. "So it was tough because when you're going through something that means so much to you, you really want to win this investment and bring it home." But the 31-year-old from West Yorkshire used the thought of her family to persevere with The Apprentice. She added: "So my dessert company I started nearly seven years ago in September, I did it with my sister so it wasn't just my reputation on the line and my business it's both of ours so it meant so much more. "And usually, in business, me and my sister are together, we would have a chat, we'd discuss, we'd strategise. "There's no opportunity to do that, so it was tough but I kept going because I knew how much winning would mean and to bring that back home rather than missing home too much." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter [EXPLAINER]Karren Brady defends JK Rowling over controversial trans tweet [CAST]Lord Sugar sparks backlash over Donald Trump tweet as Ivana Trump dies [REACTION] Harpreet will soon be opening her third Oh So Yum dessert parlour, this time in the heart of Bradford. As well as building her business empire, she is working with insurance company Simply Business as a judge on their Business Boost campaign. The competition will see one lucky entrepreneur win £25,000 to support their business. Harpreet is judging the entries, along with ex-Dragons' Den star Piers Linney. "I can now help and inspire other people and for me, that's something I didn't realise I would get that out of the show. "I get messages all the time when people say, 'I've decided I'm going to do this with my business because I can see how relentless you are.' "So for me, that just gives me goosebumps, I love that people can follow their passion and realise their potential and have fun." The closing date for entries to Simply Business' Business Boost campaign is Wednesday, August 17. The Apprentice is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.