Hunting for the best EE broadband deals? While the company might be best known for its pay monthly phone contracts and 4G and 5G SIM deals, as Kevin Bacon repeatedly tells us in the latest telly adverts, EE now offers full-fibre home broadband. And these are some of the best broadband deals around, especially if you're looking for next-generation download speeds. EE relies on Openreach to connect to customers (perhaps not that surprising given that EE is owned by BT, which also owns Openreach), so anyone who can get BT broadband, Sky or Plusnet will be able to switch to EE broadband without any fuss. In fact, you won't even need an engineer to visit – plug in the new EE Wi-Fi router and you're off! Following recent rule changes from Ofcom, when switching to EE from another Openreach firm, your current broadband provider will sort out the changeover date for you, so you're never left without broadband. In fact, EE will even inform your current broadband provider about your decision to switch. Unfortunately, this doesn't apply if you're moving from Virgin Media (which has its own nationwide network of fibre broadband completely separate from Openreach), Hyperoptic, Three 5G broadband, or independent fibre suppliers. No, EE broadband is available to anyone. That said, there are some perks if you're already signed-up with the company for a pay monthly smartphone, tablet or SIM-only deal. EE offers an exclusive discount on its monthly broadband bills for existing customers. As such, the best EE broadband deals are reserved for loyal customers, with prices dropping by as much as £132 over the course of the 24-month contract if you have an EE SIM tucked inside your smartphone. That's a huge discount ...but the perks don't end there. For the fastest 500Mbps and 900Mbps packages, existing EE customers will also be gifted with 6- and 12-months of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, respectively. This subscription, worth £10.99 per month when bought separately, unlocks access to hundreds of Xbox and PC games to download and play – just like Netflix, but for games. Better yet, Microsoft-owned studios, like the teams behind the latest Halo, Forza Horizon, Gears of War and more, release their games on Xbox Game Pass on the same day that it's available to buy digitally and in stores. So you'll be able to download and start playing without delay. Using Microsoft's vast cloud infrastructure, Xbox Game Pass subscribers can also resume their games across a number of gadgets, including an iPad, PC, laptop, Xbox games console, or Samsung Smart TV. Since all of the heavy lifting is being carried out on Microsoft's servers, you'll only need a telly and a controller to play some of the most graphics-intensive blockbuster titles. And as if that wasn't enough, EE customers will also enjoy 20GB extra data on your phone every month with select broadband plans. For our money, the best value deal from EE is Full Fibre Max 100. If you're fortunate enough to have the latest fibre-optic cables in your area (Openreach has currently upgraded around eight million homes, with plans to reach 25 million premises by December 2026, this is undoubtedly the package to pick. That's because EE customers will pay the same amount as EE charges for its Fibre Plus deal, which tops out at 74Mbps (only slightly faster than the UK average home broadband connection). In comparison, Full Fibre Max 100 offers average speeds of 100Mbps. It also arrives with a one-year free subscription to Norton Security Premium, protecting up to 10 devices. EE is one of only a few companies with all of its call centres based in the UK and Ireland. There's also an app to make managing your broadband bills, upgrading, and troubleshooting as simple as possible. We've rounded up the rest of EE's broadband deals below... Unfortunately, there isn't a single answer to this conundrum. It depends on what you plan to do with your home Wi-Fi network, how patient you are, and how much you're willing to spend. The average download speed for home broadband in the UK sits at 70Mbps, as measured earlier this year. To put that figure into context, Netflix recommends a minimum of 5Mbps to stream its boxsets and movies in 1080p High Definition. As such, 70Mbps is more than enough to watch the latest season of Stranger Things or Bridgerton on Netflix, make a video call on WhatsApp or FaceTime, or share an album of your latest snaps on Facebook. But busier households, with multiple people attempting to do all of these things simultaneously – at peak times – could start to struggle. That's because your broadband connection is like a motorway. And each of these individual tasks, while well under the 70Mbps total bandwidth, starts to add up. That can create a serious bottleneck. For busy households, with multiple people working or schooling from home, children watching their own TV shows on Netflix and Disney+ in different rooms, music and radio streamed to smart speakers, video calls and software downloads ...you'll ideally be aiming for a broadband deal that offers between 100 - 200Mbps for a buffer-free life. The fastest speeds from EE broadband currently sit at 900Mbps. That's ludicrously fast and, unless you're planning on starting a small business from your living room, have more smart home gadgets than you know what to do with, or make a living by streaming yourself on Twitch or publishing to YouTube and cannot possibly wait a second for something to load – this is probably a little overkill for your needs. MORE LIKE THIS