Queen Letizia of Spain, 49, stepped out in Mallorca on Friday night donning a new black and white dress. The Spanish monarch was accompanied by her immediate family for dinner at the Ola de Mar restaurant in Palma de Mallorca. This included her husband King Felipe, her mother-in-law Queen Sofia, Princess Irene of Greece (Sofia's sister), and Letizia's daughters Leonor and Sofia, who wore gorgeous dresses of their own. The Queen of Spain attended Friday night dinner dressed in a new dress from Mango. The Floral Print A-Line Midi Dress retailed for just £49.99, making it a bargain purchase. The description on the website says: "A beautiful side slit midi dress in a black and white floral print. "Featuring an A-line shape, cut-out detail and rounded neck." READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says The cut-out detail was on the monarch's waist, which made her look fantastic. The Queen wore a new pair of Jack Rogers flat sandals in black. The description on the website says: "Our Jacks Flat showcases our signature whip stitch and rondelle, both details that are done by hand on each pair.   "Due to this craftsmanship, no pair of Jacks is exactly the same!" These sandals sell for $128, or roughly £106. Queen Letizia opted for a pair of earrings she already owned from Tous Jewellery. READ MORE: Kate Middleton now wears the Queen's most expensive jewel worth £66.3m  The black diamond long string earrings were last seen worn by the monarch in 2018 on a state visit to Peru. As they are no longer in stock it is unclear how much the diamond earrings cost. Royal fans took to social media to praise Letizia's style. Instagram user @esra_zen said: "I love Mango it's my favourite thrifty brand."  Similarly, @rletizia08 added: "Jack Rogers all leather sandals are so comfortable with a little heel or flats. "I'm happy to see Queen Letizia wearing them, I have them too in a number of colours, they are my favourites." Another fan, @graceofmonacogram wrote: "Stunning cut-outs!" Royal watcher @catherine.duncan48 commented: "Another beautiful dress, she looks really good." 