Saving at the moment will be difficult as rising inflation and the cost of living crisis puts a strain on pockets. However, savings challenges are not true for everyone. The base rate is currently 1.75 percent, with a historic rise occurring just a few weeks ago. It means some fortunate individuals will have more disposable income available to them - for a myriad of reasons. Age, job security, seniority, and savings due to the pandemic could mean people can prioritise their savings. But while providing oneself with a financial cushion is likely to be beneficial, there are also tax implications to bear in mind. READ MORE: Retirement age to rise past 70 - state pensioners forced back to work Express.co.uk spoke to Will Davies, Chief Deposits Officer at Ford Money, who discussed some of the issues people may be unaware of. He said: “Every UK citizen is entitled to a personal savings allowance, which allows them to earn interest on their savings without paying taxes on it. “An individual's tax bracket determines the standard Personal Allowance threshold for savings. “After the allowance, a basic rate taxpayer earns up to £37,700. A high-rate earner earns between £31,093 and £150,000 per year. Earners on the additional rate earn more than £150,000 per year. DON'T MISS‘Huge help!’ Pensioners warned last chance to secure extra £650 [LATEST]‘More despair’ for older Britons as inflation hike cripples retirement [INSIGHT]‘Utterly helpless!’ Woman ‘distressed’ after state pension stopped [ANALYSIS] “The PSA is not available to additional rate earners, whereas basic and higher rate earners are eligible for a £1,000 and £500 allowance, respectively. Certain individuals may find they inadvertently exceed their Personal Allowance - which should be borne in mind. For example, if a basic rate saver were to use an account with a 1.55 percent rate of return, saving £65,000, they will have exceeded their £1,000 PSA threshold. They will therefore have to pay tax on any additional interest earned - which many people will be keen to avoid. READ MORE: Mum explains how she earns extra £230 for just two hours work a week Mr Davies continued: “PSAs, like all systems, have drawbacks, one of which is that the rate has not changed in six years. “As the country faces economic pressure, interest rates continue to rise, which is great news, but an increasing number of people will face an additional tax burden as they reach tax allowance thresholds. “This is especially frustrating because saving should be encouraged as a healthy part of a person's financial portfolio and thus be tax-free. “When the cost-of-living crisis is taken into account, saving is no longer an option; it is a necessity, and savers should not be penalised but rather rewarded for wanting to build a safety net.” But the expert stated it does not have to be all doom and gloom, as savers have other options for maximising savings. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This includes Individual Savings Accounts (ISA) with the ability to save up to £20,000 per tax year tax-free. There are a number of efficient ISAs which can shield customers from paying tax on amounts up to £20,000 per annum. Mr Davies therefore urges people to consider opening an ISA if they have not done so already - and if they feel this is an appropriate choice for them. It should be noted, however, that each person can only open one ISA per tax year. Mr Davies states it is critical for high earners to use their full ISA allowance each tax year, if they have the means to do so. He added: “Failing to do so essentially means foregoing the possibility of free money. “As a result, it is critical that savers shop around for the best ISA rate as well as any other benefits that they desire.”