Trixie (Helen George) has been part of Call the Midwife’s core cast since the show began a decade ago, and her sudden exit left fans devastated. However, boss Heidi Thomas has confirmed the fan favourite will be returning to our screens once again and teased some exciting news is in store.   The star last appeared on the BBC show at the end of episode five in season 11. After Trixie made the decision to leave to care for her family member, fans were left wondering what it meant for her and Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix). Viewers had watched their relationship start to blossom after their friendship began to turn into something more. With news that Trixie will be returning for the upcoming 12th series of the show, producer Heidi teased a wedding could be on the horizon along with a new member joining the cast.   “Something rather wonderful happens to Trixie," the showrunner teased. “Lucile has to contend with a reasonable amount of sadness, and what else can I say?" “We have a new nun coming to join the line-up, Sister Veronica," Heidi added to Radio Times. Fans have been speculating a wedding is in store for Trixie and Matthew after The BBC show confirmed her return in May.   On Call the Midwife’s official Twitter account, they shared a behind-the-scenes snap of a glamorous Trixie to their 97,100 followers. They captioned it: “Behind the scenes on the #CallTheMidwife Christmas Special 2022: Trixie prepares..." (sic) Excited fans rushed to reply to the snap, with Sarah Glaze commenting: “A Christmas wedding perhaps?” Jane Ireland pleaded: “Oh, please let it be a wedding for Trixie and Matthew."   Helen stepped away from the show because she was pregnant when the series was being filmed. The 40-year-old welcomed her second daughter Lark into the world at the end of 2021 with partner and Call the Midwife co-star Jack Ashton, who plays Reverend Tom Hereward. Elsewhere in Heidi’s interview, she spoke about what people can expect in the new series. She added: “Series 12, which we’re filming at the moment, is set in 1968.   “Women’s lives were incredibly different. Abortion had been legalised. Domestic violence was something that was being talked about more openly." Heidi added that during this time, the pill was also introduced and women's experiences were changing. The producer said it would be "impossible" to make a drama on women during the 50s and 60s that feels repetitive because they were all looking outward and questioning the world. Call the Midwife is available to stream on BBC iPlayer   