When a motorist reaches the age of 70, they are required to renew their driving licence every three years. Renewal is free of charge and any elderly drivers will be sent a letter reminding them to renew before they turn 70. Drivers should apply for any categories covered on their old licence, if they still want to be able to drive them after they renew their licence. If they don't apply for any categories previously covered, they will only be able to drive a car in future. Reminding drivers on Twitter, the DVLA wrote: “Renewing your licence at 70 is easy to do online, plus it’s quick and secure.” The DVLA will send older people a D46P application form 90 days before their 70th birthday. READ MORE: Man helps strangers escape £130 fines from notorious traffic camera All drivers are advised to apply for a new licence online, as paper applications may be subject to delays. Julie Lennard, DVLA chief executive, said: "Drivers looking to renew their licence at 70 and over should use our online service which is secure, free of charge, and also the quickest and easiest way to transact with DVLA. "Customers usually receive their driving licence in just five days. “Always remember to always use Gov.uk when using any of DVLA's many online services." DON'T MISSTwo 20mph speed limit roads in Wales facing axe after three months [IMPORTANT]'Gutted' driver handed £70 parking fine despite entering car details [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to avoid popular fuel type which will increase costs [WARNING] According to West Midlands Police, if someone is caught driving without the correct licence they could face a fine of up to £1,000. It may also come with up to six penalty points or they could be disqualified from driving. The Government agency also warned drivers about middleman companies attempting to rip people off. These scammers will often promise shorter delivery times or cheaper processing and may be seen higher up in Google search results. Renewing licences has been made easier in recent weeks as the DVLA announced major changes designed to speed up the process. On July 20, the DVLA announced changes which enable healthcare professionals other than doctors to complete DVLA medical questionnaires. This would take place following any notification of a medical condition that may affect an individual’s driving. Specialist nurses and opticians are among the healthcare professionals now able to complete DVLA medical questionnaires. This is part of an approach by the DVLA to improve and speed up the medical licencing process. It is hoped that it will also reduce the burden on doctors when filling out medical questionnaires. An amendment to the Road Traffic Act 1988 means a wider pool of registered healthcare professionals, other than doctors, can now be authorised to provide information where a driver has declared a medical condition. Roads Minister Baroness Vere praised the changes, saying it would benefit both drivers and healthcare workers. She said: “Obtaining or renewing a driving licence should always be a quick, simple and efficient process.”