The next few days are forecasted to be very hot and the Met Office has issued an amber warning for a heatwave that could pose a severe threat to vulnerable people as well as the wider population. Forecasting models published by The Weather Outlook showed high temperatures of up to 36C degrees on Saturday, with the heatwave set to continue through the coming week. But despite the heatwave, meteorologists warn about heavy rain and scattered thunderstorms that may hit areas across the country. In particular, rain is predicted on Sunday in Northern Isles and Southwest Scotland, while on Monday, storms could be developed in Southwest England and Wales, as shown on the maps. Meteorologist Brian Gaze from The Weather Outlook told Express.co.uk: "By Monday and Tuesday next week, high pressure will star slipping away a little bit. "So the pressure will be falling and that increases the chance of thunderstorms - probably going to be very hit and miss. READ MORE: Dog owners issued urgent warning over pets' paws as they swelter in UK "It's very difficult to say which areas are most at risk at some moment, possibly the western part of the UK. "The forecasting models show good potential for large amounts of rain, but very localised." High temperatures are however set to persist even during the thunderstorms, the meteorologist explained. The above video shows the prediction of how the thunderclouds will move across the country next week.  Mr Gaze said: "But it may well be staying very hot, and we could see temperatures remaining over 30C degrees on Monday and Tuesday, maybe even Wednesday. "There's quite a lot of uncertainty about how it's going to develop and just how widespread those thunderstorms will become during the first part of next week." The Met Office UK long-range weather forecast for next week reads: "The Northern Isles, and perhaps far northwest Scotland, may see cloud and patchy drizzle at times. "From Monday, areas of rain or showers can be expected. Developing from the southwest, we may see showers turning thundery throughout the week across southwest England and Wales. DON'T MISS: 'Crazy’ hosepipe ban rules mean some people CAN still water their lawnThames Water hosepipe ban: Major UK supplier confirms temporary banOxfordshire village becomes first in UK to run out of water "Meanwhile the southeast may see more generally rainy conditions. More changeable weather prevails through this period, with risk of heavier showers or thunderstorms continuing, but clear and dry spells in between become possible for many." Thunderstorms occur due to the existence of cumulonimbus clouds, otherwise known as ‘The King of Clouds’, according to the Met Office. These are menacing-looking multi-level clouds, extending high into the sky in towers or plumes, and they are the only clouds that can produce hail, thunder and lightning. They are associated with extreme weather such as heavy torrential downpours, hail storms, lightning and even tornadoes.