KSI will be fighting two fights in one night this evening at the O2 Arena, London. The first against rapper Swarmz and the second versus professional journeyman boxer Luis Pineda. KSI will be hoping to impress as he edges closer to a fight with Jake Paul who is expected to be in attendance. The fight will be broadcast live on DAZN PPV for a subscription fee plus a pay-per-view add-on, however, the YouTube boxing event can be listened to for free via the radio. Here, Express Sport gives you all the details on how to do that. Radio coverage talkSPORT has the exclusive radio broadcast rights to the event. Coverage will start at 7pm on talkSPORT 2 before switching over to talkSPORT at 9pm. The event can be listened to through the talkSPORT website, app or via DAB digital radio on 1089 or 1053 AM. Fight time and venue KSI's fights with Swarmz and Pineda will go ahead on Saturday, August 27. KSI opens up the bill with his first fight against Swarmz at 7.10pm UK time and then closes it against Pineda at around 10pm. Pineda has a pro record of 2 wins and 5 losses while Swarmz has never boxed before. The fight is being held at the O2 Arena in London. TV channel/Live stream KSI vs Swarmz and Pineda can be watched live on DAZN PPV in the UK. The fight will cost £11.99 to watch, on top of your £7.99-a-month subscription. The event can also be live streamed via the DAZN app, which is available for download onto all good internet-connected devices. Full Card KSI vs Luis Alcaraz Pineda Faze Temper vs Slim King Kenny vs Faze Sensei Deji vs Fousey Sam Hyde vs IAMTHMPSN Salt Papi vs Andy Warski Deen the Great vs Evil Hero KSI vs Swarmz MORE BOXING NEWS... KSI fired warning as boxing opponent Swarmz vows to confront Jake Paul Dubois 'not ready' for Usyk or Fury after 'horrific' last opponent Joshua told to take 'spicy' clash after Usyk as part of fight plan Quotes KSI: “With me fighting Swarmz, I felt like it wasn’t enough. I’ll probably get rid of him in one round. I thought it was cute he made a little diss track, it’s the only good thing he’s done in so many years musically. “You’re gonna swing for me and realise I’m not there and I’m gonna jab the f*ck out of you.” Swarmz: “If you knock me out first round, I will delete Instagram - I’m not Alex Wassabi, I’m not Joe Weller - I’m different.