Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is ‘livid’ at the club’s failure to sufficiently back him in this summer’s transfer window, according to reports. The Red Devils have signed Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen so far. And they’d also love to recruit Frenkie de Jong, too, with the Netherlands international still the club’s top target. Manchester United have had a slow transfer window. Ten Hag had gone into the summer hoping to land the likes of De Jong and Darwin Nunez but, with the clock ticking down, neither player has arrived. Nunez has moved to Liverpool instead, while United are still battling to land De Jong from Barcelona despite the complexities involved in any potential deal. Now, Stretty News say Ten Hag was ‘livid’ a week ago at the club’s failure to sufficiently back him. But, when it comes to De Jong, the club’s pursuit of the Barcelona star remains very much alive. It’s claimed the 25-year-old’s situation, for now, remains the same. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Yet it’s also stated United are still optimistic as they continue their chase, despite Chelsea also emerging as potential suitors for the Netherlands international. The report says De Jong is yet to formally speak to either club, however. And that stance won’t change until Barcelona cough up the cash they owe their No 21 after the midfielder agreed to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020. The Catalan giants are due to pay De Jong around £14m after he agreed to a temporary deduction in salary. And, for now, it seems like both Premier League sides will have to be patient as they look to lure the player away from Barcelona this summer. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already United do appear to be working on alternatives, however. And they’re close to landing Adrien Rabiot from Juventus, having agreed to pay a fee in the region of £17m for the France international. Regarding United and their transfer business, meanwhile, Gary Neville recently claimed the Red Devils had ‘a lot’ riding on the deal for De Jong. “There’s a lot on that De Jong deal,” said Neville. “Just generally. Not just for the team but for the club, the new operation, so they can get a deal over the line. “There are three scenarios. One is that they get him, they look smart, they look patient, they look like they’ve bided their time and got the deal that they wanted. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Or, he stays at Barcelona. Which I think could be slightly embarrassing given the relationship the manager’s got with the player. “Or the horrific outcome is that, he doesn’t just leave Barcelona, he goes to Chelsea - a competitor in the Premier League. “That wouldn’t be a good outcome for United’s recruitment department. I think that would cause problems in the next few weeks. “At the moment, it might be in two or three weeks Ronaldo settles down, says he’s staying, the football they’ve played in pre-season has been great, they might get De Jong over the line, all of a sudden you’re thinking: oh wow, it could be United.” Neville does suspect, however, that Ten Hag is the reason United are still at the table. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Look if the manager has a relationship with the player, you’d have thought United would have abandoned that deal ages ago,” he said. “If Ten Hag trusts, knows, looks…they’d have surely aborted that mission weeks ago. “You’ve got to read between the lines a little bit and think he must be getting told something that we’re not. “If he’s said ‘no I’m not coming I want to stay at Barcelona’ or ‘I want to go to London to play in the Champions League’, surely at that point United would have said ‘we’re out of the race for Frenkie de Jong. “That they’re still in it, there must be something there.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here