Stefanos Tsitsipas was denied the chance to outdo the likes of Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal by winning titles on all three surfaces this season. The Greek was surprisingly beaten by Borna Coric in the final of the Cincinnati Open. Coric won in two sets to win his second title of the year. He took the first set following a tiebreak, before breezing past Tsitsipas 6-2 in the second. Tsitsipas had been the favourite to win the final following an impressive year. He has won titles on both grass and clay in 2022, and a win in Cincinnati would have seen him win on each of the surfaces. No other player has done so this season. But the in-form Coric, who beat several high-ranked players to reach the final, including Nadal, proved a tough test. Tsitsipas was disappointed with the defeat, implying that he was not mentally ‘present’. JUST IN: Djokovic gets US Open ban indication as tournament release protocols “I'm still looking for the answer myself. I don't have a clear answer,” Tsitsipas told reporters afterwards. ”He was obviously the opposite of what I was, very much involved. Sometimes it makes you not be that much present in the moment when you're too relaxed. “I think he was serving well. He was making me move a lot. I could have used my chances in the first set. I don't know why I didn't. I rushed a little bit.” Coric beat Nadal, Lorenzo Musetti, Roberto Bautista Agut, Felix Auger-Aliassime and Cameron Norrie on his way to defeating Tsitsipas. Each of the world No 152’s opponents were ranked in the top 35. The Croatian will now rocket up the rankings to No 29. DON'T MISS...US Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity matchRoger Federer hints that injury comeback is closer than everNadal concern shot down by tennis legend ahead of US Open title bid “I have no words, to be honest. It's just an unbelievable feeling,” Coric said afterwards. “Like I said many times, I [am] just going to enjoy this. I thought I could play well. I was training hard, and I knew I could play good tennis, but that I could play this level tennis, I was just not aware. I'm just super happy. “I believe always in myself. But again, [it was unlikely] to win the tournament when last week I was really playing poorly,” Coric said. “I didn't believe I'm going to win the tournament.” Coric has to perform 30-90 minutes of shoulder exercises every day after undergoing surgery in May 2021. He said earlier in the week: “If I want to do my job, which is to play tennis, I need to do this, otherwise I cannot play tennis. “I don’t think it’s a huge sacrifice to have an extra 30 minutes of work to get to play tennis. You get to do what you love, it’s not a huge deal. If I usually come one hour before practice, now I need to come one and a half hours. That’s it. It’s not a big deal.”