Mrs Hinch fans often take to social media to share cleaning advice on a variety of topics. Asking for help on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Alison Padgett wrote: “My washing machine smells a lot. I have done a really hot wash and it hasn’t done anything. Can you help?” The post was commented on more than 60 times with cleaning enthusiasts sharing their top tips. Washing machine smells are commonly caused by a combination of mould, mildew and bacteria. Over time, soap scum, body oil and hair can also get caught inside the machine. This is why it is important to clean the washing machine regularly. Taking to the comments, several Mrs Hinch fans recommended using bicarbonate of soda and vinegar. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers revive period home for under £7k Darren Fulbrook said: “I use bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar on a hot wash. “I do this once a month and the smells disappear. Put them in the machine as it fizzes and cleans the drum.” Lisa Cassar wrote: “Have you tried white vinegar? “You can use it to clean and also use it as a fabric softener replacement, works a treat. DON'T MISS:‘Wow factor’ flowers to plant in August [EXPLAINER]Home improvements which won’t add value to your property [COMMENT]How to make natural ‘homemade’ oven degreaser for 50p [EXPERT]  “Softener and washing powder are not good for your machine.” Bicarbonate of soda is a natural deodoriser and cleanser, and it also softens the water. Commonly used in baking, the product can be picked up for as little as 50p. When combined with white vinegar, the duo create a natural cleaning solution which can help to target many household problems, including limescale. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended leaving the washing machine door open. This will help the moisture to escape, preventing bacteria from building up. Hazel Cooke said: “After using the machine leave it open for a few days. “I leave mine open every night and it works.” Soda crystals were also recommended by cleaning enthusiasts who said they can also help to target stains. Sue Hudson said: “Soda crystals.” Sarah Jane commented: “Soda crystals in with each wash and leave the door open, works a treat.” Soda crystals can be purchased from stores including B&M and Wilko.