Wesley Fofana headed straight down the tunnel after the full-time whistle as Leicester were held to a disappointing 2-2 drew with Brentford at the King Power Stadium. The Foxes were flying in their Premier League opener against the Bees when Timothy Castagne and Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall put them two goals in front before second-half goals from Ivan Toney and Josh DaSilva saw Thomas Frank's side snatch a point in the East Midlands. The late capitulation adds to the growing frustration at the club with Leicester still yet to make a summer signing. Manager Brendan Rodgers has already warned supporters the situation is unlikely to change, either. Chelsea are continuing to probe for Fofana and his actions at the full-time whistle were telling as he headed straight down the tunnel, back to the changing rooms. The Blues have already seen two offers - the latest worth a whopping £70m - rebuffed by the Foxes, who continue to insist their defender is not for sale. But Fofana's head is clearly elsewhere, as he continues to wait for Chelsea to strike a deal with Leicester. There was evidently frustration with the late collapse and poor result, feelings that could well push Fofana closer to the exit door. His stats would suggest he was one of Leicester's standout performers this afternoon as the 21-year-old made five interceptions. He also made two tackles, two clearances and won five of his seven duels with the Brentford forwards, none of which were able to dribble past him in 90 minutes. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.