Everton manager Frank Lampard has urged Chelsea to make their final play for Anthony Gordon soon if they want any chance of signing him this summer. Lampard plans to set a deadline on Everton's outgoings days before the clock strikes 11pm on September 1 amid the Blues' reported interest in a £60million deal. Chelsea are pushing forward with their attempts to lure Gordon to the club in the final days of the transfer window after finally agreeing a record deal for Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana. After seeing an opening £45m offer rejected, new owner Todd Boehly is ready to back Thomas Tuchel and raise the money tabled to around £60m. But Lampard has suggested his former club need to get a move on if they want to avoid running out of time in their Gordon pursuit. He told reporters: "Yeah, we are at that situation [of setting a deadline]. We have drawn a red line, it is very difficult, so there absolutely has to come a time where we have to understand what the squad is going to be. "Especially a player of the level of Anthony, I have to know he is going be here, and the good thing is here at the club, myself and everybody involved upstairs have the same kind of thinking, so there will be no doubts on that front." JUST IN: Manchester United already 'surprised' by Casemiro ahead of Southampton  Asked if the deadline would be after Brentford's visit to Goodison Park this weekend, Lampard responded: "I can't quite go there [in telling you a specific deadline], but in seriousness, there is that point. I won't say where it is, but I think you understand I am getting very close to it." Lampard continued by claiming Chelsea hadn't yet submitted a £60m offer for Gordon and that he's available for selection against the Bees. And the Toffees boss is confident the England U21 ace wouldn't be distracted if a switch to Stamford Bridge doesn't materialise this summer. READ MORE: Adama Traore to Tottenham transfer doubt as Wolves star 'happy'  "Absolutely [his head won't be turned], he is a very good lad, he appreciates what this club has done for him and what he has done for the club, and he loves the club," Lampard explained. "I know from the conversations I have had with him that this will not be anything but committed. This has to be a positive for Anthony, whatever. My feeling is he is going to be a top, top player for club and country, and these are all experiences he is going to gather over his career. "So what he will have to do is just take those experiences and get a bit better for them. Once we get through this patch and he is an Everton player, he just has to get his head down and keep working the way he is working and the way he has done since I have been here, and his career is going to go in one direction after that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here