Fake or Fortune host Fiona Bruce visited a couple called Ian and Julie Herrington in Surrey in the latest instalment of the BBC programme to see a piece of art which was painted directly onto a wall in their home. Fiona and her team discovered the abstract piece of art was worth between £50,000 and £100,000 as it was painted by artists Ben Nicholson and Fred Murray. Fiona was desperate to know if the couple could get the painting off their wall in one piece. The striking piece was displayed in the spare bedroom of their cottage near Guilford which had been owned by Ian and Julie for the past 20 years. They had previously been told it was an original Nicholson painting by an elderly neighbour who knew the previous owners. However, finding out the truth had become a matter of urgency as their home was undergoing construction work which could seriously damage the art. The couple turned to the BBC series for the investigative skills of art dealer Philip Mould and presenter Fiona. READ MORE: The Repair Shop star 'nervous' over restoration of Judi Dench item The pair consulted specialists of the artist, museum curators and the family of the home's previous owner to find out answers. If the painting was to be a genuine Nicholson piece, Philip had estimated it could be worth £200,000 as the artist was regarded as "a key figure in European avant-garde" and his artworks have sold for more than £1million. This particular artwork depicted a lot of geometric shapes and bright colours which were evident in Nicholson's other works. The team later discovered Nicholson had been close friends with the former owners of the Surrey cottage and found a letter sent between them.   Fred Murray had also been a painter and sculptor and a sponsor of Nicholson in his early years. After the art experts considered the letters proving Nicholson stayed at the cottage they concluded he was likely to have partially created the piece. Their evaluation said: "We are of the opinion that this work does contain elements consistent with the work of the artist Ben Nicholson. "However, we also strongly believe that parts of the composition are by a different hand, most likely that of Fred Murray.  DON'T MISS...Fiona Bruce insisted she’s not a 'career monster' amid motherhood [LATEST]Fiona Bruce opens up on private hobby away from TV [INTERVIEW]Antiques Roadshow guest elated over Rolling Stones signature valuation [MUST SEE] "It's our conclusion that this artwork is probably an informal collaborative piece, and potentially the results of a playful artistic dialogue between Ben Nicholson and his close friend and supporter, Fred Murray." Philip added: "We're dealing with something most unusual - a collaboration with Ben Nicholson and another artist, something he wasn't known to have done." The couple were left speechless, as was Fiona when he estimated it was worth between £50,000 and £100,000. Ian said: "I am glad we kept it, that's brilliant. It's coming off the wall, without a doubt."   "It's too fragile anyway and it needs looking after," he added while looking ahead. Fiona exclaimed while crossing her fingers: "So the next step is to try and get it off the wall." After weeks of careful planning, the wall painting was successfully removed from the couple's wall. Fake or Fortune continues on Tuesdays at 8pm on BBC One. 