Barcelona star Memphis Depay is evaluating an offer to return to Manchester United, according to reports in Spain. The Netherlands international previously spent 18 months at Old Trafford earlier in his career. And, now, a potential move back to his old club may be on the cards as he weighs up his future. Depay was signed by Barcelona on a free transfer from Lyon last summer, with the 28-year-old joining as a replacement for Lionel Messi - who departed to Paris Saint-Germain. However, despite netting 13 goals for the Catalan giants, the Netherlands international is free to find a new club as the clock ticks down. Depay is currently in England, having flown to London for leisure on Monday. Yet at a time where he’s being linked with a return to United, Mundo Deportivo say he’s now ‘evaluating an offer’ to go back to Old Trafford. Many believe the club’s transfer business to be over in the wake of their decision to splurge £84million on Antony, a deal that makes the 22-year-old their second most-expensive signing of all time. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Yet, in a late twist, it’s said Ten Hag would still like to sign a striker before the window slams shut on Thursday. Depay had previously been expected to join Juventus, yet a move to Serie A has collapsed with the Old Lady landing Arkadiusz Milik on loan from Marseille instead. And that works well for United, with Depay now pondering other options - with the Red Devils one of them. A striker is being eyed at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo could leave, with the Portugal international hoping to join a Champions League team in the coming days. United have been tight-lipped when quizzed on Depay by Express Sport - and the fact they’ve not shut down speculation suggests there may be something in the links. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him If a move does take place, the Red Devils will be bringing back a maturer, deadlier version of the player they sold five-and-a-half years ago. When United signed Depay back in the summer transfer window of 2015, under Louis van Gaal, hopes were high he’d become a club legend. The Netherlands international was snapped up as a replacement for Angel Di Maria, who jumped ship to PSG after just a year in English football. Things started well enough, with Depay netting a memorable brace during a Champions League qualifying win over Club Brugge at Old Trafford. However, he’d struggle to retain a place in the side before being offloaded by Jose Mourinho in the January transfer window of 2017. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Depay had been hoping for a fresh start under the Portuguese, having seen his relationship with Van Gaal crumble towards the end of the Dutchman’s time in the dugout. Yet that didn’t happen, with the Netherlands international sold after making just four Premier League appearances since Mourinho’s appointment. Speaking in 2019, meanwhile, former Arsenal star Robert Pires expressed a belief Depay had ‘unfinished business’ in the Premier League. As well as United, Tottenham have also been linked with the 28-year-old amid the uncertainty over his Barcelona future. And Pires said: "I think Depay wants to come back to the Premier League and he feels he has unfinished business in England. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "It didn't work out for him at Manchester United and Depay is a very proud player. “He perhaps feels he wasn't given a chance to perform and earn the right to stay longer considering he was so young and showed glimpses of undoubted potential. “Depay might want to return to Manchester United or he might be motivated to prove them wrong by performing for one of their rivals in the Premier League." Depay isn’t the only player who may leave Barcelona before Thursday’s deadline. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Sergino Dest, Miracle Mpjanic, Abde and Martin Braithwaite are also surplus to requirements over in Catalonia. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here