A Hertfordshire resident named Karen Wilson was reportedly left with “palpitations” after she received a parking fine at her local leisure centre. She said the fine was “unfairly” given to her as parking is free of charge to leisure centre users. Ms Wilson has struggled with her mental health and battles with severe depression and anxiety, HertsLive reported. In a bid to improve her mental health, she joined the Laura Trott Leisure Centre in Cheshunt. Noticing an improvement in her depression, Ms Wilson took up swimming several times a week, meeting several other people with physical and mental challenges who were also trying to improve their quality of life. However, the motorist now feels that she has taken one step forward and two steps back in her mental health journey as a result of the unexplained ticket. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued to diesel car drivers in the UK amid law change Typically, members of the centre would park in the Windmill Lane Car Park and then enter their registration into a machine that was located inside the reception. However, this has recently been stopped, according to Ms Wilson. She explained: "Now your car registration number has to be recorded by a receptionist and then the council employees monitoring the car park enter car registration plates into a handheld machine to see that the car has been registered by the leisure centre staff. "This system worried me because there was no 'hard evidence' in the windscreen that the car had been registered at reception and I panicked about wrongly getting a parking ticket and fine. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of ‘silly’ mistakes that can lead to MOT failure [WARNING] Calls for lorry drivers to be banned from using car sat navs [INSIGHT] Furious driver fined for parking after missing ‘small A4 sign’ [REVEAL] “I, therefore, went to the trouble of typing up a note stating that I was using the Laura Trott Leisure Centre." On the morning of July 29, Ms Wilson was taking part in her weekly swimming session. Once arriving at the centre, she logged her car's registration number with a member of the reception team. Ms Wilson said: "When you pay you tell the people at reception your car reg and they enter it in the system for you. READ MORE: Motorists warned of £5,000 'thunder fever' fine risk "They always repeat it back to you. That had been done the day I received the ticket so I know that it had been entered correctly.” However, upon returning to her vehicle, Ms Wilson found a penalty charge notice plastered to the front of her car, despite leaving a message on the windscreen informing any traffic officers that she was a member of the leisure centre and should therefore not be charged. The note left by Ms Wilson on her windscreen read: "I'm using the Laura Trott Leisure centre. My car registration number has been entered into the machine in reception." After reviewing her Penalty Charge Notice on the Council website, the reason given for the issued ticket was: "Parked in a car park without clearly displaying a valid pay & display ticket or voucher or parking clock." Having an immediate effect on her anxiety, Ms Wilson said: "My legs went to jelly and I started having palpitations. You just feel like somebody is out to get you. It really ruined my weekend." Upset and shaking, Ms Wilson went back to the centre and spoke to a duty manager. According to Ms Wilson, the manager checked and agreed that it was wrong and emailed the council to point out their error. Ms Wilson said the worry of being issued another ticket has played on her mind and had a negative effect on her mental health. She no longer drives to the leisure centre to go swimming and opts for a walk to the centre instead. A spokesperson for Broxbourne Borough Council said: "Pay and play users of the Laura Trott Leisure Centre are entitled to a free parking session at the Windmill Lane car park, which must be registered with the receptionist or by using the tablet device in the foyer. For the vast majority of centre users, this process works well. “Without knowing the specifics of this particular case, it is not clear how this situation has occurred. “If the customer has appealed the Penalty Charge Notice and a valid parking session is found to have been booked, or an error has been made processing the details at the centre, the Penalty Charge Notice will be cancelled”.