The iconic coffee shop is bringing back its pumpkin spiced latte, as well as other autumnal drinks and snacks, on Wednesday, September 1. Those wanting a comforting, warm drink as the weather changes are in for a treat. Prices for a tall pumpkin spiced latte start at £3.65, which is 10p more than last year. The drink also comes in grande, costing £3.95, and venti, available for £4.25. But prices vary depending on the location. Although a little more expensive than last year, Starbucks will not be charging for additional whipped cream or dairy alternatives. This means fans will easily be able to indulge in extra cream on top of their latte, or a latte made with oat, almond, or soya milk. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare Customers can even opt for vegan whipped cream. To save a little money, it is worth taking a reusable cup to any Starbucks store when purchasing a drink. This will reduce 25p from your bill. On its website, Starbucks describes its pumpkin spice latte as “a combination of Starbucks Espresso Roast, pumpkin pie flavoured sauce and steamed milk, topped with delicious whipped cream and pumpkin pie spices”.  But the pumpkin spiced latte won’t be the only new treat on Starbucks’ menu come September. The coffee shop is introducing a pumpkin flavoured cold brew too. The drink has the same flavour as the pumpkin spiced latte, but it is cold. Costing from £3.80, depending on the size, the drink also comes with cream on top. Starbucks is also introducing eight other items to its autumn range. These include the mushroom and egg muffin, the American salami focaccia, and the fiery no chicken wrap. This will be the first time a plant-based chicken alternative is on offer at a British Starbucks branch. Another savoury snack on the menu will be the triple cheese egg bites with ham inside, which Starbucks have said are light, fluffy, and well-seasoned. As for the sweet items, the coffee shop will be offering a toffee and apple muffin, which has custard vanilla bean frosting and a drizzle of caramel. This treat will put you £2.19 out of pocket. With prices starting from £1.85, the espresso roast blondie will also be on offer, made with espresso coffee beans and white chocolate chunks. The fruit and nut flapjack and the blackberry and apple overnight oats compote will also satisfy customers’ sweet teeth.