Manchester United have had a horrendous start to the new Premier League season. Erik ten Hag has walked into a crisis at Old Trafford, with the Red Devils outplayed and losing matches against Brighton and Brentford so far. However, the good news is that the club are still aiming to back the Dutchman with new recruits before the transfer window slams shut next month. Manchester United have signed Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen so far this summer. But Ten Hag knows the Red Devils require more investment if they’re to bounce back from their horrendous campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last time out. United are confident of landing both Adrien Rabiot and Frenkie de Jong from Juventus and Barcelona respectively. And they’re also pushing to recruit Sergino Dest and Jamie Vardy, with the Barcelona and Leicester players under consideration. So Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils would line up if they’re able to bring the quartet to Old Trafford before the transfer window shuts on September 1. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything David De Gea was a shining light for United as they finished sixth last term. But the goalkeeper’s confidence appears shot and he’s looked shaky in the matches against Brentford and Brighton so far. Without a doubt, he should have prevented Josh Dasilva’s effort from squirming under his body on Saturday afternoon. Yet with United loaning out Dean Henderson earlier in the summer, and cutting Sergio Romero loose a year ago, they’ve got precious little left in reserve. That means that De Gea almost walks into the side by default at present which, quite frankly, is appalling for a club of United’s vast size and stature. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already  Martinez doesn’t look ready for the Premier League just yet and Ten Hag would be wise to take him out of the firing line in the wake of his Brentford disasterclass. And, if he does do that, it’s feasible Raphael Varane will be partnered with Harry Maguire once again. Maguire’s own form means he’s worthy of being dropped but Ten Hag, so early into his reign, doesn’t seem ready to make that decision just yet. If United land Dest from Barcelona, he’d represent an upgrade on Diogo Dalot at right-back. And, at left-back, Luke Shaw will continue to start matches while Malacia gets settled in. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United have spent nearly three months pursuing De Jong, emboldened by his positive relationship with Ten Hag. And they’re still optimistic their patience will be rewarded and the 25-year-old will be theirs by the time the transfer window slams shut. Rabiot may then be paired alongside the Netherlands international, with his move from Juventus expected to go through without a hitch. And, to complete the Red Devils’ midfield, Christian Eriksen could begin to start matches in place of Bruno Fernandes. Fernandes has been abysmal for some time now, and a period on the bench may do him some good as he looks to regain his swagger again. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team According to reports on Monday, Ten Hag is now seriously considering offloading Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal international has been a sulky figure during his side’s opening two matches and is believed to be contributing to the doom and gloom mood behind the scenes at Carrington. United have an interest in Vardy and, if he arrives, he could be deployed at the tip of their attack. Jadon Sancho would stay on the right, even if the former Borussia Dortmund star is a curious case. Likewise Marcus Rashford on the left, despite the England international resembling a shadow of his former self at present. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here