Frenkie de Jong’s agent is embroiled in a furious stand-off with Barcelona, according to reports in Spain. Both Manchester United and Chelsea are eager to land the Netherlands international this summer. Yet the saga continues to go on and on, with no end yet in sight. Barcelona made De Jong available for transfer at the start of the summer. And their need to balance their finances is growing with the La Liga giants hoping to register Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde, Raphinha, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie before the start of the new season. De Jong has, however, been reluctant to leave Barcelona with the midfielder happy at the Nou Camp despite United and Chelsea’s interest. And Sport now say his agent has become embroiled in a furious row with the Catalan giants as they look to resolve the 25-year-old’s situation. It's claimed De Jong’s representatives think Barcelona are using a new contract as a ‘weapon to pressure him and are determined to block his future’. The Catalan giants believe they have found evidence of wrongdoing that renders his current £360,000-a-week deal void. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And they want De Jong to take a pay cut and revert back to previous terms that were agree when he moved from Ajax three years ago. The Netherlands international’s camp think this is all a ruse to force their client out of the club, while also believing Barcelona must stump the money they owe him. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, De Jong agreed to take a pay cut. And that means Barcelona now owe him between £14million and £17m, an amount they’re reluctant to fork out in full. De Jong’s agent ‘did not like the forms at all’ and is also livid at how the midfielder’s contract is now essentially out in the public. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Behind the scenes, they suspect Barcelona are ‘threatening’ the former Ajax star so they can jettison him before the transfer window shuts on September 1. Yet De Jong is still unwilling to leave, despite Chelsea also joining United in the race to secure the player’s signature. He won’t reduce his salary and won’t bow to the pressure that is being put on him. Barcelona president Joan Laporta, as well as manager Xavi, have both apparently ‘approached De Jong’ in order to reduce the tension. They’ve made it clear they’re counting on him to shine this season and also insist they’re not in favour of an exit. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But with a pay cut key to him staying put, it seems like De Jong’s future is still up in the air. Meanwhile, former Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor recently stated the 25-year-old should move to Chelsea - instead of United. He said on talkSPORT: “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and their fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like [Paul] Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. “Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here