Caller Liz from London savaged the British Government for their lack of action in tackling the ongoing energy crisis. Today Ofgem announced the energy price cap will rise to £3,549 this October. Caller Liz claimed her friends who had been voting for the Conservative Party, are refusing to vote Tory for the next 15 years. Liz from London compared the British Government's lack of action to Marie-Antoinette's famous words during the French Revolution when she said 'let them eat cake.' The upset caller told Dawn Neesom and Mike Parry, that there was so much more that the Government could do. Caller Liz from London told Jeremy Vine on 5: "They could do loads more, how can we put up with this? "How can this be? It's like the French Revolution, let them eat cake! "Why are we putting up with this? There are more of us than them, There is loads more they can do. "There is one good thing to come out of all of this, I have Tory friends that will probably not vote Conservative for another 15 years." Ms Neesom added: "Right ok, I love the way you might be hinting at sort of French Revolution type thing and sort of like chopping a few heads off. "Mike I mean, get rid of the Tories it's their fault."  JUST IN: Brexit Britain’s triumph over Putin as UK free of Russian gas MONTHS before EU nations      Mr Parry said: "I appreciate what you're saying, we all feel like you do, but I have to ask you. "If it's not a Tory politician, it's an alternative politician, is there any politician who can come up with a solution to this problem? "It's not of our making, it's because of the war... Russia invaded Ukraine, Ukraine need to defend itself and gas has gone through the roof. "You can't suddenly bring down the price of gas, it's got to be paid for, I'm afraid we're all going to have to go without a holiday next year or not buy a new car. "But there is no magic way of saying we can't pay these bills, they have to be paid."  READMORE: Britain boosts North Sea gas and deals Putin hammer blow by cutting ALL Russian imports     Liz is not the only Briton calling for the Government to stop dragging their feet, and to act now. Many people have been plunged into poverty due to the cost of living crisis, and many more are expected to face financial struggles this winter because of it. Food banks across the country have seen a spike in people seeking out support, as some cannot afford their usual food shop. Experts have also warned that the looming cost of living crisis will be worse than the financial effects of the pandemic.  DON’T MISS: Russia MUTINY erupts: Protests explode in city at heart of revolt against Putin's war[INSIGHT] Manchester Airport evacuated: Passengers panic as emergency alarm rings out in Terminal 1 [REVEAL] Tragedy as 12-year-old schoolgirl killed in horror car crash between Vauxhall and Bentley [SPOTLIGHT]     "Planning for a substantial support package needs to start immediately." “Without it, vulnerable people will face a catastrophe on a vast scale when winter sets in.' “The consequences of sitting idly by are unthinkable.”  