Expectations will not be huge for Adrien Rabiot upon his arrival at Manchester United, though he certainly will not be immune from criticism – much to the disappointment of his mother, and agent, Veronique. The midfielder will be in the firing line of many TV pundits, and it could lead to some off-field drama. The Red Devils have been the most heavily criticised clubs over the past few seasons, even with mass investment and managerial switches. And if their 2-1 defeat at the hands of Brighton is anything to go by, that won’t change in this campaign. Graham Potter’s side comfortably saw off United at Old Trafford, never truly looking under threat from the first whistle. Erik ten Hag’s side were rightfully slated for the performance, with former players Roy Keane and Gary Neville vocal about how United are nowhere near the club that they once were. And that duo could cause some drama in the Rabiot household, as they aren’t afraid to single out players who fail to meet the mark. Veronique Rabiot has previously snapped back at those who have criticised her son in interviews, and it is unlikely that that trait will disappear upon arrival in England. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel's chances of Aubameyang reunion 'rest on two players' After Rabiot was slammed last year for failing to meet expectations at Juventus, Veronique told Ouest-France: “I don’t know where the negative image that the media has of us comes from, they destroy us all the time. Adrien has nothing to prove, he plays football and it is his passion on and off the pitch. “When he’s not playing, he’d like to have a decent life and not spend time justifying himself. In Italy, they say that it is not good enough, but he does not care about playing all games. “The goal of players is to reach the maximum levels, but not everyone knows how many sacrifices it takes and what a strong mentality one must have to face this life. Everyone thinks they are paid too much, but they know nothing. DON'T MISS...Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Yeremy Pino after promising £34m bidArsenal proven right over their own Fernando Torres as free transfer saga showsTottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo move “They’ve never forgiven anything to my son. He’s always been criticised since he was 17. Everyone makes mistakes. Footballers are not robots. We have an excellent relationship, in private and professional life. I don’t understand why the media are always targeting us, maybe because we don’t speak much with them.” It is no secret that Keane and Neville never shy away from upsetting anyone if they feel their criticism is just, and Veronique’s previous antics won’t put an end to that. United’s midfield has not been up to scratch for several seasons, and if Rabiot is unable to improve the team in the centre of the park then the finger is likely to be pointed at the France international.