Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has spoken out after his side's 2-1 Premier League defeat to Brighton. The Red Devils had gone into the game looking for a winning start under their new boss. But that didn't happen, with the Red Devils slipping to a disappointing loss on home turf. Manchester United had gone into their match with Brighton on a high after a good pre-season under Ten Hag. However, like with what happened when Louis van Gala ruled the roost in 2014, the Dutchman suffered an opening day defeat. Pascal Gross was the hero for Brighton, scoring twice in nine minutes in the first half to put the visitors in dreamland. And, though United did respond through Diogo Dalot after the interval, it wasn’t enough as they slipped to yet another disappointing defeat. For Ten Hag, it was a showing that has hammered home just how much work must be done in order to turn the Red Devils around. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And he slammed his side’s performance by saying: "Of course definitely a setback and real disappointment. “I knew from the start it would not be easy. We gave two easy balls away and it was not good in the organisation. "It is clear to see the second half we were better in midfield with Eriksen down and Ronaldo up. We created and Rashford had two good chances, it is a shame we did not score. "I am not satisfied, totally not. We lost and it was not necessary. We should do better. "We made mistakes on the ball and organisation mistakes in defending. We have to take the lessons and learn quickly from it. "Brighton are a decent team, all the compliments, but I look to my team and we should not give two easy goals away." DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Then, when quizzed on the club potentially needing more signings, he added: "We could do better with the players we had." United skipper Harry Maguire also addressed the defeat, and insisting the Red Devils must stop conceding first in order to improve. "We went into to the game positive but it's the worst possible start, a bad start,” he said. "The first goal knocked us back very badly and stopped playing. We have to be better on the ball and 2-0 down at half time was a nightmare start. "We didn't create enough to get the equaliser and have to improve on that. It is something we need to address (conceding first). We have to learn from that. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "Me and Licha (Lisandro Martinez) have not played much together and were not on the same wavelength at times. I am sure we will get better and keep clean sheets." United legend Roy Keane was critical after the game, ripping into both Scott McTominay and Fred for their performances. “The decision-making and the football intelligence, in particular from Fred - and I’ve said it for a long time - Fred and McTominay not good enough,” he said. “They won’t get Man United back competing at the top, we see it week in week out - not up to it. “They had to a gamble in the second half and Eriksen is probably in his position when he drops back and he’s picking up people but too little too late.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team When asked on if there were any surprises, Keane also said: “No not really. “I think Man United were better the second half as you’d expect because they threw everything at Brighton, 2-0 down. “Thrown Ronaldo a huge game when he’s not fit but that didn’t work. “So you were hoping for more from Man United but the same shortcomings. “Out of possession not good enough, giving away bad goals, credit to Brighton thought they were outstanding.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here