Since the beginning of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, questions have been raised about how the Russian leader runs his authoritarian regime. Putin has been the president of Russia since 2000, with a four-year break between 2008 and 2012 when he was prime minister. He remains untouchable from any criticism from within his country and government and, appears to Russian people as “something like a God” or a “holy person”, according to a researcher. Volodymyr Tretyak follows the war in Ukraine and translates content in Russian or Ukrainian to English, which he then shares on his Twitter account, whilst also contributing to the related website wartranslated.com. He suggested that Putin intentionally denies maintaining any personal relationships, in order to appear completely devoted to governing his people. In a thread, Tretyak shared his understanding of the Russian people’s perception of Putin, claiming that he found such information from Russian websites and social media, as well as from conversations with Russians. The researcher wrote of Putin: “I would say that Putin in Russia has made himself something like God, a holy person. “First, he publicly denied any personal relations with people. “He doesn't have a wife (officially since 2013), and his children have different surnames. He always avoids questions about them.” And continued: “Putin is always alone. It probably implies that the President is entirely involved in his duty. It feels like he is doing a holy mission. “Secondly, the President of Russia is ultimately out of ordinary life, out of any casual context. “He can not appear in the late-night show like US presidents did or in the Russian propaganda TV show where everyone praises him.” Tretyak stressed that Putin is nothing like the Western leaders, as his propaganda techniques leave Russians unable to challenge or criticise him despite the deprivation they live in. He noted: “One of the few settings for the interview, which we can imagine, is an interview in a palace, like in the following picture. “Also, you won't see Putin riding a bicycle or doing anything in public like the European countries' leaders “Third and the essential thing: Putin is never guilty of anything. That's what exists in the minds of the people. “I used to watch some Russian reports from impoverished places. But they never blame President for this.”