Richard Osman, 51, started dating actress Ingrid Oliver, 45, last summer after the pair had been platonic friends for a number of years. Keeping their relationship mainly private, Richard has taken to Twitter to share a rare insight into how they help each other in their careers. Richard shared the relationship insight in view of his 1.1 million Twitter followers. He penned: "My favourite thing about living with an actor is that I get to act 'the other parts' when she does video auditions. "Every time @ingridoliver100 gets a part I think she's going to say 'and they want YOU to play the U-Boat Commander!' "It hasn't happened yet, but I'm sure it will." READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini as she gives fans an eyeful Richard, who is 6ft 7, added in a separate Twitter message: "Guys, guys, yes I know I'm too tall for a U-Boat, but I would ACT SHORTER." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their view on Richard's relationship insight. KevGeo2011 said: "Is she going to be cast in the films of your books?" Richard joked as he replied: "Spielberg wants her, but I'm still on the fence." The Pointless star confirmed his engagement to Ingrid during an interview with fellow novelist Marian Keyes in May. However, rumours began to circulate in April when Ingrid was pictured wearing an emerald ring on her wedding finger. Speaking to Desert Island Discs about his relationship, he revealed: "I'm happy with myself, I've got these beautiful kids, I've met the woman who I'm going to be with for the rest of my life. "That thing of competition and ambition, you soon realise that rocket fuel disappears and it's about happiness and my kids bring me happiness and Ingrid brings me happiness." DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton bids farewell to F1 fans: 'Going to miss this energy' [COMMENT] Alan Fletcher's heartfelt message to onscreen love Jackie Woodburne [INSIGHT] Demi Moore, 59, poses in plunging swimsuit showing off figure [HOLLYWOOD] Richard was previously married, but his divorce was finalised back in 2007. He has two children from this relationship: Ruby and Sonny. After splitting from his first wife, whose identity is not publicly known, he admitted he feared the family situation would be "awful" but was relieved that it all worked out. He spilled: "When my partnership broke up, I did think, 'Oh God, this is going to be awful'. "I've seen my kids nonstop. It was quickly worked out it wasn't going to be the same, which is an extraordinary relief. "They know I love them and I tell them nonstop, which bores them rigid. But I never got told that." Richard was previously linked to jazz singer Sumudu Jayatilaka in 2018. Following their split, he refused to discuss what happened between them. Asked whether the romance described in his book The Thursday Murder Club was autobiographical, he told the publication: "I’d rather not go into all of that. - which publication? "We’re not together, so I’d rather not upset her at all."