Here Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, reveals the simple steps you should take to save your lawn from the scorching sunshine, without breaking the rules. Think outside the box It’s time to think outside the box. With a hosepipe ban in place, it makes it difficult to water your lawn. However, fear not as there are plenty of other ways you can get water to your lawn. Even though there is a hosepipe ban, watering cans are still allowed. This might take some time for those of you with larger lawns, but it’s one way of getting water to your lawn in a drought. In the future, if a drought is on its way, a good way to prepare for it is to buy water butts. Water butts catch rainwater from your drains, so if you know a drought is coming, get them out as soon as you can to save as much water as you can. Water butts are available to buy, or you can create your own. READ MORE: Critical lawn alert: Avoid feed that 'burns' amid heatwave - emergency steps to save grass Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Step away from fertiliser If you’re thinking of fertilising your lawn in the hot weather, don’t! The more you fertilise your lawn, the more your grass will grow, and as it grows it requires additional water. You can’t fertilise your lawn without watering it afterwards, as it will increase the chances of your grass burning, so save it for when the weather starts to cool and your access to water isn’t limited. DON'T MISSHow to look after your lawn on holiday amid scorching heat [EXPERT] 'Three main jobs' to keep your lawn 'looking healthy' [INSIGHT] How to water garden and lawn to protect it during heatwave [GARDEN] Don't mow too low If your grass is looking a little too long and you’re thinking of giving it a trim, remember not to mow your lawn too low. The shorter your lawn, the more it encourages growth and as it grows it will require more water and nutrients (that it simply can’t get in the middle of a drought/hosepipe ban). As a hosepipe ban won’t last too long, it might be better to give your lawn a little break and resume mowing again once a ban has been lifted - that way you can ensure your lawn is getting all the nutrients it needs as it continues to grow. Keep an eye out for weeds It’s extremely important that you pull out weeds as soon as you see them. That’s because they soak up most of the water and nutrients from the soil, stealing them from the grass when it needs them the most. Removing them is the best way to ensure your grass is getting the most of the soil. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Stay off the grass Although we all love to be outside enjoying the heat, if you can try and keep foot traffic to a minimum on your lawn it will be more beneficial in the long run. Even though an increase in foot traffic won’t cause immediate damage to the lawn, it can cause issues further down the line by compacting your lawn's surface, so if you can it’s better to avoid heavy foot traffic on your lawn during a drought. With that all being said, there’s only so much you can do in a drought with a water ban. As long as you follow these simple steps, your lawn should be able to survive. Autumn is the time to repair your lawn from a long, hot summer anyway.