Manchester United owners the Glazers have reacted to Sir Jim Ratcliffe’s interest in the club with radio silence, according to reports. The Americans are in the spotlight after allowing the Red Devils to spend the last few years in the wilderness. And protests over their ownership are set to follow in the coming weeks and months ahead. Ratcliffe recently insisted he was looking to buy United, with a spokesperson saying: “If the club is for sale, Jim is definitely a potential buyer. “If something like this was possible, we would be interested in talking with a view to long-term ownership. “This is not about the money that has been spent or not spent. “Jim is looking at what can be done now and, knowing how important the club is to the city, it feels like the time is right for a reset.” Yet ESPN say that, since Ratcliffe’s comments, the Glazers have been silent and are yet to show any indication they’re looking for a full sale. Ratcliffe, who is worth a reported £9.8illion, wants a full takeover instead of just being an investor to help the redevelopment of Old Trafford. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal The Glazers have long been polarising figures at United, ever since they purchased the club in 2005. And protests against them have been cranked up in recent years, with fans accusing them of saddling the club with debt while also taking out far too much cash through dividends. There were roughly 10,000 supporters present on Monday night who protested against them prior to the club’s stirring 2-1 win over Liverpool. And the publication says fan groups have promised more action at every single home game this season or until the Glazers finally put the club on the market. Amid the opposition to their ownership, United have suffered on the pitch. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him They’re yet to win the Premier League title since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013, having successfully wrestled the prize back from fierce rivals Manchester City that year. And United have won just the FA Cup, Europa League and EFL Cup in the years since. Any potential takeover of United is set to dwarf the £4.2bn sale of Chelsea earlier in the year. And it’ll be interesting to see what happens with the Glazers as the fury over the way they run the club grows in volume. Football finance expert Kieran Maguire, meanwhile, recently shot down claims the Americans could be tempted into selling up. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Why would the Glazers sell?” he said. “I think they will be reluctant to sell the club. They have taken dividends out so the club is still financially very lucrative for them and they believe there is a lot of value that isn’t priced into the share price. “Microsoft bought Activision, the games company, for £65bn a couple of months ago and Manchester United see themselves as a quasi-tech company. If you have 100 million people on your app, you have all that data about them. “There is value in that club, they just don’t seem to be very good at extracting it right now. Nobody in football does, they’re all sitting around saying ‘There is a key to Pandora’s box and someone’s going to open it’. If they do, they want to be part of it. It’s why I do think they will be reluctant to sell. “The fans are moaning, but they’re still buying the shirts.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United boss Erik ten Hag, meanwhile, recently defended the Glazers and insisted they wanted the club to win trophies. “I can only say the owners want to win and the fans – we want them behind the club,” said Ten Hag. “I can understand sometimes [the sentiment] but I am not that long in the club to see all the backgrounds. We have to fight together and be unified.” United are next in action against Southampton on Saturday (12.30pm). They’ll be hoping to beat the Saints this season after drawing both matches against them 1-1 last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here