Conservative MP Robert Halfon explained how calamitous the energy price hike has been for his constituents in Harlow. Mr Halfon claimed many of them could not afford to pay their bills or see their families due to overworking to try and raise more funds. The Conservative MP urged the Government to implement some kind of social tariff for those who were most vulnerable. He then went on to discuss the impact rising energy bills were having on GP surgeries, as some of their bills have soared to £20,000. Mr Halfon told BBC Radio 4s Today programme: "Clearly it's calamitous, I have constituents working seven days a week. "My Harlow constituents because they can't afford to pay their bills, they don't see their families, they're struggling. "They're suffering in every way, whoever becomes leader, there has to be a huge large-scale intervention. "And I've urged that, if there is one Johnson they listen to, it's Lyndon Johnson. "When he got into power, he did a huge war on poverty, did an elementary in education act in the 60s. JUST IN: Brexit Britain’s triumph over Putin as UK free of Russian gas MONTHS before EU nations     Mr Halfon added: "There has to be some kind of social tariff, for those people who are struggling. "There is going to have to be a small business tariff because small businesses are going to go under. "I've got fish and chip shops in my constituency, spending a thousand pounds more. "We have to have a public sector tariff... GP surgery bills have gone up to £20,000 they're not going to be able to afford them. "They're going to have less money spent on frontline services, and more money going down the hole on paying energy bills." READMORE: Britain boosts North Sea gas and deals Putin hammer blow by cutting ALL Russian imports Some experts have been warning that the incoming energy crisis will be worse than the pandemic, which saw small businesses wiped out across the country. The Next British Prime Minister will be either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak, one of them will be tasked with tackling the energy crisis straight away, as it will be a top agenda. Some Britons have slammed both candidates for what some claim to be a lack of action in doing so, already. It won't just be British households affected but business owners and entrepreneurs may suffer too. DON’T MISS: Russia MUTINY erupts: Protests explode in city at heart of revolt against Putin's war[INSIGHT] Manchester Airport evacuated: Passengers panic as emergency alarm rings out in Terminal 1 [REVEAL] Tragedy as 12-year-old schoolgirl killed in horror car crash between Vauxhall and Bentley [SPOTLIGHT]    UK CEO of Simply Business, Alan Thomas has claimed that three in five business owners in the UK have been demanding that the British Government review the energy price cap.