Emma Raducanu has been told that her positive mindset is a ‘great sign’ as she prepares to defend her US Open title. Former World No 6 Chanda Rubin has praised the Briton’s approach after winning at Flushing Meadows last year. Raducanu has endured some tough form in 2022. Injuries limited her game at the start of the year and she was unable to build on the momentum she gained from her shock US Open win. Her performances have since improved. The 19-year-old reached the last-16 of the Cincinnati Open having beaten Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka. She was dumped out by Jessica Pegula. And former Australian Open champion Rubin believes that Raducanu’s positive mindset is a ‘great sign’ heading into this year’s US Open. Raducanu triumphed last year despite starting the tournament as a barely-known qualifier. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic told to live with US Open 'consequences' “I think that's been a great sign for Emma Raducanu, I think she's had a good mindset. It hasn't been easy this last year, coming literally out of nowhere, coming from qualifying. That is just insane to think about it,” Rubin told Tennis Channel’s Inside-In. "And now she's a Grand Slam champion, but with relatively little experience over the course of a career. So I think she's been building. She has had the right mindset." She added: "The most important part of it is, she goes into the tournament where she had her biggest result, where she wants to play well and defend to a certain degree, that she's feeling better about her tennis. DON'T MISS...Raducanu earns important boost for US Open defence after Williams winDjokovic gets US Open ban indication as tournament release protocolsKyrgios snubs himself and Nadal when making US Open winner prediction “And the worst thing is to not have matches under your belt, to feel like you're just not quite there in terms of your form, going into this big event where you were celebrated as a champion just the year before.” Raducanu recorded her two biggest triumphs of 2022 with victories over Williams and Azarenka in Cincinnati. The Bromley-based teenager is now feeling better about her game after a tough year. "This week was a great step for me," she said. "In the past year it's probably like the first tournament or like one of the few tournaments that I have actually started going for my shots more. "This week I kind of just was like, 'look, I'm just going to try, I don't care if I make errors, like it's fine, but I'm just going to overhit if anything'. I'm pretty proud of how I did this week, and I think it's a great step to move forward."