Having clean, fresh sheets is loved by many, but when it actually comes to washing bedding, an expert has said there are several “bad habits” Britons make which could be reducing their quality and lifespan. Deyan Dimitrov, laundry expert and CEO of Laundryheap, has shared these mistakes as well as how to avoid them. Deyan explained: “Unfortunately, people don’t wash their sheets as regularly as they let on, some even wash them every four months. “Waiting until your sheets are visibly dirty can allow for germs, sweat and dirt to build over time, which doesn’t only affect the condition of your sheets, but isn’t great for health either. “As a rule of thumb, make sure to wash your sheets every two weeks to keep them in peak condition.” Deyan said Britons could even schedule their laundry with a professional service to help them remember. When it comes to washing sheets, there is also a particular way people should follow to avoid tearing and getting holes. READ MORE: The affluent town Sir David Attenborough calls home The laundry expert said: “There’s a common misconception that the dirtier the bedding is, the more detergent it needs. However, this laundry mistake can do far more harm than good, especially to your sheets. “Not only can too much detergent stain your sheets (especially if they’re white), but it can also wear down their fibres, eventually causing holes and tears. “Instead of detergent, I would recommend using half a cup of baking soda and vinegar to wash your bedsheets.” According to Deyan, using this combination of household essentials will result in “silky and soft” bedding. DON'T MISS:I managed to dissolve toilet limescale without bleach in 2 easy steps [PICTURES]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with baking soda and white vinegar [EXPERT]Follow 3 D’s when pruning rambling roses to ensure bloom next year [COMMENT] Some may check bedding in with a few towels or bedding to speed up the drying time or cut down how many washes they do. However, the expert said every material has a different washing process and needs enough room to circulate and rinse properly. Deyan explained: “Adding different fabrics into this cycle can create added friction, wearing down your sheets or causing bobbling. Equally, zippers or buttons could get snagged and cause tearing. “It’s best to run cycles specifically for your sheets (your machine may even have a specific setting for this!), to give them enough time (and room) to be washed properly.” READ MORE: £1 trick to keep pillows 'fluffy and firm' in the washing machine Many may use tumble dryers to dry their bedding and sheets during the winter months as it can help dry them thoroughly. However, keeping them in the tumble dryer can cause more harm than good. Deyan added: “Keeping them inside your tumble dryer for too long (or even on top of your dryer to warm them up again), can shrink your sheets. “To avoid uncomfortable bed sheets getting in the way of good sleep, dry your sheets naturally on a drying line or rack, preferably outside for an even fresher smell, for longevity and better results.” If any stains remain on any bedding, the sun also acts as a natural bleach and can help to banish any unwanted marks. The cleaning expert said: “Whilst this one may seem obvious, people often don’t check the labels of their sheets and just assume that they require the same cycle as their towels or clothes. “This often isn’t the case for sheets, as each type of material has different washing requirements.” According to the expert, cotton sheets are best washed at a lower temperature, and certain fabrics shouldn’t be ironed or put in the tumble dryer. Britons should follow the washing instructions for an efficient and “crisp” clean. Silk bedding should be taken extra care of and is a material where the label should always be read before cleaning. 