Former Manchester United player Ryan Giggs has arrived at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court for the start of a 10-day trial. The 48-year-old faces allegations of attacking and controlling his ex-girlfriend, as well as assaulting her sister. Giggs is accused of using controlling and coercive behaviour against his ex-partner, Kate Greville, in a three-year period between August 2017 and November 2020. He is also accused of a common assault against her younger sister, Emma Greville, at his home in Greater Manchester in November 2020. The former Man Utd star and Welsh international was due to stand trial in January this year, but a backlog of cases saw it pushed back. Today (Monday) marks the start of a 10-day trial, with Giggs pleading not guilty to all charges. Proceedings begin at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court on Monday before moving to Manchester Crown Court from Tuesday onwards. Asbestos testing at the latter saw a last-minute change of plan, which was finalised on Thursday. Giggs was granted conditional bail at a Salford Magistrates Court hearing back in April this year, which prevented him from contacting either of the two women. Shortly afterwards he released the following statement: "I have full respect for the due process of law and understand the seriousness of the allegations. I will plead not guilty in court and look forward to clearing my name." Giggs spent his entire career with Man Utd, racking up just short of 1000 appearances across all competitions and netting 168 goals. During a 24-year stint in the Red Devils' professional ranks he won 13 Premier League titles, four FA Cups, four League Cups and two Champions Leagues. He also spent 16 years in the Welsh national team set-up, making 64 caps and scoring 12 goals before going on to become manager in 2018. Giggs officially stepped down from his role in June this year due to the allegations he currently faces, with Wales gearing up for a first World Cup appearance in 64 years. "After much consideration, I am standing down from my position as manager of the Wales men's national team with immediate effect," he said. "It has been an honour and a privilege to manage my country, but it is only right that the Wales FA, the coaching staff and the players prepare for the tournament with certainty, clarification and without speculation around the position of their head coach."