Thousands of motorists will be enjoying road trips and bank holiday weekend getaways with many still anxious about fuel prices. The current RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will have to pay 170.40p per litre of unleaded and 182.70p per litre of diesel on average. While most holidaymakers will be enjoying the sunny weather, it can be a hindrance, especially for a vehicle. Every driver knows the pain of entering a sizzling car that was parked in the glaring sunshine. When faced with a hot car interior, many motorists make the mistake of blasting the air con on without cooling the vehicle down first. According to experts, using air con can increase fuel consumption by as much as 20 percent. READ MORE: Electric car users warned as charging more expensive than PETROL With that in mind, motoring experts at StressFreeCarRental.com have provided motorists with eight tricks that can be used to keep the car cool without using air con. A spokesperson for StressFreeCarRental.com said: “Driving in the blazing sun can cause motorists to feel dizzy and ill from heat exhaustion, which in return is dangerous for all the road users. "There are some cost-effective alternatives that help motorists tackle the heat and prevent accidents while they’re out and about on a hot day.” The tricks are: DON'T MISS Drivers rage over the right to park outside someone else’s property [INSIGHT] Driver fined £700 for using dead mum’s disabled badge [SHOCKING] British drivers admit they may never be ready for switch to EVs [REVEAL] Make sure to bring a refreshing cold beverage on the journey to avoid dehydration and store it under the seat to maintain its cool temperature. The air blown out will be much cooler, but make there are a few wet rags ready to replace it with as it will dry out quite quickly. READ MORE: Motorists could save £2,000 per year for driving an electric car Also remember to take them out of the car and wash them afterwards to prevent mildew. Wrap a frozen bottle in a towel and rest it against the seat behind your neck. Once it defrosts, there will be ice cold water to drink and cool off too. There’s nothing worse than getting into a boiling hot car at the end of the day, so be mindful of where the car is left. A portable fan can make all the difference, even on the hottest summer days. These fans are small but mighty when it comes to cooling down while stuck in a hot car. Put on a dashboard cover on the car’s windshield to keep sunlight away from the car’s interior. The heat won't be as overwhelming if there are no hot vinyl surfaces to touch. It’s obviously not a good idea to open windows all the way but leaving just a small crack will promote ventilation and help to keep the car cool.