Cristiano Ronaldo has, typically, been ‘excellent’ in training for Manchester United despite his desire to leave the club. The Portugal international wants to play in the Champions League next term, something the Red Devils can’t provide following their sixth-placed finish under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last time out. But he’s still at the club and, with Anthony Martial injured, will be hopeful of starting Sunday’s Premier League opener with Brighton. Manchester United were rocked at the end of June when Ronaldo requested to leave the club. He had previously indicated he was willing to hang around for the start of the Ten Hag era, despite the club enduring a nightmare campaign following his Hollywood homecoming from Juventus. But Ronaldo asked to leave United at a time where they’d already missed out on Darwin Nunez and Erling Haaland, who will be playing for Liverpool and Manchester City respectively this term. Fast-forward to now, and the 37-year-old remains at the club. And though there are concerns within United over Ronaldo, it’s stated by the Daily Mail that he’s been excellent in training under Ten Hag. The Portugal international has reportedly been staying behind for finishing practice like some of his other team-mates, ever the professional. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And with Martial now sidelined for the match against Brighton, the veteran will be hoping to start in the No 9 role. However, it could come too early for the Portugal international - who only made his first appearance of pre-season during Sunday’s 1-1 draw with Rayo Vallecano at Old Trafford. That gives Ten Hag a decision to make, especially given how the Red Devils have already lost Edinson Cavani this summer - and failed to replace him. The Dutchman could deploy Marcus Rashford in the No 9 role, a position he occupied upon bursting onto the scene under Louis van Gaal. Rashford scored eight goals in 18 games for the Red Devils playing up top, before Jose Mourinho then decided to transform him into a winger instead. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join The 24-year-old experienced a difficult season last time out, scoring just five goals after missing a penalty in England’s Euro 2020 final shootout defeat to Italy at Wembley. But he’s been reborn in pre-season, scoring three times, and hopes are high he’ll be back to his best. If United do bring Rashford into the middle, Anthony Elanga or Alejandro Garnacho may then start out wide. Elanga impressed Rangnick with his talent and professionalism last term, with the Sweden international one of the season’s sole positives. Garnacho, though, has been tipped for the very top and was electric during the match against Vallecano at Old Trafford just days ago. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Another option for United is to use a false nine. Ten Hag went with that option during a recent behind-closed-doors friendly against Wrexham, with the Red Devils winning 4-1. But Ronaldo is unlikely to take kindly to only being named on the bench and will be eager to hit the ground running as United begin yet another new era. Meanwhile, former United star Gary Neville thinks his old side would be wise to offload the Portugal international. “Ronaldo’s achievements in football go beyond anything anyone could ever wish for,” Neville said on The Overlap. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He’ll go down in the top players of all time and always will be and what happens this summer at Manchester United will be forgotten about in 20 years. “But it’s unpalatable for me to watch the next Manchester United captain, the next Manchester United senior player and thinking that at this moment in time the star player in the dressing room is playing up.” And he added: “You can’t have your star player in a club running the shop. You cannot have it. “So when Sir Alex Ferguson in the past moved players on, its because he was needed to be moved on. “I know Manchester United fans want Ronaldo to stay but if Ronaldo wants to leave, Manchester United, in my mind, should facilitate that.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here