Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has slammed Trent Alexander-Arnold for his defensive work after Jadon Sancho put Manchester United 1-0 up against Jurgen Klopp’s side. The Sky Sports commentator claimed that the England full-back needed “to wake up” in a disappointing first half for the 23-year-old. “Liverpool are all over the place,” Carragher said after Sancho’s goal. “Especially on that right-hand side. Trent has had as poor as a 17 minutes as I’ve seen him, he needs to wake up. The last time [Virgil] Van Dijk and [Joe] Gomez played together it was the 7-2 away at Aston Villa, it looks like we’re watching something similar here. Embarrassing how easy it is for Manchester United now, every time they go forward they look like they’re going to score.” Anthony Elanga played a one-two with Christian Eriksen as he went past Alexander-Arnold before pulling the ball back for Sancho who turned before finishing well past Alisson in the 16th minute as Carragher bluntly described Liverpool's first half. "Liverpool have been absolutely shocking defensively," Carragher said. The goal meant that it is the seventh Premier League game in a row where Liverpool have conceded first, after also surrendering early leads to Crystal Palace and Fulham this season before coming back to draw. JUST IN: Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism Alexander-Arnold was also blamed for Fulham’s opening goal as Aleksandar Mitrovic towered over him to score the first goal in the 2-2 draw at Craven Cottage in the Reds' first Premier League game of the season. Former Liverpool striker Peter Crouch on that day claimed that the Liverpool defender needed to be more like Gary Neville after he failed to stop the Serbian striker from scoring. “As a forward, you see those crosses [and] your eyes light up,” Crouch explained Mitrovic's first goal to BT Sport. “Trent just couldn’t live with it. Just as you jump, Gary Neville was good at it, he’s got to be stronger. You need to have more strength there.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal have four stars to thank after accomplishing rare featLeeds hero Danny Mills has Brenden Aaronson doubt despite superb startMbappe and Messi bury the hatchet to combine for eight-second goal Alexander-Arnold was also booked for a foul in the first half where Manchester United were the better of the two sides. Elanga could have put them ahead even earlier when he was through on goal but hit the post, but once again Carragher questioned Alexander-Arnold’s positioning. “Liverpool need to wake up,” Carragher said on commentary. “Brilliant start from Man United. I mean, where’s Trent? Gomez is miles away. He’s got to score, he should score. Liverpool need to wake up and get to the party. What were Liverpool expecting? Lost the last two, the atmosphere was going to electric, they were going to start strong.” Former United defender Neville added: “It’s like a hot knife through butter at the moment they’re just getting behind Liverpool. It was absolutely brilliant, it’s been frantic at times but the football they’ve played. The ball comes across, the composure from Sancho, Manchester United needed that, he needed that. They’ve been the better team for 15 minutes and they’ve got the goal to go with it.”