Devi Vishwakumar (played by Maitreyi Ramakrishnan) and Paxton Hall-Yoshida (Darren Barnet) became a couple in the latest instalment of Mindy Kaling and Lang Fisher's hit Netflix dramedy Never Have I Ever. However, their romance proved to be a rocky affair as Devi's insecurities got the better of her. Despite Paxton being very much enamoured with Devi, she ultimately self-sabotaged and was left with a broken heart. Season three ended with Paxton getting into several colleges after he managed to turn his grades around and was accepted by Arizona State University (ASU), among others. Paxton decided he wanted to head to ASU, taking him far away from his hometown and friends. His best friend Trent Harrison (Ben Norris) was utterly heartbroken by his decision to leave with quite a distance between Arizona and California. In fact, it was only at Eleanor Wong's (Ramona Young) behest Trent finally made it up with Paxton and accepted his friend was heading off to university. READ MORE: Never Have I Ever season 4: Will there be another series? Trent and Paxton made it up with the former swimming jock saying they would always be best friends despite the distance. Paxton graduated from high school, delivering an inspiring speech to his fellow students and essentially thanked Devi for guiding him on his journey of self-discovery. Even though they'd broken up, Paxton clearly Still had feelings for Devi and asked her if she'd noticed his shout out. Paxton even asked Devi if she'd come visit him at ASU and do his "college-level" homework. However, Devi seemed to have moved on her feelings for Ben Gross (Jaren Lewison) resurfaced. Season three felt very much like the last chapter for Paxton as he seemed to bow out and leave his friends and family behind. From a narrative perspective, the series rounded off Paxton's story arc well as he showed some wonderful character development. He went from an aloof jock to a kind, caring young man who held a deep affection for Devi. Fans of Paxton can breathe easy after Barnet broke his silence about whether the character will be featured in the final outing. He told Deadline: "Well, the whole structure of season four is going to be Devi’s senior year. "So what we were going for in season three — before I finish this sentence, I want you to know Paxton Hall-Yoshida is in season four." Season four wrapped filming this month with the cast having a huge party to mark the end of the show. DON'T MISS...Never Have I Ever review: If Sex Education and Heartstopper had baby [VERDICT]Never Have I Ever season 3 Netflix release time: What time is it out? [EXPLAINER]Never Have I Ever cast: Who is in the cast of Never Have I Ever? [INSIGHT] Speaking to Elle US about his final day, Barnet said he and his co-star Norris shared an emotional moment on Paxton's garage set. He said: “We gave each other a hug and started crying." The star added: “And it was crazy. We both were like, ‘I did not expect to cry.’...It really was that kind of aha moment, like, 'We did this'.” Audiences will have to see how Paxton is brought back into the final series, but he could be visiting during the holidays from college. Alternatively, he may have changed his mind about ASU altogether and gone somewhere more local. The one thing fans can look forward to is more of the love triangle between Devi, Ben and Paxton. Never Have I Ever season 3 is streaming on Netflix now