The Duchess of Sussex became a Princess upon marrying Harry in 2018 but Meghan only uses her Duchess title on a regular basis. Meghan goes by her title, the Duchess of Sussex, on the Archewell website, which is a non-profit organisation she created with Harry after stepping down from their royal roles. But despite this, it wouldn't be incorrect to call her a Princess, according to royal commentators. Meghan turned 41 last week and received an outpouring of well wishes and birthday tributes from friends online. Tyler Perry, an actor and close friend of the royal couple, referred to Meghan as "Princess Meghan" in a social media post for her birthday on August 4.  Alongside a photo of Meghan kissing a young girl's hand, Mr Perry also wrote: "I'm so incredibly proud to see how happy you, your husband, and your kids are now. It fills me with joy to say Happy Birthday Princess Meghan". Meghan and Harry left royal life in 2020 and relocated to the US but she has kept the Duchess title and is still considered a Princess, royal experts say. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Insider, referencing Harry's Duke of Sussex title given to him by the Queen when he married Markle: "Of course, Meghan is a princess. She would be styled as Princess Henry if Harry did not have a Dukedom". Koenig said the couple chose to be known as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex rather than Prince and Princess because it's ranked higher. READ MORE: UK taxpayer fury as it STILL forks out for Prince Andrew security The pair are said to have 'prince' and 'princess' as their occupations on their son Archie's birth certificate when he was born in 2019. They listed the same on their daughter Lilibet's birth certificate, who was born in California on June 4, 2021, after the couple had stepped back from royal duties. According to the expert, the same titles also apply for Prince William and Kate Middleton. The Cambridges also listed their occupations as Prince and Princess of the United Kingdom on their children's birth certificates. Some members of the public called for Harry and Meghan to be stripped of their Duke and Duchess titles when they stepped back from their royal duties.  However, royal commentators have previously claimed Harry would not lose his dukedom because it is his "birthright" as the son of Prince Charles, heir to the throne. Robert Jobson, royal editor at the Evening Standard, said: "The Queen made the decision to honour Harry by making him a royal duke on his wedding day. He is, and will always be, a prince — given he is the second son of the heir to the throne." Amid calls for the couple to have their titles revoked, Katie Nicholl, a royal biographer, also claimed: "I think it would be highly unlikely for the Queen to revoke Harry's title. It is his birthright. " Meanwhile, Princess Eugenie, Princess Beatrice, and Lady Sophie Windsor also spent time living in the US and were not asked to give up their titles. 