Even with the best Sky deals, your satellite telly bill could be starting to look like an expensive luxury. Fortunately, there is a way to slash those monthly bills and still get plenty of channels to watch. Freesat is a service that leverages the satellite dish that's already fixed to the outside of your home to beam HD content direct to the big screen without paying any monthly subscription fees. Although you won't be able to watch the premium channels available with Sky Glass and Sky Q, like Sky Sports or Sky Cinema, Freesat viewers still get over 170 channels to watch including BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and other services such as Dave, Sky Arts, Quest and Great! TV. The only thing you need to buy is a new set-top box and, right now, Freesat is offering these Sky Q-style devices at a much-reduced price. The limited-time sale, which ends this weekend, is offering customers the chance to buy a telly receiver for just £199.99 – that's a £30 saving. Although that may still sound expensive, once the initial fee is paid everything you then watch won't cost a penny. Considering Sky contracts start from around £26 per month (£312 per year) there's a big saving to be made. Just like its Sky rival, these Freesat devices can pause live telly, show content in stunning 4K and, thanks to a 500GB hard disk, can store around 125 hours of content - there's even the option to record four shows at the same time. Sound enticing? As long as you have a dish installed already this is a much more affordable way to tune into your favourite shows. SEE THE DEALS BELOW CURRYSFREESAT 500GB • NOW 199.99SEE THE DEAL HERE ARGOSFREESAT 500GB • NOW 199.99SEE THE DEAL HERE Although Freesat is offering this discount, Sky is also fighting back with some pretty good deals of its own. There's currently a deal on Sky Sports which slashes the price to £44 per month – saving £7 every month. You can also get £3 per month off Sky Q with Cinema and Netflix, which drops the monthly cost to £35. If you buy the all-new Sky Glass 4K TV right now, you'll unlock free broadband for six months! Better still, this free broadband is available on any download speed! You'll find all of the best Sky TV deals in our comprehensive guide.