Uhtred of Bebbanburg’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) story will soon be back on screens as part of Netflix’s feature-length The Last Kingdom blockbuster, Seven King Must Die. But while spoilers are being kept heavily guarded, a number of the historical drama’s fandom have been keeping up to date with leading star Dreymon on social media - and he had quite the surprise in store on Friday, August 12. In view of his 1.3million Instagram followers, Dreymon revealed he’d been gifted a replica of Uhtred’s iconic sword. “I’m very excited,” Dreymon said in a short clip of the unveiling before letting out a whistle as he uncovered the item. He went on: “It’s gorgeous. Look at that. I feel like I should be using the sword to open this one.” Dreymon then reached for a second package sent his way, filled with more goodies. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Rognavaldr star takes swipe at the season finale Speaking to his followers, he went on: “I’m gonna use the sword for everything now - making dinner, clipping my toenails… it needs a bit of sharpening. “Sihtric!” Dreymon jokingly called out, referring to Uhtred’s fellow warrior, played by Arnas Fedaravičius. After struggling with the sword, Dreymon conceded defeat as he told his fanbase: “Okay, maybe I’m not going to use my sword for everything!” He eventually let out a roar before dropping a key quote of Uhtred’s which sent fans into a frenzy. “Destiny is all!” Dreymon yelled before turning to the camera and asking: “You wanna play with it?” Dreymon accompanied the video with a caption thanking the senders for their sweet tribute to his iconic Last Kingdom alter-ego. He penned: “Thank you to all my friends at @carnivalfilms for this precious gift. “I will send you the bill when I accidentally stab the couch. I’ll always be grateful to you for letting me be your Uhtred. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Brida star admits being mocked by Alexander DreymonLast Kingdom film: Why isn't Sonya Cassidy in Seven Kings Must Die?The Last Kingdom’s Father Benedict star taken aback by season 5 “Thank you for the journey and for everything I’ve learned along the way. “Destiny is all,” he signed off, again repeating the famous Last Kingdom phrase. Needless to say, it didn’t take long for hundreds of fans to express their delight at the tribute to Uhtred. And among the reactions to the post were a few familiar faces as a number of his Last Kingdom co-stars shared their thoughts. The aforementioned Fedaravičius cheekily replied: “@alexander.dreymon when you said ‘you want to play with it?’ - you meant the sword, right? Right?!” While Aelswith actor Eliza Butterworth added: “Bring that to the next Witan meeting and I’ll have you removed imminently Lord Uhtred. Once a heathen, always a heathen xxxxxxxx.” (sic) And Brida star Emily Cox simply added to the comments with a love heart emoji for her co-star. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix now.