The frontrunner - widely predicted to see off Rishi Sunak and replace outgoing Boris Johnson in No 10 Downing Street - also jokingly compared her time in the rival party to the misadventures of other young people with “sex, drugs and rock and roll”. Ms Truss, Tory MP for South West Norfolk, famously addressed the Lib Dem conference in 1994, in a speech in which she called for the abolition of the monarchy. She told party members assembled in Eastbourne on the South Coast: “People may know about me that I have a bit of a dubious past. “When I was a teenager, I was a member of the Liberal Democrats.” In response to loud jeers from the audience, she added: “We all make mistakes, we all had teenage misadventures, and that was mine. “Some people have sex, drugs and rock and roll, I was in the Liberal Democrats. I'm sorry. “But I became a Conservative because I met people who were like-minded and I thought, ‘I believe in what they're talking about,’ and for me, it was about personal freedom, the ability to shape your own life and shape your own destiny. “And that's what motivated me to become a Conservative.” Ms Truss was confronted with her past - including her time as a Lib Dem and her campaigning to keep Britain in the EU in 2016 - during a Sky News interview early this week, with presenter Kay Burley adding: “Will the real Liz Truss please stand up.” JUST IN: We can't afford to wait for a new PM to tackle the energy crisis Ms Truss was the President of Oxford Union Liberal Democrats when she was a student at Merton College, and was a member of the national executive committee of Liberal Democrat Youth and Students. She joined the Conservative Party in 1996, aged 21. As well as being a republican, she also backed the legalisation of cannabis, and campaigned against the Criminal Justice Bill, primarily aimed at curbing illegal raves and free parties. Minutes before her reference to her Lib Dem past, Ms Truss was interrupted by five protesters believed to be from the Green New Deal Rising group, who heckled her over climate change and energy bills and shouted "Shame on you". DON'T MISSLord Frost unveils 20 DEMANDS for next PM to protect Brexit Britain [REVEAL]Liz Truss: Which MPs have declared support for Liz Truss? [INSIGHT]Kay Burley goes viral with brutal Tory debate probe into Truss [VIDEO] The five protesters, believed to be from the Green New Deal Rising group, heckled Ms Truss over climate change and energy bills. Speaking after they were ejected, Ms Truss, who has previously admitted to growing up in a "left-wing family" said: "Can I just say a few words on the militant people who try and disrupt our country and who try and disrupt our democratic process and try and disrupt our essential services. "I would legislate immediately to make sure that we are standing up to militant trade unions who stop ordinary commuters getting into work. "And I would legislate to protect our essential services." Foreign Secretary Ms Truss - whose campaign had a wobble earlier this week when she was forced to bin a policy which critics said would have cut the wages of public sector workers outside London - got a major boost earlier after Tory former minister Nus Ghani came out in support of her campaign at the start of the debate. Ms Truss was introduced by Ms Ghani, who told Tory members that because of her role as the vice-chairwoman of the 1922 Committee of backbench Conservative MPs, she had not been able to back a candidate until this stage of the race.