Laura Hamilton was tasked with finding house hunters Gordon and Stephanie their perfect home in the popular resort of La Mata on Spain's Costa Blanca. The couple decided it was the perfect time to buy a holiday home close to a golf course. A Place in the Sun property expert Laura had five homes lined up for them to search in the Channel 4 staple, keeping in mind their budget of £125,000. But during the last search, Stephanie cancelled the tour of the house and said she "hated" parts of it based on the one room she looked at. After a tough start for Laura, the pair ended up falling in love with property four - a three-bed townhouse in Benijófar. However, when it came to looking at the last house, Laura was hoping to delight the couple once more. Property five was a three-bed duplex in Villamartin. Valued at £145,295, it featured communal pools, a pretty garden and large rooms. It also overlooked a golf course, which keen golfer Gordon was delighted by. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold When they got to the house, however, Stephanie appeared sceptical before stepping inside. "I'm not feeling the love and enthusiasm from you, Stephanie," Laura noticed. "I think we need to get in, it doesn't look as attractive as property four," the guest replied. "I thought you'd be a bit more excited," Laura admitted. "I think Gordon's excited because there's a golf course right there." As they entered the house, Stephanie seemed adamant she wouldn't like the property. "What do we think of this living space?" Laura asked hopefully, to which Gordon replied: "It's nice." "I don't like it," Laura stated bluntly. Laughing, Laura asked: "What is it you don't like about it, that it's not property four?" "I think so, yeah," Stephanie confirmed. "I'm not feeling it. It's dark as well and I don't like that brick wall, we had one when we first moved - I hated it then and I hate it now." DON'T MISS... Neighbours smashes audience record with final episode [LATEST]Loose Women's Sunetra Sarker hits out at Vardy and Rooney judgement [VIDEO]Ranvir Singh leaves co-star gobsmacked with brutal weight jibe [VIDEO] "It's just all about property four for you, isn't it?" Laura asked. "We've kind of always brought on feeling and our first instincts," Gordon replied. "And our first instinct is on property four. "We had a great feeling about that one. [With] this one, we've not had that same feeling." "So what do you want to do?" Laura inquired. "Do you want to look at the rest of the property?" "I don't think it's even worth looking, to be honest, I think it's property four," Stephanie remarked. Property four was on the market for £115,385, and the couple later decided to make an offer of £112,500 excluding the furniture or the full asking price with the furniture induced. Starting with the initial deal, the seller came back with a counteroffer, asking for £1,000 more to have the fully-furnished property. The delighted couple took the deal, with Laura admitting: "It's been one of my favourite house searches!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.