The Queen is spending her summer holiday at Balmoral Castle in Aberdeenshire, her private Scottish hideaway. While in residence at Balmoral, the Queen adheres to certain traditions which include receiving visits from the prime minister and members of the Royal Family. The Queen also rarely misses the Braemar Gathering, a traditional Highland fixture. The Royal Family started attending the Braemar Gathering during the reign of Queen Victoria, who also purchased Balmoral with her husband Prince Albert. Throughout her reign, the Queen has been pictured looking elated while watching the games with Prince Charles and other royals. Highland events include tossing the caber, hammer-throwing and an intense tug-of-war. Many members of the public descend on The Princess Royal And Duke Of Fife Memorial Park to watch the event too.  READ MORE: Prince William echoes Princess Diana's 'loyalty to the Queen' The Braemar Games will return this Saturday, September 3, and usually, the Queen and other royals have front-row seats. But according to The Mail on Sunday, the Queen is "carefully considering" whether she will be able to attend the games. The Queen is experiencing episodic mobility problems that have prompted her to alter or cancel her public appearances since last autumn. As has been the case with the monarch's diary in recent months, the Queen's attendance at the Braemar Gathering will likely be confirmed closer to the time.  There have already been some significant changes to the Queen's Scottish holiday this year. Upon arrival at Balmoral this summer, the traditional welcome ceremony where the Queen inspects a Guard of Honour from Balaklava Company, 5th Battalion, The Royal ­Regiment of Scotland, was reduced to a small event behind castle gates. A royal source told the Mirror: "The traditional welcome to Balmoral is normally cemented in the Queen's calendar and something Her Majesty really enjoys, being able to greet locals who travel to see her. "It's a bitter disappointment the ceremony will not take place in its traditional form."  DON'T MISS: The most unique royal birth stories - including the Queen's [INSIGHT]Queen's favourite local foods from her royal estates [ANALYSIS]The Queen and Princess Anne stepped out in matching yellow outfits [PICTURES] The Queen could also reportedly swear in the UK's new prime minister at Balmoral for the first time instead of at Windsor Castle or Buckingham Palace. Elections are expected to be held in early September, and the Queen usually resides at Balmoral until October time. According to The Sun, a change of location for the constitutional event could be implemented to minimise the Queen's travel. A source told the publication: “The Queen has now been advised not to travel. "But obviously no one tells the Queen what to do and ultimately it is her decision, and as we saw when she made a third appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony at the Jubilee she likes surprises." 