Yesterday, 1,900 workers at Felixstowe downed tools to mount an eight-day strike, after the Unite union turned down a pay deal worth more than seven per cent. If the crisis at the port, owned by Felixstowe Dock and Railway Company, drags on into the autumn, shockwaves could be felt throughout all sectors of the economy. There are fears the dispute could ruin Christmas for millions, as supplies to manufacturers and sellers are choked off. It will create massive disruption to the supply of food and drink, retail and commercial goods at a critical time of year. James Hookham, director of Global Shippers Forum, said: "We are just entering peak season for consumer goods movements. From now on, ships will be arriving from the Far East in increasing numbers with goods for the three peaks in retail sales - Halloween, Black Friday and Christmas." A port source said: "Disruption is the new normal.The supply chain has moved from just in time...to just in case." Felixstowe official Paul Davey said workers earning an average of £43,000 had been offered a seven per cent rise, plus a one-off £500 payment. He said that represented an increase of between 8.1 and 9.6 per cent, depending on the worker, when the average UK pay rise was five per cent. Mr Davey added: "We've got a shrinking economy, we're going into recession. I think that's a very fair offer indeed. It serves Unite's purpose well to have a strike here at Felixstowe. I know many workers feel they're being used as pawns in this game.   It is the first time dock workers at the Suffolk port have gone on strike in 30 years. About 2,550 people work at Felixstowe, which handles almost half of all container cargo arriving in the country. Striking employees include crane drivers, machine operators and stevedores, who load and unload the ships. Unite official Bobby Morton warned: "Strike action will cause huge disruption and generate massive shockwaves throughout the UK's supply chain." Felixstowe has been beset by crippling supply chain problems in recent years. Panic spread last year as containers built up following severe delays unloading cargoes full of Christmas goods. The crisis was made worse by the unresolved truck driver shortage, meaning stock was unable to move inland by road and rail to warehouses and retail outlets. Industry experts said other UK ports could ease the burden, but the reality is some goods will languish overseas, such as Rotterdam, Zeebrugge and Ostend. Dr Kamran Mahroof, supply chain analytics associate professor at Bradford University, said: "This is probably a critical time in terms of some of the seasonal goods that will be coming into the UK. Although a lot of the goods that pass through this port might be fridges and laptops, a lot of frozen food might also be coming through this channel. "So there will be disruptions, but the importance here is to ensure that it is limited only for eight days, as they say. Prolonging this might mean we might have to divert where goods go, but infrastructure might not be able to cope."  Business group Logistics UK said: "Container imports are generally not extremely time-sensitive. So while there may be some short-term delays as a result of the strike, it should not affect short-life goods, which are primarily transported via road or air freight. "Shipping lines have already said they will be bringing forward or pushing back stops at Felixstowe to avoid the strike period, or may drop to other ports. There may also be some shortterm shifts to air cargo. "While strike action of any kind can cause problems for the supply chain, it is worth remembering the UK's logistics industry is flexible and resilient and can find alternative routes when issues occur to alleviate potential disruption." The dockers' dispute is the latest in a string of walkouts that has disrupted everyday life for tens of millions. People say the deepening costof-living emergency has left them unable to afford to pay bills and buy essentials. The crisis has led to workers across all industries demanding higher wage settlements.  Consumer Price Index inflation now stands at 10.1 per cent and is expected to reach 13 per cent over the coming year. Rail workers continue to cause havoc to the travelling public after staging a series of strikes, while refuse collectors have also taken industrial action in conflicts over pay and conditions.  Barristers and postal workers have also launched strikes and members of the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) are set to vote next month on action. It would be the first walkout by RCN members in England, Wales or Scotland and throw the NHS into meltdown at a time of peak demand. The RCN wants a fully funded pay rise of five per cent above inflation, which it says is currently 11.8 per cent.