Naga Munchetty has sent her support to BBC co-star Gethin Jones after he announced his dog had died. Taking to Twitter, Naga shared her condolences with Morning Live host Gethin. Alongside a photo of his treasured pet, Gethin had tweeted: “Gonna miss this fella a lot. He started @BBCMorningLive with us, he was calm and distinguished. “We shared a sofa, he was my mate. It was amazing to see how happy he made everyone. @drjgreenwood #Olly”. In view of her 276.4k followers, Naga wrote: “So sorry x”. Lisa wrote: “So sorry to hear about Olly … it is heartbreaking when we loose our dogs/pets they are very much part of the family &the pain we feel is immense. “Well done Dr Greenwood for getting through today that would have been difficult … & to Gethin for loosing his sofa furbuddy hugs to all”. [sic] Penny added: “Evening All at Morning Live, I'm sorry for your loss, When I used to see Ollie on Morning Live I always used to say Awe what lovely …s, Now Dr Greenwood you need to keep the memories together and don't forget Ollie, he's gone to doggy heaven… God bless”. [sic] One-eyed dog Oli was a regular fixture on Morning Live and Gethin looked back on the joy he brought to the show today. He spoke to the show’s resident vet Dr James Greenwood about grieving for a pet. "Pet bereavement is utterly heartbreaking and I know you've got some advice for us,” said Gethin. "But before we do, Oli was such a massive part of Morning Live from the very start, it's been almost two years, we've been doing Morning Live." He reflected: "I remember Oli coming in when we started the show and [where] it's a new show and everyone's quite stressed and there he was. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle left ‘squirming’ as Mariah Carey brands her a ‘diva’ [LATEST] Lorraine Kelly posts rare picture of 'handsome baby brother' [PICTURES] "He settled down on the rug and everyone felt better and happier." Gethin continued to highlight the importance of Oli on the show, particularly during the change of location. He added: "Then we made the move to Manchester and he was with us through Covid and we're going to massively miss him. "That's a big problem isn't it with grief, whether it's a human or a pet - it's utterly heartbreaking." Dr James agreed, and spoke about the complicated nature of grief, his own experiences and how not everyone deals with it the same way. "I have felt so silly it's bizarre, so ridiculous that I mean it just comes from nowhere, you know, just out and about you'll just burst into tears,” he said. "Go to the gym - burst into tears, at home making lunch - bursting into tears and I just can't explain it but you have this overwhelming feeling that you're being ridiculous just because it's a dog. "But, I just think it's so unfair that we have this stigmatism around it because grief is individual." * Morning Live airs on BBC One every weekday at 9.15am