 Switching off lights, turning down the thermostat and skipping the tumble dryer can all shrink your energy usage. So can turning off appliances at the wall rather than leaving them on standby. Everybody knows that.    Other energy-saving measures include only running your dishwasher on a full load, rather than running two half loads. Halving your shower time from eight to four minutes and avoiding baths altogether will also cut your hot water consumption, saving money. There are plenty more ways to make sure your appliances are not eating energy unnecessarily. For example, reducing your gas boiler temperature from 80° centigrade to around 50° and 60° should ensure you only heat the hot water you need. Running your washing machine on a 30° cycle will also help. As will defrosting your fridge and freezer, which reduces ice build-up and boosts efficiency. Yet incredibly, there is one appliance you should be using MORE. Energy guru Josh Jackman, senior writer at the theecoexperts.co.uk, has named one piece of kitchen equipment that saves money when you use it, compared to doing the same job by hand.   From October 1, the energy price cap will jump by 80 percent, from £1,971 to a staggering £3,549 a year for the average household. Jackman says the best way to prepare for the upcoming price hike is to set your home up to use less energy. “In response, we’ve put together a list of recommended free actions which everyone should use if they can.” He says if you follow all of his free steps from October 2022 to April 2023, you’ll cut your energy bills by a total of £472, on average. Jackman added: “The typical household is set to pay £1,835 in this time period, which means the actions below represent a 26 percent saving.” His tips are practical and useful, but one is counterintuitive as you would expect it to cost MORE money. READ MORE: This appliance will cost you £1,000 a year as energy cap jumps Jackman says it is actually cheaper to use your dishwasher to do your plates, glasses and crockery, rather than washing them by hand. This will actually save you £307 between April and October. His second biggest energy saving tip, turning down your thermostat by 1°, will save a third as much, around £96 a year. Having a four-minute shower will save £75 per person, while turning off electrical goods at standby saves £59 over the year. His remaining four measures are also well worth doing. All those make sense, but the dishwasher tip still seems unlikely. Yet other experts also echo Jackman's view. DON'T MISS:State pensioners' income slashed by £800 amid cost of living crisis [LATEST]‘I took on British Gas and won’ - woman's refund after energy fight [GUIDE]Pensioner says she’ll eat soup and a roll as price cap hits [INSIGHT]  The average running cost of a dishwasher is as little as £37 and £48 per year, according to the Energy Saving Trust. That will rise from October, but it still represents great value. You can also keep the cost down by using your “eco” setting. Dishwashers only use electricity to control the electronics and the pump, though some older models require access to your household hot water supply. Modern dishwashers do not use any of your home’s hot water supply as they simply use cold water and heat it internally. This makes them low-cost and energy-efficient. Plus they will also give your plates a proper clean. Better still, they will slash your water usage. The Energy Saving Trust claims that hand washing dishes makes up four percent of the average household’s water use – whereas using a dishwasher uses just one percent. Those who wash up under running water are literally pouring money down the drain, as they use nine times more water than a dishwasher. If you do not have a dishwasher, you can cut water usage when washing up by putting a basin in your sink. Here are 25 more ways to save energy. 