Prince Charles currently has four homes across the UK. Speaking on Palace Confidential, the Daily Mail's Editor-At-Large Richard Kay claimed that the Queen's eldest son, and heir to the throne, is looking at holding on to the Queen's properties that he owns so his grandchildren, in particular Prince William's two youngest children, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis, have future "starter homes". Palace Confidential's host Jo Elvin stated that Prince Charles has "four homes", including "Clarence House, Highgrove, Birkhall in Scotland and place in Wales". She also added he has some holiday residences, including the "Castle of Mey, where he likes to holiday, Dumfries House, which he saved for the nation, and a Romanian estate". Ms Elvin asked Mr Kay if there is going to be "any decisions" for Charles to make after having "all the Queen's properties that he will inherit". Mr Kay said: "There could be a big audit when he becomes King. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's private staff could speak out against her under whistleblowing rules "He's going to have to work out what to do with these properties." He added: "There's one thing, I will say, is the royals have always been very reluctant to dispose of properties once they've got them." Mr Kay continued: "He may well be future-proofing, he'll be thinking in terms of where his grandchildren are going to want to live. "Now, even if you, sort of, mothball them for years to come  so when George, Louis, and Charlotte are looking for their starter homes, they're already there." READ MORE: Archie's adorable name for Meghan and Harry as Duchess shares intimate moment with son The property portfolio of Prince Charles and Camilla is one of the Royal Family's most impressive. Clarence House is the official London residence of Prince Charles and his wife. Despite this, the couple does spend a lot of time at Highgrove and their Scottish residence, Birkhall. Charles and Camilla self-isolated at Birkhall during the coronavirus pandemic. DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan inherited 12 jewels worth £593K from Princess Diana [REPORT] Eamonn Holmes in fiery Meghan Markle rant 'Move on' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'pinned up as bigger star' than Mariah Carey in podcast [REVEAL] Castle of Mey was inherited by Prince Charles, following the death of his grandmother, the Queen Mother, in 2002. Charles also owns a property called Dolphin House, which is unique for a royal property as it can be rented out by the public when the royals are not staying there. In 2019, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge enjoyed a summer break there with their three children. READ NEXT: