Earlier this year, then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed the Government would be enacting changes to the threshold on the tax on working-age people. The National Insurance threshold is the point at which taxpayers start to pay the standard rate of the tax on their salary or on their profits. As a result of Mr Sunak’s intervention, the primary threshold for the main rate of the tax was raised from £9,880 to £12,570 as of last month. Experts believe this latest move from the Government will give taxpayers an annual pay rise of £330. Current estimates from the Government suggest around 30 million people will benefit from the threshold change. Around 70 percent of National Insurance taxpayers will pay less contributions following this alteration to the threshold. This figure also takes into account the upcoming Health and Social Care Levy which is being introduced next year to pay for the UK’s struggling social care sector.  READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out National Insurance was temporarily hiked this past year as a precursor to the levy which received a great deal of attention and criticism. The more recent change to the tax threshold will relieve much of the burden from the initial hike to National Insurance contributions. Following the threshold change, around 2.2 million people will no longer pay Class 1 and Class 4 National Insurance contributions, as well as the Health and Social Care Levy. This will come as a relief to many taxpayers who are struggling with the UK’s ongoing cost of living crisis.  Alice Haine, the personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, outlined what the latest National Insurance change means to savers. Ms Haine explained: “This equates to a saving of over £330 on average, when compared to the previous three months of National Insurance contributions, with the cash boost also set to benefit a further 30 million typical employees earning over the new £12,570 threshold, including higher earners. “However, the saving is even higher for lower- to middle-income earners when compared to the National Insurance rates paid in the 2021-22 tax year – with those earning less than around £35,000 having their NI contributions cut by more than the amount they pay through the 1.25 percent levy. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  “That’s effectively 70 percent of people seeing their National Insurance drop below what they were paying last year. The picture is less rosy for higher earners. “Yes, they still secure that nice little £330 uplift to their net pay next month but if they compare their contributions after July 6 to the 2021-22 tax year they will be paying more. “This is because those earning more than the upper earnings limit (UEL) of £50,270 also saw National Insurance contributions on income above that threshold charged at an increased rate of 3.25 percent from April 6, up from two percent.” However, the finance expert noted that the threshold change “won’t go far” in light of wages falling in real-terms as a result of rise in the cost of living. She added: “While it’s welcome in these financially challenging times that every worker will see a fall in their National insurance bill next month compared to the previous three months – delivering a mini-boost to pay packets in dark economic times - the uplift won’t go far when you consider that real wages are falling amid rampant inflation as the cost-of-living crisis batters household finances. “The good news is that eight million vulnerable households will also receive the first of Rishi Sunak’s cost-of-living cash payments of £326 on July 14, offering additional relief for those struggling the most. “This will be followed by a second instalment in the autumn, forming part of a £1,200 support package for those hardest hit by the cost-of-living crisis.”