Lady Louise arrived at the event with her parents, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, and her brother James. Shortly after, the Cambridges arrived. Fans were delighted as Princess Charlotte, seven, joined them for the event.   Kate was seen greeting her cousin-by-marriage as she shuffled into the stands. The Duchess was seen wearing an all-white three piece suit as Princess Charlotte sported a smart striped dress that featured a Peter Pan style collar. Prince William, wearing a navy suit and beige trousers, followed after his wife and greeted his aunt, uncle and young cousins. Sophie Wessex was also seen sharing a hug with Kate, as Princess Charlotte greeted her extended family members.  The group attended the fifth day of the Commonwealth Games to watch the 1500m Freestyle swimming race. The event was held at the Aquatics Centre in the Midlands, with the Cambridges sitting just in front of the Wessexes. Lady Louise was spotted on the fourth day of the games wearing the same £985 Peter Piloto dress that her mother Sophie Wessex wore to the Chelsea Flower Show in 2015. She looked the spitting image of her mother as she sported a half-up half-down hairstyle.  READ MORE: Kate ditches engagement ring for Games For the fifth day, Lady Louise wore a Lipsy boho printed skirt paired with a white blouse and simple trainers. Sophie Wessex was seen wearing tailored white trousers and a pink blouse, with Prince Edward and son James wearing smart shirts and trousers for the event. Lady Louise appeared to beam as she greeted the Duchess of Cambridge.Much like her 14-year-old brother, Louise is growing up far from the spotlight, thanks to her parents' decision not to give her a royal title. Since November last year, when she became an adult, Louise has gained the ability to decide for herself whether she wants to take on the HRH style and title of princess she has the right to as granddaughter of the sovereign.  DON'T MISS:Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life' [COMMENT]Archie Battersbee parents hoping for High Court lifeline TODAY [INSIGHT]Travel icon Judith Chalmers shares top stress-free travel tips [OPINION] However, her mother Sophie does not expect her children to choose to become working members of the Firm. The Wessexes are expected to be seen at a number of events, having already made an appearance several times since the games begun last Friday. Yesterday, was the Cambridges first appearance, with the Prince of Wales and Camilla attending the Opening Ceremony and delivering the Queen’s speech last Friday. 