Type 2 diabetes stems from a dysfunction in the way the body produces insulin - a hormone secreted by the pancreas. Insulin regulates blood sugar levels in the body. Poor insulin reduction therefore results in unregulated blood sugar levels, which can cause a cascade of problems. Luckily, there is a workaround - improving your diet. Specific items have been touted for their blood sugar-lowering prowess. Chamomile tea falls into this category. Chamomile, which is called manzanilla in some areas, has been used in traditional medicine for hundreds of years as a natural panacea. The herbal tea has long been suspected of having antidiabetes properties. In a study published in the journal Nutrition, chamomile tea was shown to tame average blood sugar levels over months. READ MORE: Diabetes: The cheese to ‘significantly' reduce blood sugar without increasing cholesterol Researchers examined the effects of chamomile tea on glycaemic (presence of blood sugar in the blood) indices in patients with type 2 diabetes. For the study, 64 subjects with type 2 diabetes (males and females) ages 30 to 60 years were recruited. The intervention group consumed chamomile tea (3 g/150 mL hot water) three times per day immediately after meals for eight weeks. The control group followed a water regimen for same intervention period. DON'T MISSPopular herb shown to prevent heart disease [TIPS]Blood clots: Popular drink linked to a higher risk [ADVICE]Non-alcoholic drink linked to retinal disease [INSIGHT] Blood sugar levels were measured at the beginning and at the end of the trial. Chamomile tea "significantly" decreased concentration of glycosylated haemoglobin. Glycosylated haemoglobin, also known as A1C tests, measure average blood glucose over the past two to three months. The researchers concluded: "Short term intake of chamomile tea has beneficial effects on glycemic control and antioxidant status in patients with T2 DM [type 2 diabetes mellitus]. READ MORE: Diabetes: The 53p snack that can ‘control’ blood sugar levels - study "A larger sample population and a longer intervention period may be required to show significant clinical improvements." Other studies point to the antidiabetic effect of chamomile tea. One report, published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, found rats with diabetes that were given chamomile supplements showed decreased blood glucose levels. The research needs to be repeated in human studies before recommendations based on these findings can be made. Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: "See a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes," advises the NHS.