August is set to see record temperatures, amber warnings across the country, and a hosepipe ban with a potential £1,000 fine coming into effect. With gardeners and homeowners worrying about how to care for their lawns and greenery, Jack Sutcliffe, founder of Yorkshire-based shed manufacturer, Power Sheds, has exclusively shared with Express.co.uk the four biggest mistakes gardeners can make in the heatwave. Jack explained: “Extreme heat can cause flowers to wilt, burn leaves and dry out the roots, which in the worst cases, can kill plants. “As we start to see higher temperatures, we need to start taking extra precautions when looking after our gardens to see them through the summer. “The most common mistake to make in a heatwave is definitely overwatering, as gardeners panic to keep their garden healthy by watering, not only does this waste large amounts of water, but can do more harm to your garden than good. “Be sure to avoid the following mistakes to keep your garden healthy all summer long.” READ MORE: Where to keep your hanging baskets - will ‘thrive’ in hot weather Many gardeners worry about the quality of their plants and grass depleting in extreme temperatures, with “the number one thing to do for many” is to water more often, says the expert. He said: “This can actually be more detrimental than leaving them to dry out, as it’s much healthier for the garden plants and shrubbery to be watered every couple of days than several times a day. “Overwatering can make the soil waterlogged, which means the plant can’t absorb the oxygen needed to function normally. “This can cause root decay, limit the amount of nutrients it can take in and even kill the plant.” DON'T MISS:Kitchen trends to ‘avoid’ for room to stay ‘timeless’ - ‘best options’ [EXPERT]Five kitchen items you ‘need’ to give your space the ‘wow factor’ [INSIGHT]I cleaned my greasy air fryer with a 10p cleaning hack [COMMENT] The question of how should you mow your lawn is guaranteed to keep gardeners awake at night. But there's a simple answer during a heatwave – don't do it or keep it as long as possible. Jack explained: “In hotter weather, it’s better for grass to be at least three inches tall.” Longer grass casts a shadow and allows the soil to retain some of its moisture that it would have lost if it was shorter and fully exposed to the sun. The expert added: “Many professional groundskeepers and gardeners set their lawn mowers as high as six inches when there is expected to be heat waves or drought conditions, so make sure to keep your grass longer than usual this summer.” READ MORE: Francis Tophill shares why you don't have to water grass in summer Container plants can be the showpiece to gardens, but they are vulnerable to hot weather. The good news? They can easily be moved out of the sun until the heatwave has passed. Jack said: “Plants need a good amount of sun to thrive, however in sizzling temperatures, it can do more harm than good. “At the height of the sun and the hottest time of the day between 12pm and 4pm, move potted plants into the shade and provide cover to the greenery that’s planted.” However, for ground plants, gardeners need to invest in some sort of covering. The gardening pro advised: “Shade cloths and netting are great to invest in for annual use, or you can makeshift shading for your plants using bed sheets or cardboard boxes.” A big mistake to make with your plants in the hot summer heat is transplanting them as they can end up dying before having a chance to grow. Jack explained: “The hot weather poses a high risk to plants already, with transplanting making them even more at risk of dying. “This is particularly true for young plants; by moving nursery plants that already have a fragile root system, their roots are more likely to dry out in hot weather and cause the plant to die before having the chance to mature and become stronger. “Transplanting already creates a lot of trauma to plants, so wait to do this in cooler weather on more mature plants.”