Millions of people are looking for a summer getaway this month, with many turning their attention to the continent. With airport chaos and rail strikes still threatening travel plans, many will look to drive to France and other popular tourist destinations.  However, Britons are being warned to abide by the French driving laws when it comes to environmental rules, or they could face massive fines. In January 2017, the French Government introduced “clean air” stickers as a legal requirement in many major cities. The “Crit’Air” vignette is used to identify a petrol or diesel vehicle’s emissions levels and, in some cases, restrict access to improve air quality. While they do cost, generally around €5 (£4.22), they could save drivers fines of up to €135 (£113.91). READ MORE: Man helps strangers escape £130 fines from notorious traffic camera Cars registered before January 1997 and motorbikes and scooters registered before June 2000 are ineligible, and cannot be driven at all where restrictions apply. Restrictions are also in place for trucks and buses registered before 2001. All eligible vehicles need to display a Crit’Air vignette on their windscreen to be able to drive and park in restricted traffic zones. Chris Black, Commercial Director at LeasePlan UK, warned drivers of the charges they face if they don’t check the rules before they set off. DON'T MISSTwo 20mph speed limit roads in Wales facing axe after three months [IMPORTANT]'Gutted' driver handed £70 parking fine despite entering car details [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to avoid popular fuel type which will increase costs [WARNING] Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "Motorists are advised to read up on each country’s individual driving laws to ensure they don’t fall foul of little-known offences. “Many European countries have their own version of the UK’s Highway Code, and if drivers don’t adhere to this, they could find themselves being landed with fines of over £1,000. "In addition to the Crit’ Air Sticker, it’s compulsory for all drivers in France to carry a warning triangle, a high-visibility safety vest and spare light bulbs in their vehicle. “If your number plate does not include the UK identifier with the Union Flag, you will also need to display a UK sticker. "Up until 2020, drivers were also required to carry a breathalyser. “However this law has now been scrapped. " There are two different types of low emission zones in France, both of which require the sticker to be affixed on the right-hand side of the car’s windscreen. The permanent low emission zone is known as the ZCR and restricts access to certain vehicles based on the sticker, according to the RAC. Paris, Grenoble and Strasbourg have permanent ZCRs, with the capital having the most stringent laws. In central Paris, only Euro 5, Euro 6 and Euro 4 vehicles can enter between certain times, in addition to zero-emission vehicles. The temporary emergency low emission zone, or ZPAs, exist around the country and are usually used during certain weather conditions or air pollution peaks. Given the heatwaves seen in the last few weeks, and with further hot weather expected, drivers may have to check local rules more frequently. The RAC reports that 28 areas have a ZPA including Lille, Lyon, Marseille, Rennes and Toulouse.