Jacob Rees-Mogg married Helena Anne Beatrix Wentworth Fitzwilliam de Chair in 2007. Together, the couple have six children, named Sixtus, Mary, Peter, Thomas, Alfred, and Anselm, whom each have at least two middle names. While Rees-Mogg revels in having six interestingly named children, he famously stated in 2017 — the year his youngest, Sixtus, was born — that he has never changed a nappy, instead leaving it to the nanny. The Minister of State for Brexit Opportunities and Government Efficiency’s first child, Peter Theodore Alphege Rees-Mogg, was born the very year the couple wed in 2007. While Peter and Theodore are more familiar names, Alphege was the name of a saint and former Archbishop of Canterbury. The Rees-Moggs are catholic with the Minister often attending the Tridentine Mass. Peter — who is now 15 and known as “mini-Mogg” — was closely followed by his sister, Mary Anne Charlotte Emma Rees-Mogg, a year later. Then in 2010, Thomas Wentworth Somerset Dunstan was born.    While Thomas was the name of Rees-Mogg’s brother, Wentworth refers to the surname of de Chair’s ancestor, Charles Watson-Wentworth, the 2nd Marquess of Rockingham. De Chair’s MP father, Somerset de Chair, is where Thomas’ third name is derived and Dunstan is another reference to a saint, who was also Archbishop of Canterbury. Anselm Charles Fitzwilliam Rees-Mogg, now ten years old, then followed. Anselm was named after another Archbishop of Canterbury with de Chair believed to have said she thought it was a “lovely” name. Charles Watson-Wentworth’s nephew, William Fitzwilliam, inspired Anselm’s third name. Fitzwilliam inherited Watson-Wentworth’s estate in 1782, making him one of the richest people in Britain at that time. READ MORE: Sturgeon 'waffling on endlessly' about IndyRef2 - Rees-Mogg slams  Alfred Wulfric Leyson Pius was the fifth child to arrive out of the Rees-Mogg clan in 2016. He was named after Alfred the Great — previously spelled Aelfred — the King of the Anglo-Saxons. Near the Rees-Mogg’s Somerset second abode, Gournay Court, a multimillion pound Grade II listed building, is where the hermit saint Wulfric was born. Leyson is a nod to Louis Leyson Rees-Mogg, Rees-Mogg’s grandfather’s first cousin who died in 1915 at just 25 years old. Rees-Mogg once took to Instagram to remember him, writing: “Pray for the soul of Louis Leyson Rees-Mogg, my grandfather's first cousin, who was killed in Gallipoli.” DON'T MISS: Shark attack off BRITAIN as snorkeler suffers horrific leg injuries [REPORT]Nicola Sturgeon 'appalling' shambles laid bare - fury at SNP  [INSIGHT]Leafy UK town shaken as 'teenage boy stabbed to death' in street [BREAKING]  Rees-Mogg’s sixth and final child, Sixtus Dominic Boniface Christopher Rees-Mogg, was born the following year with Rees-Mogg again taking to Instagram to announce the new arrival. Rees-Mogg liked the “ambiguity” of his youngest child’s name, which refers to Pope Sixtus II. The couple had intended to spell the name Xystus, but later decided against it. Although Rees-Mogg wanted to continue adding to his brood, de Chair firmly told him at a Tory conference that “there will be no Septimus and no Octopus”. Unlike Rees-Mogg, who attended Eton College before reading History at Oxford University, his children go to Hill House in Knightsbridge, London, where fees cost up to £18,000, differing depending on the child’s age.   