Looking to lose weight? There’s a new format to intermittent fasting and it’s eating healthy, nutritious food Monday - Thursday and shedding just over two pounds of fat in the process. Express.co.uk spoke to Foodhak who has created the new meal plan about what customers can expect and why four days of dieting is the "magic" number to weight loss. Intermittent fasting is an eating pattern that cycles between periods of fasting and eating. It doesn’t specify which foods you should eat but rather when you should eat them. In this respect, it’s not a diet in the conventional sense but more accurately described as an eating pattern. The most common intermittent fasting pattern is the 16:8, when you eat during an eight-hour window, for example, 12pm-8pm, and then fast for 16 hours overnight. Dr Michael Mosley introduced the 5:2 diet, which is another variation of intermittent fasting, only this pattern involves eating 500-800 calories on two days and eating the recommended daily allowance of calories on the other two days. While both forms are effective weight loss tools, Foodhak has introduced a four-day plan instead. Express.co.uk spoke to the brand about this meal plan and how it can help someone lose weight. READ MORE: James Martin lost huge 5st with changes to lifestyle  “This four-day plan can be used to support someone’s weight loss journey but is also a good way to kick-start healthy eating as it takes all the thinking out of what to eat and ensures a nutrient-rich menu,” Sakshi Mittal from the brand said. “The plan is designed in such a way that you get meals that keep you satiated throughout the day but are lower in calories and in simple carbohydrates. “Additionally, these meals are anti-inflammatory which helps you lose the excess bloating and inflammation in the body. The combination usually helps with weight loss or with loss of inches on the body and or shape.” As for how it is different to other intermittent fasting plans, Sakshi said: “People often struggle to know what to eat, with this four-day plan we’ve done all the thinking for you, you just heat up your meals and eat. “What we found in our customer surveys was that people want to be healthy Monday to Thursday and by the time it's Friday, they want to let loose and go out and indulge. Hence, we came up with a four-day plan making it easy for people to adhere to it every week and see consistent results at the same time, almost effortlessly and quite enjoyably. DON'T MISS...Common meal the royal children have never eaten ‘Why would they?' [INTERVIEW]Prince Harry ‘hides behind Meghan’ body language expert claims [VIDEO]Most expensive household appliances to run - full list [EXPERT] “To really see the power of this food, we ideally want you to adhere to it every week even if it is for a few meals a week, hence we design these plans to make them extremely convenient for people to stick to,” she added. On average, there are around 1000-1200 calories per day, made up of three nutrient-rich meals, plus a snack. All of the food is “plant-based, anti-inflammatory, gluten-free, low glycemic, nut-free and made with fresh locally sourced ingredients”. They also include “healing properties” and Sakshi spoke a bit more about the benefits of these ingredients. “We use traditional Ayurvedic principles which go back centuries, this is a widely recognised form of herbal medicine. “In addition to this, we have used AI/machine learning to assess thousands of scientific research papers to find out which foods are most beneficial for health and used clever ingredient swaps to ensure our meals are all anti-inflammatory and designed for different health goals like ‘healing’. READ MORE: 'You will lose weight': SAS pros Ollie and Foxy's tip to slim for good “For example, our ayurvedic kitchari is great for healing the gut and gut health. We also add superfoods to our meals; that are known to have recovery and healing properties, dating back centuries.” As for whether these ingredients contribute to weight loss, the expert said: “Our plans have been put together by a registered nutritionist who has based the meals around the calorie and daily nutrition needs. “We use clinical research to learn about ingredient and disease links, to build our dishes. So some dishes are good for your immune system, some may be good for your mental health, some focused on cholesterol and heart health, you name it!” In terms of how long it would take for someone to see weight loss results if they follow the four-day plan, Sakshi explained: “Everyone's biological makeup is different, we don’t promise that people will lose weight by eating these meals as it’s just four days. “To make lasting changes we need to address lifestyle factors and permanent lifestyle changes. That’s why we recommend eating our meals regularly, for the health benefits. “But we have seen about 2.2lb (1kg) weight loss per week on average. The feedback we have got is that the plan is easy to stick to (compared to other extreme plans on the market) and quite effortless.” The expert also revealed what someone is meant to eat the other three days of the week they are not following the plan: “We recommend getting some exercise in, good sleep and be mindful of the calories you are putting in your system; both in terms of quantity and quality! Eat plants over empty calories and try to not go above the 1200 calories in order to avoid putting the weight back on.”