Keir Starmer joined Rob Rinder and Charlotte Hawkins on GMB to discuss Labour’s proposition for helping families with the cost of living crisis. However, Rinder questioned Starmer’s position on workers planning to strike and why frontbench MPs were told not to join workers on the picket lines.    The Labour leader insisted he supported workers’ “right to strike” but Rinder accused him of not providing a conclusive opinion on the industrial action disputes taking place across the UK in various industries. Rinder asked: “Do you support the lawyers who are taking industrial action and the post office workers? “But the lawyers especially who can’t afford to represent their clients or their victims.” Read more: Keir Starmer clashes with GMB hosts on cost of living grilling    “If you’re in government your job is to resolve issues, to get around the table whether it’s rail strikes or any other sort of strikes. “You can’t be in government around the cabinet table and then go to a picket line.” Starmer continued: “I’m absolutely focussed on getting a Labour government and a Labour government, any responsible government has a role in these negotiations.    “That role is to get people behind the table to resolve the issues that arise. “I’m single-mindedly focussed on that but do I support the right to strike? Of course, I do.” Interrupting, Rinder quipped: “That wasn’t the question. The question was do you support these strikers? “I’ll take that as a yes, no, maybe. Thank you very much” DON'T MISSGMB's Charlotte Hawkins questions Starmer's absence during crisis [INSIGHT]Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview [INTERVIEW]GMB fans 'in tears' as 'hero' helps elderly with free handiwork  [VIDEO]    Commenting on the interview’s abrupt end, @domain_harry tweeted: “Judge Rinder cutting off Keir Starmer just as he was building to a crescendo nice one#gmb.” @leckston wrote: “@RobRinder has just torn shreds out of @Keir_Starmer on @GMB re strikes. As an up to date barrister to an out of touch one - it was a joy to watch!!! Well done Rob.” “Phfff Judge Rinder totally just put Kier starmer on the naughty spot, way to end the interview #GMB,” @MatthewLiamMil1 commented. (sic)    However, @jakehewkin remarked: “That was VERY BBC Breakfast and NOT very GMB! - cutting off @Keir_Starmer when you had him mid-interview to cut to the weather. “I expected you to keep asking him questions until HE ran out of time. That's not how we expect GMB political interviews to end.” @patchdennizen agreed: #GMB is it just me or are todays presenters being quite hostile even angry to Starmer. What’s that about?” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.   