Alex Scott once predicted Leah Williamson would become "one of the best in women's football". And now the former England right-back has been proven right after the Lionesses' Euro 2022 success. Williamson has led England to their first major trophy since the 1966 World Cup. Sarina Wiegman's side beat Germany 2-1 in Sunday's final at Wembley. The 25-year-old was only appointed captain earlier this year but has already got her hands on silverware. Scott played alongside the defender towards the end of her playing days at Arsenal. Williamson has been in the Arsenal side since the age of 17. And in 2015, Scott predicted big things from her then-teenage team-mate. In a filmed chat between the pair for UEFA, Scott outlined how far she felt Williamson would go in the game. She said: "I believe that you will go on to be one of the best in women's football if you carry on going the way you are." England win Euro 2022 LIVE: Victory parade updates after Lionesses end 56-year wait  A shy, young Williamson responded: "I hope so, I hope so." Her dreams have been fulfilled as she has now become the first England captain since Bobby Moore to lift a major trophy. Speaking after the final on Sunday, Williamson said it was just the beginning for women's football in this country. She told the BBC: "I can't stop crying. "We talk and we talk and we talk and we've finally done it. The kids are alright. It's the proudest moment of my life until the day I have kids so I'm going to lap it up. "I was told to make every second count because I'll be living it over and over, and I did that today. The legacy of this tournament is the change in society. We've brought people together and got them to games. This is the start of the journey. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make De Jong deadline decision' as Murtough looks to close dealArsenal could still make four more signings in final month of windowTottenham could still make four more signings in final month of window  "Sorry I'm screaming but I love every one of you. I'm so proud to be English and I'm trying so hard not to swear." Scott, who won 140 caps for England in her career, was in the punditry studio for the match. And she was understandably emotional after the final whistle. She said: "It's not just me, there are so many people that have been involved in getting women's football to this point, to see this team lift this trophy. I can't even sum it up, Gabby. "This is literally what we have all been waiting and dreaming of. The amount of investment that has gone into the games to get it to this point." 