Prof Patrick Minford – an economist and former adviser to Margaret Thatcher – has echoed Ms Truss’s instincts and recommended taxes to be lowered. His report calls for the top rate of tax to be scrapped, the higher rate reduced to 30 per cent, the standard rate to 15 per cent and corporation tax slashed to 10 per cent. This adds up to a £76billion tax-cutting package, and a £24billion spending injection should ensue to push economic growth and forestall a recession. Britain faces immense challenges, and Ms Truss’s opponents see her free market approach as incautious – particularly as parts of the public sector desperately need funds. But her growth strategy encourages business, capitalises on the freedoms afforded by Brexit – of which Prof Minford is a long-term advocate – and in tandem with the Bank of England, aims to ensure state spending is consistent with tax revenues. Prof Minford believes inflation will go back down early next year. The next few months will be tough. But with such august backing, Ms Truss presents a pathway through the mire.  There are several causes for delays in the NHS emergency services, most notably the devastating backlog from Covid. These problems urgently need fixing – and now it looks as if the public has lost faith in the NHS’s ability to cope. A telling Savanta ComRes survey for the Daily Express found most Britons aren’t confident an ambulance would arrive within a reasonable time should they – or a loved one – need rapid help. Tragically, this is backed by evidence.  In July, almost 30,000 people waited longer than 12 hours to be admitted to hospitals in England from A&E – the highest on record. This is not sustainable and the new Prime Minister must put this issue centre stage. The NHS emergency services once made us proud. With winter on its way, the workload will soar. For pity’s sake, let’s get those waiting times back to scratch.  Monday was to have seen the lift-off of Nasa’s Artemis 1 Moon rocket. But postponed by engine trouble, it’s now due to happen on Friday, with the first crewed flight scheduled for 2024, well over 50 years since the first Moon landing. As we wait, let’s raise a couple of cheers: first, for top British engineer Sian Cleaver and her role with the spacecraft’s European Service Module, and secondly for animation character Shaun the Sheep, who has a seat on the groundbreaking spacecraft. At a time of money woes, we think it’ll give us all a bit of a lift-off. Roll on Friday! 