Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong could be set to snub Chelsea and Manchester United as sources close to the player have reportedly explained that he will respect his contract with the Catalan giants. De Jong joined Barca three summers ago following a series of fine displays for Ajax but has been tipped to move to the Premier League during the current transfer window. United had appeared favourites to land the Netherlands international at the start of the summer, with many reports suggesting that he would move to Old Trafford to link up with his former Ajax mentor Erik ten Hag. But a move to the northwest didn’t materialise and Chelsea soon entered the fray to hijack the deal. According to Mundo Deportivo, Chelsea chiefs have discussed their interest in De Jong with their counterparts at the Nou Camp but are yet to submit an offer. And the west Londoners don’t want to waste time and energy in a negotiation until they know for sure that the midfielder wants to leave Barca. Despite the intense rumours of De Jong preferring a transfer to Chelsea, the same report states that sources close to the player claim that he wants to remain firm and intends to fulfil his contractual obligations, which see him tied down to the Nou Camp until 2026.   De Jong, who played a starring role as Ajax reached the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019, has made 138 appearances for Barcelona over the last three seasons and has held down a regular first-team place. But the Catalans are desperate to reduce their outgoings this summer as they look to get on top of an ongoing cash crisis. De Jong is still reportedly owed an estimated £17million by his current employers after he agreed to defer some of his wages throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. And the 25-year-old will want to resolve that issue with the club, with showdown talks set to be held next week amid his transfer saga.    If De Jong is to call time on his Barca career, Chelsea appear to be his most likely destination. The talented ace would only join a club who are competing for titles and are playing in the Champions League. And Chelsea tick both of those boxes. Those desires would rule out a move to the Red Devils, who missed out on Champions League qualification last season after finishing a lowly sixth in the Premier League table. Ten Hag’s side are way behind their top-flight rivals and it remains to be seen whether they can close the gap on the teams above them this season. 