Meghan Markle had several page boys and flower girls at her 2018 wedding to Prince Harry, including Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The other children included Florence van Cutsem, Ivy, Brian and John Mulroney, Remi and Rylan Litt, Zalie Warren, and Jasper Dyer. After the wedding ceremony, George and Charlotte appeared to run toward their parents Kate Middleton and Prince William, instead of joining the other page boys and flower girls. Why was this? Judi James, a professional body language expert spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: "There is one shot of little Charlotte at Harry and Meghan’s wedding where she has raised part of her skirt to her face in a ‘hide’ gesture that could have been prompted by shyness. READ MORE: Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language  "But with Kate bending regularly to chat to her and keep her involved in the action, she is soon smiling and even leaning or moving forward in a way that implies cheerful curiosity. "Both George and Charlotte walked hand in hand down the aisle with their parents after the service was over. "Meanwhile, the other bridesmaids and pageboys were still right behind the bride, either lifting the train or walking hand in hand behind it. "So why did they separate off rather than keep with the team of children they arrived with?"   Judi explained why this might be. She claimed: "The answer could be in the way the party fanned out on the steps outside the chapel. "George and Charlotte would be expected to be part of the close family line-up for the photos. "So they stood with their parents while the other children moved away." READ MORE: Kate and William to show Harry and Meghan who 'the real royals are'  Was this in line with royal protocol? Judi opined: "This seemed to become a matter of royal protocol, with the Queen and Philip at the front and William, Kate and the two children standing with them in their role of Harry’s niece and nephew. "Getting into the car both Charlotte and George’s facial expressions suggest excitement and anticipation rather than shyness or awkwardness." Meghan and Harry have been married for four years now and live in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. George and Charlotte were aged four and three years old at the time of the wedding, respectively. However, they are now aged nine and seven years old. The Duchess of Sussex is celebrating her 41st birthday today in the USA. Many royal fans are anticipating new photos of Meghan with her family to celebrate.