The US Open commenced in explosive fashion yesterday as 10 of the top seeds suffered an early exit from the tournament. The biggest star to fall at the first hurdle in the men's draw is perhaps Stefanos Tsitsipas, who succumbed to a four-set defeat at the hands of Colombia’s Daniel Elahi Galan. The Greek star managed to win just one game throughout the first two sets. He rallied and took the third set but Galan was not to be denied the best win of his career, finally clinching his ninth match point for a 6-0 6-1 3-6 7-5 triumph. Tsitsipas had treatment on his right arm but did not use that as an excuse, saying: "I was very motivated and pumped before the US Open started because I knew I can use this tournament to get closer to the No 1 spot. "It would be very weird if it didn't cross my mind because this is something I wanted since I was a kid and I know this is my chance now to step it up. It just didn't go as planned. My arm was pretty tired, nothing was coming off of my strokes. He returned extremely well. He did a great job, he dominated the game completely. I just couldn't get into the match at all. It was as if I was half dead." Tenth seed Taylor Fritz, who has enjoyed a successful campaign, was knocked out in front of his home crowd by fellow American Brandon Holt, the son of two-time US Open champion Tracy Austin, 7-6, 6-7(1), 3-6, 4-6. On the women's side, Simona Halep, who won the Toronto title buildup in the leadup to the US Open, suffered a shock loss in the opening round at Flushing Meadows to Ukraine's Daria Snigur in three sets. JUST IN: Serena Williams begins US Open swansong with win over Danka Kovinic to keep career alive  Making her Grand Slam main-draw debut, Snigur won 6-2 0-6 6-4 in New York to record the biggest win of her career. It was not long before tears of joy followed as she came back from 0-30 behind in the final game, while her father watched on in disbelief - resting his hands on his head - as his daughter, who trains in Latvia due to Russia’s invasion of her native Ukraine, spoke to the crowd. "I'm very happy. It's impossible for me," said Snigur, whose mother remains at home in Kyiv. "I have to say thanks to Simona for this incredible match. I want to thank all the fans who watched our match today. Of course this match is for Ukraine, for my family, for everyone who supported me. I want to say thank you to you all." Britain’s Harriet Dart defeated tenth seed Daria Kasatkina in three sets to record her first main draw win at the US Open and the first top 10 win of her career. Dart battled superbly in hot conditions on Court 12, recovering from a shaky second set and then coming from behind in the third to claim a 7-6 (8) 1-6 6-3 victory. In other upsets on day one, Italy’s Martina Trevisan, seeded 27, lost to Evgeniya Rodina while 30th seed Jil Teichmann lost in straight sets to the dangerous Zhang Shuai. On the men’s side, Argentina's Francisco Cerundolo has had a great year but Andy Murray produced a solid performance to win his first Srand Slam match in straight sets for five years. Murray had to grind his way through plenty of long rallies on his way to a 7-5 6-3 6-3 victory, with the only real negative a failure to serve out all three sets. Other seeds to lose on the men’s side were Spaniard Roberto Bautista Agut, who was bested by American JJ Wolf, while big-serving Maxime Cressy retired from his match in the third set with the score locked at 1-1 against Hungary's Marton Fucsovics.