Rail unions Aslef and the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) are due to stage more strikes this month in response to what they’ve described as Network Rail’s “paltry” pay offers. The planned industrial action will see over 40,000 workers from Network Rail and 14 other train companies walk out for 24 hours on three days, while TfL workers will walk out on one. Mick Whelan, general secretary of Aslef said: “Strikes are always the last resort. We don’t want to inconvenience passengers – our friends and families use public transport, too – and we don’t want to lose money by going on strike. “But we’ve been forced into this position by the companies, who say they have been driven to this by the Tory government. “Many of our members – who were the men and women who moved key workers and goods around the country during the pandemic – have not had a pay rise since 2019.” Mr Whelan added: “It’s not unreasonable to ask your employer to make sure you’re not worse off for three years in a row.  READ MORE: UK’s largest shipping port to strike for 8 DAYS  “Let’s nail a Tory lie. Wage rises aren’t fuelling inflation. Excess profiteering is. But the Government isn’t asking companies to cut profits or dividend payments to help manage inflation. Wages are chasing prices, not putting them up.” The two rail unions have confirmed four strike dates in August; three rail walkouts and one tube walkout. The next train strikes are scheduled for:  The train strike scheduled for August 13 will be carried out by members of the Aslef union and will include train drivers at the following nine companies: DON'T MISS:The 'safest' seaside town in the UK has 'beautiful' beach - full list [ANALYSIS]Cheap holidays: Expert tips to find the best deal 'savings jump 50%' [INSIGHT]Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade [EXPLAINED]     The train strikes scheduled for August 18 and August 20 have been arranged by the RMT and involves 20,000 union members from Network Rail and a further 20,000 expected from the following 14 rail companies:  Revised timetables are due to be published on Tuesday, but passengers have been warned to expect disruption. London Underground workers are due to hold a 24-hour strike on Friday, August 19. RMT leader Mick Lynch said: “Our members will once again take to picket lines in this important dispute over pensions, jobs and conditions. "They have been messed around by Transport for London and Mayor Sadiq Khan. Unless there can be assurances made about jobs, pensions and detrimental changes to working conditions, then our strike on August 19 will go ahead." TfL advises passengers to walk and cycle where possible and complete all essential journeys by 6pm, urging them not to travel if they don’t have to. 