Culinary expert Mary Berry’s home in Oxfordshire reportedly has four bedrooms, a pool room and a gym as well as a state-of-the art kitchen. The property comes with a separate cottage, a tennis court, indoor pool, double garage and a dressing room and ensuite. It has been reported that Mary and her husband purchased the home for £2.6million. While keeping the home private, glimpses inside show a gorgeous kitchen. A tennis court and indoor pool may sound impressive, but it is quite common in Henley. According to Rightmove, the area had an overall average price of £772,404 over the last year. READ MORE: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage The majority of sales in Henley during the last year were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £625,843. Detached properties sold for an average of £1,217,204, while flats fetched £440,514. Overall, sold prices in the area over the last year were 10 percent up on the previous year and nine percent up on the 2019 peak of £709,555. There are multiple houses for sale in Henley on Rightmove at the moment, with one up for more than £7million. DON'T MISS:Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £147,000 value to ‘quirky’ cottage [VIDEO]Mollie's Motel & Diner: An escape to the Oxfordshire countryside [INSIGHT]Six common gardening mistakes to avoid this august [EXPERT] It’s no surprise Henley is home to expensive homes due to its great location. It was also recently voted by The Times as one of the best places to live in the English countryside. Henley is famous for its riverside location, but it is also surrounded by a landscape of wooded hills and green fields. There’s also lots of pubs and independent shops in the town. READ MORE: ‘Excellent’ way to make sure houseplants are hydrated in the heat Located just nine miles from Reading and 23 miles from Oxford, Henley is popular for those who need to travel. It is also just 37 miles from London with direct trains to and from the town. Henley is often known because of its links to rowing through the Henley Royal Regatta. It was first established in 1893 because of the straight part of the river known as the Henley Reach. In more recent times, the town has been used as a location for many films and TV series including Midsomer murders. Henley has also been home to several famous faces over the years including poet George Orwell and Liam Gallagher. According to Henley Town Council, Orlando Bloom has a property in the town. Prior to her move to Henley, Mary lived at a home called Watercroft in Buckinghamshire. She purchased the home in 1988 and stayed there until 2017.