Argos, part of the Sainsbury's group, will now use the word "people" instead. The retailer said the wording has been changed to reflect its "diverse communities, customers and colleagues". Customers had complained online, describing the use of "two-man delivery" as sexist. One user wrote: “’2 MAN delivery’ really @Argos? This poster shocked me at the weekend - not very inclusive language. Outdated phrase in this day and age. I’m sure the Argos workforce is made up of so many fabulous individuals…not only men…but women & non-binary? Another wrote: "Hey, @ArgosHelpers. Can you explain why you put up a '2 Man Delivery' sign in your brand new #Lewisham shop? Do you only hire men to deliver heavy goods? It's a very outdated and insensitive phrase. Do you only hire men to deliver heavy goods? It’s a very outdated and insensitive phrase." But since the change, many have expressed ire online.   Another Twitter post, seen by Express.co.uk, says: "Argos have removed the phrase 'two-man delivery' from it's website because people said the wording was 'sexist' and 'outdated'. Welcome to 2022. Imagine being offended by something so insignificant." One man posted: "How is 'two-man delivery' offensive?" Another stated: "This world is becoming too woke. Now #Argos are ditching the term ‘two-man delivery’ after complaints from customers that it was sexist." "Stop the world I want to get off!" An Argos spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We aim to be an inclusive retailer where people love to work and shop. We updated our wording earlier this year to ensure we reflect the diverse communities, customers and colleagues we work with." It comes after staff members at a redbrick university were given guidance on identifying as felines - under the pronoun "catgender". University of Bristol, ranked 17th best in the country by the Complete University Guide, had said in its "using pronouns at work" document that staff should declare their own pronouns when meeting students and new people for the first time.  