Lady Louise Windsor and her dad, Prince Edward, arrived at Crathie Kirk Church, near Balmoral Castle, to attend a Sunday service. Prince Charles was also seen arriving at the church in Aberdeenshire in another car. Lady Louise donned a navy floral dress, the same design she wore for Christmas Day back in 2017. The Hobbs Telula Dress in Navy Floral Print featured long sleeves, a midi skirt and a bateau neck. The gown was decorated with floral motifs in pink, green and brown tones. The description on the website read: "Crafted from a soft cotton blend with a hint of stretch to ensure the perfect silhouette, this dress features a round neckline, three quarter length sleeves and is intended to hit just above the knee. READ MORE: Tesco makes major change to checkout tills despite customer fury  "Further features include an all-over floral print, a fit-and-flare finish and seam details to enhance your waist. "Dress it down with canvas trainers for the perfect walk in the park look." Unfortunately, the chic dress, which is perfect for a day out in Scotland, is currently sold out. Lady Louise was also seen donning a pair of gold and diamond earrings and styled her curly hair in a half updo.  Queen Victoria began worshipping at the Crathie Kirk Church in 1848. Since then, every British monarch has worshipped there while staying at nearby Balmoral Castle. Lady Louise was last seen earlier this month attending the Commonwealth Games with her parents and her brother. On the last day, she accompanied Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Prince Edward and her brother James, Viscount Severn, to watch a netball game in Birmingham. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Lady Louise looked more stylish than ever wearing a white and red floral dress from Reformation. The cute gown was the 'Brighton' design, which is currently available online for £148. Lady Louise combined the gown with a pair of white trainers and a boho chic brown handbag. She styled her curly hair in a half updo and was seen wearing a silver necklace.