Emma Raducanu and Serena Williams are due to meet for the first, and potentially last time at the Western and Southern Open just days after the iconic American announced her intention to retire. Williams is expected to walk away from the sport after the US Open, which gets underway later this month. Raducanu, 19, will face off against 23-time Grand Slam champion Williams for the first time in her career in Cincinnati. Both players are gearing up for the US Open - the tournament at which Raducanu made her name and Williams won six times over the course of her glittering career. The 40-year-old will be keen to impress in the latest instalment of her farewell tour, having announced her intention to 'evolve' away from tennis amid suggestions that Flushing Meadows will be her final flourish. She was beaten by Belinda Bencic at the National Bank Open last week, with Raducanu crashing out in the first round. Express Sport brings you all the details on the start time, live stream and what has already been said about the upcoming clash below... DON'T MISS: Rafael Nadal US Open injury fears raised by fans after Cincinnati training regime What has been said about the match? Raducanu has given a glowing assessment of Williams, who won her first Grand Slam title at Flushing Meadows three years before the Brit was born. "She has achieved so much," she said. "And to see her around in this US swing is really inspiring.  "She keeps playing because she obviously loves the game. And I think that longevity of a career is something that a lot of the players and me especially we aspire to achieve as well." With Western and Southern Open organisers describing the clash between Raducanu and Williams as a 'highlight', they have been given a primetime billing on Monday evening. UK-based fans will have to stay up late to cheer on the Brit, however, with the night session in Cincinnati due to get underway at 7pm local time on August 15. That means the match won't start before 12am (BST) on Tuesday in the UK, although the official timing has not yet been finalised. Raducanu's mouth-watering tie with Williams will be shown on Amazon Prime Video. Existing and new members can access the footage via the app, across mobile, Fire TV, games consoles, Virgin’s V6 TV Box, BT TV, TalkTalk TV, Apple TV, Chromecast and online. The match can also be viewed in 4k Ultra HD on Prime Video at no extra cost. New customers can join Amazon Prime for £7.99 per month or £79 per year, while non-members can start a 30-day free trial to gain access to the action. Raducanu has given a glowing assessment of Williams, who won her first Grand Slam title at Flushing Meadows three years before the Brit was born. "She has achieved so much," she said. "And to see her around in this US swing is really inspiring. "She keeps playing because she obviously loves the game. And I think that longevity of a career is something that a lot of the players aspire to achieve as well."