Strictly Come Dancing winner Rose Ayling-Ellis and her long-term boyfriend Sam Arnold have reportedly "grown apart". It comes amid fears the former EastEnders actress and her partner of seven years have been "hit by the Strictly curse" following on from her win on the dancefloor last year. The star, 27, has kept details of her romantic life private over the years. But now, a source has claimed that the couple have "grown individually". They said: "Rose and Sam drifted apart, especially after she became so busy with work projects and was in-demand with new work opportunities. “They still have a lot of love and respect for each other, but they’re also still young and working out their lives," they told The Sun. READ MORE: Mick Jagger’s son exposed crazy reality of celebrity childhood The source went on to claim that Rose took a solo trip to Barcelona to "gather her thoughts", adding that she and Sam have both "grown as people" since they first got together. They went on to say that the star is "taking any opportunity she can" to help her career following her Strictly win. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives of Rose Ayling-Ellis for comment. In 2019, Rose and Sam enjoyed a trip to Peru, with Rose sharing the incredible snaps with her 542,000 followers. The star shared a sweet snap of her and Sam sitting in the Huacachina desert smiling at the camera. Weeks later, Rose went on to share pictures of herself and Sam from a boat on the Amazon River. The actress grinned from ear to ear as she held a sloth while Sam was pictured rowing while sitting in a boat. It comes as Rose has been hotly tipped to be the new Doctor Who sidekick. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker red-faced as fans react to his mortifying 'dogging' mistake [ANALYSIS]Mary Berry, 87, says croquet saved her life after warning from doctor [INSIGHT]Fern Britton 'looks back and laughs' at Phil Vickery marriage [UPDATE] The actress waved goodbye to her role of Frankie Lewis on Albert Square earlier this year. Now, the star's next move has been tipped to be on the hit BBC sci-fi series. The new Doctor Who was announced as Sex Education's Ncuti Gatwa, but his companion has not yet been confirmed. A few keen fans of the BBC sci-fi show believe it is the Strictly Come Dancing winner who will take on the character of the Time Lord's sidekick. Doctor Who's huge fanbase seems to have selected their chosen companion for Ncuti and it would surely be a popular choice for viewers of the long-running BBC show. Beneath a photo of Rose photoshopped beside the iconic TARDIS, Doctor Who fan Owen added to the speculation on Twitter. He tweeted: "Rose Ayling-Ellis has spoken about her new job role... 'You will find out more at the end of this month. I’m not allowed to say anything.' I wonder if this could be for #DoctorWho?" Express.co.uk approached the BBC for comment, but they declined.