Anthony Joshua failed in his bid to once again become heavyweight champion as he was beaten by Oleksandr Usyk for a second time in Jeddah on Saturday night. The 32-year-old British star was trying to win back the WBA, WBO and IBF titles the 35-year-old Ukrainian took from him when the pair met in Tottenham 11 months ago. Usuk was declared the winner by two of the three judges by 115-113 and 116-112, while the other backed AJ with a score of AJ 115-113. Billed as The Rage on the Red Sea, the fight ended with an emotional tirade from Joshua as he seized the microphone to give an impassioned speech. He threw two belts out of the ring and stormed off, although also had some kind words for Usyk. The Ukrainian is one of Joshua’s most formidable opponents, having maintained an unbeaten professional record of 19-0, including 13 knockouts and technical knockouts. But AJ has enjoyed his own success in the ring as a two-time unified world heavyweight champion and Olympic gold medallist. However, the Watford-born star was nearly steered away from boxing altogether as he endured a “tough” ordeal as a youngster. In an unearthed interview with supermodel Jourdan Dunn for Vogue last year, he explained how he once felt pressure to become a doctor or a lawyer while at boarding school in Nigeria. JUST IN: Johnny Nelson makes bold Anthony Joshua knockout prediction vs Oleksandr Usyk – EXCLUSIVE He said: "I spent about nine months in a boarding school, six months in a boarding school. "Really, tough. No nonsense, education is, 'I want you to be a doctor or a lawyer'. There's no YouTube, no boxing. "None of that, it's either doctor or lawyer, simple. So education is important in Nigerian schools and especially in a boarding school. "My school was called 'The Bells'. They go round with a bell at five in the morning. "Five in the morning, that's when I'm getting my deep sleep as well normally in London!” He added: "Waking me up at five in the morning, and if you don't wake up, they burst through the door, 'Wake up!' "Discipline, so tomorrow through your mistake, you're not going to make the same mistake again, so that's why I believe mistakes are good." Besides boxing, Joshua is also the face of major brands including Lynx, Lucozade and JD Sports. However, things have not always been easy for the former world champion. After returning to Britain during his youth, he got into trouble and gave up sport for a period. DON'T MISS: Anthony Joshua questions Oleksandr Usyk punching power with weight gain warning [LATEST]Deontay Wilder gives verdict on Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk as he predicts 'easy' win [INSIGHT]Oleksandr Usyk manager gives three bold reasons why Anthony Joshua will lose rematch [ANALYSIS] Joshua also spent a short stint on remand in prison and had to wear an electronic tag on his ankle. He said: "So I was on tag for like 14 months, went remand, was in jail for a little bit, came back. "That's when my cousin - when I was still on tag when I came back as part of a bail condition - started training. "Because I wanted to get strong for when I make a return to Watford I don't want to be the same skinny… so boxing wasn't even a primary thing. "So, when I moved from Watford into London, I started chilling with my cousin in London, and he was boxing at the time. "I was driving, I had the whip, so I'd take him to the gym and I used to sit back watching these lot box thinking, 'I'd smack up these guys, I could do this'."