Anthony Joshua has admitted there are things he would change with his professional career if he was able to turn back the clock. This Saturday Joshua, 32, will take on Oleksandr Usyk in what could prove the defining night of his career, as he bids to regain the world heavyweight title belts he lost to the Ukrainian in London last September. Fittingly, the bout comes a decade after the highpoint of his amateur career, winning gold at the 2012 London Olympics. After turning professional a year later, in 2016 he beat Charles Martin to become world IBF heavyweight champion, and later captured the WBA and IBO belts in a titanic tussle with Wladimir Klitschko. 'AJ' remained unbeaten until suffering a shock defeat to Andy Ruiz Jr on his American debut back in June 2019. He would go on to avenge that defeat in Saudi later that year, and British boxing fans will be hoping history will repeat itself when he takes on southpaw Usyk this Saturday. 'The Cat' outclassed his rival at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium first time around, and Joshua has now admitted to not pushing himself hard enough whilst enjoying the status as champion. In fact, he's told reporters that he'd have plenty of advice to hand out to his 22-year-old self. JUST IN: Tyson Fury says he doesn't 'give a f***' how he's remembered after vacating Ring belt “I’ve got a lot of experience I could pass on," he explained. “I would definitely say to train hard. I trained as hard as I could for the relevant task but I’ve trained harder this camp, to be honest with you. I’ve pushed myself harder than before." But he claims losing a bout can provide extra motivation in preparation: "I’ve pushed myself and done things I’ve never done before in training. That’s come from losing. So at the time when I was winning, what I was doing was enough.” DON'T MISS:Chris Eubank Sr once left commentators in stitches with curious antics in Eubank Jr cornerChris Eubank Jr calls out his own promoter for lying at Conor Benn press conferenceTyson Fury backtracks and releases new retirement statement after 'hard conversations' Joshua also conceded that he would have liked to have had a wider collection of top level boxers on his CV: “Maybe I would have probably had other fights," he continued. "Maybe the Wilder fight, the Fury fight, but they didn’t happen." This Saturday, The Ring Magazine title will also be on the line after Tyson Fury's apparent retirement. However, 'the Gypsy King' still holds the WBO belt, and whoever wins in Jeddah will be expected to call him out for a mouth-watering unification bout.