Nurse Allyson Pattison was was described as someone who worked "tirelessly" to help people on Covid wards at Castle Hill Hospital in East Riding, Yorkshire. Hull Crown Court heard how the driver, butcher Winston Hagston, had reached down to grab a cloth to clean his misted-up windscreen just seconds before hitting her at about 7.15am. He failed to see her in time to avoid a collision, even though a driver behind him had been beeping his horn to warn him that the 60-year-old woman had started to cross. Hagston, 58, of Hull, admitted causing the death of mother-of-two Allyson Pattison by careless driving on January 12 last year, HullLive reports. Charlotte Baines, prosecuting, said that Mrs Pattison had two sons, Alan and Andrew, and she had raised them single-handedly since they were aged six and four. Mrs Pattison had been in the nursing profession for 40 years and trained in the early 1980s. About eight years ago, she began working at Castle Hill Hospital, Cottingham, in the endoscopy department, in charge of infection control, but was redeployed to the Covid-19 wards during the pandemic. "She worked long hours but was looking forward to the time that she could eventually retire," said Miss Baines. "Allyson's best friend was Caron. Caron would pick her up daily from the bus stop, which Allyson would walk to. They would often talk about their plans for retirement and travelling abroad was something they wished to do. Allyson also had a keen interest in gardening." Mrs Pattison was walking across a zebra crossing in Hull Road, just after Inglemire Lane on the Cottingham side, when she was hit by a black Dacia Duster car driven by Hagston. Another driver behind Hagston continuously beeped his horn after spotting Mrs Pattison on the crossing. "It was too late and the front side of the Dacia impacted with Allyson Pattison, throwing her into the air," said Miss Baines. "The Dacia then stopped immediately." The other driver stopped and telephoned for an ambulance. A woman driving in the opposite direction also saw Mrs Pattison on the pedestrian crossing and believed that Hagston was driving too fast on the approach to the pedestrian crossing. She heard a loud bang. Hagston told another driver: "I didn't see her crossing the zebra crossing." A woman started to attempt resuscitation before an ambulance arrived.  Mrs Pattison's friend, Caron, arrived on the scene and said: "I can't find my friend. We meet every morning to go to work." She rang Mrs Pattison's phone and it began to ring in her handbag that had been moved off the road. Mrs Pattison was pronounced dead at 7.53am. Hagston said at the scene: "My windows weren't de-misted. They all misted up and I didn't see her. They all misted up when I put my heating on." He told police: "It just shows that you don't need to be going fast to kill someone." He gave negative drug and alcohol tests. The car was damaged during the accident but it had no defects leading to the accident. Hagston told police: "It's normally along this part of the road I switch my heater on. I switched it on, the vents opened and there was a puff. My windscreen clouded over. I switched the windscreen wipers on in case it was mist, reached to my right-hand side to get a cloth, which is in the glove compartment next to my leg, to wipe the windscreen on the inside, then, bang, I hit the lady."  The cause of Mrs Pattison's death was severe brain injuries with skull fractures. Hagston had convictions for three previous offences. Mrs Pattison's son, Andrew, said in a statement that he read in court that his mother "touched so many people's lives" and would be missed. "To us, she was our world," he said. "She was a completely positive person who would do anything for anyone." She could "talk and talk" and could be on the phone for an hour or more, often calling just for a general chat. In her work during the pandemic, she was "very old school" and wanted what was best for the patients at the hospital, where she worked in infection control. She was very strict on social distancing. "It was important to her that she was helping people," said Andrew. "At the time, we were very proud of her and the work she was doing. It was her own personal story of victory over disease." His mother was in the "prime of her life" and "she was proud of who she was".  Tom Gent, mitigating, said: "The defendant is someone who doesn't show emotion easily but he is desperately sorry for his mistakes. This is something that will haunt him forever and there is not a day that goes by that he doesn't think of what happened to Mrs Pattison and her loved ones that he has caused to suffer. He is utterly accepting of his mistake and utterly remorseful about it. "The defendant's wrongdoing amounted to more than momentary inattention." Hagston was distracted by the fact that his windscreen had misted up and, rather than pull over and slow down to rectify that, he continued moving forward. "His actions are best described as amounting to a foolish mistake during the course of a few seconds," said Mr Gent. "He was not deliberately taking a chance. He had not been consuming drink or drugs." Mr Gent added: "He has a good driving record. He has been devastated by the loss he has caused. He has been frustrated by the lack of opportunity to convey his apology to the family of Mrs Pattison. This is a kind man who didn't deliberately take any risk and is wracked with guilt for the disastrous consequences of his actions." Judge Sophie McKone told the court that Mrs Pattison was a "devoted and much-loved mother" who brought up her sons single-handedly and made many sacrifices. "She dedicated herself to her community," said Judge McKone. Mrs Pattison worked "tirelessly" during the pandemic, on the Covid-19 ward at Castle Hill Hospital. She was on her way to meet her best friend, Caron, so that they could go to work together. It was a very well-lit crossing and Mrs Pattison was "clear to be seen" and was visible on it to other motorists. Another driver behind Hagston had repeatedly beeped his horn to warn him. Hagston put his car heater on. "It was inevitable that your windows would mist up and, indeed, they did so," said Judge McKone.  Hagston put his windscreen wipers on but that had no effect and he reached for a cloth from his glove compartment and took his eyes off the road. "You didn't see Mrs Pattison," said Judge McKone. He did not slow down or brake and this cost Mrs Pattison her life. "The loss of her to her family and community and friends is immeasurable," said Judge McKone. Mrs Pattison "lit up a room" and was well respected by all who knew her. She had been looking forward to her retirement and having a well-earned holiday with her best friend. Judge McKone told Hagston: "I accept that your remorse is genuine and deeply felt. I accept you have been significantly affected. No sentence can ease the pain of her family. No sentence can demonstrate how invaluable her life was. "As soon as your view became impeded, you should have stopped. You failed to see Mrs Pattison on that well-lit crossing many metres away prior to the collision. You did not brake sufficiently or at all on the approach to the pedestrian crossing and you did not take any evasive action." Hagston was jailed for 10 months and was banned from driving for two years and five months. He showed no emotion as he was led out of the dock to the cells downstairs. 