Manchester United chief Darren Fletcher has reportedly told Erik ten Hag that Cristiano Ronaldo may be replaced by Victor Osimhen. The Napoli star has long been linked with the Red Devils, having previously been on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s radar. And, late in the summer, a blockbuster move to Old Trafford could be about to take place. Ronaldo’s future at Manchester United remains up in the air, despite the club publicly insisting their No 7 won’t be going anywhere. The 37-year-old wants to leave Old Trafford for a team who can offer him Champions League football, something the Red Devils are unable to provide after finishing sixth in the table last term. In recent days, Napoli have emerged as potential suitors. And Tuttosport claim Osimhen, who has scored two goals from two Serie A matches already this term, could be Ronaldo’s replacement. It’s stated that United chief Fletcher has briefed to Ten Hag that a deal for the 23-year-old is possible, despite the huge finances involved. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal United would have to pay around £85million to bring the Nigeria international to the club, a fee that would make him their second most-expensive signing of all time. It would dwarf the £80m they paid for Harry Maguire three years ago, when the England international joined from Leicester. And Fletcher delivering this information to Ten Hag means the Dutchman is willing to ‘consent’ to letting Ronaldo depart. Publicly, the 52-year-old has repeatedly insisted he wants to keep hold of the Real Madrid and Juventus star despite him entering the twilight years of his career. But with Ronaldo on the wane, and United better without him in their recent 2-1 win over Liverpool, it seems a parting of the ways could still be on the cards. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him The report says Osimhen’s agent has also been informed of United’s interest, and the fact Ronaldo could end up moving to Napoli. It is unlikely to be a straight swap should the operation go ahead, however. United will have to stump up the £85m Napoli are asking for, though they’d be willing to pay this over three years in order to ensure they’re able to recruit other players as well. They’d also have to pay him around £8m in wages, too. And United, it’s stated, would have to let Ronaldo go out on loan with the Red Devils then paying a huge 75 per cent of his wages. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Should a sensational deal take place, then Osimhen will become the club’s fifth signing of the transfer window so far. And he’s unlikely to be the last, either, with Fletcher and John Murtough keen to add to the deals already struck for Casemiro, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia. United are confident of landing Antony from Ajax, with an agreement close to being reached for an initial £75m. They’re also refusing to rule out a sensational return for Memphis Depay, who previously spent 18 months at the club. United want a new right-back, with Sergino Dest, Vanderson and Max Aarons all linked at various stages of the transfer window so far. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And they also want a goalkeeper to challenge David De Gea for a starting berth, with the Spain international enduring a difficult start to the season so far. Regarding Osimhen, meanwhile, the Napoli star’s brother, Andrew, revealed in September 2020 that he’d been a target for United earlier that year. However, he refused to move to the Premier League out of respect for Odion Ighalo - who had joined the Red Devils in January. “It is very true that Manchester United wanted Victor,” he said. “But he told me something like he had too much respect for Odion Ighalo to be competing for shirts with his senior colleague. “My brother holds Ighalo in high esteem and he just didn’t see himself going to Old Trafford to battle for a striking role with the highest goal-scorer at the 2019 AFCON in Egypt.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here