Arsenal are aiming to make it two wins from two as Leicester visit the Emirates today (3pm). Mikel Arteta is getting closer to having a fully-fit squad available to choose from following the return of Takehiro Tomiyasu, Emile Smith Rowe and Fabio Vieira to training. Express Sport picks the Gunners XI expected to line up against the Foxes. Aaron Ramsdale is officially the new Arsenal No 1 but in truth he has been that for almost a year now. It was a welcome clean sheet for the England international against Crystal Palace last week He had gone 11 games without a shutout for the Gunners. The last time Ramsdale kept a clean sheet at the Emirates was against today's opponents in a 2-0 win in March. Transfer news: Man Utd swap, De Jong agent activity, Chelsea could sign nine  Tierney made a late substitute appearance against Palace, while Tomiyasu played 45 minutes against Manchester United's under-23 side last Sunday. But perhaps neither have enough game time behind them to start today. Oleksandr Zinchenko impressed on his debut at left-back, while Ben White is likely to continue on the opposite side. William Saliba is set for his first competitive outing at the Emirates and will partner Gabriel Magalhaes in the middle of defence. DON'T MISSDe Jong agent's social media activity drops clear Man Utd and Chelsea hintMan Utd 'offer' Barcelona first-choice star as part of swap in fresh talksMan Utd can turn to four players with £50m Cody Gakpo blocked by PSV  Again, there is unlikely to be any changes in midfield. Thomas Partey will continue to sit in a deeper role behind Martin Odegaard and Granit Xhaka. Having not featured in any of the pre-season friendlies, it looks extremely unlikely that summer signing Vieira would be thrust into action. Whether he is fit enough for the bench remains to be seen having only started full training this week.  There is no reason for Arteta to change a winning formula, with the attacking trio of Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus and Gabriel Martinelli completing an unchanged XI. In the first 20 minutes or so at Selhurst Park in particular, Arsenal looked frightening in attacking areas. They understandably became less effective as the hosts grew into the game more. But Jesus will be eyeing his first competitive goal for the Gunners, while Martinelli will be looking to score in three successive Premier League matches for the first time in his career. Arsenal expected line-up vs Leicester in full: Ramsdale; White, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko; Odegaard, Partey, Xhaka; Saka, Jesus, Martinelli To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here 