The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers across the UK will have to pay 176.88p per litre of unleaded on average. Diesel car owners are expected to fork out even more with the price standing at 187.42p per litre. While the price of fuel is expected to go down, it might still take a while for British motorists to see a considerable difference. With that in mind, drivers are being reminded about the little-known button that changes the way in which the air conditioning system works. By pressing the secret button drivers can save a considerable amount of money on fuel. The RAC said that using air con, especially during a heatwave, can increase a car’s fuel consumption. READ MORE: ‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets The experts added that drivers should not use the air con unless they “really have to”. This is because it uses plenty of engine power during the heat. However, with temperatures expected to soar well above 30 degrees this week, motorists across the country will very likely need the ventilation system. Thankfully, there is a way to use the air con and reduce fuel consumption at the same time. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%' [WARNING] Drivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [INSIGHT] French driving laws spark fierce debate over petrol and diesel rules [REVEAL] Air con systems usually work by taking the outside air and then heating or cooling it. However, drivers have been told that this method uses much more fuel compared to the option which lets the car’s air-con system use the air from inside the car. The air recirculation button, allows drivers to choose between the two options. If activated, the button allows the aircon to use the air from inside the car by drawing it through vents. READ MORE: Drivers slam 'draconian' rural speed limit cuts from 60mph to 20mph And, at the same time, it stops the outside air from getting in. The button is usually located around the aircon dial that allows the driver to set the internal temperature. It has a picture of a car with an arrow inside it. Using the button will help reduce fuel consumption as it puts less strain on the car’s engine. The principle is the same for electric cars as the aircon will put less strain on the battery. Bradley Jando of Kwik Fit said: "The compressor requires energy to run your vehicle’s air conditioning system and so will use a small amount of fuel whenever the system is running. "It could increase your fuel usage by as much as 10 percent, and the effects are particularly noticeable on short journeys. "When you initially set off, the air con has to work hard to bring the internal temperature down to a comfortable level."