The Good Life was the hilarious 1970s comedy that told of how a middle-class couple gave up their lives in the rat race to become self-sufficient while remaining in the suburbs. While they are trying to navigate their new lifestyle, the couples' neighbours are baffled at what they're even attempting. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the whereabouts of the original cast of The Good Life. Tom was a draughtsman before going through a mid-life crisis and deciding to start over again by giving up his job and essentially living off the land. Actor Richard Briers starred in the sitcom for four years before moving on to play Martin Bryce in Ever Decreasing Circles in the 1980s. He went on to appear in Shakespeare productions like Much Ado About Nothing and Hamlet with Sir Kenneth Branagh. Briers was diagnosed with emphysema in 2007 and retired from acting the following year. In 2013, The Good Life star died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, leaving behind his wife actress Ann Davis and their two daughters. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Portraying Tom's supportive wife Barbara was Felicity Kendal who is now 75 years old. She went on to star in shows like Rosemary and Thyme Honey for Tea, and made various guest appearances in series such as Pennyworth and Doctor Who. Strictly Come Dancing fans may also remember she starred in the 2010 series with professional dancer Vincent Simone but were eliminated in week eight. She has two sons, Charley from when she was first married to actor Drewe Henley and Jacob from her second marriage to theatre director Michael Rudman. Jerry Leadbetter was the Good's neighbour and a former colleague of Tom's who couldn't understand why he left his job. Actor Paul Eddington famously went on to feature as Jim Hacker in the sitcom Yes, Minister and went on to star in the spin-off Yes, Prime Minister in the late 1980s. He passed away at the age of 68 in 1995 from a rare form of cancer called mycosis fungoides. Eddington was originally diagnosed when he was 28 and ultimately led to his death years later. DON'T MISS...Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed [CAST]Death in Paradise's Kris Marshall shares 'exciting' spin-off update [UPDATE]Frankie Boyle dismissed 'woke culture' destroying comedy [EXPLAINER] The Good Life wouldn't have been the same without the iconic Margo Leadbetter who couldn't help but look down her nose at her neighbours. Actress Penelope Keith won the BAFTA for Best Comedy Partner for her role as Margo in 1977. She starred in a number of other comedies following The Good Life, including To the Manor Born, No Job for a Lady, Law and Disorder and Sweet Sixteen. In 2018, she presented the Channel 4 series Village of the Year with Penelope Keith. Jerry's former boss Andrew, who was frequently referred to as Sir, was played by actor Reginald Marsh. He starred in Man About the House's George and Mildred as Humphrey Pumphrey and Sir Dennis Hodge in Terry and June. Marsh moved to the Isle of White in the late 1990s and died in 2001 at the age of 74. The Good Life is available to watch on Britbox.