Shetland is coming to BBC One this Wednesday and this time, Jimmy Perez looks into the dark past of a new family. Earlier this year, Douglas Henshall announced he had chosen to step down from the lead role. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why he has decided to quit. Shetland season seven focuses on the mysterious disappearance of a vulnerable character, Connor. His parents find out their son once attempted to take his own life, making his disappearance an even bigger concern. During his investigation, Perez discovers why the family moved to the area and the story takes an unexpected turn. Douglas said he would be leaving the role after season seven, which paves the way for a potential replacement. The reason why he decided to leave was that he felt his character arc had reached a natural end. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe He is now looking forward to taking on a more antagonistic role for his next project. He said of his exit: "I decided to leave a few years ago because I felt that his story was coming to a natural end - it was time to find a resolution to Perez’s private life. "I never wanted to ruin the things that were unique to him and our series, so it felt like the right time to wrap up his story in a way that would be satisfactory to everybody." The star said he was looking forward to "going out on a high" with another successful season. He admitted he felt sad to say goodbye to Perez but was prepared to get emotional. Douglas added: "It will be nice to play somebody who isn’t so irredeemably good as Perez. "I’ll miss him as a person I crawl into every now and again because I liked him, he’s a nice man. "I enjoyed playing Perez and exploring the complications of his life. "Flawed humans are always the most interesting to play because I feel they are the most truthful." The actor said it would be fun to play a "baddie" again in his next role. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter [VIDEO]NCIS fans baffled as Gibbs' house opens up major scene plot hole [DISCUSSION] Shetland series 7, episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER] He said: "I don’t know what the future holds, I mean, I don’t fancy playing a policeman for a while." On whether it was hard to keep his exit a secret, he admitted it now felt "real and weird". He added: "Once this series is over on TV, it’s over [for Douglas Henshall] - I don’t think it will feel real until that moment, for me." His last scenes were filmed in a car park in Kilmacolm, and production had to be put on hold due to Covid. Due to the stop-start nature of filming, he admitted the end felt a little "anticlimactic". However, Perez will always hold a special place in his heart, with the star saying it had been a "privilege" to play him. Douglas had a lot of influence over the character, including his dress sense. He picked out the iconic pea coat and said he had kept some mementoes from the set, including the incident board from the police station. He also took a painting from Jimmy’s house, by a Shetland artist, which he will hang in his own home.  Shetland season 7 starts on BBC One on Wednesday at 9pm