Meghan spoke about her return to the former royal residence in her most recent interview, saying it was "surreal" to return to the cottage. She explained: "You go back and you open drawers and you’re like, Oh my gosh. This is what I was writing in my journal there? "And here’s all my socks from this time?" Journalist Alisson P. Davis, who interviewed Meghan for magazine The Cut, said: "In June, the couple attended some of the events for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in London. "It was their first time appearing at a public event alongside the rest of the Royal Family since they’d left. "While there, Meghan had quietly seen to more personal matters, slipping back into their former residence, Frogmore Cottage, to pack up their belongings." She added: "The cottage is still theirs and has remained mostly untouched since they left." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. The couple played a minimal role in the celebrations, making just one public appearance at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. Their return visit was just the second time Meghan and Harry have returned to the UK together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020 and the first time they had returned to the UK with their two children. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'conscious' that girls see her as 'real life princess They arrived in the UK for the start of the weekend but reportedly left before Sunday's festivities were over. During the Platinum Jubilee Weekend, Meghan and Harry spent time at Frogmore Cottage, celebrating their daughter Lilibet's first birthday with a picnic in the garden. Meghan and Harry had previously returned to the UK very briefly earlier in the summer, paying a covert visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex previously announced that they would keep Frogmore Cottage as their official UK residence "with the permission of Her Majesty the queen". DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE] This, they said, was so that "their family will always have a place to call home in the United Kingdom". The couple are set to make their next visit to the UK on September 5, in order to visit a number of charities "close to their hearts". Announcing the trip, a spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." Charity One Young World, which will be the first stop on Meghan and Harry's trip, said it is "delighted" that the couple will be attending its Manchester Summit. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told Newsweek that a family reunion during the Sussexes' UK visit would be "unlikely, but one can never second guess Harry and Meghan." Meanwhile, royal author Phil Dampier said the couple might "pop in for a chat" with the Queen, if she requests a meeting. He told the MailOnline: "Whether [Harry] meets the Queen will probably depend on her. "If she tells them she wants to see them I'm sure they will pop in for a chat. "I'm sure she would hope the relaxed atmosphere there would be more conducive to talking things through and trying to solve the problems they all face. "Meghan won't like the hunting, shooting and fishing environment of the Highlands but the Queen would feel much more comfortable meeting them there rather than a rushed meeting in London."