Sarah Dugdale joined the cast of Virgin River in season two, portraying the role of Lizzie, Connie's (played by Nicola Cavendish) niece who became too much of a handful for her own parents. The fourth season of the Netflix drama saw sparks fly between Lizzie and one of the show's latest newcomers Denny (Kai Bradbury). Sadly, their romance didn't have the happy ending that subscribers were hoping for by the grand finale. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River.Vernon "Doc" Mullins (Tim Matheson) was shocked when he discovered he had a long-lost grandson in Denny who arrived in Virgin River out of the blue. He soon struck up a romantic connection with Lizzie who was keen to progress with their relationship, however, he didn't seem as enthusiastic. Eventually, Denny admitted that he had Huntington's disease, a condition that stops parts of the brain from working over time, leading to a shorter lifespan. He told Lizzie that he was being cruel to be kind by putting a halt to their blossoming romance before it went any further, not wanting her to suffer through him. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold Actress Sarah Dugdale is in a relationship with fellow actor Charles Nesbitt. Very little is known about the couple but it has been widely reported that they started dating in 2019. Nesbitt has two Instagram accounts, one is a personal account and is kept private, and a public one dedicated to his work as a photographer. Many of his past posts on Instagram feature images of his Virgin River girlfriend. He is very private, only sharing nuggets of information on his personal life via social media. Nesbitt currently lives in Vancouver and has worked both in front and behind the camera, working on the set of Hospital Show back in 2019. In terms of his acting credits, Nesbitt has been in Bloody Knuckles, Charmed, Five Summer Weddings and Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist. Nesbitt has also popped up in Virgin River which his girlfriend Dugdale stars in on Netflix. DON'T MISS...Alex Scott slams stadiums who refused to host womens football [REACTION]Virgin River's Lauren Hammersley forced to pull out of season 5  [CAST]Who is Vince in Virgin River? [EXPLAINER] Nesbitt played the role of "comforting husband" in the first season of the romantic drama back in 2019. This was before Dugdale joined the cast so it is unclear if this is how the actors first met. He hasn't posted any loved-up photos with his girlfriend on his public Instagram account. However, Dugdale has given an insight into her romance with Nesbitt over the years. Dugdale regularly posts pictures of her other half with the most recent published back in March. The image shows the couple eating ice cream outside, with the cute caption: "There is no one I’d rather share my ice cream with". In November, she shared another picture, this time of her boyfriend picking her up. She wrote: "Things I love: wearing black, converse, and the guy holding me up". Virgin River is available to watch on Netflix.