Dramatic pictures from the scene show the crashed grey plane reduced to a crumpled wreckage and lodged in a number of trees, with its right wing almost completely ripped off from the impact. Fire crews from Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire and Berkshire rushed to the scene shortly before 2pm on Wednesday. The plane came down on Dudley Lane, Southend near the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire border.   A spokesperson for Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service said both the pilot and passenger "miraculously" made it out of the aircraft unscathed. Emergency services ensured the scene was safe, disconnecting the light aircraft's battery. They left the incident after ensuring the fuel could not leak. Firefighters left the scene at 3.55pm - around two hours after first being called to the accident. The Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: "Yesterday afternoon, fire services were called to an incident involving a light aircraft on the Oxfordshire/Bucks border. "Miraculously both the pilot and passenger were uninjured and out of the aircraft. "After making the scene safe, disconnecting the battery and ensuring no fuel could leak after the crews left the incident." Officers from nearby Thames Valley Police also attended the incident on the border between Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire. READ MORE: Energy: Putin’s plot backfires as UK gas prices PLUMMET  A spokesperson for the Air Accidents Investigation Branch said it had been made aware of the crash. They added: "An investigation has been launched and we have begun making enquiries." Last Friday, a man died after a fixed-wing, light aircraft crashed at Shobdon Airfield in Herefordshire. A spokesman for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: "On arrival we discovered a fixed wing light aircraft that had come down at the airfield. DON'T MISSRelieved pensioner saved from eviction from home of 66 years by judge [REPORT]Residents outraged as council is unable to evict family in caravan [COMMENTS]Drivers warned to expect massive spike in car accidents next week [LATEST]  "There was one male patient still within the aircraft. "Sadly, it quickly became apparent nothing could be done to save him and he was confirmed dead at the scene." West Mercia Police said: "A man in his 50s has been confirmed dead following the light aircraft crash at Shobdon Airfield, Leominster, Herefordshire today. "No one else was on board, there were no other injuries and no other aircraft was involved.  "The AAIB will investigate the causes of the crash." A spokeswoman for the Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) said: "An accident involving a light aircraft which occurred this morning at Shobdon Airfield, Herefordshire has been notified to the AAIB. "An investigation has begun and a team of inspectors are on their way to the accident site to begin gathering evidence." 