At the end of Friday night's Emmerdale, Naomi Walters (played by Karene Peter) ended up clashing with Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) after the doctor tried to keep the peace between the newcomer and her father Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin). The GP got to see a dark side of Naomi which left her feeling shaken, especially after the ordeal she endured with her serial killer sister Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). Following the confrontation, ITV viewers believe Naomi has got a dark past, and have come up with their own theories about the storyline. "Charles is a good man, you know," Manpreet said as she tried to keep the peace. "Sent me to tell you that, has he?" Naomi fired back before the doctor added: "No, he'd be livid if he knew I was here." "Wow, Naomi, I get that life has dealt you a bad hand," Manpreet replied. "But, it's not been a bed of roses for him either. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation "The father of a child he wasn't told about, this is your opportunity to get to know your real family." "You say my adoptive parents aren't real," the newcomer fired back. "I didn't mean it like that," Manpreet explained before Naomi made a sly dig about Manpreet's serial killer sister. "We're not talking about her," she added as Naomi said: "You can't pretend she doesn't exist." The chat soon took a sinister turn as Manpreet witnessed Naomi's nasty side. Manpreet raged: "If that's what you really think, maybe you should go away and never come back." "Are you warning me off?" Naomi asked. "I'll decide whether I get to know Charles, not you. "I don't need your opinion, you better remember that as I don't take kindly to people who try to interfere." "Are you threatening me?" Manpreet asked as Naomi replied: "You tell me. You seem to know what I am thinking." DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little speaks out on Neville Parker exit [INSIGHT]Big Breakfast viewers 'switch off' after 10 minutes [REACTION] However, following the dramatic scenes, ITV viewers took to social media to share their theories on the upcoming storyline. Many seem to think Naomi could have been one of Nicola's (Nicola Wheeler) attackers, while others seem to think the newcomer is linked to serial killer Meena Jutla. Bernadine quizzed: "Do you think Naomi was part of the gang that battered Nicola? I can't think of any other point to her?" Kelly Hale claimed: "Think that Naomi is linked to Meena #emmerdale." Sonia Stephenson added: "That Naomi is a horrible character. She thinks the world revolves around her and it doesn’t. "Why does she bother to turn up at the village her dad lives in and not accept that she might bump into him. Hope it was her involved in Nicola’s attack." (sic) "When I see Naomi who I can't stand I actually wish Meena wasn't banged up #emmerdale," Lynn tweeted. While fan Riley Collins said: "That confrontation there really confirmed my suspicions Naomi was involved in Nicola’s attack." Kelly went on to say: "Makes you wonder if Naomi was one of the girls that attacked Nicola." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.