Don't, however, make the mistake of thinking all it takes to design for the voluptuous is to buy more material and make the identical dress but bigger. The two examples currently circulating of VB's fashion sense show a slightly miserable model looking as if she's been draped in an entire bale of fabric, and no one has noticed her proportions or thought to incorporate any flattering detail. A for effort - C for execution. Back to the drawing board! Are you fascinated by the pivotal role of the staircase at J-Lo's Georgia wedding to blast from the past Ben Affleck, both below? Is the prominence of a potentially lethal set of steps, upon which the wedding party were picturesquely arranged, as horrifying to you as it is to me? You have to be a mistress of costume changes not to fear tripping over your train. Factor in bouquets, leaving only one free hand to break your fall should you fall, then add high heels, new shoes and that bubbling adrenaline - which can lead to displays of high jinks at nuptials - the whole confection is a recipe for disaster. All it takes is one hurtling toddler, a misstepping bridesmaid or a plunging grandma for the knot-tying to be diverted from Georgian plantation splendour to A&E. I know the bride herself is superlatively skilled at balance-defying pole dancing but to expose the rest of the party to staircase danger is foolhardy. Sorry to be so sensible. I have the privilege of knowing Baroness Mendelsohn, Vice President of Meta's (Facebook's new name) Global Business Group. Nicola's a one-woman powerhouse: a life force, fizzing with laughter, energy, innovation and magnetism. Once you've met her you'll never forget her - nor will you want to. She is that rare creature, a successful woman who warmly champions other women and she's physically beautiful - all tumbling hair and lustrous skin. Despite her poise, Nicola is inviting not intimidating. She burst onto my radio show almost 20 years ago and instantly ignited the airwaves. On the subject of advertising, her then career, she was forceful and compelling. Asked to contribute a campaign to my entirely fanciful "virtual advertising agency" she responded with characteristic verve. She also happens to be a devoted mother of five. I'm painting a picture of this ebullient 51-year-old woman because I want you to share my shock at the revelation, on the diary of a CEO podcast, that she was chronically undermined at school. She partly ascribes her treatment to anti-Semitism. Nicola comes from an orthodox Jewish family. On winter Fridays, when the Sabbath arrives at sundown, she'd have to go home a little early. She vividly recalls teachers deliberately choosing to introduce new subjects on those Friday afternoons when she was absent. Her parents took it up with the school. They were told if they took their daughter out of school, then "that was our problem not theirs". Nicola said certain teachers "marked me down". Despite her quick brain, she was branded a two or three out of 10. As she said, "I wasn't good, I wasn't smart. They didn't think I'd do A levels, let alone go to university. When I got my A levels and my place at university I went back to that teacher." Of course, she did. Nicola is that one-in-a million with the guts to schlep back to her old school to confront the teacher who victimised her. The teacher looked shocked as Nicola let her have it. "I said... you could have destroyed my life. You came close to taking away a dream of mine that might never have been realised." Let that ring from the rafters. Teachers, parents and grown-ups in general: your capacity to trample over children's ambitions, crush their confidence and dampen their aspirations is immense. Your position is powerful so use your power gently. As Yeats wrote: "Tread softly because you tread on my dreams." Happy 64th birthday, Madonna. I wish you fun and felicitations but cannot help wondering if your inspiration font is running a little dry. Being photographed draped across the holy altar of a Roman Catholic Church in Sicily barefoot, sultry of expression and remarkably smooth of face is pretty much what you've been doing since Papa Don't Preach. Can't you shake it up a bit and ruffle feathers in a more inventive way? When you start to be derivative of your own back catalogue it's surely time to seek alternative input. Alternatively, you could ditch the faux controversy and photograph yourself enjoying a nice cup of tea and some scones. Would you watch Channel 4's Prince Andrew: The Musical? Maybe you would imagine it might be a right laugh. If Emily Maitlis's interview unleashed a host of comedy punchlines, how could it disappoint? But perhaps the core of a successful musical is an affinity for the protagonist. You have to care about the key character... Oliver Twist, Jean Valjean in Les Misérables, Tevye from Fiddler On The Roof. If you didn't love these characters, would you hum their tunes after? Can Prince Andrew evoke our adoration? Even with the most gifted composer and lyricist, I doubt it. I think I'll pass on this one. Dame Joan Collins, gracefully approaching her 90th birthday, announces it is unforgivably rude to mention age. Why do so, she wonders, when age is merely a number and inside she feels not a day older than 40? I'm with Dame Joan. The obsession with "outing" age is absurd. So what if an individual is 37, 49 or 65? What does the year of their nativity tell you about their va-va-voom, repartee or vivacity? We all know crumpled and washed-up 35-year-olds, 58-year-olds brimming with promise and 79-year-olds who quite literally lead us a merry dance. Asking anyone how old they are isn't only appallingly bad manners, it also shows a dismal lack of imagination. Think of a more salient or salacious question. If you can't be polite, at the very least try to be interesting.