Today (Friday), Governor Andrew Bailey hit back at claims he had been slow to act over the cost of living crisis, arguing: “If everybody tries to beat inflation, it doesn't come down, it gets worse, that's the problem.” He along with Government ministers rebuffed demands that the BoE’s independence be curtailed. Yesterday, the UK’s central bank raising its interest rate – which forms a baseline for other lenders – from 1.25 percent to 1.75 percent, the largest jump in 27 years. It is the sixth time the bank has raised its rates since December, after dropping them to a record low of 0.1 percent during the pandemic. At the same time, it predicts inflation will rise to 13 percent this year, and has warned that Britain might dip into recession. But despite the massive hike, Mr Bailey and the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) – which decides interest rate changes – have been slammed for being too slow to react to the economic hardship being faced by many. READ MORE: What recession & interest rate rises may mean for your finances Dr Andrew Lilico, Chair of the Shadow MPC at think-tank the Institute of Economic Affairs, said that given the soaring inflation projected, “interest rates as low as this are clearly inadequate and we should expect further rises soon”. He argued the BoE had “failed to act quickly enough to control this inflation, and the Bank of England’s mandate and role should now clearly be reviewed”. Dr Lilico continued: “The Chancellor continues to set the Bank of England a 2 percent inflation target but the Bank continues to make little effort to keep inflation at that level, except on some vague long-term basis that involves ‘seeing through’ notionally ‘short-term spikes’ in inflation – where ‘short-term’ apparently now means ‘two or more years’ and ‘spikes’ means inflation in the double digits. “This should not be considered adequate.” But speaking on BBC Radio 4 this morning, Mr Bailey hit back at claims that he was asleep at the wheel, claiming earlier action may have in fact brought forward an economic recession. He told listeners: “We don't make policy with the benefit of hindsight. I'd challenge anyone sitting here a year, two years ago, to say there will be war on Ukraine and it will have this effect on inflation.” The Bank had warned that Britons face two years of tumbling household incomes due to the pressure from inflation. Mr Bailey also reiterated concerns – which previously drew fierce ire – that companies which attempt to pass on the cost of higher wages for workers to consumers would push inflation higher. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event [INSIGHT]Harry on brink of memoir U-turn after Royal Family 'rapprochement' [ANALYSIS]'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims [VIDEO] Workers in many industries are seeking higher pay packets after largely stagnant wages during the pandemic, as the cost of living becomes increasingly unbearable. Trade unions are calling on companies that have made sizeable profits to pass them on to employees rather than raising prices. Suella Braverman, the Attorney General, has called for a review of the BoE’s exclusive ability to set interest rates, after it was handed the power to do so in 1997 by then-Chancellor Gordon Brown. Tory leadership candidate Liz Truss has pledged to re-examine the bank’s mandate to ensure it has a “tight enough focus” on inflation. Mr Bailey responded by saying it was “critically important” that central banks maintained their independence, something the BoE had “strong views” about. He added, though, that he was “very happy to discuss with the new Government the details and the nature of the regime that's in place.” Asked whether the BoE would keep its independence in a Truss Government, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng replied: “It's absolutely going to keep its independence.” However, the Truss ally added: “If your target is 2 percent [inflation] and you're predicting 13 percent, something's gone wrong. And you've got to look at how the bank is organised and what the what the targets are.”