About 130 loaders, drivers and sweepers employed by Newham Council in east London are set to strike from Saturday until September 3 in a row over pay and conditions. The local authority said it had tried to reach an agreement with Unite after the union's bosses demanded a 10 percent pay rise. Unite said 99 percent of union members voted for the action. Mayor of Newham, Rokhsana Fiaz, said the council had made employees an offer of £2,229, which equates to an increase of between 7.8 to 9.9 percent. Unite said the council had offered a "measly" £850 a year for working bank holidays at a time when workers were demanding £2,300 to address pay disparities and the cost-of-living crisis. It is unlikely waste and recycling will be collected during the strike if the Labour led council doesn't have enough staff to run the service.  Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said: "The drivers and loaders at Newham have Unite’s complete support. The council must now focus on reaching a deal with the workers who face a financial crisis. If they don’t, then the coming days will undoubtedly mean more industrial action." The union's regional officer, Steve Edwards, said: "We appeared to be making good progress, but the talks ended with the council offering a measly £850 when inflation is rocketing. The workers are already paid far less than the crews in neighboring boroughs, but Newham just aren’t making a serious offer. "So, the blame for this dispute lies squarely with the council when there is such a gaping hole in the workers’ pay packets. Time is running out. The council needs to get its act together." Unite wants sick pay paid on contractual Saturdays following or preceding bank holidays; an increase in overtime rates to double time on Sundays and time and a half on all other days as well as a retention payment of 10 percent of workers' annual basic salaries.   READ MORE ABOUT MICK LYNCH BEING SAVAGED BY UKRAINE The union said Newham's workers are currently paid less than those in nearby Hackney and Greenwich with an operative in Newham earning £22,850 compared to £24,763 for a worker in Greenwich doing the same job. Unite is threatening more action unless there is a deal. It said with RPI inflation running at 12.3 percent, spiralling price rises mean essential workers face an impending financial emergency. Mayor Fiaz said meeting the pay demand would mean an additional £1million per year for the service and, if applied to the whole council, tens of millions more per annum. She added: "Simply put, the council doesn’t have that level of money spare, as all our money is spent on vital services for all our Newham residents."   DON'T MISS: Cornwall holiday tragedy: Teenage girl dies after jumping off rocks [REPORT] 'My friends won't vote Tory again!' Vine caller erupts at energy price [LATEST] Royal Family LIVE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [REVEALED] Mayor Fiaz continued: "If the week-long strike action does go ahead, it will cause disruption to refuse and recycling collections for several weeks as the service area catches up with the backlog of collections across the borough. "I know senior officers are doing all they can to resolve the dispute with the union and as soon as we have further information, I will provide an update including the contingency plans we will be putting in place." She said: "Sadly, the people who will suffer the most are our hardworking Newham residents who earn significantly less than what has been offered to our refuse workers." Cllr Nate Higgins, a Green Party councillor for Stratford Olympic Park ward in Newham, said: "I’m frustrated the council is choosing to blame desperate workers and their union for the upcoming strike. A Labour administration should know industrial action is never taken lightly and this is going to cost workers who are already facing substantial pressures. "The statements in the press misrepresent the council’s offer and takes the understandable anger residents feel and misdirects it at workers. This is not fair and it won’t help. Unions and progressive councils need to be on the same side fighting for central Government to reverse austerity and to provide fair pay and conditions for every worker. Everybody understands Local Government is being put under increasing pressure by central Government cuts."  "All Newham residents are facing the same cost-of-living crisis as our frontline council workers. Nobody wants a strike and the very difficult consequences it will bring, but now more than ever people understand if workers don’t fight for fair pay and conditions, many won’t make it through this crisis. "Both sides must now show the courage to get back around the negotiating table and to demonstrate the political will to find a solution that supports workers and residents alike." Concerned Newham resident, Iqbal Hussain, a neighbourhood watch coordinator, said: "The bin strike is worrying. Residents are concerned about their bins overflowing. We already have a fly-tipping issue borough-wide and the rubbish will just pile up. Not only does [it] create an eyesore, it is also a serious health risk, attracting rats and other vermin. "Although temporary waste drop off sites will be created, many won't be able to make the trip, especially our elders without vehicle access." Meanwhile, a strike by Scottish bin workers over pay has spread to more cities, with garbage from unemptied bins overflowing on to Edinburgh's high streets.  Similar strikes have begun in more than a dozen other regions including Aberdeen and Scotland's largest city, Glasgow. Unite said this week a local government body had made clear no additional funds would be allocated for an improved pay deal following a rejected five percent offer. The strikes have coincided with Edinburgh's annual Fringe festival that runs through most of August and draws millions to the Scottish capital. 