Jim Dale warned the extreme weather conditions the UK is now experiencing are only “the start” of the consequences of climate change. He forecasted the planet is “going to see” extreme weather conditions more frequently in the future and stressed this is not something that effects “just the UK, but also Germany, Spain, France and the rest of the planet”.  Referring to the new yellow flood and thunderstorm weather warning issued by the Met Office, he explained the reason the UK is now seeing thse warnings is because the country is now finding itself in a “transition period” where cooler air, coming from the northwest, is now clashing with the hot weather which has been affecting the UK in these last few days. Mr Dale told GB News: “In terms of future, I think we’re going to see this. “This is the start of it, and we have to be wary that these types of events although they do occur from time to time, they can be exacerbated by the climate change situation that we find ourselves in. “I think that the problem that we’ve got here is that when we look at the UK on its own, we’ve had this before in 1976, 1995 and 1990, you can pick your apple in your pair. "You can compare them together, but the problem that we’ve got here is that you don’t do that necessarily when you’re looking at potential of climate change. “You’ve got to join the dots around the world, see what’s going on in the places. “It’s not just the UK, it’s Germany, it’s Spain, it’s France, it’s the United States and all the southern hemisphere. “Then you look at the polls and what the climatologists are looking at into the increased temperatures, which are not just by half a degree or one degree on average, but more like three or four degrees. Referring to the new weather warning issued by the Met Office, he added: “The reason we’re seeing the flood warnings and the thunderstorm warnings is the transition. READ MORE: Protestors barricade themselves around immigration vehicles “Basically, we’re in the transition days, today and tomorrow, where the cool air is moving in from the northwest. “There’s still some quite humid and very warm air, particularly over England and Wales and that transition means it sets off not only thunderstorms but also light rain. “Not too many thunderstorm at the moment, but I think they will come along. “Is it a sign of things to come? DON'T MISS: Gove confronted in furious Brexit row over 30-hour easyJet delay [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: 'Relations will get worse' European Union fears erupt  [LISTEN]Moving vans spotted outside Downing Street as PM prepares to leave [INSIGHT] “When we get hot weather like this, the transition zone always brings its risks of sundry type weather. “We change the air mass and we go back to something a lot more ‘British’. “That’s basically where we are at this moment in time, and in the future we can expect this to happen more or less every time we get a hot spell”. The comments came as the Met Office has warned of large thunderstorms and heavy rain over the UK on Monday as consequence of hot weather now drawing to a close. The warning came into force for south-west England on Monday at 2pm and remain in place until 8pm. Referring to the current amber warning for thunderstorms, climate spokesperson for the Met office Grahame Madge explained : “The ground is like concrete, so the water will run off before it can percolate through. “This could lead to flash flooding in some areas”. READ NEXT: Tories STILL want Boris to stay as PM rather than hand over reinsCorbyn ally Mick Lynch sides with RUSSIA in blaming West for warPutin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims'You've entered the war' Putin puppet threatens EU with nuclear strikeUkraine LIVE: Horror as Putin tipped for SECOND European invasion