Prince Charles paid a surprise visit to a church in Scotland on Wednesday to honour an 89-year-old organist. The Prince of Wales paid tribute to Mary Edmondson, who has been playing the organ for 75 years, during his unexpected appearance at a service at Canisbay Parish Church in Caithness. Ms Edmonson appeared to be delighted when Charles presented her with a basket of flowers. After the service, Charles planted a rowan tree in the church garden to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.Queen Elizabeth II commemorated 70 years on the throne in February and the occasion was celebrated with nation and Commonwealth-wide during a royal extravaganza in June.While the special four-day weekend was mainly in recognition of the Queen, it also emphasised the future of the monarchy and what the coming years may look like.Charles is the longest-serving Prince of Wales and heir apparent to the British throne and has therefore had a lot of time to think about the king he will one day become. READ MORE: Prince Charles's new royal line-up exposed as future king planning monarchy shake-up It has long been said that the prince wants a more “slimmed down monarchy,” which puts the focus on a smaller group of royals within the family, a move that one expert has claimed mirrors the royalty in other European countries.Dr Craig Prescott, a constitutional expert, has suggested that the British monarchy may follow in the footsteps of other European royal families under Charles’ kingship.He told Express.co.uk that the Prince of Wales could make the monarchy “simpler” and “less fussy”.Dr Prescott said: “He [Charles] clearly has plans to slim down the monarchy and to perhaps place it on a more modern footing. “We might get less of the bells and whistles and pomp and circumstance, potentially making the monarchy more business-like.“It isn’t the institution it was in 1952 — it occupies a much smaller ceremonial role and I think we can expect Charles to put that on a much clearer footing.”The constitutional lawyer continued: “There might be a bit more daylight into it, allowing it to become a simpler, less fussy monarchy.“It may be more like the monarchies you have in Europe, where the focus is on a smaller group within the Royal Family. DON'T MISSHarry, Meghan could return as ‘no one wants them around' in the US [INSIGHT]Harry draws on same memories as William for children's upbringing [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry to leave out detail that would 'burn the whole Firm down' [LATEST] “They do public engagements and they live in comparative terms a little bit more modestly. I don’t think they have the same amount of staff around and the same bells and whistles.“So Charles might just take the monarchy down a step.”Dr Precott’s comments came after Charles stepped out for a rare public appearance with a European royal.Back in April, Charles and Queen Letizia of Spain joined forces to visit the Spanish Gallery at England's Auckland Castle. The royals opened the exhibition of Francisco de Zurbarán's ‘Jacob and His Twelve Sons’ paintings at Auckland Castle — the residence of bishops of Durham. It has been home to full-length portraits of the biblical Jacob and 11 of his 12 sons for centuries. Charles and Letizia’s visit marked the opening of the Spanish Gallery, the UK’s first gallery dedicated to the art, history, and culture of Spain. This wasn’t the first time the royal pair have teamed up to show their appreciation for the arts — in 2019, they appeared together in celebration of Spanish impressionist Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida's work at the National Gallery in London. And Dr Prescott claimed we could start to see “more collaborations between the different monarchies,” referencing Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s solo trip to Denmark in February. Kate received an official welcome to the country from Queen Margrethe II and the monarch's daughter-in-law, Crown Princess Mary. Dr Prescott that the European royals’ connections go deeper than joint appearances, with many of the families being related. Six of the current European monarchs descend from King Christian IX of Denmark and Princess Louise of Hesse-Kassel; while five are descendants of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. In keeping with the old tradition of marrying others with royal status, many members of the European Royal Families married their distant relatives. The Queen and Prince Philip —  who, ahead of entering the British Royal Family, was Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark — were cousins, both descended from Victoria.