Arsenal are reportedly 'in the box seat' to sign Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio before Thursday's summer transfer deadline. Mikel Arteta has overseen another busy window at the Emirates Stadium, but he is eyeing late reinforcements to rocket-boost Arsenal's top-four bid. Asensio's representatives are understood to be on standby in London ahead of potential talks over a Premier League switch. But while his Gunners arrival would bolster Arteta's options, it may not be good news for everyone. Express Sport identifies four players for who Asensio's potential Arsenal move would spell bad news... Arteta undoubtedly recruited Oleksandr Zinchenko to become his starting left-back, but the Ukrainian's pedigree in midfield is no secret. Zinchenko operates in midfield and attacking midfield for his nation and will hope to get a chance to shine in the position at the Emirates Stadium. But Asensio has plenty of experience in the 10 position and would likely be a more natural option than the former Manchester City man. With that said, if he continues his current form on the left side of Arteta's, he should be there to stay for the foreseeable future. JUST IN: Liverpool, Man Utd and Arsenal target Neves drops major transfer hint Emile Smith Rowe enjoyed the best individual campaign of his career in 2022/23 but spent periods as an impact player. He has resumed that role at the start of the new season, coming off the bench twice in the Gunners' opening four outings. In a World Cup year, Smith Rowe will already be itching for regular minutes to give himself the best chance of travelling to Qatar with Gareth Southgate's squad. But Asensio would just be another forward to compete with. READ MORE: Tottenham make 'loan offer' for Leeds star as Antonio Conte considers After uninspiring loan stints at Hoffenheim and Feyenoord, it's a big season for Reiss Nelson to prove his worth. He turns 23 this year, and Arteta's starting wingers Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli are younger and already more proven. Smith Rowe is already ahead of Nelson in the pecking order, and Asensio would undoubtedly leapfrog him too. Acting as a fifth-choice option for two positions is a situation no players want to find themselves in, but the Real star's arrival would push him down to those depths. Fabio Viera's early Arsenal career has been plagued by injury. He was absent from the opening two Premier League games against Crystal Palace and Leicester City before being an unused substitute against AFC Bournemouth and Fulham. Given captain Martin Odegaard's form at the heart of Arsenal's scintillating attack, it's hard enough to see where Viera's run of game time arrives. Adding Asensio to the mix would only add to the competition for the Portuguese playmaker, who will need time to adapt to English football as it is. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here