Officers in Binefar, Huesca Spain were called at around 7.30pm on Monday by witnesses who had seen the girl fall, according to the Guardia Civil. She had fallen from the seventh-floor of the building onto a balcony on the first floor of the building. The house where the girl fell was empty so Guardia Civil officers with local police broke down the door in an attempt to rescue the girl alongside medical teams. However, after performing resuscitation maneuverers for more than one hour, the girl was pronounced dead at the scene. The Judicial Police team of the of the Guardia Civil of Barbastro arrived at the scene to investigate the death. Sources close to the investigation said that the toddler was playing with her five-year-old brother while her parents were in another room, according to the Spanish news agency Efe.  The sources said the parents of the girl and her brother had gone to visit someone at the seventh floor flat. The newspaper Heraldo de Aragón reported that a customer of a pub located on the ground floor of the building heard a strange noise which he then investigated. As he approached the back of the building, he saw the girl's body on a first floor balcony. There are no balconies on any other floor in the back of the building. The customer attempted to help the girl himself but could not, according to Heraldo de Aragón. READ MORE: Putin faces furious coup - Ukraine war architect narrowly avoids death  The girl's mother had to be treated by Social Services for shock upon hearing the tragic news. The news comes following a series of tragic falling deaths in Spain. Just last week, a 48-year-old British woman fell to her death from an eighth-floor balcony in Palma, Majorca. She was reported to be alone in her room when she fell at around 8am on August 17. Witnesses called emergency services, including an air ambulance, immediately after seeing her fall, however she died at the scene. The National Police are investigating that incident. DON'T MISS:Australia hands UK energy lifeline with fresh supplies – No10 says [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Nuclear horror - thick smoke rising from Zaporizhzhya [LIVE]Brute who starved Staffie to death 'confused' as court jails him [REPORT]  Earlier this year in May, a 34-year-old British man died after falling from a seventh-floor balcony in Magaluf. Police believe that he was engaging in the dangerous activity known as balconing. Balconing involves moving between two balconies outside of a building or jumping into a swimming pool from a balcony. The Government of the Balearic Islands - which includes top tourist destinations such as Mallorca and Ibiza - has even gone so far as to ban balconing, allowing hotels to kick out tourists partaking in the dangerous activity. 