Erik ten Hag ruled he will not get drawn into discussing names linked to Manchester United when quizzed on the club's interest in Marko Arnautovic. The Red Devils have reportedly made an offer worth around £7.2million for the Austrian international, a proposal that has already been rejected by Bologna. Speaking after the disastrous 2-1 opening-day defeat to Brighton, Ten Hag was pushed for an explanation on United's left-field move for the former West Ham and Stoke man. The Dutchman was snappy with his response, stating: “I don't go into names and I think in this pre-season 50 players are involved or linked with Manchester United, so that's it. "We have two strikers and maybe a third one in Marcus Rashford.” United are understood to be working on the signing of another centre-forward but supporters are underwhelmed by the prospect of signing 33-year-old veteran Arnautovic. READ MORE: Marko Arnautovic decides view on Man Utd transfer as 'opening £7.2m transfer bid rejected' The Red Devils are believed to be targeting the former Premier League bad boy as a potential replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, although they still hope to keep the Portuguese international. Discussions are ongoing with Serie A club Bologna over a potential deal, which is still very much alive. Arnautovic hit 14 goals in 33 league matches last season on his return to Italy and he is thought to be open to the move. Prior to the Brighton defeat, Ten Hag was asked whether he expected to have more new signings available for the opening game of the season. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer “That would be a good situation. But I have a squad and I'm happy with the squad," Ten Hag told reporters. “The current squad, they make good progress. I'm happy with the signings until now. We just don't need any player, you need the right players and that's the point where we're working all together.” Arnautovic is not the only striker of interest to United though with Benjamin Sesko also on their summer shortlist. Salzburg are adamant he is not for sale and they value the teenager at £55m as the race for the Slovenian intensifies. Chelsea and RB Leipzig are also in the fray though and United may once again be forced to explore other alternative avenues. There is also interest in Stuttgart forward Sasa Kalajdzic, who can leave this summer for around £16m. United are not focused on the signing of a new No 9, however, with a new full-back and midfielder also on their wanted list. Ten Hag will now be keen to see some urgency following Sunday's alarming performance against the Seagulls, in which it was clear United do not have enough quality to fulfil their current aspirations of a top-four finish.