Manchester United and Chelsea have been given fresh hope in their efforts to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona after the Catalan giants reportedly inflated the value of the sale of their TV rights by jointly funding the purchase through a holding company they set-up. La Liga are refusing to accept the money Barcelona put into the sale as income, which means the club could now be under pressure to sell players to come in line with the league’s financial regulations. Last month, Barcelona announced that global investment firm Sixth Street had bought 25 per cent of the club’s La Liga TV rights for the next 25 years. But, according to Spanish radio station The COPE Supporter, £126million of the £561m transaction price was funded by the club themselves. Barcelona had intended for the £126m to count towards their income for financial fair play reasons. But La Liga have rejected the cash as income as they don’t see it as new money. The Spanish club have already shelled out £42.6m for Robert Lewandowski, £41.85m for Jules Kounde and up to £55m for Raphinha this summer. So they could find themselves in a rather inauspicious situation unless they cash in on some of their stars. To make matters worse, Barcelona’s £150m payment is perfectly legal and will be viewed as legitimate income by the taxman. So the club will also have to cover a £31.5m tax bill on the money. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest    If Barcelona are forced to sell, De Jong will surely be the first player out of the door. The 25-year-old Netherlands midfielder has been heavily linked with a move to the Premier League this summer, with United and Chelsea circling. But De Jong reportedly wants to stay where he is and bought a new house in Barcelona earlier this year. And he is also still owed an estimated £17m by his current employers after he deferred some of his wages during the COVID-19 pandemic, which also complicates matters. DON'T MISSSaliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exitsDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made   United boss Erik ten Hag worked with De Jong during his time in charge of Ajax and would regard the player as a huge improvement compared to the midfielders he currently has at Old Trafford. And after the Red Devils were defeated 2-1 at home to Brighton on Sunday, they need all the reinforcements they can get. But if De Jong does agree to quit the Nou Camp, he could prefer to move to Stamford Bridge as he wants to compete for silverware and play in the Champions League. And Chelsea can offer him both of those things. 