Marriage dives head first into the 27-year relationship between married couple Emma (played by Nicola Walker) and Ian (Sean Bean). They've had a number of difficulties over the years, much like many couples, but are still madly in love, showcasing what a real-life marriage is like on the small screen. Prior to the BBC drama's premiere, Walker opened up about wanting to work with one particular co-star for quite some time. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from  Marriage.While the drama is primarily about the marriage of Emma and Ian, there are a few other relationship dynamics that are explored in Marriage. One of which is between Emma and her dad Gerry (James Bolam), which hasn't always made for easy watching with their often awkward dynamic. Fans may have recognised Emma's dad as actor James Bolam who has been in a plethora of shows and films throughout his 60-year career. Some of which have included playing Terry Collier in The Likely Lads and its sequel Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?, Jack Ford in When the Boat Comes In, Roy Figgis in Only When I Laugh, Trevor Chaplin in The Beiderbecke Trilogy and Jack Halford in New Tricks. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 So it's no wonder that the former Unforgotten star was excited about acting opposite Bolam as his daughter. When asked about enjoying working on these particular scenes at a Q&A, talking to press including Express.co.uk, Walker stated: "Yes, because it was the Bolam as well, the finest man walking. "I've always wanted to work with him and just a delight to be with him, on and off camera." Walker, however, was left feeling "embarrassed" while she was shooting a scene with her onscreen dad, during the early production stages. She explained: "I don't think you see that very often, that difficult relationship with a grown-up daughter and her dad. "I was trying to think if I had seen it anywhere before but I haven't, not like this. "And the difficulty with that I found early on, is that I imagined some of the scenes with him which should be more acted maybe and Stefan [Golaszewski, director] very beautifully talked me down from that. "I did a version of it at one point that, in rehearsal, was very dramatic, and I look back and feel a bit embarrassed about that! "I loved all of the scenes in my dad's house, they were really hard to do in a really, really good way, because it was painful to not receive the love that I wanted." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest makes history with valuation of funeral effigy [EXPLAINER]Marriage viewers cringe over BBC drama's 'dire' theme tune [REACTION]Marriage actor Sean Bean blasts detective dramas 'So boring' [CAST] As Emma continues to struggle with her relationship with her dad, there are also ongoing issues with her husband Ian to contend with. Since he has been out of work, Ian has become more interested in her new thriving career and while happy for Emma, he has grown concerned about her flirty boss Jamie (Henry Lloyd-Hughes). They have bickered as a result of his jealousy, despite Emma making it clear that she has never been interested in him. With just one more episode left to air, how will the couple's love story be left when the drama concludes? The description for the finale reads: "Jessica moves home, and Ian gets to spend some time with her. "Jamie receives an unexpected visitor. Emma decides to tell him and her father some truths." Marriage is made up of four episodes in total with the entire boxset ready to watch on BBC iPlayer. Marriage concludes on Monday, August 22, at 9pm on BBC One.