Some Ryanair staff in Spain are taking part in industrial action this month. The USO union is planning to continue action until January 2023 with strikes every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Ryanair has 10 bases in Spain which are Madrid, Barcelona, Girona, Malaga, Seville, Valencia, Alicante, Santiago de Compostela, Palma and Ibiza. Yesterday over 100 flights were impacted by delays at Spanish airports. The USO is calling for Ryanair to comply with Spanish law and withdraw 100 actions taken against staff. A spokesperson said: “We are very positive, we believe that the strike take-up today will be like the previous ones.” READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 'Cheeky' trick to travel with extra items In July, over 300 flights were cancelled and there were over 3,000 delays at Spanish airports with Ibiza and Palma worst affected. Ryanair has said it doesn’t not expect much disruption to its 3,000 daily flights during August and September. A spokesperson said: “These two unions which represent a small part of our Spanish cabin crew, have carried out a series of ill-supported 'strikes' in June and July that have had little or no impact on Ryanair flights to/from Spain. “In July alone, Ryanair operated more than 3,000 daily flights and carried a record 16.8 million passengers, many of them to/from Spain. “Ryanair hopes that these latest strike threats, which only affect a small part of our Spanish cabin crew, will not have any impact on our flights to/from Spain during August and September. "Although a small number of flights in Spain were cancelled or delayed in July, this was mainly due to ATC strikes and flight delays. “In July no flight was cancelled due to strikes called by USO and Sitcpla. “The vast majority of Ryanair's Spanish cabin crew are represented by the CCOO union, which has already reached a labour agreement with Ryanair that covers the majority of our Spanish cabin crew." READ MORE: The most beautiful village in Spain is ‘stunning’ with ‘lovely views’ According to local media, 29 flights were delayed in Palma Mallorca yesterday while 19 were affected in Barcelona. Other affected destinations included Madrid, Malaga, Valencia, Alicante and Seville. easyJet staff have also taken part in strikes this summer in Spain over working conditions. British Airways staff at Heathrow had voted for strike action but this was called off after the two sides reached an agreement. Many British travellers are set to be impacted by train strikes this week as it is expected that only 20 percent of the schedule will run. London will be impacted by a Tube strike on August 19 with some bus routes also affected. British tourists have faced a difficult summer of travel with lengthy delays at many major airports. The travel industry has struggled to cope with staff shortages and a huge surge in demand for international travel.