The mother, who has asked not to be named, has recently moved home and her child's new school says it is in her best interests to receive private transportation and have apparently relayed their findings to the council. However, the parent claims Stockton Council has repeatedly sent taxis at inconsistent times and often with another pupil in the vehicle, despite their knowledge that the child requires a routine. She says the council, which Labour lost to no overall control in 2019, has been "uncooperative and unhelpful" with efforts to ensure their daughter gets to school. As a result of a saga, the mum claims her daughter's attendance at Mo Mowlam Academy in Redcar, Teesside, is struggling, as is her mental health. Speaking to Teesside Live, the mother continued: "It's ridiculous, this whole ordeal has been detrimental to her mental health and it frustrates me as her mother because CAMHS has sent me letters with supporting medical evidence to say that she needs that sole taxi. She cannot cope at all with other students in the car. "I just want what's right for her. Personally, the school and I believe that I should get the funding to hire a private taxi. It really feels as though nobody is listening to her." The girl has Sensory Processing Disorder, anxiety and depression. Councillor Mike Smith, Stockton Council's Cabinet Member for Environment and Transport, said: "We provide a home to school transport for hundreds of children and young people in the borough and we do all we can to ensure the transport arrangements provided meet their needs – this includes an individual assessment for every child. "We are always keen to work with parents, carers and children and young people to address any concerns they may have. "We understand the family is unhappy with the child's current offer of transport and although we cannot comment on the specifics of an individual case, we have regularly been in contact with her and are currently considering the concerns she has raised as a formal appeal, which will be progressed in line with our well-established appeals procedure." The family contacted their local MP, Alex Cunningham, for advice but say this route took several attempts to finally get in contact with the MP's office: "We didn't get a response for a while and when we did they told me there was nothing else that they could do." A representative for MP Alex Cunningham's office said: "From my understanding communications have been ongoing with the family - we said we would chase up her concerns and now we are currently waiting for the information. Ultimately, we can only get to a certain level when it's a legal matter, we tend not to involve ourselves because we're not legal experts. "I'd like to reiterate that, obviously, we always try to assist and help our constituents as best as we can but we cannot demand or insist anyone do anything. We can only log complaints, ask questions and try to get the best results we can." 