Anne Hegerty lost out on the top spot to football manager Harry Redknapp in the 18th season of I’m a Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! back in 2018. Although ITV’s popular reality show will soon be returning for its next edition of All Stars, The Chase star has revealed she probably won’t be making any more reality TV appearances outside the game show any time soon. Chaser Anne, best known as the Governess, has confirmed she hasn’t had a call to appear in I’m a Celeb’s All Stars spin-off. The series is due to premiere on ITV next year, and several old favourites are rumoured to be making a return. Having come seventh during her visit to the jungle in 2018, Anne doesn’t have any plans to return to Australia for the celebrity challenge any time soon. “I think if I was going to do it I’d have heard about it by now,” she told Express.co.uk and other press at the National Reality TV Awards. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history “I think it’s really, probably, only going to be series winners.” This could mean Harry, who has managed Portsmouth, Birmingham and other football teams, could be up for a second round of Bushtucker Trials. “So Harry is very welcome to do that, with my blessing!” Anne joked. Unfortunately, fans shouldn’t expect the Chaser to appear in other reality shows - such as the newly confirmed return of Big Brother - any time soon. When asked if she has plans to appear in any other series, she said: “I don’t really think so, no. I’ve done the biggest one.” Now Anne has taken part in one of the most popular reality series in UK TV history, she doesn’t have any desire to step out of the comforts of The Chase. However, this doesn’t mean her career will stop with the popular quiz show. Earlier this year, she was confirmed to be starring in an upcoming sitcom titled Gammon, which is currently looking for a home before starting production. DON'T MISS:America’s Got Talent fans fume as Jordan Conley faces wildcard vote [REACTION]NCIS star lands huge Jake Gyllenhaal movie role [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr nearly played by different star [INSIGHT] At the NRTAs she revealed: “The sitcom hasn’t actually been greenlit yet. “We are hoping for someone to pick it up. It exists as a script and fine outlines. “We’re hoping a production company will be interested in it. “It would be lovely to get going on it, we’re just waiting for that to happen.” Anne would be starring in the sitcom as a weary housekeeper with two dim-witted older brothers, who have yet to be cast. She is expected to return to The Chase after the summer alongside the likes of Shaun Wallace and Paul Sinha. Meanwhile, rumoured I’m a Celeb: All Stars contestants include the likes of Gillian McKeith, Stacey Solomon and Gino D’Acampo. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.