Energy bills have been thrown into the spotlight once again with the news of a near £3,000 rise in October. Current estimations suggest the energy price cap could increase a further 24 percent in the Autumn months. Though most people turn their heating off in the summer months, there are other areas of your home that could be chomping away at your bill. Experts from E.on say "summer is the ideal time to take a step back and look at ways you can make changes to your energy habits to reduce your energy use and help you save money." They have shared "a few easy changes" which can help to reduce your energy bills right now, and could serve as a major help once the colder months arrive. Get outside With a heatwave set to sweep the nation once again, there's no better time than now to spend a few hours outside. E.on said: "Spending more time outside, even just for a few hours each day will help you to save on your energy use by using fewer appliances and lighting, thereby helping you to save money on your energy bills." Instead of flicking through Netflix or catching up on your favourite TV, pop on some suncream and head into the garden with a book. READ MORE: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage With the lighter nights upon us, take advantage of the warm weather and enjoy a walk. Though it seems simple, these small activities can help to make a dent in your energy bills. E.on explains it's not just you who should be getting outside either. When it comes to washing, pop everything on the line on a sunny day, rather than wasting energy on your washing machine. E.on's experts said: "By hanging clothes on the line to dry outside instead of using the tumble dryer, you could also save energy and an average of around £30 a year on your electricity bill." Reduce oven cooking Oven cooking doesn't just eat up energy while making your food, it can also result in extra usage when you're forced to switch on the fan. E.on recommends "embracing meals that don't require cooking". Picnics in the garden, simple salads or tasty sandwiches are all perfect for hot days, and won't be much of a drain on your energy bill. Make the most of late sunsets In the depths of August, across the UK the sun doesn't dip below the horizon before 8:30pm, making it the perfect time to soak up those late nights. E.on's experts said: "During the summer months, the natural sunlight should do most of the work to brighten up your living space, so you shouldn’t need to have your indoor lights on, saving you energy. "Lighting accounts for around 15 percent of your electricity bill so it should save you some money too." Furthermore, curtains and blinds can reduce the amount of heat you get in through your windows so closing them in rooms that you aren’t using during the day, for example, bedrooms, is an efficient way to keep your house cool so you don’t need to use a fan in the night. DON'T MISSWhere to buy a house: Fastest and slowest cities for selling [REPORT]Boiler warning: Brits urged to 'turn heating on' in summer [COMMENT]5 expert tips to reduce your energy bill for autumn [INSIGHT] Check-up on your boiler Experts at Boiler Central are urging Britons to turn on their boiler "now and again" during the summer to check for faults. A spokesperson from Boiler Central said: “Most homeowners believe turning their boiler off as soon as summertime hits should be a given, but this is far from the case. “Turning your boiler off for long periods can cause more harm than good, which is why it is important to turn your heating on now and again." The summer months are also a perfect time to have your boiler serviced. E.on's experts added: "Check the pressure on your boiler is correct and ensure you get boiler cover, with a service every 12 months. "If you’ve had your boiler for a while, think about whether it’s time to upgrade to a new boiler. "This would not only give you peace of mind for when the colder weather sets in but could save you around £205 a year on your energy bills." Think about your washing machine Washing your clothes doesn't stop once summer arrives, but you can change how you are using your washing machine. E.on said: "The average modern washing machine uses 50 litres of water per load5— heating that water requires a lot of energy. "This summer, instead of doing your washing at a warm or hot temperature, use a cooler setting to save energy." For tough stains, consider a hand treatment before popping the in the wash. Even a cold temperature can combat tough marks after a hand stain removal.