After the exciting confirmation of The Blacklist’s renewal, it looks as though production for season 10 is in full swing. A member of the crew left fans on the edge of their seats after sharing a behind-the-scenes look at the NBC set.   In February, Red Reddington star James Spader made an appearance on the Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon, where he confirmed The Blacklist had been renewed for season 10. Since the announcement fans have been eagerly awaiting news about the thrilling drama, however, the cast and crew have remained tight-lipped. Thankfully for viewers, the show’s makeup artist Amy Wadford provided a sneak glimpse of the set on Instagram. She posted a photo of a director chair which had ‘Reddington Raymond Red’ written on it, with the caption which teased: “Season 10! Starting Soon!!” READ MORE: Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think    This caused hysteria in her comment section with thousands of fans responding with anticipation and excitement for the upcoming instalment. An eager @Messparke wrote: “Omgg can’t wait.” A second fan @resslerette1 added: “Yesssssss!!!  Already SO impatient for Season 10, let's gooooo!!” @gms777 wrote: “Oh goshhh!!! This is amazing!!! No turning back!!!”  @danilenedb commented: “I can’t believe!!!! What a great new!!!! Can’t wait.” (sic) While an excited @redisdead_1231 quizzed: “I’m so ready when will it be coming out.” Fans can expect a major shift when the Blacklist returns as two major stars announced their departure. Amir Arison who played FBI’s Tech Specialist Aram Mojtabai and Laura Sohn who portrayed FBI Agent Alina Park will be stepping down. DON'T MISS...Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview [INSIGHT]The Blacklist's Megan Boone pays tribute to former co-star Amir Arison [INSIGHT]The Blacklist theory: Dembe ditches task force for Red [THEORY] Throughout season nine Alina had been suffering from migraines which turned out to be the cause of pregnancy, she told the team and announced she would be taking medical leave. As for Aram, during the final episode, he announced he would be resigning from his role as the team reflected on Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) death. Liz was a close friend and a fellow FBI agent and after her murder, the team were left shaken and eager to resolve the crime. With the case of her murder finally closed, fans will also get to see the FBI agents work on other thrilling crimes.   It was recently revealed that a face from the past would make an appearance in season 10 to rock Red’s world. In the upcoming season, viewers will meet Siya Malik, an MI6 intelligence officer, who is set to shake up the task force. According to Deadline, Siya is the daughter of Meera Malik (Parminder Nagra), an FBI agent who worked with Red back in season one. Meera was killed by an assassin at the end of the season and, 10 years later, Siya will step into Red’s life looking for answers. The Blacklist seasons 1-9 are available to watch on NBC in the USA and Amazon Prime Video in the UK. 