EE is running a limited-time sale right now which slashes the prices of its home broadband packages. The leading mobile phone operator is offering its fibre broadband packages from £24 a month and are throwing in free set-up as well on all fibre broadband and full fibre plans. Savings of up to £48 are available on a range of EE plans, but if you want to take advantage of this deal you need to act quick as the savings are only available until the end of Thursday August 11. The cheapest EE fibre broadband plan offers 36Mbps average downloads and costs £27 a month. However, if you're already an EE customer you'll be able to get this 24 month contract for £24 a month. The Fibre Plus plan - which offers 73Mbps a second average downloads - is also available for £30 a month or £27 a month if you're an EE customer on a 24 month plan. Both of these broadband offerings will give customers a saving of up to £48. Besides these savings, EE is also offering other incentives for people thinking of picking up a broadband package. Whichever plan you choose if you're already an EE customer you'll be able to get 10 percent off your monthly broadband bill. Plus, depending on which broadband package you get you'll also be able to get up to 20GB extra data to use each month on your EE mobile. EE is also throwing in free access to Xbox Game Pass Ultimate with select home broadband plans. If you haven't heard of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, it's a Netflix-style service which lets subscribers access hundreds of games for a monthly fee. There are two membership tiers - Xbox Game Pass and Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. And those that choose the latter won't even need an Xbox console to enjoy games available in the library. That's because Xbox Game Pass Ultimate offers games that can be played over the cloud on your smartphone, laptop and even via a Samsung TV. EE is offering six months free Xbox Game Pass Ultimate access with its Full Fibre 500 plan or 12 months free access with the Full Fibre 900 package. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate costs £10.99 a month, meaning you'll be able to save around £120 with this promotion.