Performances at both Richfield Avenue and Bramham Park concluded last night. However, festival-goers at both Reading and Leeds have taken to social media to share footage of flames and smoke. Other users also complained about delays in exiting the sites in both Yorkshire and Berkshire. Many users shared their concerns when the official Reading and Leeds Fest Twitter accounts, which operates under the handle @officialrandl, said: "Be safe and TAKE YOUR TENTS HOME." One user @PurpleDebbie claimed: “Leeds festival fires causing gridlock in carparks. "Very worrying videos and messages from my sons trying to leave. "No security. Not good enough.” JUST IN: Notting Hill: Met Police horse dies at Carnival as force set to launch investigation Another user, operating under the handle @iizzyleach, wrote: "Been sat in the queue trying to get out of Leeds festival for three hours now!" Other social media users shared videos of what transpired. User @_shannonBolitho wrote: "Absolutely shocking scenes at Reading festival." Her clip showed a crowd gathering around as a fire roared. User @olly14605012 shared a separate but similar clip from Leeds. Festival attendee, Amber Vellacott, said she and her boyfriend decided to leave the festival at 7pm on Sunday evening as they feared crowds were getting rowdy. In an interview with the Mirror, she said: "We saw fires start at about 4pm in various camps, the crews & security were fast on them, but all the kids were surrounding and egging it on, throwing rubbish & cans into them. "We felt the whole vibe of the campsites change, and when we saw people start picking up tents and rubbish, throwing them into the trees & across the camps, we thought it was best to pack up and head out - annoyingly so! "But it just didn’t feel safe for two grown adults, let alone all the kids there. When we left at about 7pm, there was a fair bit of security but not masses DON'T MISS: Bastille, 1975 and Halsey were among the artists performing at Reading on Sunday. Arctic Monkeys, who formed in Sheffield in 2002, closed the Leeds leg with a huge singalong. West Yorkshire Police and Thames Valley Police have been approached for comment.