Gotheborg is an 18th-century Swedish East India Company ship which has made its first return to London since 2007 today. Anyone walking along the River Thames in parts of East London could be in with a chance of spotting the spectacular ship, but where is it right now? Here's the Gotheborg route mapped and exactly where to find it once it has moored.  Gotheborg was spotted passing under Tower Bridge in London earlier this morning following its departure from Oslo, Norway on July 31, 2022. The incredible Swedish ship is expected to make its way across the River Thames throughout the day before mooring in Canary Wharf. According to the official Gotheborg of Sweden website, the ship has been making its way throught the capital since around 8am this morning. READ MORE: London tube station haunted by chilling 'Screaming Spectre'  The ship sailed under the iconic Tower Bridge between 8.30 and 9.30am and is now expected to have reached West India Dock. From here, the ship will continue to its final mooring at Thames Quay, South Dock in Canary Wharf. Gotheburg will break for four days at the morring which is located between the Isle of Dogs and the entrace of Canary Wharf. The ship will remain in Canary Wharf for four days, during which it will be open to visitors.  From Monday, August 8 until Friday, August 12, the incredible vessel will be moored up and welcoming people of all ages to look inside the ship. Gotheborg is a unique replica of an 18th century ship that ran aground just outside its home port Gothenburg, Sweden, in 1745. With a unique history and working status, there's plenty to explore during its port stop in London. The ticketed exhibition allows visitors to listen in on everything from captivating stories about the ship's history, to the "tremendous art of shipbuilding in a contemporary 18th century environment".   Tours of the vessel are held between 10am and 1.30pm each day, though it will cost you to attend. According to the official event website, tickets cost £15 per person for anyone above the age of 16. Tickets for visitors aged five to 16 cost £7.50, and anyone under the age of five goes free. The official event states that visitors are allowed access to every aspect of the ship, from the top deck to the cannon store.  Gotheborg's official website said: "On board Götheborg you will visit the beautiful weather deck with the helm, capstan and ship’s bell. "Sundeck offers great views of the ship and masts, and down on gun deck there are ten impressive cannons. "Don’t miss the two pieces from the original ship, one piece by the historical cupboard with porcelain and chalk pipes on gun deck, and the other one recessed into the helm." Gotheborg of Sweden is currently sailing in Europe after completing its first Asia expedition. In 2023, the iconic ship will make the journey again to complete its second visit there.