TV and radio presenter Dermot O’Leary has been on and off our screens for years. Dermot, 49, is probably best known for his role as the host of The X factor, Soccer Aid and for presenting This Morning with Alison Hammond on Friday mornings. The English broadcaster is also a radio presenter on BBC Radio 2. Dermot was born and raised in Colchester, Essex and is the son of Irish parents. The presenter married his long-term girlfriend Dee Koppang in Chiddingstone in September 2012. The couple welcomed their son Kasper in June 2020. The family live in Primrose Hill, North London in a stylish home that’s reportedly worth £3.5million. Properties in Primrose Hill had an overall average price of £1,756,249 over the last year, according to Rightmove. READ MORE: Property expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid Terraced properties sold for an average of £2,854,333 and semi-detached properties sold for £3,954,000. The home has been exquisitely decorated and includes adorable personal touches. One of the most incredible features of their home is their statement staircase which includes a 1920s-style carpet runner. The home appears to be a Victorian townhouse and includes some original features including the floorboards and the bannisters. DON'T MISSUse apple cider to get rid of ivy - ‘works the best’ [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [UPDATE]Three ‘effective’ methods to deter ants - ‘they can’t get through' [ANALYSIS] At the top of their stairs they have exposed brickwork and at the bottom, wooden logs can be seen sitting in an alcove. The property appears to have more than two floors with another, industrial-style staircase seen elsewhere in the home. One of the rooms upstairs has double doors and herringbone, wooden floors. The room also has stylish retro furniture and a circular, brass drinks trolley. A Juliet balcony can be seen from one of the bedrooms which has beautiful wisteria growing through the bars and up the exterior walls of the property. The couple’s home has lots of photos and posters which include a “Just Married” sign, a photo featuring a football player, a framed excerpt from a magazine crossword and family photos. The kitchen appears to have a nautical theme because there is an anchor light and retro-style cupboards filled with cups and glasses The room also has floor to ceiling windows which overlook their garden. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Pictures of the couples’ cats can be seen across both Dee and Dermot’s Instagram accounts. The cats can often be seen lounging on furniture, sitting in sinks or even staring at an office printer. One photo shows Dermot cuddling one of his cats, Toto, at the top of the stairs.