Dr Michael Mosley and The Fast 800 have helped thousands lose weight and feel good. During weight loss, many can experience a plateau, but the expert says “simply being aware of it may just be the key to long-term success”. A weight loss plateau is very common and can occur at any point during a weight loss journey. It’s a period during a weight loss programme where your weight stops decreasing, despite carefully following an appropriate diet and lifestyle plan. “Be aware that during this period, your weight staying the same is actually a positive,” the expert said. “This is because you are not gaining any weight, therefore proving to yourself that you can keep the weight off. “Maintenance is an important part of a weight loss journey.” For those experiencing a weight loss plateau, Dr Michael has shared a few strategies to make things a little easier. ⁠ READ MORE: Menopause weight loss hack: Avoid weight gain and still eat chocolate “Research shows that diets low in carbohydrates can help you to flip your metabolic switch from burning sugar to burning fat,” he explained. Eating a diet with fewer than 50g of carbohydrates per day can result in faster weight loss than a traditional weight loss diet. He recommends trying The Fast 800 Keto plan as a short-term option. DON'T MISS...Archie to be left ‘confused’ by Meghan and Harry’s decision [EXPERT]August 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [GUIDE]Keep pineapple chunks from going brown with clever food storage hack [VIDEO] There are many other benefits to exercising that extend beyond weight loss. “Studies have shown that to lose weight, you need to combine three types of activity: high-intensity interval training (HIIT); resistance training; and, low-intensity, or “incidental” activity,” the Fast 800 website explains. “Maintaining lean muscle mass during weight loss and beyond is crucial in reducing your risk of weight loss plateau. “By maintaining and, where possible, building muscle mass, your metabolic rate will stay the same or increase, and you will continue to lose weight.” READ MORE: Dr Michael said: "Fibre is often overlooked, yet critically important for any healthy diet”. To feel full and remove the need for snacks throughout the day, fibre can help, especially when paired with protein and healthy fats. There are several fruits and vegetables you can eat, that are low in calories but high in fibre. Pears, six grams in a medium-sized pear, apples, four grams in a medium sized apples. Avocados, 10 grams in a cup, artichoke, 10 grams in one. Legumes and pulses are also high in fibre; lentils, 16 grams per cup of cooked lentils, kidney beans and chickpeas, 13 grams per cup of cooked kidney beats or lentils. Time-Restricted Eating is a form of intermittent fasting that is “simple to add to your weight loss plan”. The Fast 800 explains: “TRE involves reducing the window in which you consume calories, extending your fast, usually overnight. “If you’re new to fasting, start with 12:12 (12 hours of fasting, 12 hours of eating) and when you’re confident, you may wish to extend this to a 14, or in some cases 16, hour fast. “During this time, you can choose to eat two or three meals a day.”