Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has been told that former Blues owner Roman Abramovich “would have sacked him” following his side’s 2-1 defeat to Southampton on Tuesday. The former Russian owner sold the club following sanctions placed on Chelsea amid the ongoing war in Ukraine, and Todd Boehly took over the reins this summer. After taking the lead through Raheem Sterling at St Mary’s, Chelsea conceded twice in the first half as Southampton came back via goals from Romeo Lavia and Adam Armstrong, and Tuchel’s side failed to score again in the second period. The defeat prompted calls for Boehly to further invest in the transfer window before Thursday’s deadline, despite spending over £200million already this summer. "Thomas Tuchel has got to be under pressure,” former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “Chelsea are used to winning Premier League titles; now they are going to be looking at a fight for top four. Arsenal and Spurs are looking very good. They could finish fifth this season. That is unacceptable with the amount of money they have spent. "The previous owner of Chelsea would have sacked him by now for last season's Premier League finish. The amount of points they finished behind Manchester City and Liverpool and this season looks like it will go the same way. Last season, I said that Tuchel was lucky to keep his job. "Everyone hammered me for it, saying he had won the UEFA Champions League, got to finals, but they are boring to watch. I watched them against Leeds and watched them last night; they don't entertain me." Jorginho and Sterling were slammed by BT pundits for their roles in the two goals Chelsea conceded as they were leapfrogged by Southampton in the table, and Agbonlahor took aim at the Italian midfielder and Kai Havertz too. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes "Jorginho can't run in midfield anymore,” Agbonlahor added. “It's okay being good on the ball, but you need to be able to run in midfield now. Havertz looked a shadow of the player he was a couple of years ago. For me, they have got problems. What are they going to do now? Spend another £100 million?" Boehly continued his summer spending on Wednesday by announcing a £70m deal to sign Wesley Fofana from Leicester, ahead of what could be a busy transfer deadline day. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been linked to solve Chelsea's problems up front, but a deal has been made complicated after the striker suffered a broken jaw, while there have been rumours of a blockbuster move for PSG star Neymar. Tuchel rejected the idea that not starting with a recognised striker was the reason why his side slumped to their second defeat of the season. “It is not a question of striker or no striker,” Tuchel said after the loss. “As a team we are not strong enough at the moment. It’s too easy to push us off track. Defending these goals has nothing to do with [the] attack. You cannot prove it with data or body position or tactical positions. Just toughen up.”