England Lionesses star Alessia Russo has revealed that she is “still recovering” from the celebrations following the team’s 2-1 Euro 2022 final victory over Germany. The win was witnessed by over 19million TV viewers on BBC and the party has not stopped since the final whistle blew on Sunday. The team enjoyed a night of celebrations that evening before setting off to Trafalgar Square to join thousands of fans who watched them lift the trophy once again. Russo came off the bench in the final and admitted she was still feeling worse for wear even on Thursday. “I am very sleep deprived right now,” Russo told talkSPORT. “But I am loving it. Sunday night we all went back to our hotel where we had been all camp just outside of London. All our friends and family came back and we were on the dancefloor all night. "Everyone was up performing on the mic and then we had to wake up and go to Trafalgar Square for the parade so I think there were a few sore heads. Then the next day we had a little team meal and a team night out and yeah, still recovering but all good.” JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd want Ziyech, Chelsea eye ex-Arsenal ace Fellow final substitute Chloe Kelly sparked wild celebrations with her extra-time winner at Wembley, which prompted scenes that warmed the nation as England claimed their first major trophy since 1966. Amongst all their recognition for the team’s success, the Lionesses made sure to focus on the next generation and demanded that the next Prime Minister make changes to allow girls more time to play football in PE. An open letter, published by the Lionesses' Twitter account on Wednesday, asked potential Conservative leaders Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss to consider changes to give girls the opportunity to play football after research revealed that only two-thirds of girls have the chance to play football in PE lessons at school. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferLeicester 'immediately reply' to eye-watering £63m Chelsea transfer bid for Wesley FofanaMan Utd striker shortlist pecking order emerges with two targets on Erik ten Hag radar “We want every young girl in the nation to be able to play football at school," they wrote. "Currently only 63 per cent of girls can play football in PE lessons. The reality is we are inspiring young girls to play football, only for many to end up going to school and not being able to play. “This is something that we all experienced growing up. We were often stopped from playing. So we made our own teams, we travelled across the country and despite the odds, we just kept playing football. “Women's football has come a long way. But it still has a long way to go. We ask you and your government to ensure that all girls have access to a minimum of two hours a week PE."