On Saturday Morning's GB News, hosts Anne Diamond and Stephen Dixon were joined by Dawn Neesom and James Bloodworth to discuss the latest news stories. During the segment, Anne made a surprising admission about using Dishwasher tablets to wash her clothes.  On the show, the hosts and guests discussed West Bromwich footballer Daryl Dike, who revealed he had accidentally used dishwasher tablets to wash his clothes for eight months. Dawn Neesom shared: “He’s only 22, he’s a US international, he was having trouble with some of the English translation even though he’s American. To which Anne Diamond defended: “Well you can, as long as it hasn’t got bleach in it, yes you can.” Dawn asked: Have you done this,” and Anne responded: “Yes, it’s more or less the same stuff.” The host explained: “You know when you run out of stuff for the washing machine and there's no time to go out and get anything and I’ve looked at stuff I’ve used for the dishwasher and it’s got no bleach in it, at all.”  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected The host explained: “You know when you run out of stuff for the washing machine and there's no time to go out and get anything, and I’ve looked at stuff I’ve used for the dishwasher, and it’s got no bleach in it, at all.” “Just a squirt of that does the trick,” Anne added. Dawn went on to ask: “But you did it on purpose though Anne, right?” When she agreed, Dawn added: “He just didn’t realise that despite his dishwasher tabs having a shiny glass and a shiny plate.”    But before she could finish, Anne defended the footballer’s error and stated: “Detergent is detergent at the end of the day, isn’t it.” This sparked an uproar on the morning show as her co-host Stephen Dixon loudly disagreed. As he shouted: “No,” James clarified: “Washing up liquid definitely doesn’t work in the dishwasher, I’ve tried that and soap suds all over the kitchen.” Stephen then jokingly asked Anne: “Did your clothes come out with a lovely bright shine?” DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [INSIGHT]GB News guest in furious take down of Labour leader [INSIGHT]Anne Diamond sparks eco fury as she confesses she nets her trees [INSIGHT]     “Yes all glossy and gorgeous,” the host responded. As they laughed, Anne added: “No, you have to be sensible.” To which Dawn joked: “I think I might try it on my hair if that’s the case." “No I wouldn’t," Anne warned as a clearly disturbed Stephen wailed: “No, you can’t say it's the same thing.”    Anne continued to defend using dishwasher tablets to wash her clothes, as she added: “But it is, its detergent.” Dawn suggested: “You’re going to have to try it, you're going to have to go home and say to the other half ‘Darling we’re going to save money by using dishwasher tablets.’” Anne shared: “ You know why they put it on pods is to get it to use more, you don’t need to use anything like the amount that’s in a pod.” As Dawn joked about using pods in the bath, Stephen admitted to using “washing up liquid in the bath.” GB News is available to watch on Freeview and Virgin Media.   