A Yorkshire-based pie company has been named one of the best in the world, putting the much-loved northern English region on the map. The company's pies have won an international award for their impressive taste. Yorkshire Handmade Pies, located in Ripon, North Yorkshire, has been named among the top food and drink producers in the world. It picked up a number of prizes at the Great Taste Awards, including a three-star award for its steak and kidney pie, two two-star awards for its steak and black pudding and Yorkshire samosa pies, and two one-star awards for its mushroom and ale and steak and ale pies. The three-star prize is a rarity, with only 241 products from the 14,000 judged in the Awards earning one. This is awarded for "extraordinarily tasty food and drink". READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language Yorkshire Handmade Pies founder, James Sturdy, said he and his team were "over the moon" on hearing the news. He continued: "So fantastic for the team to be recognised for all their hard work. "Five awards is a seriously impressive haul - it's hard to get any awards so five is really good, especially the three-star one. "We're so proud of our local area and of representing Yorkshire's finest produce on an international stage. DON'T MISS: City with the cheapest pints in the UK named - just £3 [LIST]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXCLUSIVE]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] "Great Taste is the most recognised accolade in the food and drink world. "For independent producers like Yorkshire Handmade Pies it really means a huge amount to be recognised." The company is passionate about sourcing local produce and has direct relationships with Yorkshire Dales farmers. It also makes an effort to advocate flexitarianism, believing that eating better quality, sustainable meat less regularly is better for the environment than cheap meats from the supermarket. Founded by James a few years ago, the company was inspired by his great-grandfather's pie-making skills. On his website, James stated: "My Great Grandfather (pictured) first started to make pies in his village shop nearly a century ago, inspiring me to follow him to continue the methods of hand-crafted pie making. "When you buy our pies, you'll discover pies made properly. "Succulent slow cooked Heritage breed beef, Herb fed free range chicken and melt in the mouth Grass fed Wagyu beef are just a few of the star ingredients we use in our pies. "And you'll instantly fall in love with the aroma of our freshly baked pastry, so light it could float off your plate! "Our direct relationships with some amazing Yorkshire farmers and producers means we offer you true 'farm to fork' eating. "We only buy direct from farmers who we know and trust to deliver a fantastic quality product that is farmed in harmony with the environment. "Our pies are just the thing when you need a good feed, and we look forward to sending you a taste of Yorkshire in a pie!" The pies are available to buy in boxes of six on the Yorkshire Handmade Pies website, which showcases pictures of the pies and the impressive reviews they have garnered by customers in recent months. Pat Daniel wrote: "I want to thank customer service first, Karen was great. On receiving pies, the presentation was great with ice blocks, wrapped and boxed didn't expect that, for everyone who says they are expensive, no way! On eating the steak pie, couldn't believe how much filling, absolutely tender, beautiful, very tasty. Well worth the money, if you want to have fish and chips or restaurant you would pay a lot more! I will be ordering again, not sure which one, but they all will be delicious, thank you to all at the company, by far the best tasting pie in England." Donald Campbell commented: "We tried the Yorkshire Steak & Hambleton Ale Pies and were delighted with them, full of meat with delicious crusty pastry case, perfect!! I should add the product was really well packed and arrived still frozen, and on time. Thank you." Janet Thorne added: "Very tasty, arrived in good condition, will definitely order more." The Great Taste Awards are judged by a panel of over 500 food and drink professionals, blind-tasting 14,205 different products from 110 countries. Yorkshire Handmade Pies was not the only British company to win the prestigious three-star award - two products from Dorset won the accolade, as well as eight Welsh businesses, and seven companies from Devon. One of these was Higher Hacknell Organic Meat, which won for its Organic Sirloin of Beef and Shoulder of Lamb. Voyager Coffee also earned three stars for its Costa Rica coffee beans.