On Monday morning, former glamour model Sam Fox and her wife Linda Olsen joined Good Morning Britain presenters, Richard Madeley and Kate Garraway to talk about her recent wedding. Sam, who is also an acclaimed pop singer opened up about a cancer scare while she was on tour in France.      She recalled the moment she woke up without a voice, before eventually discovering a lump after visiting multiple specialists. Sam disclosed: “It was a very scary time, it was during a French tour, I was getting up every morning without a voice. “I was warming up, and warming up and speaking to my vocal coach in England on the phone trying to get it right for the gig that night, but it was a real chore.” She detailed: “I went to three different surgeons, ear, nose and throat specialists, they looked down my throat and they couldn’t see anything.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery  Sam then revealed she sought advice from a friend and West End star, who pointed her in the right direction. “I was speaking to a friend of mine Lisa Stokke … anyone who worked in the West End singing night after night is the best person to speak to.” The singer continued: “She told me to see a certain surgeon, I went to him, he put the endoscopy down and saw it. “It was lying behind my vocal chord, right at the bottom, it was in a very precarious place.”    Speaking to the presenters, Sam confirmed: “It was a polyp, a lesion, it wasn’t a nodule which most singers get which I had in ‘89, which is a lot of voice rest. “A polyp is very frightening, it had to come out very quickly, but I couldn't get it out before I was married because I wasn’t allowed to speak. “I waited until I was married and not long after I went and got it taken out.” Speaking on the result, Sam added: “It got the all clear not so long ago,” turning to her wife she said: “Happy being married, happy being cancer free.” DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway shares 'traumatic' update on Derek's health [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh leaves co-star gobsmacked with brutal weight jibe [INSIGHT] During her appearance, Sam also spoke about finding love at 52 after tying the know with her new wife Linda Olsen. Linda revealed they first met at a concert and first interacted after she had purchased meet-and-greet tickets. Speaking to Richard and Kate, the singer admitted meeting her wife was love at first sight. After cancelling their wedding during the pandemic, the pair eventually tied the knot in June in Essex  She briefly touched on her past experience and stated: “I was nearly married before but something very unfortunate happened and then I met lovely Linda six years ago.” Sam was previously in a relationship with her tour manager Myra Stratton who had worked with her for 16 years. Sadly, Myra lost her life in August 2015 after a two-year battle with cancer. During her 2009 appearance on I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!, Sam told the campmates the pair were also engaged. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 