In an interview with New York magazine, The Cut, Meghan claimed that during the 2019 London premiere of the live-action version of The Lion King, a South African cast member pulled her aside and compared her to Mr Mandela. She said: “He looked at me, and he’s just like light. He said, ‘I just need you to know: When you married into this family, we rejoiced in the streets the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison.’” The author of the article, then added, in clarification at Meghan's tale that the Duchess, "knows she's no Nelson Mandela". However, the comment has been criticised by former aide to Margaret Thatcher, Nile Gardiner, who said that the Duchess's "hubris is staggering".  Adding to the criticism, royal commentator Angela Levin tweeted: "Words fail me". Twitter user, @terysgirl added: "That is just a little too over the top". Nelson Mandela was a South African anti-apartheid activist and the first president of South Africa. He was arrested in 1962 and was given sentenced to life imprisonment for "conspiring to overthrow the state." In 1990, after 27 years in prison, he was released after growing international and domestic pressure and amid fears of a racial civil war. READ MORE: 'Fantasist' Meghan Markle debunked over 'misleading claims'  Mr Mandela then helped to negotiate an end to apartheid, before becoming President in 1994. However, not everyone was critical of Meghan's comparison to Mr Mandela, with many Sussex fans flocking to Twitter to praise the article. @lamoncampus tweeted: "The Duchess of Sussex is truly an inspirational role model! She took a situation that almost cost her life & is using it to help others." @applebean6 added: "Am glad she found her voice back and doing the things she ought to do with a heart and passion. Incredibly proud." Also commenting on the article, @mystical0404 said: "What a beautiful read, beautiful family and amazing author."  When Meghan Markle married Prince Harry in 2018, she became the first mixed-race, American to marry into the Royal Family. In her article in The Cut, author Allison P. Davis said that Meghan "understands what her ascent meant to Black Britons, for whom she’s a sign of progress, and to women, for whom she’s a working mom and a signal boost to the issues that affect them (paid parental leave, equal pay)." Ms P. Davis added: "Even though she avoids reading her own press, Meghan knows people see her this way." Meghan and Harry stepped down from senior royal duties in 2020, citing Meghan's treatment by the British press as one of their reasons for doing so. DON'T MISSAussie TV host lashes out in furious rant at Meghan Markle 'A tosser' [REACTION]Meghan recalls EXACT moment she and Harry chose to leave UK [REVEAL]Prince Harry speaks of 'fixing' £12m Montecito home [INSIGHT]  In an explosive interview with Oprah in 2021, Meghan revealed that the pressure of royal life and of being under the microscope had led her to have suicidal thoughts. She said: "Look, I was really ashamed to say it at the time and ashamed to have to admit it to Harry especially, because I know how much loss he has suffered, but I knew that if I didn't say it, then I would do it. Meghan said. "I just didn't want to be alive anymore." Actor and presenter Adil Ray has defended Meghan, stating that she has been unfairly treated by the media.  Speaking on Good Morning Britain, he said: "I think it was absolutely true that she got unfair treatment by the press compared to Kate.” Meghan and Prince Harry now live in Montecito California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org. 