Prince George, Prince Charlotte and Prince Louis are set to all join Lambrook School next month, amid the Cambridge family's move to Windsor. According to the Daily Mail's editor-at-large Richard Kay, Prince William has previously appeared to snub his father, Prince Charles after stating that he has "few memories of his father from his school days". Speaking on Palace Confidential, Mr Kay discussed how the proud father-of-three wants his children to "have a good memory of his role as a parent". Mr Kay told Palace Confidential that it is William that looks likely to be doing the school run for George, Charlotte, and Louis. He said: "One of the things he has said is that he has few memories of his father from his school days. "His mother was very much in charge of it." Mr Kay added that William "wants to make sure that his three [children] have a good memory of his role as parent too" Host Jo Elvin added: "That's lovely actually." READ MORE: Meghan Markle puts Royal Family on alert AGAIN as Duchess' new podcast released - DETAILS Also speaking on Palace Confidential, The Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden recalled William previously talking about "travelling in the car with his mother, and sort of playing Tina Turner songs, think it was 'simply the best', really loud to try and suit their nerves." Mr Eden added that George, Charlotte, and Louis are "not going to have that" as they are going to be "day pupils", instead of boarding school like their father and their uncle, Prince Harry. The three Cambridge children are all set to join Lambrook School. The school, which also has classes on Saturdays, is situated a short distance away from their new home, Adelaide Cottage. READ MORE: 'Exasperated': Harry complains about having to 'fix' £12m mansion in chat with Meghan This is the first time that all three children will be attending school together. In London, Prince George and Princess Charlotte were students at Thomas's Battersea, whilst younger brother Prince Louis attended Willcocks Nursery School. According to the announcement from Kensington Palace, Jonathan Perry, the headmaster at Lambrook School, said he and the rest of the school are "delighted" to welcome the three Cambridge children. DON'T MISS Queen issues 'deeply saddening' news as she carries on working [REVEAL]Give poor Harry and Meghan a break and let them live their lives WHALE [COMMENT]Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well' [INSIGHT] During a chat for the British TV documentary When Ant and Dec Met The Prince: 40 Years of the Prince's Trust, then-father-of-two William stated that he was "a lot more emotional than I used to be". Speaking on fatherhood, William stated that, as a father, the "smallest little things" make you "well up a little more". The Cambridges are known to be quite hands-on with their parenting, and will be changing up their arrangements further by moving their live-in nanny Maria Borrallo in a separate property once they relocate to Windsor. READ NEXT: