Amazon Kindle fans could see a major feature disappear from their device in the coming days. As Express.co.uk reported previously, Amazon recently announced that it would be removing the ability to buy ebooks directly from a number of older ereaders. Devices such as the fifth generation Kindle are among those being hit by the changes, with all affected models losing the vital feature from Wednesday, August 17. If you're wondering whether your ereader is on the list, then here are the Kindle devices that will soon lose the ability to buy books. Kindle (2nd Gen) International, Kindle DX International, Kindle Keyboard, Kindle (4th Gen), and Kindle (5th Gen) While you won't be able to purchase Kindle books directly on these devices in a few day's time, you'll still be able to buy books on the Amazon website and send it to your Kindle. So that is one workaround for this, however, some people may prefer the convenience of buying an ebook on their device. If you fall into that camp you have a few options available to you. You can simply upgrade to a newer Amazon Kindle, with the cheapest model available the entry-level device with a front light. The front light will help with reading at night time, and this ereader is available for £69.99 - but right now you can get this ereader with £10 off. You can also get a new Kindle ereader with three months worth of free access to Kindle Unlimited right now. Kindle Unlimited is a subscription based service that offers access to over a million ebooks - so if you're struggling to find something to read this service will help. Amazon also offers trade-in on older Kindle models, so if you want to get rid of your old Kindle and get money off a new one you can exchange it. Amazon offers trade in on select Kindle ereaders, and the whole process can easily be done from the comfort of your home. Simply head to the Amazon Trade-In programme website, answer a few questions about your device and then you'll get a label you can print to send your old Kindle back to Amazon for free. Once Amazon receives it and accepts it they'll send you a gift card as well as a 20 percent discount for a new Kindle. Amazon accepts trade-in on a number of Kindle models from the 3rd generation ereader through to the 9th gen. The online retail giant also accepts trade-ins for other devices like smartphones, tablets, game consoles and other Amazon products such as the Fire TV Stick.