Argos has banned the use of a phrase deemed “outdated” by its customers. The retailer had used the offensive wording in an advertisement in some of its stores and online. Argos has removed the term “two-man delivery” from its website, as well as from a sign in one of its shops, after complaints from customers Some shoppers claimed the wording was sexist and offensive. The retail giant will now use the word “people” – or “person” – instead of “man”. Some customers noticed Argos’ use of the term “two-man delivery” in recent days and took to social media to complain. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare Following this, Argos quickly removed the phrase and has now replaced it with “two-people delivery”. Since the update, other customers have complained the world is “becoming too woke” and there was no need to get rid of the word “man” and change the sentence. Before the change, one customer tweeted: “I noticed in one of your stores your ad was sexist – two man delivery. Hopefully moving forward you’ll change this to two person delivery.” Another wrote: “Can you explain why you put up a ‘Two Man Delivery’ sign in your brand new Lewisham shop?  “Do you only hire men to deliver heavy goods? It’s a very outdated and insensitive phrase.” Another shopper said the phrase was “not very inclusive language”. Argos said: “We updated our wording earlier this year to ensure we reflect the diverse communities we serve and colleagues we work with.” Explaining its delivery service on its website, the retailer doesn’t specify the gender of its drivers, saying: “For bigger items (things like sofas, freezers etc.) our friendly drivers will contact you on the day of delivery with an estimated delivery slot, and they’ll safely take your order to your room of choice. “Please note, delivery prices may change but you’ll be able to see any delivery charges before you pay at the checkout.” Since announcing the change in phrase, Argos has come under fire again for being “too woke”, according to some customers. Twitter user @aku_sonja wrote: “When will it stop?” David Morgan tweeted: “Argos have removed the phrase ‘two-man delivery’ from its website because people said the wording was ‘sexist’ and ‘outdated’. “Welcome to 2022. Imagine being offended by something so insignificant.” Grant Rivers wrote: “This world is becoming too woke. Now #Argos are ditching the term ‘two-man delivery’ after complaints from customers that it was sexist. Stop the world I want to get off!” Tagging Argos, Mark Kelly commented: “I will go out my way to avoid going to shops that appease the woke mob.” User @bpbriper wrote: “Why do we pander to the crazy.”