In 1969, Elvis Presley released his final two movies in acting roles. Change of Habit was the last but the penultimate was The Trouble with Girls, which was shot in October 1968 just before the release of his iconic Comeback Special. This month's Elvis Week 2022 saw The King’s The Trouble with Girls co-star Marlyn Mason make an energetic appearance. The sprightly 82-year-old is one of three women alongside Nancy Sinatra and Ann-Margret to have recorded music with the music icon. During the interview at Graceland, the actress shared how the first time she met Elvis he said: “I apologise, [hair stylist] Mary Keats just dyed my eyelashes and eyebrows.” Mason thought: “Wow! This man doesn’t have an ego, he’s talking to me like I’m his best girlfriend!” However, without thinking, what she said next totally shocked The King. Mason confessed to Elvis: "I’m not a fan of yours.” The King immediately gave his co-star a funny look and she clarified: “But I don’t mean it unkindly. I’ve never seen you perform and I’ve never seen your movies. I know who you are, I know your songs, but my love of music has been Broadway musicals.” However, it wasn’t long before Elvis totally turned that around. One day on set, the music icon called for Mason who he called “Cap” since she always wore a hat to work. READ MORE: Elvis astonished Barbara Eden on Flaming Star 'No one else does that!' The King said to her: “I’ve got a special coming on and I want you to watch it and tell me what you think." Mason recalled: "I was in love with the guy, he was just a dream to work with. So I turned the TV on and he came out in that black leather…and I said to myself, ‘I’m working with that every day?’ I went back that Monday and knocked on his door and he opened it and said, ‘Yep?’ And I said, ‘I told you I wasn’t a fan of yours, but I am now. You don’t know how talented you are!’ And he was, the man was phenomenal.” The Trouble with Girls leading lady never saw Elvis again after filming was completed, but she remembers the most tragic thing he ever told her in private. DON'T MISSElvis' brother pays emotional tribute to King 45 years after death [ELVIS BROTHER]Elvis death: Linda Thompson unveils her secret funeral tribute to King [ELVIS FUNERAL]Elvis post-divorce Priscilla Presley visits ‘We were still in love’ [PRISCILLA] Mason revealed: “The saddest thing he ever said to me and it’s the only thing I remember word for word that he said to me was, ‘I’d like to make one good film because I know people in this town laugh at me.’ It was sad because he’d have been great. Tragically, Elvis’ uncompromising manager Colonel Tom Parker blocked The King from starring in what turned out to be Oscar-winning movies like True Grit with John Wayne and A Star Is Born with Barbra Streisand. Nevertheless, the likes of Viva Las Vegas and King Creole (the star’s favourite of his movies) are ones his fans should be proud of on his behalf.