At 62 years old, Sarah Ferguson looks fantastic. After losing “close to 50 pounds”, or 3st 7lb, she has managed to maintain a slim figure thanks to a combination of diet and exercise. How did she lose weight in the first place? Sarah, the Duchess of York, has not been afraid to speak openly about her weight in the past, drawing the connection between physical and mental health. In 2015, she explained something needed to change after she realised she was “addicted” to food. She told the Today Show: “My addiction was food. I used it to suppress my feelings and therefore every time I went through something – a salacious lie the media might tell about me – I ate to compensate. “I got to a point where I just couldn’t bear looking at myself any minute longer. READ MORE: Gregg Wallace shares foods he ate to lose 4.5st - 'Wasn't a struggle!' “I was 190 pounds a year ago and I was miserable. “You look at the top of the mountain, you think you're never going to get there.” Sarah explained she had previously attempted many diets, but one finally stood out. She said: “I’ve tried many different diets over the years, but when I heard about Gianluca Mech’s work, I decided to visit the University of Padua, one of Europe’s oldest seats of learning, where the research for the diet is carried out. DON'T MISS:Woman who only eats 'children food' saves £125 on shop with small change [FOOD HACK]Woman furious as neighbour's 'rude' children stare over fence 'Privacy please?' [NEIGHBOUR NIGHTMARE]Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry during 'difficult' appearance suggests 'anxiety' [MEGHAN MARKLE] “I was impressed by what I heard, and the scientific evidence there is to show the benefits of a ketogenic diet and variants of it.” After following the diet for 18 months, the Duchess said she saw a dramatic change in her weight and health. The keto diet is a low-carb, high-fat diet, which Sarah felt she needed as before losing weight she particularly enjoyed eating high-carb foods such as bread, pasta, and pizza. Gianluca’s approach to the keto diet “combines plants with certain proteins to help the body digest them”. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake He continued: “Our research proves that you can be on a diet and you can eat great tasting food that is good for you.” The diet is “based on offering the tastiest Italian keto food during ketosis to make this process easy and pleasant”. Additionally, one of the diet’s benefits “is that it improves your mood due to the rapid weight loss”. “Many people finally lose that feeling of constant hunger and there’s improved muscle mass,” Gianluca added. Speaking of Fergie, Gianluca said: “Sarah seems very happy to me. “But as she herself has said to me: ‘Gianluca, you have to look for happiness inside yourself, not outside.’ “I think she’s satisfied with the diet, which offers pleasure without sin.” Exercise is just as important as diet when it comes to weight loss, and Fergie has previously spoken about her personal trainer, Josh Salzmann. Writing on his website about her weight loss journey with Josh, she stated: “Fitness is mind, body and spirit, Josh always says…‘Free your mind and your bottom will follow’…I personally believe in listening to your body and smart training. “Don’t overtrain, and sleep and good nutrition are just as important. “All of these values have been taught by Josh to me and I personally can say I have lost close to 50 pounds, by not overtraining and incorporating the above disciplines.”