Comedy legend Lenny Henry, 63, has been in the business for nearly five decades and has seen how comedy has evolved in that time. Reflecting on his career, he talked about modern comedians and how they have to adhere to what producers want rather than being able to embrace their own comedic style. Talking about the continuing popularity of his Tiswas stint when he was 19, Lenny argued that the much-loved show is proof comedy shouldn't be "sidelined". He continued: "Outside of perhaps Ronnie Barker or Phoebe Waller-Bridge, comic performers don’t get the respect they deserve." The actor and presenter added: "Look at Mo Gilligan – his talk show is great, but back in the day, he’d have been given his own show where he’d get to do all his characters and talk to the audience. "Producers tend to slightly body-swerve what you do and try to repurpose it to service their idea." READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation Although best known for his comic performances, the all-round entertainer also acts. He will soon appear in the upcoming Amazon Prime series, The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power. However, comedy remains his main love, and he explained why it would continue to be the most important thing for him. Speaking to Radio Times, he continued: "I've given 35, 40 years to acting the fool, and if a brilliant comic role came my way today, of course, I’d do it." Tiswas featured a young Lenny as he embarked on his comedy career. He has since gone on to make a name for himself as one of the most-loved comedians. The Dudley-born star remains a favourite with audiences today, still leaving viewers in stitches. Recently, he welcomed athletes to The Midlands as he took part in the opening of the Commonwealth Games. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Billy in Walford exit after Honey rejection [THEORY]A Place in the Sun viewers blast repeat episode 'Seen this' [REACTION]Aiden Turner details fears of filming ITV series [EXCLUSIVE] One of The Black Country's own, he proudly represented Birmingham last month. "What an opening ceremony," he stated, joking: "I've had the wrong kind of mushrooms on me toast this morning!" He added: "We are live from the Alexander Stadium with 30,000 spectators, including my brother Seymour who's down the front. "All your little faces smiling at me - black, brown, pink, white, sunburnt from last week." The crowd cheered s he announced: "Please welcome our Commonwealth champions!" However, the games aren't the first connection Lenny has had to royalty. Back in 2015, he was knighted by the Queen, and has reflected on the experience. In an interview with Channel 5 News, he was asked about what it was like to meet the Queen. Ever the joker, he replied: "I’ve met her before, we go to Nandos on a regular basis. We’re always in Nandos together. She has the peri peri chicken."