Energy prices for British households will rise by 80 percent by October as regulator Ofgem warned the Government it must act urgently to "match the scale of the crisis we have before us". Ofgem confirmed an 80.06 percent rise in the energy price cap for around 24 million households in England, Scotland and Wales, sending the average household's yearly bill from £1,971 to £3,549. The Times' assistant money editor David Byers explained how Brits can literally "plug the gaps". He told Times Radio: "You can buy those draught excluders that look a bit like colourful snakes. "Buy one of those! The Energy Saving Trust says that if you have a draughty home and you put those along the floor of your house, obstructing doorways. "It could save you £45 a year." He added a long term investment would also be in to invest in solar panels. READ MORE: Repealing bad EU regulation will put UK on new growth track Mr Byers said: "If I had a spare £12,000 now which I don't, you should look at solar panels. "The payback time now for solar panels is now four years given current energy prices. "It used to be 11 years and it's the best investment I'm sure that anyone could make right now given the predictions." The cap will come into effect on October 1, but Ofgem warned that some suppliers could start to increase direct debits before then to spread costs. It will remain in place until December 31, when it will be adjusted again, with latest forecasts warning bills could surge again to around £5,400 in January and around £7,000 in April. The regulator, energy sector and charities were immediately united in calling on the Government to increase its support for households who were facing "the bleakest of winters". Ofgem's chief executive Jonathan Brearley urged the incoming prime minister and new Cabinet "to provide an additional and urgent response to continued surging energy prices". The regulator said the increase reflected the continued rise in global wholesale gas prices, which began to surge as the world unlocked from the Covid pandemic, and had been driven still higher to record levels by Russia slowly switching off gas supplies to Europe. DON'T MISS Royal Navy charity has £3million to help families struggling [INSIGHT]Belgium energy minister issues stark warning on EU gas crisis [ANALYSIS]Dad goes viral with savvy method to save money on energy [VIDEO] Mr Brearley said: "The Government support package is delivering help right now, but it's clear the new prime minister will need to act further to tackle the impact of the price rises that are coming in October and next year. "We are working with ministers, consumer groups and industry on a set of options for the incoming prime minister that will require urgent action. The response will need to match the scale of the crisis we have before us." Fuel poverty charity National Energy Action (NEA) estimated that the rise would increase the number of UK households in fuel poverty from 4.5 million last October to 8.9 million this October, even taking into account the Government's support package announced in May. Energy UK, which represents suppliers, said the charges its members will be forced to pass on to households will be "simply unaffordable".