On the news of his death, The New York Times referred to the star as “devastatingly handsome” before going on to list his roles in the 72 films he appeared in during his lifetime. Reports at the time also addressed the star’s death, which occurred due to a “massive stroke”. The NHS describes a stroke as a “serious life-threatening medical condition” that occurs when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off. Back in 1986 the Quad-City Times reported that the actor's stroke occurred shortly before he was meant to make an appearance at a fundraising event in Iowa, USA. Taken immediately to St Luke’s Hospital, the star's condition was described as “comatose” and around nine o’clock that evening the star was pronounced dead. Dr James Gilson, a cardiologist who worked at the hospital, reportedly commented: “Had Grant been brought to the hospital earlier, nothing could have been done. “The only thing unusual about this case was that the man's name was Cary Grant.”  DON'T MISS: Taking two vitamin supplements together found to increase cancer risk by almost 30% - BMJ  He said: “His heart was not a problem, now or in the past. A stroke is unpredictable and not uncommon in his age group.” The NHS explain that there are two main causes of stroke: Despite the differences, symptoms are always pretty much the same, and can be remembered with the word FAST. These stand for: There is also a condition known as a transient ischaemic attack (TIA), where the blood supply to the brain is temporarily interrupted. Otherwise known as a mini-stroke, this condition can last up to 24 hours.  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) explains that a stroke can strike at any age, but there are certain things that increase an individual's risk, some which are controllable and others that are not. While family history or age are not controlled, individuals can lower their risk of having a stroke by monitoring the following: Despite Grant’s stroke being called “unpredictable” back in the 1950s, the star became known for experimenting heavily with drugs, specifically LSD. A decade before the hallucinogenic became more popular, the actor was a patient of Dr Mortimer Hartman, who reportedly supported Grant through 100 sessions of LSD over several years. Claiming that the drug helped to give him a “rebirth” after a traumatic childhood and various failed relationships, it is possible that the years he spent using the drug put him at risk of stroke.  Although this cannot be proven, there is research to show that drug abuse carries a high risk of blood clotting, which is one of the main causes of stroke. Due to these risk factors, the CDC states that adopting healthy behaviours can lower your risk of stroke. Once in hospital, stroke patients are usually given “clot-busting medication” known as thrombolysis. This aims to restore blood flow to the brain. In some cases, surgical procedures may be required to remove blood clots. Surgery may also be required to treat brain swelling and reduce the risk of further bleeding if this was the cause of the stroke. Regular brain scans will also be done in order to monitor how effectively treatment is going. In some cases, if treatment is successful, individuals are left with long-term problems due to the damage in their brain. This could mean that they require support to look after themselves or partake in everyday activities. 