Gardeners' World continues to be a BBC Two hit with Monty Don providing the perfect sense of escapism each week. The horticulturist is back this week undertaking more seasonal jobs at Longmeadow. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the show will air tonight. Viewers have been enjoying the latest season of the hit gardening show, watching Monty and his co-stars make the most of the summer sun. In the upcoming episode, Arit Anderson meets a garden designer in Somerset who has created a garden on a former brownfield site. Elsewhere, Rachel de Thame explores a London garden belonging to a high-profile hairstylist. Viewers can also look forward to a discussion about a grower's obsession with tomatoes this week. However, the show will not be airing at its usual time of 8pm on Friday. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Instead, the hour-long episode will air from 8.30pm until 9.30pm, a little later than its usual slot. This is most likely to make way for the European Championships 2022, which are taking place in Munich. Clare Balding is hosting the proceedings from 6pm until 8pm on BBC Two, meaning Gardeners' World has had to move slots. After the European Championships, there will be a half-hour episode of the lifestyle show Beechgrove. Next week will also see Gardeners' World moved out of its usual time slot. On Friday, August 19, the European Championships 2022 will take over a three-and-a-half-hour slot. The programme will air from 6pm until 9.30pm, with Gardeners' World airing after. Monty Don has been keeping fans up to date with the latest tasks at Longmeadow on his social media accounts. He also shared a very personal update with his followers, a photo of himself cuddling his granddaughter. Baby Daisy was seen in an adorable floral hat while Monty cradled her in his arms. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [DISCUSSION] Call the Midwife original cast: Where are the cast now? [INSIGHT] Amy Mitchell EastEnders: Why has Amy been recast? [EXPLAINER] Sharing the same beautiful photo on Twitter, he said: "My granddaughter Daisy - slightly bemused by sun hat and being cuddled by strange man but strange man could not be happier." He also shared a video from last year of torrential rain in the garden, declaring how some rain is "desperately needed". While he is not working in the garden, Monty has been working on his latest book, My Garden World. He said on his website: "All our gardens, streets and patches of sky are part of our own perception of the world. "If, in our own modest back yards, we can help preserve and treasure our natural world, then we will make this planet a better place- not just for ourselves but for every living creature." The book is out on September 17 and is available to buy from all main bookstores, as well as Amazon. The horticulturist has been the lead presenter of Gardener’s World since 2003 and since 2011 he has filmed from Longmeadow in Herefordshire. He took over the role from Alan Titchmarsh and has continued to be a fan-favourite ever since.  Gardeners' World airs on BBC Two tonight at 8.30pm.