There are certain health conditions that can put you at greater risk of experiencing this build-up, which is also known as atherosclerosis. These include having high cholesterol, high blood pressure and diabetes. But, like these conditions, atherosclerosis is also linked to a number of lifestyle factors such as eating unhealthy foods, not doing enough exercise and drinking too much alcohol. Therefore, making conscious choices about what you eat can reduce your risk of heart disease. According to health researcher for vegan charity Viva Health, Veronika Prošek Charvátová, there is one certain fruit that could be more heart healthy than others. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she recommended incorporating acai berries into your diet. She said: “Acai is recognised as a food with one of the highest antioxidant content, more than twice that of blueberries and nearly 10 times more than grapes.  READ MORE: Shirley MacLaine, 88, unveils the secret to her longevity - 'if you can muster it' “Antioxidant-rich foods are beneficial for your heart health and circulation because they protect blood vessels from damage – but they also prevent cholesterol in your blood from oxidation. “It is only when cholesterol is oxidised that it becomes sticky, enabling it to build up in your arteries, creating damaging plaques.” Acai is a reddish-purple berry, native to Central and South America, that can be consumed as the fruit or a juice. But Veronika warned: “There are, however, no magical cures – it is a healthy diet with plenty of fresh foods that matters most and a bit of acai can’t cancel out a poor diet.”  Her colleague, Doctor Justine Butler, advised on foods that could increase your risk of heart disease. She added: “Bad fats - mainly from red meat, white meat and dairy products such as hard cheese and butter - are strongly linked to an increased risk of heart disease. “Most saturated fat in the average UK diet comes from: fatty cuts of meat, poultry skin, sausages and pies, whole milk and full fat dairy products, coconut oil and palm oil, pastry, cakes and biscuits, sweets and chocolate. “The Government recommends eating less of these foods and more foods containing unsaturated fats such as avocados, nuts, seeds, plant-based oils and spreads.”  READ MORE: Orange urine could be a sign 'your liver is malfunctioning' - other signs to look out for She added: “Sugary drinks, cakes, chocolate and biscuits all help pile on the pounds and being overweight or obese increases the risk of heart disease too. “Switch to water and healthier snacks such as fruit, dried fruit, small handfuls of nuts (rich in healthier fats) and dark chocolate – a small piece goes a long way.” The main symptoms of coronary heart disease are:  If you experience these symptoms you should seek medical advice. To reduce your risk of the disease the NHS recommends: The health service says: “Keeping your heart healthy will also have other health benefits, such as helping reduce your risk of stroke and dementia.” 