 Michael Caine, 89, has candidly spoken out about his life when he was young and the reason why his first marriage failed. The legendary actor married fellow actress Patricia Haines aged 22 after meeting her at the Lowestoft Repertory Company in Suffolk.     However, the relationship soon came to an end when Michael realised he was “too young” to assume the responsibility of having a child. He admitted he was unable to face the “poverty” and ensuing “failure” in his personal and professional life. The Italian Job star said: ''Pat became pregnant and we had our wonderful daughter Dominique, who is now 56. “But it was the wonderful straw that broke an already very weak camel's back. I walked out of the marriage.”  Michael added to contactmusic.com: “The marriage breakdown was entirely my fault.I was too young and immature to take on the poverty and personal and professional failure.'' The actor later married wife Shakira in 1973, and the couple are still together 49 years later. Michael told The Mirror he was proud of being faithful during his entire marriage to her. He said: “I was always doing love scenes with very beautiful women.     “You can go on the set and there’ll be one of the most beautiful women in the world and the director will say, ‘Take your clothes off and get into bed.’ “That could be a great temptation so I decided that I would never marry a woman who wasn’t as beautiful as the women I was working with. “And I married a woman who, in actual fact, is more beautiful than most women I have worked with, so all the temptation was at home, not at work.” Michael and Shakira share a daughter named Natasha, 48. DON'T MISS...Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [INSIGHT]Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICTURES]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [UPDATE]  The actor also has a 66-year-old daughter named Dominique with ex-wife Patricia. Michael previously opened up on how Patricia helped save his life and drink less alcohol. “Without her I would have been dead long ago,” he told the Radio Times. “I would have probably drunk myself to death.     “I was a bit of a p**s artist when I was younger, I used to drink a bottle of vodka a day and I was smoking too, several packs a day. “I wasn’t unhappy but it was stress. “You know, ‘Am I going to get another picture? How am I going to do this part?’ “How am I going to remember all those lines? I’ve got to get up at 6 in the morning and I hope the alarm works.’”   