Gyles Brandreth, 74, has revealed he fell over on the pavement and broke his arm last night. The Gogglebox star thanked NHS staff in Fife, Scotland, for their “care, skill and kindness” while treating him. He took to Twitter, in view of his 178.3k followers, to share some photos of the smiley staff and of himself in the ambulance, wearing a sling. “Don’t break your humerus:it’s not funny! It’s a pain: literally,” he wrote. “But if you’re going to take a tumble on the pavement as I did last night, do it in Fife where there are ace people like Lynne & Emma & Malcolm ready to come to the rescue with care, skill & kindness,” he continued. “Just the best!” GB News presenter Alastair Stewart replied: “"Ah, Mr @GylesB1 - The leg bone and  the knee bone are fine, as is the thigh bone. Alas, we need to talk about that elbow....". “Get well soon, my friend....” Comedian Zoe Lyons added: “Oh no!! So very painful ….speedy recovery my friend Zx”. Broadcaster Simon McCoy wrote: “So glad you’re ok. Get better soon Sir!”. It’s not the first time Gyles has injured himself in a fall - last September, he “took a tumble” while filming a new episode for Channel 4's Great Canal Journeys with Sheila Hancock. He sparked concern as he posted a photo of his grazed cheek on Twitter. "Yup, I took a tumble on the towpath while we were filming an episode of #GreatCanalJourneys," he began. "But my friend Sheila made me a cup of tea & that cheered me up." He went on to update viewers on how filming was going, adding: "We’re having fun on the water: join us at Channel 4 - go to the hub & see what you can find. "We’ve made 8 episodes so far." Gyles, a former MP for the City of Chester, recently revealed he had turned down the chance to star on Strictly Come Dancing. He tweeted: “Yes, I have been approached about doing #Strictly (and I’m flattered because I love the show), but sadly it’s not for me for this compelling reason: I ain’t got rhythm … I REALLY ain’t got rhythm.” However, Gyles is rarely away from our screens, and earlier this month he appeared on This Morning alongside hosts Vernon Kay and Rochelle Humes. During one segment about driving, he and Vernon jokingly walked off the set. As Rochelle shared research on women being found to be safer drivers than men, Gyles asked Vernon: “Shall we go?” Getting up, Vernon said to Rochelle: “Call Marvin, meet us in the pub. Over to you,” referring to her husband, JLS star Marvin Humes.