Choosing the perfect name for a baby can be tricky business, and Prince William and Kate Middleton had their work cut out for them with three little ones. Language and didactic experts at Babbel spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about why the royal babies were called George, Charlotte and Louis. As the future King of England, it was crucial that Prince George, the firstborn child of William and Kate, was given a name that reflected his royal future. The experts told Express.co.uk: "George is a long-standing royal favourite." But the little Prince honours one prominent royal, in particular, Prince Charles. This is because George is one of Charles' middle names, as well as Philip and Arthur. READ MORE: William 'fails badly' to hide 'intense' pride in Princess Charlotte It is also a "direct tribute to Queen Elizabeth II's father, King George VI". More broadly, the name George is from the Greek name "Georgos", meaning "farmer" or "earth worker". As for Kate and William's royal daughter, Princess Charlotte, her name honours Prince Charles too. The experts explained: "The name Charlotte is considered the feminine version of Charles. "Princess Charlotte is said to be named in honour of William's father the Prince of Wales." However, like George, the name is a "favourite in royal history", with predecessors including Queen Charlotte and Princess Charlotte. But Charlotte's name does not just honour her royal side of the family. "The name also refers back to her mother’s side of the family, with Charlotte being the middle name of her aunt, Pippa Middleton," the experts explained. READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth II uses 'stylish' accessory to end conversations In terms of direct meaning, the name Charlotte is French in origin and means "free man" or "petite". And of course, youngest child Prince Louis' name is not without royal connection. The now four-year-old also has a connection to Charles, but it is slightly more subtle. His grandfather's mentor was Lord Louis Mountbatten. Lord Louis Mountbatten was Prince Philip’s maternal uncle, as the brother of Philip’s mother Princess Alice of Greece and Denmark. He was known to be very close to a young Prince Charles and was lovingly referred to as Uncle Dickie. An even closer connection, Louis is one of dad William's middle names, so could be a tribute to him. In terms of meaning, the name Louis is of French and German origin, and means "famous in battle" and "famous warrior", which perhaps predicts what kind of royal the Prince will be.