Motorists across the UK will be looking forward to making the most out of the last two weeks of the summer holidays. This might involve exciting road trips or weekend getaways with their kids. However, the joy of spending some quality family time might be ruined by huge fines motorists can receive for making easy mistakes. Motoring experts have therefore urged drivers to carry out some essential checks that could prevent them from forking out as much as £7,600 in fines. Experts at Vanarama have created a list of all the vital checks and potential fines that come with them if drivers fail to ensure that their vehicle is safe to drive. Drivers must ensure that the tyre tread depth is not below 1.6mm across the central three-quarters of the tyre width. READ MORE: Major number plate changes to come into effect next month The tyre pressure must also be suitable for driving. If motorists fail to adhere to those rules, they risk receiving three points on their licence and a fine of £2,500 per illegal tyre. Working windscreen wipers without blunt blades are not only a necessity in the UK, but they are also required by law. DON'T MISS Furious cyclists slam ‘ignorant’ drivers blocking cycle lanes [INSIGHT] Petrol station offers fuel for 159.7p per litre [REVEAL] Drivers urged to follow simple tip to save money on fuel [ADVICE] Section 40a of The Road Traffic Act: Using a Vehicle in a Dangerous Condition Part II, states: “A person is guilty of an offence if he uses, or causes or permits another to use, a motor vehicle or trailer on a road when the condition of the motor vehicle or trailer, or of its accessories or equipment is such that the use of the motor vehicle or trailer involves a danger of injury to any person.” This applies to windscreen wipers and requires drivers to carry out all the necessary safety checks to make sure that the windscreen is cleaned properly. Motorists who fail to adhere to the rule could be slapped with three penalty points and a fine of up to £2,500. READ MORE: Drivers urged to check vital car part in hot weather to avoid costs Motorists need to ensure that all their lights are working properly. This includes full and dipped-beam headlights, rear, and sidelights, plus the brake and hazard lights. Traffic police officers can stop road users with broken lights and issue them with a fixed penalty notice of £100. However, if this offence is challenged in court, the fine could rise to £1,000.  Having a clear view of the road is necessary to ensure the safety of all road users. Under regulation 30 of The Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986, drivers are required to keep all glass clear of obstruction. If motorists fail to do so they could be charged with careless driving in the event of an accident. This in turn carries a £1,000 fine and three penalty points. Motorists need to make sure that their number plate is visible at all times. The DVLA says that drivers are legally required to display their number plate as it is used by automatic vehicle recognition systems. If caught with a dirty number plate, drivers could face a £100 fine.