Oleksandr Usyk has blasted Vladimir Putin as a “very weak” character as he defiantly stood up against the Russian president. The boxer passionately spoke out in support of his native Ukraine and called out Putin while celebrating his victory over Anthony Joshua in their rematch to defend the unified WBO, WBA and IBF heavyweight titles. The 35-year-old, who after challenged heavyweight hero Tyson Fury to fight him for his treble of titles, won by split decision against Joshua after chipping away at the Briton, following on from his victory at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium 11 months ago. Usyk had been keen to use the publicity from the bout to raise awareness about the ongoing situation in Ukraine as the conflict surges past the six-month mark, and he was seen holding aloft his country’s flag in the ring after the split decision was announced. And when he was given the chance to speak, Usyk did not hold back, taking aim at Putin by calling him the Russian president "very weak", insisting that Putin’s apparent display of strength is all for show. READ MORE: Usyk sent emotional message from Ukraine president after AJ win “Everything he shows is just to show that he’s strong, but he’s not,” he said, wearing blue and yellow shorts to mark the colours of the Ukraine flag. “Otherwise he wouldn’t show how strong, how big he is. In reality, he is very weak. “I boxed for the whole country and half of the world. Now the whole world knows Ukraine is defending itself from the second biggest army in the world. And we stand strong and we give Russia a lot back.” While Usyk maintained his composure in the wake of another victory against the British fighter and earned the plaudits of Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelenskiy, Joshua lost his cool by throwing Usyk's world title belts to the ground and then stormed out of the ring following his split-decision defeat in Jeddah. DON'T MISSWhat furious Joshua told Usyk's pal immediately after heavyweight lossFury makes yet another retirement U-turn to challenge UsykJoshua gives thoughts on retirement from boxing after Usyk defeat It was a strange incident for Joshua, who is usually a smooth operator and a calm figure inside the ring. But a bizarre speech only highlighted how the 32-year-old had struggled to keep a lid on his emotions on a warm night in Saudi Arabia. “If you knew my story you would understand the passion,” he said. “I ain’t no amateur boxer from five years old that was an elite prospect from youth. I was going to jail, I got bail and I started training my arse off, I wanted to be able to fight.” “I’m not a 12-round fighter, look at me, I’m a new breed of heavyweights,” Joshua continued. “Mike Tyson, Sonny Liston, Jack Dempsey, ‘you don’t throw combinations like Rocky Marciano’, I’m 18 stone, I’m heavy, it’s hard work.” However, he did play some part in helping Usyk get the message out by raising the Ukraine flag with him and praising his opponent, adding: “This guy here is a phenomenal talent. We’re going to cheer for him three times.”