  Line of Duty actor Adrian Dunbar, 64, didn’t hold back as he slammed Cressida Dick in a recent interview. The star made the comments after the former Metropolitan Police Commissioner gave his BBC drama a “terrible review”.       After Line of Duty ended last year, political satirists Led by Donkeys released a meme in which AC-12 could be seen interviewing Boris Johnson over the infamous #Partygate scandal. Apparently, the BBC press office panicked and Line of Duty’s Jed Mercurio, along with his actors, weren’t available for comment at the time. Asked if the satire cut was together from clips or whether the cast recorded a new script, Adrian replied: “Well, of course, I can neither confirm nor deny your theory. “However, we did record stuff. [Led by Donkeys] contacted Jed, and he told us, ‘These guys are really good. Would you record this and that?’      “So we did and I think they treated it a bit so it kind of sounds like us, but might not be. “It was very good. It didn’t quite get rid of Johnson then, but it got rid of Cressida Dick.” During the interview, it was also noted that Adrian was pleased by the resignation of the Metropolitan Police Commissioner. This was apparently because “she gave us a terrible review [in the Radio Times], saying the series was completely wrong about everything.     “She really didn’t like us! Luckily lots of other people did,” he confirmed in the Radio Times interview. Dame Cressida became the first female and openly homosexual Commissionerof the Metropolitan Police in 2017. There were a number of controversies during her tenure in the role, including the arrests of attendees at a candlelight vigil for Sarah Everard, who was murdered at the hands of a police officer. On February 10 2022, Cressida announced she would be leaving her role after losing the confidence of Sadiq Khan. READ MORE... Amanda Holden 51 oozes sex appeal as she steps out of ocean in bikini [PIC] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [NEWS] 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT]     The Mayor of London said he had lost confidence in the former commissioner over her response to racism and misogyny in the force, and she left office on April 10. Line of Duty ran on the BBC for a total of six seasons between 2012 and 2021, racking up plenty of awards and critical acclaim during its time on TV. Speaking about Ted Hastings, Adrian described how his character’s Catholicism helped mark him as an outsider that was not a member of the British establishment. “His moral core comes from Catholicism,” he reflected.      “I think, increasingly, people responded to the idea that there was someone who wouldn’t take the levels of corruption and incompetence. “Ted embodies something that is very Catholic – the idea of a vocation, being called to do something because it’s the right thing to do. “He represented something at a time when people could feel things were slipping apart.” Read the full interview with Adrian in this week’s copy of Radio Times.   