Reports suggest that ex-England striker Peter Crouch is among the frontrunners to become the latest addition to this year's Strictly Come Dancing line-up. The BBC show, which sees celebrities compete to win the coveted ballroom dancing title, has already confirmed the likes of Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps star Will Mellor, former Paralympian turned broadcaster Ellie Simmonds and Loose Women presenter Kaye Adams all confirmed as contestants. Bookies William Hill has backed Crouch to be among the stars revealed on the show, including chef Gordon Ramsay, and TV favourite Scarlett Moffatt. Its Head of Sponsorship PR, Tony Kenny, said: "Strictly is back, along with the rumours of who will be stepping onto the dance floor in September! Peter Crouch would certainly have big boots to fill after [wife] Abbey Clancy’s win back in 2013, but after being in talks with Strictly bosses last year, he could be up for the challenge. "With more contestants being announced throughout August, we’re waiting to see if other rumours around Gordon Ramsay and Scarlett Moffatt turn out to be true!" Crouch, who played for Liverpool, Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton, is a household name thanks to his broadcasting ventures since retiring from football in 2019. He has become a popular podcast host thanks to his That Peter Crouch podcast. In one incredible coup for the series he managed to secure an interview with one of the world's most recognisable faces: Prince William. While on the show, William talked about his mental health campaign Heads Up, as well as dishing the dirt on his love of football. He also spoke of his love of food, ordering Crouch and his team a curry from the footballer's local takeaway. It allowed William to reflect on his favourite food, telling the podcast: "Chicken masala, love that, a bit of flavour - I'm not a vindaloo man, put it that way." JUST IN: Row explodes over Camilla's Princess of Wales title The revelation saw many ask what exactly Prince Charles' favourite food was, with the future monarch reportedly enjoying pizza, a world away from the traditional fish and chips his wife Camilla prefers. Reports show that in 2019, Charles spoke with Scotland-based pizza chef Erminio Di Meo in St Boswells, and discussed his love of Italian cuisine. He told PA Media: "I wanted to give him the pizza as he is such a big part of this country. "He was curious, he smiled and I said, 'It's a Margherita'. I believe the Prince said, 'It's my favourite'." DON'T MISS:Beatrice and Eugenie have no place in slimmed-down monarchy –YOU VOTED [VOTE]Birkhall: Prince Charles and Camilla's private Scottish home [ANALYSIS]Camilla triumphs over Charles as royal couple go 'head-to-head' [LATEST] Camilla herself spoke fondly of her favourite British meal, which is normally best enjoyed at the seaside. She told YOU Magazine three years ago: "Freshly cooked fish and chips, wrapped in paper. "That smell. You cannot beat proper fish and chips." The Royal Family are clearly massive foodies, and in an incredible revelation one insider spoke of how Prince Harry once challenged her grandmother, the Queen, to eat a doner kebab on his 32nd birthday. According to MyLondon, a royal insider said: "Harry had enjoyed a few glasses of wine and, when the Queen asked him if there was anything particular he would like for his birthday, he blurted out, 'You have to eat a doner kebab'. "She had no idea exactly what one of those was, and agreed immediately to the challenge, much to Philip’s surprise. "As a Greek, he was perfectly aware of what was in store for her. The conversation moved on and it looked like everyone had forgotten about it. "But, (at a later date) the Krazy Kebabs takeaway in Swaffham, 17 miles away, got a delivery order by telephone… to Sandringham House." Ahmet Sudoku, a delivery driver for Krazy Kebabs in Swaffham, told the Suffolk Gazette: "I assumed the food was for a servant. "But, when I got to the entrance, a butler took it, and said it was for the Queen. I hope she enjoyed it – we are known for the best kebabs in Norfolk." That Peter Crouch podcast is available to stream on BBC Sounds.