Hen parties can include a variety of activities, some of which can be embarrassing for the bride-to-be or even for all of the participants. But this woman was left fuming at another organising member of the group. She claims all of her ideas are “hideous” and she is also “bossy”, trying to force everyone to follow her plans and chip in for embarrassing purchases. Desperate and not knowing how to handle the situation, friend of the bride-to-be took to the internet in search of advice. In a post on Mumsnet.com titled: ‘Really don't want to go on this hen do’, the user AngelicaSchuyler1 writes: “My best friend is getting married in November. [...] My friend was originally in the group on FB messenger but has since left so we can organise surprises etc for her." She added that she is "dreading" what she expects to be a "tacky" occasion. She then goes on to describe all of the other hen’s ideas, which include events that some brides might enjoy, while others could just find "too much". The hen, according to the post, has bought all sorts of accessories related to such events, including “penis whistles, feather boas, t-shirts with 'funny' names on them." She insists they will wear the shirts and accessories during dinner at a classy restaurant, the post claims. The bride will wear a full-body ‘penis costume’ at the restaurant, which the hen claims would be "such a laugh". The post's author also claims the hen insists the group pays for a male stripper. READ MORE: Energy boss unveils masterplan to save YOU £1,000 off your bills When trying to guess whether the bride will be pleased with these events, the woman writes: “I know my best friend and yeah she might find the above funny when we're all in the house together but I also think she will be embarrassed arriving to the restaurant dressed as a c**k and got the impression from her she wanted a more classy weekend enjoying the facilities on site and having a nice meal together.” The desperate woman claims she now “dreads” to attend her best friend’s hen do, and pleads for other Mumsnet.com users to help her find a solution. Users of the platform have overwhelmingly voted that the woman is “not being unreasonable”, with 96 percent of those who voted believing so. Only a four percent of those who voted thought that the woman is unreasonable for not wanting to go to the hen do, while opinions in the comments section vary. DON'T MISS: Solar panel warning issued as consumers strive for efficiencyJet2 flight on emergency landing as 'pilot faints' at 30,000ftTikTok HORROR as teenager breaks her NECK in viral challenge Most users sympathised with her situation. Someone with the username NovaDeltas advised: “Just drop out. ‘Sorry, I can't make it, unfortunately I don't wear 'w***e' t-shirts and carry penises around, it's just not my thing.’ While 20viona had a different opinion: “This actually sounds like great fun and exactly what we did for our friend and it was a hoot. All depends on your personalities if it's something you'd enjoy or not.” On the other hand, Hintofreality argued: “Any decent restaurant would turn you all away if you rocked up in those t-shirts, I'd point that out to her.” Finally, AnnaFri wondered: “If she is your best friend why aren't you MOH or arranging the details?”