First of all, I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who’s been reading my columns so far and the incredible reaction to last week’s column. I didn’t realise the scale lymphoedema has been affecting people, not just in the UK but around the world. The amount of messages, comments and emails I’ve received have been incredible. It reminded me of the importance of talking about the things we shy away from, whether it be because we’re scared or embarrassed. If you follow me or my sisters on social media, you'll see that this summer has been a season of weddings for us. In June, it was our nephew Tommy's wedding to Millie; last month, it was Coleen’s son Shane Jr’s wedding to Madeline and now we’ve just spent the past week in Italy, for my sister Maureen’s son Danny’s wedding. The beautiful ceremony was held in Sorrento, overlooking the equally beautiful Bay of Naples. Danny and his wife Maddison have been together for years and have three beautiful girls together. In the time they’ve been together, I’ve never seen Danny happier and it was such a blessing to be there. Seeing the smiles on their girls' faces, as they saw their parents exchange vows and devote themselves to each other, made me realise how living is for now and like them, cherish every moment. When you’re first diagnosed with cancer, as much as you think you’re going to beat it, you do also wonder how long you have left. In my case, where my cancer is incurable, you’re stuck in a no-man's-land. You know you won’t “beat it” and you have no idea how long you have left. I’m extremely lucky to still be here five years on from my initial re-diagnosis, but there’s nothing like seeing moments like this to bring you crashing down to earth and think how many more are you going to be around for. I do lie in bed and I wonder how long I'll be here, if I'll see my great-nieces and nephews grow into adults, if I’ll see them have their first boyfriend or girlfriend, or if this Christmas is going to be my last. Whatever time I've got left, I want to make memories and have a great time.