Darryl Hunt, who is best remembered for being in The Pogues has sadly died. The band’s official Instagram account shared the news, posting a black and white photo of the musician holding a guitar case. In view of their 18,500 followers, his bandmates shared they were "saddened beyond words". The Pogues confirmed the guitarist died yesterday in London. In a candid Instagram post, they told their followers: "We are saddened beyond words. Our Darryl passed away yesterday afternoon in London. Darryl Gatwick Hunt 04/05/1950 – 08/08/2022." They added lyrics from their song Love You ‘Till The End, which was written by the musician, concluding: "I know you want to hear me catch my breath. I love you till the end." READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John's niece in tears over Grease star's final days  Tributes poured in for Darryl following the news but the cause of his death has not yet been reported. Bandmate Spider Stacy paid tribute to the bassist on Twitter, writing: “This is wretched. See you around the way, Daz. ‘It’s in the fridge’ #TrickyTrees”. Farriage wrote: "Very sad to hear this." Steven Boon penned: "Terrible news. Condolences to the band, his friends and family."  Brown shared: "Heartbreaking. My love to you and yours." Peter Kinnaird shared: "So sorry to hear this." Eddie Hernandez Moss added: "I’m so so saddened to hear this terrible news. Darryl was a phenomenal musician & an all around lovely chap. RIP." The musician and songwriter was born in Christchurch, England, on 4 May 1950. DON'T MISS... Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie[LATEST]Olivia Newton-John's niece in tears over Grease star's final days[VIDEO]Alex Scott introduces fans to 'new man in my life'[INSTAGRAM] Before he began playing bass in The Pogues in 1986, he was a part of the pub rock band Plummet Airlines and The Favourites. The Pogues were founded in 1982 in London by singer Shane MacGowan and others, becoming internationally renowned in the 1980s and early 1990s. The band consisted of frontman Shane MacGowan, Jem Finer, James Fearnley, Andrew Ranken, Terry Woods, Hunt and other musicians throughout the years. The band continued to perform following Shane's departure in 1991, with Joe Strummer and later Spider Stacy, before disbanding in 1996. They reformed to tour together in late 2001 until 2014, but did not record any new material during this time. One of the band's most iconic hits was their duet with Kirsty MacColl on Fairytale of New York, which was released in 1987 and went to number one in Ireland and number two in the UK over Christmas.  