This is serious, because some people have pushed the war crimes, genocide and pure aggression of the Russian government down the news agenda. Piers revealed the real horror of war: aggression and the wish to annihilate other people's lives and culture.  The Russian government has no interest in anyone else and when they finish subjugating Ukraine, they will look elsewhere. They have already threatened us with nuclear weapons: this is a conflict and a war that we cannot ignore. I don't want to see my children or grandchildren have to fight and I hope it won't come to that, but we do have the technology and the weaponry. And with the backing of the US and Europe behind Ukraine, Russia could be made to see the error of its ways with the least amount of conflict. But the killing of civilians and the torturing, desolation and destruction the Kremlin has brought on Ukraine cannot be ignored any longer. Well barrister Allison Bailey for taking on Stonewall. After being branded a "transphobe" because she believes biological sex is immutable, she sued her own chambers, claiming she was discriminated against due to her gendercritical views and that it had fallen under the charity's thrall. She won part of her case but her claims against Stonewell itself were rejected. Stonewall is an organisation I had a lot of respect for in the past. Now it seems to think it can bully anybody into its way of thinking.  The continued harassment of people because they don't agree with its views has to stop. Trans activists or anybody who thinks they can impose their ideas of sexuality on others have to stop. The term "chest feeding" is ridiculous, and I don't want to see a guy with a big bushy beard wearing a dress in a ladies' loo. Stonewall has done itself no favours and anyone who gives it cash is compounding the problem. Why do so many organisations set up to protect minorities seem to be doing exactly the opposite? Can't we all just get on with our lives? Given hot weather over the last couple of weeks, why do we still build houses that can't handle temperature extremes? We also build railway lines that can't cope, houses in places we shouldn't, such as flood plains, and we use the wrong kind of surfaces on our airports. Why have we not seen this coming? Now we face a drought, despite being one of the wettest nations. Could we please just finally wake up?  There is an organisation called Tyre Extinguishers - another bunch of green lunatics who go around letting the tyres down on cars because of the pollution that they're causing. They even do this to electric vehicles because they hate all cars so much. Is it too much to ask that these people be made an example of? Surely we could publish a few of their faces. I am fed up with the green agenda. By all means, look after the planet, but the ridiculous, unscientific nonsense that these people peddle has got to stop. Climate change is a natural phenomenon. Of course mankind affects the climate but so does everything else. Who is going to run this country? The Labour Party is in such disarray: the ridiculous rail strikes are organised by a bunch of dinosaurs who should have disappeared during the time of Maggie Thatcher. It proves that socialism just gets in the way. Nice, though, to see Jeremy Corbyn heading the industrial action. And Boris Johnson should never have been pushed by the Tories. The people who forced him out have no idea what the public think. It could lose them the next election. It's not likely, but it's possible. Meanwhile, the Lib Dems - who I thought would have disappeared by now - are still going on about electoral reform. But all proportional representation does is cause confusion and provides no real direction. At least first past the post gives a majority. All our politicians are completely useless. Maybe it's time for a good clear out!  I recently had one of the best nights I've had in ages. Last week I took the night off and Lady W and I went to Canary Wharf with some friends to see Leee John and his soul band Imagination kick off their 40th anniversary tour. Leee is, of course, now back in the limelight after Mr Bean star Rowan Atkinson mimed to 1982 smash hit Just An Illusion in the shower for his new series Man Vs Bee. If you haven't seen it you must. The Civil Service is to be taught that Britain is a racist country. Enough! I am declaring Britain a woke-free zone: in other news, the police are being sent in cases where someone has been upset by something on social media. Surely it's time this stopped. Freedom of speech must be brought back. The police have got to be reorganised into a force and not a social service. And the Civil Service needs to be organised properly: they are public servants after all, and to teach them that this is a racist country is disgusting. Britain is probably the least racist country in the world. Isn't that why everybody is flocking here? Of course, that has to stop as well. France is a beautiful country. I love it, and not all of its people are like Parisians. But the Remainers here need to realise the hold-ups recently in Dover and Folkestone had nothing to do with us leaving the European dictatorship but with French politicians who are, of course, totally inadequate. It came about simply because they decided not to send enough people to check passports. It's like the Northern Ireland issue: they want to intimidate us because we had the audacity to realise the so-called EU was just a bunch of people determined to dictate to as many countries as they can. We spend enormous amounts of money on holidays in France; we buy enormous quantities of their products and if they really want to damage that and their economy, carry on. We will, as we always do, come out on top.