The DVLA has recently warned motorists over the age of 70 that they must renew their driving licences every three years. If they fail to do so, they risk receiving fines of up to £1,000, six penalty points and even a driving ban. The agency added that drivers should renew their licences online to avoid any unwelcome delays. Renewing licences was made easier last month as the DVLA announced major changes designed to speed up the process. On July 20, the DVLA revealed changes that enable healthcare professionals other than doctors to complete DVLA medical questionnaires. This would take place following any notification of a medical condition that may affect an individual’s driving. READ MORE: Elderly driver fined £50 after making a typo – ‘I won’t be paying it!’ Specialist nurses and opticians are among the healthcare professionals now able to complete DVLA medical questionnaires. This is part of an approach by the DVLA to improve and speed up the medical licencing process. It is hoped that it will also reduce the burden on doctors when filling out medical questionnaires. An amendment to the Road Traffic Act 1988 means a wider pool of registered healthcare professionals, other than doctors, can now be authorised to provide information where a driver has declared a medical condition. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to use a little-known speed bump technique to save fuel [ADVICE] Drivers urged to use ‘key tricks’ to save fuel during bank holiday [INSIGHT] Drivers urged not to use popular air con fuel-saving trick [REVEAL] Roads Minister Baroness Vere praised the changes, saying it would benefit both drivers and healthcare workers. She said: “Obtaining or renewing a driving licence should always be a quick, simple and efficient process.” However, the DVLA also urged elderly motorists to be careful when renewing their diving licences and always stick to official Government websites. Middleman companies often try to rip people off by offering quick and efficient service. READ MORE: Electric car owners 'left confused' after major charging law update The driving body, however, advised motorists over 70 to only renew their licence directly from the Government and to be wary of other websites offering the service - especially since many appear high up on Google search results. Even though these sites charge money to transfer renewal applications to the DVLA, they are not officially associated with the Government agency in any way. Additionally, these applications are not guaranteed to be processed any quicker than those made through Gov.uk. The DVLA hasn't named the third-party websites that are charging elderly drivers. Julie Lennard, DVLA chief executive, previously said: “Drivers looking to renew their licence at 70 and over should use our online service which is secure, free of charge, and also the quickest and easiest way to transact with DVLA. “Customers usually receive their driving licence in just five days. Always remember to always use Gov.uk when using any of DVLA’s many online services.” Reminding drivers on Twitter, the DVLA wrote last month: “Renewing your licence at 70 is easy to do online, plus it’s quick and secure.”