As of this morning, postal ballot papers have started arriving on the doorsteps of party members. While voting remains open until September 2, it is widely expected many Conservatives will send off the piece of paper containing their pick within just days of receiving them. Much has been made of the fact Tory members can recast their vote multiple times between now and September 2. Repeated claims have been made that despite Lis Truss's clear lead over her rival in polls of Conservatives, the voting intention could narrow in the weeks ahead and that the contest is all to play for. In reality nothing less than Boris-sized scandal involving Ms Truss in the middle of August could possibly lead to party members jumping onto the internet to change their pick of who should replace Boris Johnson. And Liz just isn't Boris! READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG Anything less is unlikely to lead to a change in voting intention, and there's a very simple reason why. As one Tory source explained to me right at the outset of this contest: "The vast majority of our membership are older people. "Many don't have smartphones and many never go onto the internet. "They have to vote by a postal ballot because they wouldn't otherwise be able to vote without asking someone to effectively go onto the computer and do it for them." The demographic of the Tory party leaves Mr Sunak with a massive mountain to climb in the coming days. If he fails to close the gap on Ms Truss in the next 72 hours, it may be too late. DON'T MISS:Could it be that the wrong party is having a leadership election? [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak refuses to say Pincher MP should quit Commons [WATCH]Rishi Sunak under fire from top Tory for tax cut 'flip flopping' [REACTION] Many Tory members will have already voted, and they will have no intention of voting again. Mr Sunak appeared to throw the kitchen sink at the leadership race this morning when he announced his tax cut plans. He vowed to slash the basic rate from 20 percent to 16 percent within seven years if he becomes Prime Minister. The former Chancellor hailed it as the "biggest income tax cut since Margaret Thatcher's government". He now must be crossing his fingers as he waits to see how that impacts the opinion polls later this week.