 Meghan Markle sat down with Serena Williams for a conversation about the negative connotations surrounding ambition for the first episode of her podcast last week. The pair, who have been close friends for six years, spoke about the challenges they face as mothers and career women. During the episode entitled, ‘The Misconceptions of Ambition with Serena Williams’, the tennis star talked about the difference in the treatment of men and women in her sport and her own experiences of sexism on the court.  However, one royal expert admitted he was surprised that Serena “reduced herself to gushing” with Meghan. Discussing Archetypes on last week’s episode of the Pod Save The Queen podcast, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, Russell Myers said: “I felt it was really schmaltzy and just a bit lovey-dovey. “I was surprised that Serena Williams reduced herself to that. “It just didn’t really make any sense. It was very, very gushy.” READ MORE: 'A lot riding’ on Harry’s memoir as Meghan faces backlash over explosive interview  Mr Myers also slammed the Duchess for not “allowing” her guest to speak. He said: “The interviewer’s skills — surely on a format like this — should allow your guest to completely express themselves, to tell you what their story is.” The royal expert had hoped Archetypes would reveal “fascinating insight” into “who Serena is”, particularly given the fact that the tennis player had recently announced her plans to step back from professional tennis. He added: “If you’re not going to allow the person to speak, and you’re just going to speak about yourself, what are you going to achieve?  “It just smacks of missed opportunities, unfortunately.” Archetypes is set to come out weekly, with twelve episodes expected to be released on Spotify. This week, Meghan released her second episode with Mariah Carey. The two women discussed what it means to be labelled a ‘Diva’ and the complexities which surround the term.  Meghan said she was treated like a “black woman” for the first time when she began dating Prince Harry — and that “things really shifted” for her after she entered royal life. The episode comes amid fallout surrounding the Duchess’ interview with The Cut — a New York-based magazine. Meghan and Mariah's discussion about being mixed race follows the Duchess’ claims she didn't want her children photographed because of racism. Speaking to The Cut, she said: “Why would I give the very people that are calling my children the N-word a photo of my child before I can share it with the people that love my child? DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT]  “You tell me how that makes sense and then I'll play that game.” In the cover story to promote the podcast, Meghan appeared to make a series of swipes at the royals, warning she could “say anything” now that she has left the Firm. It was even suggested that the Duchess said Harry had felt like he had “lost” his father over the Sussexes’ decision to step down from the Firm. However, allies of the couple said Meghan had actually been referring to the relationship with her own father, which has been estranged since her and Harry’s wedding in 2018.  Meghan told The Cut: “Harry said to me, 'I lost my dad in this process.' It doesn't have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that's his decision.” Omid Scobie, co-author of ‘Finding Freedom’, tweeted: “There seems to be confusion in some headlines about this quote in The Cut interview. “I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan's loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn't want Harry to lose his.” While Meghan has received backlash for her comments, people have also come to her defence, referencing the early treatment of the Duchess.  Good Morning Britain host Adil Ray spoke out in fierce defence of Meghan soon after her bombshell interview. On Tuesday, Adil pressed Newsweek journalist Jack Royston about the media’s reaction to Meghan’s  interview. While Mr Royston sympathised with the Duchess, he argued that she and Harry “need to tread carefully” when they speak publicly and ensure they are being clear about what they mean. However Adil hit back, saying: “Here we are talking about racism and we’re telling the victim to get her words right, rather than talk about the press. Referring to some of the headlines that have come out about Meghan since the beginning of her relationship with Harry, Adil said: “Let’s face it, in the early days it was ‘Harry’s Girl: Straight Out Of Compton’. “They talked about her ‘exotic’ DNA. To speak to a Black woman about what ‘exotic’ means, to a Black woman, it’s probably one of the worst things you can possibly say. “She was blamed for the drought and murder in Mexico because she liked avocadoes!"