The Earl and Countess of Wessex attended various events with their children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Prince Edward is the vice-patron of the Commonwealth Games and was given the role of officially closing the event in Birmingham. Edward gave a closing speech on Monday at the Alexander Stadium in the host city of Birmingham. The official Instagram account for the Royal Family posted a reel featuring a compilation of the royal couple’s highlights from the games on Tuesday. The clip features a segment of the Prince’s speech in which he thanked all of those who work both behind the scenes of the games and in front of the screens. Edward said: “Every four years, we endeavour to come together to celebrate our Commonwealth through sport. “Thanks to the manner, style and enthusiasm with which you have competed, officiated, supported, organised and volunteered, you have, once again, brought the spirit and values of the Commonwealth to life.” The Earl and Countess attended multiple events at the games, including hockey matches and swimming heats, which they watched alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their daughter Princess Charlotte. The video on Instagram shows the couple mingling with athletes and workers from the games along with the Earl awarding medals to winners. READ MORE: Meghan’s lack of birthday message from Queen was to protect Camilla Other parts of the video show Sophie and Edward reacting to exciting sporting moments with the Countess taking photographs of the events. Royal fans praised the couple, with user @amanda659jones saying: “Long live the commonwealth family. Birmingham did a fantastic job absolutely well done.” Meanwhile, Instagram user @bain6367 wrote: “Love Edward and Sophie they supported the games brilliantly with their kids.” DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin rocked by 'multiple' explosions at Russian base  (LIVE)'This is a free country!' Radio host Kevin O'Sullivan erupts in a rage (REACTION)How to live longer: Climbing nighttime temperatures may prove deadly (INSIGHT) A third user, operating under the handle @lyndapieterse, added: “[Edward] has really bloomed in his role song with his wife.” @janettedelbarre concluded: “The Earl of Wessex and Sophie do such a wonderful job every day of the year. “So good to see them at the games and enjoying their official duties so much.”