Naga Munchetty has shared her husband James Haggar's reaction to the "dangerous" encounter as she made a candid admission. The BBC Breakfast presenter admitted she was scared of cows after speaking with a guest who was close to being severely trampled by a herd of cattle while out in a field. The 47-year-old opened up about the moment she came face-to-face with a group of cows as she shared her husband's cheeky reaction. Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live on August 16, Naga couldn't resist sharing her own experiences while perusing a field. "I am scared of cows," she mused. "I was once followed by a herd of cows and my partner laughed at me." Naga went on: "People have laughed at me since when I've said they can be dangerous. READ MORE: Strictly's Adam Peaty splits from girlfriend as he says 'Let you down' "They usually don't bother you but just be mindful. That is the lesson of the morning." Her admission comes after the BBC broadcaster spoke candidly with her guest Sharon Ealy who suffered terrible injuries after being rushed by cows. Speaking about the incident, caller Sharon explained she had been walking in the fields near her home with her pet dog and a friend. She had been training to take part in the Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge and opted to follow the same route she had been doing for the past three days.  Sharon had eyed a group of cows in the far corner of the field but initially was not concerned by their presence. "They then came bounding down the field and the next minute they were in front of us," she remarked. One of the cows began to snort at her and she admitted this was not something she had experienced before. Sharon said: "They charged at me, threw me in the air, I landed on all fours. They then all came around me and I thought, 'Oh my god, this is not good.' I got up and they pushed me back down again. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid speaks out after GMB 'regular' joins ITV show[LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire[ROYALS]Kate Moss, 48, strips completely naked and flashes bare bottom[PICTURES] "They then headbutted my rucksack. As I got up again, they surrounded me but [my bag] strangled me. I couldn't breathe. "Then all of the sudden all of the cows, but one of them, charged off." She continued: "I was then just left with this one cow. "My foot just went to the side. I tried to walk but I decided to stay still." Sharon explained the cow eventually wandered off but she could feel severe damage to her foot but managed to jump over a wall. Parademics finally arrived to assist the show guest, as Naga read out her injuries on-air. The BBC host said: "You had 15 broken ribs, a punctured lung, a dislocated and shattered left ankle, a broken clavicle and lots of bruising."The caller explained she had spent the past 12 weeks recovering from her severe injuries. Naga Munchetty's on BBC Radio 5 Live from Monday to Wednesday from 11am. 