Celebrity MasterChef is back on BBC One and this round welcomes Call The Midwife star Cliff Parisi. The former EastEnders actor will be trying his best to impress hosts Gregg Wallace and John Torode in the kitchen. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's life off-screen, including who he is married to. Cliff Parisi is going up against choirmaster Gareth Malone, former world boxing champion Chris Eubank, musician Mel Blatt and reality star Queen MoJo in tonight's heat of the competition. The bubbly actor is known and loved for playing fun characters such as Minty from EastEnders and Fred Buckle in Call The Midwife. Cliff is a father of four, and he had one of his children with his wife, Tara Wyer, who is a BBC producer. One of her first jobs was as an assistant producer on The Weakest Link back in 2000. She also worked on the TV special Victoria Wood: A BAFTA Tribute in 2005. READ MORE: Royal Family 'worried' over Prince Harry's 'explosive' memoir In the same year, she worked as an assistant producer on Nigella, one of Nigella Lawson's cooking shows. In 2006 she was a celebrity producer on Never Mind The Full Stops, and worked as a producer for The National Lottery: Big 7 in 2009. Cliff took to Instagram to share the news of his Celebrity MasterChef stint, saying: "Anyone for dinner?! Excited to announce my participation in this year's #celebritymasterchefuk. "Tune in to see my trials, tribulations and crazy creations! Hosted by the legendary @johntorodecooks @greggawallace." The star admitted he was nervous as he was taking part in an attempt to gain his wife's trust when it comes to cooking. He said: "I’d like to do a bit more cooking, and I’d like my wife to trust me in the kitchen a little bit more. "So, to gain her trust so that I can cook a bit more, I thought I’d come and do this show. "The other thing is I love the show. I’ve watched it on television for years. DON'T MISS...Call The Midwife's Cliff Parisi feels 'very lucky' over new scripts [INTERVIEW] Cliff Parisi children: Inside the Call The Midwife actor's family [INSIGHT] Sally Nugent age: How old is the BBC Breakfast host? [EXPLAINER] "It’s an iconic show, and I just felt brave enough to have a stab at it this year. Fans will be rooting for Cliff tonight as he takes on the challenges set by Gregg and John. Hopefully, Tara will be won over by his culinary skills and will share the dinner time duties more often. Tara tends to stay behind the camera, so not much is known about her life outside of work. She is not featured on Cliff's social media accounts, but the actor does give some insight into his other family. He shared some photos of his daughter from a previous marriage, who is working in midwifery. The star said he was "very proud" of his girl, adding: "You look fabulous." Fans commented on Cliff's resemblance to his daughter, claiming they looked very alike.  Celebrity MasterChef airs on BBC One at 8pm.