The keto diet is a low-carb, high-fat approach to losing weight. And as with many dieting methods out there, it promotes a low-sugar, low-carb intake to speed up weight loss. One food group it typically recommends avoiding is most fruits, as they can prevent ketosis; the body's fat burning state. There are a few low-carb exceptions including avocados, tomatoes, some berries and lemon and lime juices, which are low in carbs but full of flavour. But cutting sugar out of a diet can be tricky, and while avoiding sugary drinks while dieting may seem like common sense, many people don't realise how much sugar is in their daily fruit juice. All fruit juice, whether it's apple, orange, grape or a fancy blend is high in sugar and are likely too high in carbs to promote ketosis. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake In fact, fruit juice contains just as much as the average full-fat fizzy drink, with an 8oz serving of juice and cola both containing around 30g of sugar. That works out to almost eight teaspoons in just one drink. According to Healthline, fruit juice is "inappropriate" for the keto diet. And a blend of apple, spinach, kale, collard and lemon juice has around 25g of carbs per serving, which is more than the total daily carb limit for the keto diet. It is worth noting that while added sugars (found in processed foods and fizzy drinks) are bad news, sugar from whole fruit is considered natural sugar. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] And the body metabolises this sugar differently. According to Medical News Today, fruit contains two types of sugar: fructose and glucose. The proportions of each vary, but most fruits are about half glucose and half fructose. Glucose raises blood sugar, so the body must use insulin to metabolise it, whereas fructose does not raise blood sugar and instead, the liver breaks it down. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim But when it comes to fruit juices, they tend to be heavily sweetened by manufacturers. Experts have warned that fruit juices should not be a substitute for whole fruit, and they may significantly increase a person’s sugar consumption. To ensure this isn't the case, people should check the label to see if they will greatly increase their sugar content. If a person was to cut sugar out of their diet, the health benefits will be "almost immediate", according to Eric Pham from St. Joseph’s Hospital in Orange, California. But if giving up fruit juice is too difficult, a doctor has suggested a very healthy alternative, that offers no sugary surprises. But if giving up fruit juice is too difficult, a doctor has suggested a very healthy alternative, that offers no sugary surprises. Vegetable-based juices are just as high in dietary fibre, vitamins and minerals. Dr Anju Sood explained: "Vegetable and fruit juices both impart equal vitamins and minerals. "But if you are look at it in terms of the sugar content, then definitely vegetable juices are healthier as they contain less or zero sugar but fruit juices contain a lot of sugar." For a keto diet such as his Fast 800 programme, Dr Michael Mosley advised: "There’s room for plenty of low-carbohydrate vegetables." He recommend to choose non-starchy vegetables when following the diet plan, which can be blended into a juice, too. For those not following a low-carb diet, fruits should be added as a part of a healthy balanced based diet.