Shawn Porter believes that Deontay Wilder is a ‘better’ fight for Oleksandr Usyk than Tyson Fury. The former welterweight world champion admits that Usyk-Fury is the biggest bout in heavyweight boxing right now but would prefer to see Wilder vs Usyk due to the higher entertainment value. Usyk and Fury are currently in negotiations to book the first undisputed heavyweight unification bout of the four-belt era. According to initial reports, the contest was being targeted for December 17 in Riyadh, however, Fury’s US promoter Bob Arum has since come out to affirm that it is “highly unlikely” to happen in 2022. Instead, a more realistic date of February 11 or February 18 was provided by the American who added that the Middle East is the most likely destination. Among the possible locations are Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates (Abu Dhabi), and the United States (Las Vegas). Talking about the fight, Porter gave his thoughts on the contest and provided Wilder as an alternative opponent. “I favour Fury I think, I don’t think we’ll see that fight, but I do favour Fury,” Porter told Boxing Scene. “I think that now you’re going up against size, and speed, and power, and boxing ability all of those components that Usyk has that separate him from everybody else in the division, doesn’t separate him from Fury. So, I think I might favour Fury in that. I might. “That’s the fight I really want to see [Usyk vs Wilder]. Believe it or not, I’d rather see that than Usyk vs Fury. I think that the style match-up is better, I think that when we get Usyk and Fury, I think that, that is the best boxing match that we can get at heavyweight but I think in terms of keeping us on the edge of our seat round after round its Usyk and Wilder.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Chisora leaves Love Island stars in stitches with Fury comment Pineda accused of being 'bought at Walmart' after KSI KO Usyk told how he can upset Fury as former opponent offers advice Wilder returns to the ring for the first time in twelve months on October 15 when he battles Robert Helenius at the Barclays Centre in New York City. In his last outing, he was brutally knocked out by Fury in their third contest with many believing the Bronze Bomber would step away from the sport following the second defeat of his professional career. However, the former WBC title holder came out to confirm that he will fight again and now looks to become a two-time heavyweight champion.