The cost of living crisis is placing people under immense financial pressure as energy bills skyrocket and the price of petrol and the food shop have also increased. Many Britons received their first cost of living support payment in July, with the second cost of living support payment due to land in people’s bank accounts this autumn. However, not everyone will receive it at the same time and it will depend on which benefits people are claiming. Britons who claim tax credits will receive the money later in order to avoid duplicate payments. READ MORE: Bank offers 3.31% interest on savings up to £400,000 - ‘excellent' The DWP has confirmed the cost of living support payments will be made: DON'T MISSFury as most pensioners will not get next year's £1,000 state pension [WARNING]Man shares 'amazing way' he makes up to £4,000 extra each month [INSIGHT]Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000 [ALERT]Three ways people can ensure their children pay less inheritance tax [INSIGHT]  However, not everyone who claims Universal Credit will receive these cost of living support payments from the DWP. One claimant said they would miss out on the payment due to their wages being paid on a four-weekly basis rather than per calendar month. In response the DWP said: "The vast majority of existing recipients of Universal Credit will qualify for a cost of living payment but inevitably a small number will be ineligible on the qualification dates because of a change of income, earnings or other circumstance. "Earnings patterns can vary substantially and it would be impossible to choose qualifying dates that work for every single person on Universal Credit, however, autumn's second qualifying date reduces the risk that those with non-monthly pay periods that were ineligible for the first payment, miss out altogether.” READ MORE: Three ways people can ensure their children pay less inheritance tax Struggling Britons can get in touch with their local council to see if they qualify for financial help through the Household Support Scheme. Every council has a pot of money to distribute to those who are most in need which is separate from the cost of living payments. Meanwhile, all households can expect a £400 discount on their energy bills in the autumn. Pensioner households will receive an additional £300 one-off payment while disabled people will get a £150 payment. In the meantime, people may be able to claim 30 Universal Credit freebies such as: People can go visit GOV.UK to find out more on which benefits they could claim.