Worcestershire women Margaret Tyszkow, 68, went missing for months before her body was found in Evesham. An inquest heard that she had become anxious after fearing that she had claimed too much in benefits.  PIP is targeted at people who need help with daily activities or getting around because of a long-term illness or disability. It has become controversial lately, as women's pension age campaigners report cases of applicants being turned down despite suffering life-changing illnesses such as cancer, triple heart attacks and brain tumours. The PIP application process can be tough on vulnerable people. Margaret was a dedicated member of village life, serving as a parish councillor since 2011 and a volunteer for Age UK. But she mysteriously disappeared on November 24 last year with no sign of her until a houseboat owner made the tragic discovery on January 27. Worcestershire Coroner's Court heard how the pensioner told the Parish Council clerk "she'd done a terrible thing and would be sent to prison".   In fact, she only needed to pay back £4.55 to the DWP. Miss Tyszkow was last seen three days after a letter was sent out to inform her of that, but it is unclear if she saw that letter before she disappeared, the inquest heard. Michelle Pocock, a service delivery manager in the benefits Department of South Worcestershire Partnership in Pershore, said: "Miss Tyszkow was claiming housing benefit and council tax support as well as PIP. “On November 13 and 15, she wrote to us that she'd claimed the PIP awarded by the DWP and was not entitled to it as she'd exaggerated her condition. "She had been entitled to PIP for many years and not expected this to change. Miss Tyszkow had an increase of £10,000 in capital and this could affect her housing benefit and pension credit. She was concerned she might have committed benefit fraud, however this was not the case. "In the end, the increase in capital didn't affect her benefits too much and it transpired she would only owe £4.55. This was due to be deducted in the next housing benefit. This correspondence was sent out on November 21.” READ MORE: Personal Independence Payment fury as 'cruel' DWP rejects PIP claims  Ms Pocock said she was aware Miss Tyszkow was in hospital from September 18 to November 12 with mental health problems. The court heard she was prescribed anti-psychotic medication. Angela Evans, clerk of Badsey Parish Council, said: "Margaret lived a simple life, she didn't drink alcohol and didn't have a television or own a computer. She was a recluse but enjoyed engaging with the community. "During lockdown, her calls became less frequent and when she did speak, she sounded more forlorn." Miss Evans added: "She said she couldn't be a parish councillor as she'd done a terrible thing and would be sent to prison.” A neighbour said he would talk to Miss Tyszkow over the garden fence but noticed she became upset and depressed when she had to put two of her cats to sleep last year. After spending time in hospital in Bromsgrove, she returned home but said she "was worried about her finances" in the weeks before she went missing. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Kate 'mortified' after Meghan's revelations [LATEST]'Like Mummy!' Charlotte sends royal fans into meltdown in new pictures [REVEAL]Ukraine LIVE: Iran and Turkey hold ace card over Putin's shock plot [INSIGHT]  A post mortem also ruled it was not possible to determine a cause of death due to decomposition, although there was no evidence of trauma. Worcestershire Coroner Sarah Murphy recorded an open verdict and added: "She had a history of mental health issues and recent suicidal idolisation. It's not possible to determine how she came to enter the water." She added: "There are several possibilities about the circumstances leading to the death. It's not possible to exclude that she collapsed.” Despite having no family in the UK, around 50 mourners attended her funeral on March 17. Friend Julie Westlake said in a eulogy to Miss Tyszkow: "Sadly her life was blighted more recently by periods of anxiety, and she turned to friends for help and support. “She always made it through, but this last battle was too much for her. Covid restrictions and social distancing amongst other things had taken its toll on Margaret’s health and wellbeing." 