LIV Golf defector Lee Westwood has fired shots at the PGA Tour after the American-based circuit announced new, mega-money plans amid its ongoing battle with the Saudi-backed series. On Wednesday the PGA Tour commissioner announced a whole host of new plans to keep their star players - and those watching on - onside. Ahead of this week’s FedEx Cup finale at the Tour Championship, Monahan revealed that the Tour would be bringing in 12 ‘elevated events’ onto the calendar in 2023 all with an average purse of £17 million. Whilst this increase has financial benefits for the players, fans watching on will also reap the reward too. This comes after it was confirmed that the tour’s top players had now committed to competing in at least 20 tournaments across the season, including the elevated events, four major championships and the Players Championship. The plans were reportedly put to 22 players at last week’s crunch meeting at the BMW Championship, which was partially led by golfing great Tiger Woods in an effort to keep the world’s best competing on the PGA Tour. One man who seemingly missed this communication though is former world No. 1 Jon Rahm, after the Spaniard was left confused after being told he would be playing 20 events on the hectic schedule by a reporter at East Lake. DON'T MISS: Rory McIlroy held private chat with Open rival Cameron Smith to sway LIV Golf decision After being asked if the PGA Tour asking European players to play 20 events as well as their four DP World tournaments required to qualify for Ryder Cup selection was too much, Rahm remarkably replied: “There are 20?” Before adding: “Wait, we have to play all of them? If we have to play all of those 20, then yeah 100%.” Rahm’s confusion came as a surprise, bearing in mind he attended last week’s all-player crunch meeting where the plans were laid out. The clip did not go unnoticed by the Spaniard’s ex-Ryder Cup captain and LIV star Westwood, who jumped at the chance to take a dig at the PGA Tour’s plans. READ MORE: IV Golf rebels lose case to play in FedEx Cup as judge sides with PGA Tour on ban Responding on Twitter, the Englishman wrote: “It’s worrying that 1 of Europe's best players looks concerned as to how he’s going to fit in his quota of tournaments to enable him to be a member of both DPWT & PGA tour. I’m sure this subject was covered at the meeting in Delaware last week.” The PGA Tour’s elevated events plan does share similarities to that of their rivals at LIV Golf, with mega-money purses on offer to those competing. Westwood was not the only one from the LIV side of golf’s civil war to land a blow, as the series’ CEO Greg Norman pointed fun at Monahan, accusing him of ‘copying his homework’ following a post on Instagram. 