Bill Turnbull has announced he is returning to his show on Classic FM for health reasons as he continues to live with terminal prostate cancer. The much-loved radio and TV presenter announced the news on Twitter today and he was inundated with messages of support. The former BBC Breakfast presenter took to the micro-blogging site and shared his delight at making a return to the radio airwaves. In view of his 113,000 followers, Bill tweeted: "Roll over Beethoven - BIll Turnbull’s back @Classicfm! Yes, I’m returning to host the most exciting classical music show on the airwaves this Saturday from 10 till 1. Don’t miss it!" Social media users flocked to comment on the post as they congratulated the veteran broadcaster. Twitter user @WycombeComanche penned: "Great news Bill - I hope you're doing well." READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen stuns in flawless pics amid 'highs'[LATEST] @SteveSpringford tweeted: "Brilliant news! Welcome back Bill, we’ve missed you!" @VikkiJane remarked: "The best news!" "Woohoo! I'll be there," @LynneFe commented, while @kirkkathy added: "Great news Billy." It comes after Bill told listeners in October he was taking some time away from the show. The broadcaster, who lives with incurable prostate cancer, said at the time it was "with great regret" that he would be taking "a leave of absence… for health reasons". He explained: "The road has been a bit bumpy recently, and I need to take some time to focus on getting better. Bil, 63, said he was "sorry to do this, as I absolutely love doing the programme". "I am very grateful to friends and colleagues [at global] for the love and support they have shown me," he added. DON'T MISS... Dara Ó Briain livid at Andrew Neil over Mock The Week axing[LATEST]American Pie star Jennifer Coolidge 'slept with 200 people'[ADMISSION]Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini as she gives fans an eyeful[PICTURES] At the time of his departure, Bill reassured fans he "will be back, just as soon as I can be". In a statement, a Classic FM spokesperson said:"‘Bill is a hugely valued and loved member of the Classic FM and Global family. We wish him all the very best as he takes time away from his programmes to concentrate on getting better. "Along with our listeners, we look forward to welcoming back him on air as soon as he can be." The former BBC Breakfast presenter has lived with the condition for over four years and has always been very open about his diagnosis.  In 2019 he revealed that the cancer had spread to his bones, but that he still had a “fair-old time to live". Since his diagnosis the journalist has undergone numerous rounds of chemotherapy and even had injections of radioactive substance Radium 223. Bill, who previously hosted BBC Breakfast, and Good Morning Britain alongside Susanna Reid, has hosted the Classic FM weekend show for five years. He also appeared in a BBC documentary which, over the course of a year, saw the TV personality undergoing chemotherapy and trying medical cannabis following his devastating diagnosis. 