The former Chancellor is currently trailing Liz Truss in the race to become next Tory leader and prime minister. Polling also suggests he would perform worse against Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer in a future general election than the Foreign Secretary. Businessman and former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib has argued this is, in part, due to the fact Mr Sunak would do “close to nothing” to tackle the threat of recession. Some economists warn the UK is already in recession, but even those who don’t tend to believe it will be in the near future. Mr Habib told Express.co.uk that the former Chancellor’s approach to dealing with this would do “nothing” for the country. He said: “There is nothing to be gained for Sunak by harking back to the 1980s and falsely wrapping himself in Thatcherite conservatism. “Traditionalists keep citing the need to fund tax cuts. What they mean is, for every £1 in tax cuts there must be a commensurate reduction in spending so the books are balanced. “By that yardstick no government could ever pursue growth. And growth is what we desperately need.” The Brexit Watch Chairman added: “As high as the national debt is, it cannot be reduced through austerity. “The way out of burdensome debt is to boost economic growth so debt shrinks in relative terms.” READ MORE: Leigh voters FURIOUS over broken Brexit Truss promise Ben Harris-Quinney, Chairman of the Bow Group, Britain’s and the world’s oldest conservative think tank, also noted that a change in direction was very much needed. He told Express.co.uk: “Long-term we need a full pivot away from the Davos-inspired globalist agenda that has tanked our living standards for decades and mired us in debt. “Tinkering with a few percentage on tax will not Avery a major inflation, recession and debt crisis. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] “Radical long-term action is required.” Without a proper plan to change the current financial situation, the Tory party has warned it could be set for electoral failure. Mr Habib said: “My message to the Tory membership is this: vote Sunak, get Starmer.” A survey for Redfield & Wilton Strategies earlier this month suggested that 38 percent of voters believe Ms Truss would be a better prime minister than Sir Keir. This was higher than the 34 percent who thought Mr Sunk would do a better job than the current Leader of the Opposition.