Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong expects to be an important player at the Nou Camp if he ends up staying, according to reports. Manchester United and Chelsea are both keen on the 25-year-old. However, the Netherlands international would rather stay in Catalonia - having been at the club since arriving from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Barcelona have seen De Jong struggle for consistency ever since his arrival from Ajax three years ago. And they’re open to offloading the 25-year-old this summer, with the La Liga giants needing the cash so they can register new recruits such as Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. Barcelona have agreed a £63million fee with United for De Jong but, in recent days, Chelsea have emerged as potential suitors for the midfielder as well. Yet Sport say De Jong expects to be an important player for the Catalan side despite their desire to get him off the wage bill. He supposedly feels he can be ‘very useful’ in the team Xavi is putting together, despite the competition for places. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Barcelona continue to tell De Jong that he must leave for the benefit of their financial situation, with the Netherlands international viewed as the best way of raising funds. They are, though, putting pressure on him to take a pay cut in case their attempts to jettison him fail. For now, however, De Jong has shown no willingness to do that - especially given how Barcelona owe him between £14m and £17m in deferred wages. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, the 25-year-old agreed to a temporary deduction. But Barcelona are yet to pay him what he’s owed and that, it’s believed, is holding up any potential move to the Premier League. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United remain frontrunners in the race to land De Jong, with the club hoping his close relationship with Erik ten Hag can convince the player into moving to England. They’ve spent nearly three months on this deal, with Ten Hag believing there’s nobody like the Barcelona star - which is why the Red Devils aren’t really looking at alternatives. Chelsea, however, can offer De Jong the chance to play in the Champions League. That’s something the Red Devils can’t after finishing sixth in the table last term amid a chaotic campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And Chelsea can also give De Jong the opportunity to live in London, too. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Meanwhile, United legend Gary Neville believes his old side have plenty riding on the deal for De Jong this summer given how public their pursuit has been. “There’s a lot on that De Jong deal,” said Neville. “Just generally. Not just for the team but for the club, the new operation, so they can get a deal over the line. “There are three scenarios. One is that they get him, they look smart, they look patient, they look like they’ve bided their time and got the deal that they wanted. “Or, he stays at Barcelona. Which I think could be slightly embarrassing given the relationship the manager’s got with the player. “Or the horrific outcome is that, he doesn’t just leave Barcelona, he goes to Chelsea - a competitor in the Premier League. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “That wouldn’t be a good outcome for United’s recruitment department. I think that would cause problems in the next few weeks. “At the moment, it might be in two or three weeks Ronaldo settles down, says he’s staying, the football they’ve played in pre-season has been great, they might get De Jong over the line, all of a sudden you’re thinking: oh wow, it could be United.” If United do miss out on De Jong, several players may be pursued. There have been fresh links to Napoli star Fabian Ruiz, though the Serie A giants want to keep hold of the player having already lost Kalidou Koulibaly. And Ruben Neves, Youri Tielemans, Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham are also admired over at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here