Joe Joyce has compared Oleksandr Usyk to Mike Tyson as he giggled at the ‘danger’ Anthony Joshua is in on fight night. ‘The Juggernaut’ believes “it is not looking very good” for Joshua and has given him nothing more than a ‘puncher’s chance’ in the rematch this weekend. Joshua was comfortably outpointed by Usyk last September at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London as he dropped his WBA (super), IBF, and WBO world heavyweight titles to the Ukrainian. Now, ‘AJ’ will have a second bite of the cherry on August 20 at the King Abdullah Sport City Stadium in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Coming into the fight, a lot has been made of Usyk’s weight and preparations. According to Amir Khan – who recently spent time in camp with the former undisputed cruiserweight champion – ‘The Cat’ is 15kg heavier than he was in his last fight against Joshua. Many have speculated over how this will affect Usyk come fight night, if true – but Joyce believes ‘he looks dangerous’ and has ‘upped his game’ at the new weight. With a wide grin on his face, Joyce told Seconds Out: “Well looking at Usyk now, he looks dangerous man. He’s put on some size and he’s doing the Mike Tyson-Esque bobbing and weaving so he’s upping his game and Joshua is obviously happy to up his game so I think it’s going to be fireworks and I can’t wait to watch it and see what the outcome is. “I think Usyk’s just looking on form, on fire and he’s beaten him before so it’s not looking very good but Joshua as I keep saying has a punchers chance and let’s see what he’s been working on with his new team and see if he can change things up – come out more offensive and make it a firefight, it’s going to be exciting, I can’t wait.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Eubank Jr calls out his own promoter for lying at Benn presser Eubank Jr ignores Benn's trainer and poses for selfies during speech Fury backtracks and releases new retirement statement Joyce faces Joseph Parker on September 24 in a fight which could determine the next challenger for the winner of the ‘Rage on the Red Sea’. The Brit is currently ranked No1 by the WBO but may have to wait his turn due to the sanctioning body rotational system. Among those in contention to fight the winner are Filip Hrgovic and Zhilei Zhang who compete in an IBF final eliminator bout on the Usyk-Joshua undercard, and Daniel Dubois who is currently the WBA (regular) champion.