A brand new instalment of Power Book III: Raising Kanan is finally coming this weekend, and fans are desperate to know the outcome when Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) comes face-to-face with his biological father Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps). Even though the young gangster shot the detective in the Starz drama’s gripping season finale, Mekai told Express.co.uk he hopes the revelation won’t change things between him and his mother Raq (Patina Miller). Mekai insisted Kanan will still have the support of his family and friends if they discover his father is actually a detective for the NYPD. For most of his life, Kanan has believed his father was a gangster named Def-Con, who died before the events of the Power prequel series. However, midway through Book III’s first season, Malcolm realises he could be the father when he discovers the dates of Def-Cons incarceration don’t match up with Kanan’s birthday. “Emotion goes out the window in a situation like that, it becomes… it’s a little hot outside for Kanan if that’s the case,” Mekai explained exclusively to Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe “If you’re the son of a cop but you’re in such a field, that can become a little sticky.” Having grown up as part of one of New York’s major crime families, Kanan will know better than to let everyone know his real father is actually the cop he failed to take out last season. Even so, Mekai still believes his mother and his uncles would rally around him to protect him from the likes of Unique (Joey Bada$$) and other rival gangs. He continued: “Any sort of revelation that would happen in that realm, I think the family would come together to try and shield that more than anything.” “You even hear Raq say that in one of the trailers, like, ‘It’s family. It’s us’.” Raq will be spending much of the next season trying to shield Kanan from the truth, as she knows the dangers of letting a cop have access to her son. Despite her distrust of Malcolm, she still puts the safety of her son first, and wouldn’t let either the cops or her gang rivals lay a finger on Kanan while she’s still alive. “Anything standing between us does not matter in a situation like that,” Mekai added. DON'T MISS:BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets [LATEST]Simon Cowell heartbroken by death of America's Got Talent star [COMMENT]Sally Nugent blasts Starmer as she questions where Labour leader is [INTERVIEW] “The situation overall with the Thomases and Kanan is… family is what it is at the end of the day, regardless of how we feel really feel about one another and what’s going on. “Raq has established this nucleus, this central world and she has all of her worker bees, who are the family. “They all make everything in that nucleus work, and that’s how it all goes down.” Power fans already know Kanan survives the '90s to take on Ghost (Omari Hardwick) in the original series, here portrayed by Curtis Jackson aka 50 Cent. However, the ultimate fates of his parents are still unknown, so the stakes will only get higher as Book III continues for further seasons. Thankfully, Mekai seems convinced the family won’t betray each other before New York’s new drug kingpin enters the scene later down the line. There is definitely no shortage of Power content to come, as Raising Kanan’s third season will soon be followed by new outings for Tariq St Patrick (Michael Rainey Jr) and Tommy Egan (Joseph Sikora). Power Book III: Raising Kanan season 2 premieres Sunday, August 14 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.