Meteorologist Tomasz Schafernaker, 43, was confronted by a Twitter user regarding a “much-needed” change to an element of his presenting style. In full view of the TV host’s 92,800 followers, he responded to the tweet. Tomasz initially tweeted a selfie as he posed in front of the BBC studio. He wrote in the caption: “BBC News at Ten weather coming up.” User @John_Adesola wrote in response: “Haha loved the trainers mate! A much needed refresh to the old boring corporate - office outfits  #bbcnews.” (sic) Excited by the fan’s approval, Tomasz rushed to the social media platform to express his gratitude. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury  The BBC weather reporter penned: “Thank you! We like it too.” It wasn’t long before fans took to social media to present their thoughts on the subject. @Wooshell1997 said: “My brother and I spotted the trainers and both agreed that you were clearly off dancing tonight once you had presented the weather to the nation.” @Gridders100 wrote: “They'd look good on strictly. Have you been asked?” It wasn’t the first time the weather presenter took to Twitter to address a user’s comments. The user, @Angie_T7, wrote: “The map looks too low... bending down all the time doesn't look good....shame.” Tomasz reposted the tweet, clarifying that the map had been placed where it was on purpose. He explained to his social media following: “No other way round it. READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS] Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST] 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE] “We can’t chop off the Northern Isles, and we can’t show more of France as it’ll shrink the UK… "Then you won’t be able too see anything! Trust me, we know the limitations.” However, a second social media user challenged Tomasz, insisting that the map’s positioning could be changed to avoid it being too low. Redders63 said: “There is a way around it, so U don't have 2 jump up & down 2 present the weather.  “Shrink the map 2 a more sensible size OR display it as per the OS mapping ppl do, that way the whole of the British Isles is shown.” (sic) Tomasz explained that making changes to the way the Northern Isles are shown had previously caused “a lot of upset,” and therefore they would not be changed again. He said: “No, putting the Northern Isles in a box caused a lot of upset. “They do not want it and we will respect that.”