Meghan Markle has been seen doing what she does best - making a subtle fashion statement by wearing tonal colours. The Duchess of Sussex released her first episode of Archetypes earlier today and for promotional content, she was see in a striped shirt, beige trousers and brown shoes. It is not known what brand her clothes are, but the shirt is brown and beige striped and features a tie collar, which creates a pussy-bow at the neck. Meghan had chosen to wear it open and had undone a few buttons. She had tucked the blouse into a pair of high-waisted beige trousers, which had paper bag pleats and a matching belt. To complete the look, the Duchess chose a pair of nude suede heels, presumably Manolo Blahnik, a designer she favours. READ MORE: Lady Louise loves one key accesssory - but Kate may not be a fan She has had the BB 105 Suede Pumps in her closet since April 2018 and has wore them on numerous occasions. They are still available to buy from the designer directly, for £613.16 or $725. Prince Harry’s wife chose to keep her hair simple, pulled back into a chic ponytail, to allow for the headphones to sit across her head. Meghan accessorised with her signature Cartier pieces; Princess Diana’s gold Tank Cartier watch, as well as her Love Bracelet which she has worn on numerous occasions. DON'T MISS...Gatwick cancels flights last-minute amid staff sickness [NEWS]Prince Charles ‘extraordinary cocktail’ vs Camilla’s £3 local tipple [INSIDER]How to clean pillows without washing - ‘Kills germs & bacteria!’ [EXPERT] In terms of earrings, she opted for simple gold and diamond studs, and then her wedding ring on her fingers. Fans seemed to love Meghan’s outfit choice and took to social media to comment. One said: “I like this outfit, it's simple. Cute!” And another wrote: “Love her outfit, so simple and chic.” For anyone looking to copy the Duchess’ style, there is an extremely similar tie-neck blouse on the market. READ MORE: Princess Anne’s ‘most annoying’ habit exposed by Zara Tindall While not the exact shirt Meghan is wearing, the Maeve Blouse from Anthropologie is available for £101.30 or $120. It features a similar stripe, albeit in a red motif, and a tie-neck design that can be worn into a pussy-bow, or copy Meghan and leave it loose. This shirt, however, features two covered buttons on each wide cuff at the wrist.