 Diabetes.co.uk has identified 15 signs in your feet to look out for. The signs include numbness, warts and fungus, swelling, and a prickly tingly feeling. The onset of problems with your feet might seem like nothing, but it could point toward a serious decline in your health.  For one, having strange sensations in your feet, such as numbness can be an indication that high blood sugar levels are affecting your circulation. High blood glucose levels are known to cause fatty deposits to form in your blood vessels. In time, these deposits can make your blood vessels narrow and hard and reduce the blood flow around your body. This is known as peripheral arterial disease. Numbness in your feet can also be a sign of damage to the nerves in the limb. This is known medically as diabetic neuropathy. In some cases, diabetic neuropathy can lead to ulcers and even amputation, explains Mayo Clinic.  READ MORE: Prostate cancer: 'Misinterpretation' of urinary symptoms causing more deaths - new study  It’s not known exactly what causes diabetic neuropathy, although scientists believe that the uncontrolled blood sugar disrupts the nerve cells ability to pass on electrical signals. Mayo Clinic advises getting your feet looked at least once a year if you are diabetic. Among the other fifteen signs identified by diabetes.co.uk is cold feet. If the environment isn’t cold and you have a weak pulse with your cold feet, this could be one of the signs of poor circulation. According to the website, “this is even more likely to be the case if you’ve noticed a loss of hair on your feet or toes". DON'T MISS   Changes in the colour of your feet may also be an indication that damage has occurred. Reddening, yellowing, paling, bluing, darkening of the skin are likely signs of damage, Diabetes.co.uk explains. The full list of foot problems caused by diabetes is as follows, as per the website:  READ MORE: Popular drink is linked to type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and high cholesterol – 'Toxic'  Dry and cracked skin is also a result of diabetic neuropathy. It is a sign that your nerves aren’t properly connecting your brain and your feet to communicate to the brain that they need hydrating. Brittle or slow growing toenails on the other-hand is another sign of peripheral arterial disease. It’s worth noticing, however, that peripheral arterial disease can also be caused by high cholesterol levels as well as high blood pressure – not only diabetes.   The best way to prevent or alleviate these symptoms is through lifestyle change. Stopping smoking, losing weight, or moderating consumption of alcohol can lower the risks of peripheral arterial disease getting worse. Moreover, if you’re diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, these lifestyle changes can help to put your disease in remission. 