Miranda Holder is a celebrity stylist and fashion expert who often shares her insight on the royal style of Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge. The stylist has worked with Little Mix and Boy George, among a number of other notable celebrities. She posts fashion tips and insights on her TikTok account, including a recent video about the royal's wedding dress. Miranda addressed "the hidden padding in Kate's wedding dress to make her waist look even smaller." The style expert went on: "Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen is no stranger to making women's figures look even more incredible than they already are." The Duchess of Cambridge, now 40, wore an Alexander McQueen dress for her wedding to Prince William at Westminster Abbey. The quintessentially British fashion house was founded in 1992 by the late Alexander McQueen, born in Lewisham, London, who was known for using new technology in his catwalk shows and for his dramatic designs. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's 'total game changer' style 'hack' disclosed by fashion insider The founder died at age 40 in 2010. The next year, when Kate married into the Royal Family, the brand was being led by McQueen's right-hand designer aide Sarah Burton. The brand is well-known for its corsetry and Victorian-inspired design, knowledge of which was used to whittle Kate's waist, according to Miranda. The fashion expert said: "Let's face it, Kate doesn't really need any help. "However, Sarah understands just how important proportion and balance are in any outfit to make the most of the beautiful figure that is wearing it. "So with this in mind, Sarah added extra padding around the hip and bottom area, which only made Kate's tiny was it look even more it is in that stunning dress. DON'T MISSKate's wedding tiara's very close personal ties to the Queen [EXPERT] Kate's subtle nod to Prince William wedding at premiere with Tom Cruise [INSIGHT] Kate's 'bejewelled' weekend: 'Beautiful, intentional' hidden meanings [ANALYSIS] "It's all about adding volume to certain areas, to make other areas of the body look smaller." The incredible dress, which cost an eye-watering £250,000, earned creator Sarah an OBE. The gown was intended by the royal to combine the old and the new. An official statement said: "Miss Middleton chose British brand Alexander McQueen for the beauty of its craftsmanship. "The lace design was hand-engineered (appliquéd) using the Carrickmacross lace-making technique, which originated in Ireland in the 1820s." This is not the first style hack of Kate's Miranda has discussed with her fans. She detailed an "almost invisible" hair hack to keep her locks looking smooth and tidy. The Duchess often needs to wear her hair up at formal events. She uses a hair net to achieve a tidy look. Miranda said: "Kate is known for her lustrous thick mane of hair, which sometimes can be quite difficult to tame, especially when she has to wear it up for formal events. "The Duchess of Cambridge, however, has solved the problem with this as surprising as it is a rather old-fashioned hair hack. "She uses a hair net. This hack works a treat as it keeps all the stray hairs in place." Polka dots The Duchess of Cambridge wears polka dots to "show she is not taking herself seriously". Miranda said: "Polka dots portray fun, softness, and a sense of playfulness. "By wearing the print Kate is showing that she is not taking herself too seriously. And it also looks like she's having lots of fun. Don't you agree?" Comfy tights Kate wears high heels on a regular basis. Rarely is the royal seen without towering shoes at official events. The Duchess uses a particular pair of tights to make high heels more comfortable, which can be bought at John Lewis. Intentional jewellery Experts have said the royal uses her jewellery very deliberately. Kate often chooses jewellery to reflect the moment or event she is at.