Diane Warren, 65, took to Twitter yesterday to comment on Beyonce's new album Renaissance but did not directly name the singer's the album. The American songwriter was heavily criticised, leading to a public apology from Diane, admitting she meant "no disrespect". Beyonce's new album Renaissance was released this week and has already been climbing up the album charts. However, fellow songwriter and singer Diane took to Twitter to comment on the fact that Beyonce had 24 writers on one song on her new album. Diane, confused by the idea, wrote on the micro-blogging site yesterday: "How can there be 24 writers on a song?" The tweet was likely referring to the song Alien Superstar which credits two dozen writers including the likes of Honey Dijon, Jay Z, Lucky Daye and Labrinth. READ MORE: Gary Lineker accused of 'casual sexism' over Lionesses 'bra' tweet Many social media users rushed to the comments to call out the singer for rejecting the notion that great art is created in solitude. The Dream and co-producer on Beyonce's hit Break My Soul commented: "You mean how’s does our (Black) culture have so many writers, well it started because we couldn’t afford certain things starting out, so we started sampling and it became an Artform, a major part of the Black Culture (hip hop) in America. "Had that era not happened, who knows. U good?" (sic) Diane replied: "I didn't mean that as an attack or as disrespect. "I didn't know this, thank U for making me aware of it. No need to be mean about it." (sic) This then left the successful songwriter to release a public apology in view of her 71,600 followers: She wrote: "Ok, I meant no disrespect to @Beyonce, who I've worked with and admire. I'm sorry for the misunderstanding." Social media users rushed to the comments to assess Diane's apology and share their views on the situation. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [HEALTH] Brad Pitt, 58, looks dapper in green suit amid retirement claims [HOLLYWOOD] Demi Rose 'back' as she barely conceals ample assets [PICS] Seelilbithh said: "Girl whatever, you knew EXACTLY what you were doing. Your intention with that tweet was very clear: undermine Beyoncé’s newest project because she had too many writers when you damn well knew it was because of samples. "You out of ALL people should have known BETTER." KiraJW added: "You don't get to s**t on someone else's art because you are successful. "Beyonce credited so many because they were denied credit in the past and she wanted to honor them. "A 5-minute Google search would have proven that, but she had to show her a** on Twitter for likes."(sic) Many loyal fans however took to the comments to reassure the songwriter after the public incident. Misscicco said: "You don’t have to apologize. You tweet what you wanna tweet, ask what you wanna ask, and that’s that. "How people will take it shouldn’t be your problem." Skylar_Writer added: "Bruh, if anyone can question songwriting credits of ANY ARTIST, it’s Diane Warren. "Recognize when a legend is talking about a legend and stay out of Legend Business."