PIP is a benefit payment designed to assist those with a long-term illness or disability with the additional costs that arise from their condition. It is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) however those living in Scotland will soon receive a replacement benefit instead. Adult Disability Payment will take over from PIP in the country and will be managed by Social Security Scotland. Current PIP claimants in Scotland will be moved onto the replacement benefit from August 29, 2022. It should be noted that those already in receipt of PIP do not need to apply for Adult Disability Payment. Someone’s existing award will automatically be transferred over from the DWP to Social Security Scotland. The Scottish Government has confirmed that claims will transfer in stages beginning from this summer. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Overall, the transfer to Adult Disability Payment  is expected to be completed by the end of 2025. Ahead of this change to PIP, the new benefit has recently been rolled out to new areas in Scotland. Residents in Aberdeenshire, City of Aberdeen, Fife, Moray, East Ayrshire, North Ayrshire, and South Ayrshire are able to apply for the Adult Disability Payment. Those looking for more information on Adult Disability Payment can do via the Scottish Government’s website.  Those who are interested in applying for the Adult Disability Payment can do so either online, by post, over the phone or face-to-face. Further information on the benefit payment can be found on mygov.scot or by calling 0800 182 2222. Ben Macpherson, the Scottish Government’s Minister for Social Security, outlined why the new benefit payment is being introduced and replacing PIP. Mr Macpherson explained: “Adult Disability Payment is an important financial support to provide security and help people live well.  READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  “I would encourage anyone in Scotland who could be eligible to please check and apply. We want people to get support that they’re entitled to, because social security is a shared investment to help build a fairer and better society together.” The MSP also shared how the application process will work for this PIP replacement being provided by the Scottish Government. He added: “When people apply for our disability benefits, we are focused on making the right decisions first to reduce the need for people to go through a redetermination or appeal. “When Social Security Scotland is making a decision it will only need one formal piece of supporting information from a professional, such as a social care assessment, medical report or prescription list, and if required we will obtain that information for people.” Susan Burt from People First Scotland, an organisation representing disabled people, praised the new benefit payment. Ms Burt said: “People First are pleased to see the new Adult Disability Payment. “Our needs are being better understood by using face to face local delivery teams and an easier application process. “We hope this will help people with a learning disability to have better and fairer access to their benefits.”