Ms Blaquier, the Argentine photographer, socialite and wife to Nacho Figueras, said Meghan is "wonderful", adding that she loves being around her. The two women became friends through their husbands' love of polo, which is how their nickname for one another — "p-wife", for polo wives — emerged. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex moved to California in 2020 after stepping back from royal duties for a life away from the spotlight in the United States. Not much is known about the couple's inner circle in Montecito, Santa Barbara, as Meghan and Harry share little about their relationships across the pond. But Ms Blaquiers' remarks to Hello magazine provided fans with a glimpse into some of the pair's closest friendships. The mother-of-four said: "She is so wonderful and strong. Stronger than she knows. "I love being around my friends, and I will always support her." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry tipped to 'pivot' and return to 'much easier royal' role Her husband weighed in with some thoughts about Harry's relationship with Meghan. He said: "I have known him for so long and he has always wanted someone to love and marry and have a family with, so it makes me so happy to see them happy and with two beautiful children." Ms Blaquier has previously spoken out about how much she values Meghan as a friend. She called the duchess a "sister" and said she always looks forward to sharing "thrills, hikes and just more chill time" with her. Prince Harry, who grew up playing polo with his brother William and their father Charles, joined Mr Figueras' polo team Los Padres in May and has spent the last few months playing in the league. The two men's friendship dates back to over a decade ago and with the Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club being close to the Sussexes' home, it came as no surprise to see the duke joining the fun. Mr Figueras told KCLU back when Harry joined: "My polo team has a platform where we use the sport and the platform to raise awareness for charities. Harry's going to be a part of this team." He added: "He and I wanted this team to be very local and to pay tribute to Southern California because of him moving here and paying tribute to his new home. "It's going to be a platform for a lot of good things so I'm very excited, proud and honoured to be doing this with him." DON'T MISSQueen health fears: Charles spotted making 'unusual' DAILY trips [INSIGHT]Kate and William living 'completely unthinkable' life with kids [ANALYSIS]Meghan's wrong about ambitious women, she's just playing the victim [COMMENT] Ms Blaquier's comments about Meghan came as the duchess toppled Spotify king Joe Rogan with her new podcast "Archetypes" to become number one on the platform in six different countries, including the UK and US. In the first episode, aired on Tuesday, Meghan welcomed her longtime friend and tennis champion Serena Williams. The two talked about how "ambition" had become a "dirty, dirty word when it comes to women". In their hour-long chat, the royal said she never personally felt a negative connotation toward "ambition" until she started going out with her now-husband. She said: "Since I've felt the negativity behind it, it's really hard to un-feel it. "I can't unsee it, either, in the millions of girls and women who make themselves smaller — so much smaller — on a regular basis." In the show, produced by the Sussexes' Archwell Audio in collaboration with Spotify's Gimlet Media, listeners will get to know the "real" her, Meghan said – "probably the me that they've never gotten to know, certainly not in the past few years, where everything is through the lens of the media." "Archetypes" was conceived as an outlet for the duchess to explore the stereotypes surrounding women of all ages through "uncensored conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape narratives," according to a March statement from Spotify.