Royal author Duncan Larcombe said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are using Kate's family as a "model". Mr Larcombe added that the Middletons are a "tight unit". The royal author told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat: "I think what we've seen for some time now is that the model William and Kate are essentially using as a family is the Middleton way. "It’s that strong family; brothers, sisters, everyone. And it is a tight unit." Royal expert Richard Kay added that William is taking a different approach to his childhood. Mr Kay said: "William has curated George's appearances in a completely different way from the way his mother and father curated his. "William and Harry, particularly William, were thrust from a very young age centre stage. "William has taken a different view, he wants to protect [his children] for as long as possible, give them some semblance of a normal childhood. "But inevitably as [George] gets older, we're going to see more of him, in a jacket and tie, at Wimbledon as we did, and at Platinum Jubilee-type celebrations." The Middletons are known for being a close-knit family. Kate remains close to her parents Carole and Michael, as well as siblings Pippa and James. It comes as William and Kate delighted royal fans with appearances from their three children during the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend in June. Little Louis, four, stole the show with his cheeky antics during the festivities. Meanwhile, nine-year-old George, who is third in line to the throne, and Charlotte, seven, put on very grown-up displays. It comes as the Cambridges are reportedly relocating to Berkshire this summer. They are understood to be moving to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate. However, Kensington Palace will remain the family of five's London base. The move means they will be closer to the Queen, who mainly resides at Windsor Castle, and Kate's parents who live in Bucklebury. A source previously told the Sun: “Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. “The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte and Louis to school together locally. "They had no other demands than a pleasant family home close to schools and the Queen.” 