Luxmy Gopal often co-stars alongside Roger Johnson on BBC Breakfast when she is needed to fill in for a regular presenter. However, fans were thrilled to see the dynamic duo back together on Sunday as they presented the latest news headlines. Fans took to social media to compliment the presenters, and some admitted to being distracted by Luxmy's outfit. Introducing Sunday's show, Luxmy began: "Good morning and welcome to Breakfast with Roger Johnson and Luxmy Gopal." "Good morning," Roger continued as they discussed what was coming up on the programme. "Headlines today, Boris Johnson promises more help for eyewatering energy bills but says the details won't be announced until next month by the new Prime Minister. Luxmy added: "Churches across Liverpool remember nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbell almost a week after she was shot dead at her home." READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death Joining Luxmy and Roger in the studio was Holly Hamilton who gave the latest sports report. Meteorologist Chris Fawkes was also on hand to share the weather forecast for the Bank Holiday weekend. Luxmy often keeps her Twitter followers updated about when she is presenting the show, and her latest post is no different. The presenter was all smiles as she posed on the red sofa alongside Roger and sports reporter Holly. Before Luxmy landed her role on BBC Breakfast, she was an investigative journalist. Alongside her role, she is also a presenter for the Look North programme.  Viewers were delighted to see the host back on Sunday, with many complimenting Luxy on how lovely she looked in her yellow dress. Robert Bartlett said: "It’s a fantastic Sunday when Luxmy is on the breakfast sofa!" DON'T MISS...Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview [VIDEO]Charlie Stayt red-faced after BBC Breakfast co-star's brutal swipe [REACTION]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [SPOILERS] While Paul Heron-Maxwell added: "Good morning Happy Sunday to Luxmy beautiful dress. Good to see Roger & Holly too. You are all wonderful on BBC Breakfast." "Great to see you on this morning you look totally amazing and gorgeous a pure beauty xxx," Paul Crompton praised. (sic) Richard Norris went on to say: "Nice surprise when I switched the TV on." Joe Connelly even called for Luxy to be made a permanent presenter.   He said: "What a breath of fresh air you are @luxmy_g, it's time you had a permanent slot me thinks."(sic) "Beautiful dress Luxmy," Barrie Jaques complimented. While Martin added: "The best Sunday team!! Loving it this morning." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 