Robert Garcia claims that his recent interview with a Spanish outlet in which he was quoted to say that Anthony Joshua 'mentally beat himself' against Oleksandr Usyk has been 'mistranslated'.  Speaking to EsNews, he said: “There’s been a few that I’ve read that they’ve actually sent to me, saying ‘did you really say that?’ I haven’t talked to nobody especially in English you’re the first person I’m talking to. I spoke to a Spanish reporter that I know so I gave him a little interview but from Spanish translated to English they make it seem like, ‘Oh Robert is talking s***’ pretty much. “I wouldn’t say that about my fighters man. I’ve never done it before and I never will.” The interview Garcia is referring to is one he did with IZQUIERDAZO in Spanish. The Legendary trainer has affirmed that the translation into English has made it sound like he was trashing Joshua when he wasn't.    He continued: “The headline is, ‘Robert says Anthony mentally beat himself’ but I never said that.  I said that Usyk after being hurt really bad in the ninth he came in the tenth like that never happened, he came strong which you’ve got to applaud that. So that’s not saying ‘oh Anthony was beat mentally’. Usyk came back strong and dominated those three rounds. Another comment that came out of the piece was that Garcia had branded AJ's actions after the fight in which he stormed out of the ring and threw down the WBA (super) and Ring Magazine belts as 'disrespectful'. In response, he said: "Some reports saying 'Robert says Anthony was disrespectful' but I didn't say that way do you know what I mean? MORE BOXING NEWS... Jake Paul to fight UFC legend Anderson Silva Chisora leaves Love Island stars in stitches with Fury comment KSI raises Tate fight concern as Haye discusses 'ban' after double KO "I said 'look, Usyk being the winner, the champion and Anthony grabbing the belts that's disrespecting the champion'. But Anthony was frustrated. F*** he hates to lose. He came back and apologised and everything was good. "But for all this 'Robert said this, he's talking s*** about Anthony' I would never do that, especially with my fighters. I always support my fighters and when that happened with the belts I was actually on the outside of the ring so I didn't really see it happen or why it happened. "But I thought he was going to show the belts to the people but he threw them and I was a little surprised but then he came back and apologised, so why would I be talking s***? It's frustration, a lot of fighters do that." Joshua is now expected to return to the ring in December against a currently undisclosed opponent. The Watford powerhouse looks likely to continue working with Garcia for this fight but was recently told that he must relocate to California for the camp by his head man.