The Grease actress battled cancer for three decades and the news of her death has left Hollywood heartbroken. Olivia, who died "peacefully" aged 73, has been fighting breast cancer since 1992. In a poignant interview recorded in 2020, which has resurfaced since her death, the Australian icon believed she had beaten cancer for the third time. Olivia “passed away peacefully at her ranch in southern California surrounded by family and friends”. While the actress admitted in the past she had felt "cursed" with cancer following a 30-year battle, she always remained positive. During her lifetime, she was a vocal champion for raising awareness before her untimely death on Monday. Olivia, who is perhaps best known for portraying Sandy in the 1978 hit Grease, was diagnosed with the disease three times. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter Since her death, a heart-wrenching interview has been unearthed where the star was asked about her health. The interview, which is from Channel 10's The Project, was filmed in 2020 during the midst of the coronavirus pandemic. Olivia shed light on her battle with the deadly condition and told the panel, alongside her daughter Chloe Lattanzi, she could see herself beating it once again. She confidently told the hosts she thought her stage four cancer was under control. Presenter Lisa Wilkinson asked the star how her health was to which Olivia exclaimed: "Fantastic!" The singer continued: "Really well. I'm doing really well, thank you. And thank you for all your love and support. I really appreciate it." She explained she felt her stage four cancer had become "much less severe" in the months leading up to that specific interview. The optimistic star said: "I believe your belief system is part of the healing. "All I can know is that my last MRI - which is an exam where they look inside - things are shrinking, going away or staying the same, and I’m living well with it and feeling great." DON'T MISS...Naga says Olivia Newton-John's Sandy ‘annoyed hell out of me’ [UPDATE]Donny Osmond shares heartbreak over 'angel' Olivia Newton-John [TRIBUTE]Olivia Newton-John made heartbreaking admission on death [INSIGHT] The actress shared a "beautiful" photograph with her husband John Easterling just three days before her death. The image showed Olivia's husband with his arms wrapped around her as she leaned gently on his shoulder. Her death less than a week later sent shockwaves across the world, with her fans and fellow actors paying touching tributes to the star. Olivia's Grease co-star John Travolta said in light of his social media followers: "My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. "Your impact was incredible. I love you so much." Stockard Channing, who portrayed Rizzo in Grease, penned: "I don't know if I've known a lovelier human being. "Olivia was the essence of summer - her sunniness, her warmth and her grace are what always comes to mind when I think of her. I will miss her enormously." Rocker Rod Stewart added: "[She's] the perfect lady, gorgeous, with great poise and with a certain Aussie sophistication."