Ronnie O’Sullivan is arguably the greatest snooker player of all time, and now he has compared himself to one of the greatest players in the history of tennis. The Brit etched his name into the history books once again by winning his seventh Snooker world title earlier this year, equalling the record set by Stephen Hendry.  This year also saw The Rocket become the top ranked player in the game once again and he will be eyeing a record eighth title in 2023. The 46-year-old has played at a high level for the vast majority of his 30-year career and went to share his thoughts on comparisons between him and 20-time grand slam tennis champion, Novak Djokovic. “I play to quite a high level for a lot of the time, which is quite difficult,” he told The Breakdown podcast. “It is like playing Djokovic at tennis: you might win the first set, nick it 6-4, and you have to give it everything, but then he starts to get into you and you just see them thinking 'I can't deal with this fella'. “It is a bit like that: you know you have got them, but it is a matter of time and you have to just go through the process. You can't get too confident or cocky, you have just got to go through it. It can be tough. Snooker is a tough sport. You are sitting in your chair and a lot of it is out of your control. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic has three options he must choose from as US Open edges ever closer   “A lot of the time you are sitting in your chair and you have to process a lot of this dialogue in your head.” Having played on the snooker tour for as long as he has, O’Sullivan has faced several types of snooker players who approach the game in different ways. The sporting legend seemed to state that their mindset for competition may depend on their personality. “There are certain players that you just think are not up for the fight,” he shared. “They are great players or very good players, but you just know that they don't believe that they can beat you, and you kind of have an easier time against those guys. “It is not their fault, it is just their personalities. They are just nice guys. It is like Barry Hawkins: he is such a nice guy and a fantastic player, but because he is so nice he doesn't bring the fight enough.” On the other hand, O’Sullivan shared his experience of dealing with more dogged players that are very tough to beat. “You know, you have got to have a bit of that niggly... then there are other players who are nowhere near as good as Barry Hawkins, but they are like Jack Russell-type people,” he said. “You just think, 'this geezer is never going to give in' so you have to just batter them and batter them and put them away. “But you think 'mate, if this was a boxing match they would have stopped it ages ago'. But this geezer is still believing and you think 'wow, man!' 