If you don’t own a hosepipe, perhaps you could "shower less", "reuse water" or opt for the "short flush" function on your loo, as Niko Wanders of Utrecht University has suggested. If things are getting really desperate, maybe even skip a few cups of tea. Rarely a day goes by when individuals are not urged to make changes to protect a natural resource. And now it’s been decided that water must be conserved in this driest of summers. So hosepiping your plants, lawn or car is forbidden. But rather than ask what consumers can do when we’re already in a drought, it might be worth exploring whether anything was amiss before the water journeyed to our taps. It emerged this week that water companies sold reservoirs that could have eased the current crisis. Thames Water has flogged 25 reservoirs since the 1980s, The Daily Telegraph reports. It was just one of the companies that decided not to keep these reserves for difficult times ahead. The money generated from sales has not yet been used to replace those reservoirs with a slew of new ones. In fact, not a single reservoir has been built in the last 30 years in Britain. Water UK this week assured us that one will be completed… by 2030. That’s hardly enough to cope with drought conditions that have been forecast until October. And what about the facilities we currently have? Well, they don’t seem to be particularly up-to-scratch given that British water firms lose 2.4billion litres a day to leaks, as reported in the Times just weeks ago. And so it’s left to those with the least power to conserve water during a blisteringly hot summer. How have we found ourselves in a situation in which we demand paying customers limit their usage rather than one in which we ensure that billions of litres aren’t lost every day? A hosepipe ban can be effective if everybody follows the rules. But if the very water each of those customers is trying to save is from leaky old reservoirs, you can forgive people for feeling that the damage is largely done before they make their contribution to this effort. It’s understandable that people feel frustrated with trigger-happy hosepipe users who care more about the shininess of their cars than conserving water when an official drought is declared. However, this frustration seems to be a waste of energy that could be channelled in a far more productive direction - by demanding better from our water suppliers. Because you wouldn’t have cause to be annoyed at your neighbour were it not for the billions bursting from our badly maintained reservoirs every single day. 