Every year, Cliff Richard releases a new calendar for his fans, and 2023 will mark his 43rd year. In the early days of his career, the 81-year-old released a selection of topless snaps for the calendar. However, more recently, the Congratulations hitmaker has decided to go for a more reserved look. Discussing the launch of his calendar on Thursday's Lorraine, Ranvir began: "Cliff Richard is gearing up to release his 43rd calendar." "This is a first look at his 2023 calendar," the host continued as the images popped up on the screen. "The 81-year-old pop star has opted for a selection of images, but he decided to stay dressed for this one I've been informed, after previously stripping off shirtless pictures in previous years." Turning her attention to how ageless he looks, Ranvir praised: "What a handsome man." READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit As they looked at some of the photographs from the calendar, Andi was stunned by one image in particular. Commenting on the image of Cliff, who posed with a basketball, Andi said: "That first picture of him playing basketball is a sensational picture." "They're great, aren't they?" Ranvir replied as a stunned Andi added: "For his age, they really are, yeah. "I said, 'Is it doctored?' as I thought they'd stuff his head on somebody else's body." "It's amazing," Andi beamed before Ranvir said: "He knows how to stay fit, doesn't he?" Fans are also excited by Cliff's upcoming calendar, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Bryony McKenna wrote: "Always looks top of his game and handsome." Lacey said: "YAY!!! Definitely, a must-have. Just love your calendars, Sir Cliff." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe [REACTION] Scarlette Douglas’ brother shares concerns over new role [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'in tears' as 'hero' helps elderly with free handiwork  [VIDEO] While user @FairyofYorks added: "I like the August picture on the 2022 one. In a pool, with a drink. I'm all for that." During Cliff's latest performance at Wimbledon, fans also complimented the singer on his youthful appearance. In the past, the pop star has spoken about his secret to his youthful appearance. “I always say to people, you know, just keep moving. If you can run, run. If you can't run, walk. If you can't walk, crawl," he said in a previous interview. "Just keep everything moving and I think that's helped me a great deal. "Some people just don't age well, but you can still age and be happy. "I don't even know what I look like now, but you don't have to look 20 to have fun. “You can still have fun within your age group within your standard of tennis playing, or whatever sport you choose to do. That's what I do. I still keep active." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.