Last week, the Bank of England announced it was increasing the nation’s base rate by 0.50 percent to 1.75 percent. This decision was made by the central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) to address the soaring inflation rate which is hurting savers and consumers. As it stands, inflation in the UK is at 9.4 percent but is expected to exceed 13 percent in the coming months. Furthermore, the Bank of England warned inflation will likely remain high for the next year and the UK is heading towards a recession. In the past six months, the financial institution has raised interest rates to prevent further economic downturn. This most recent intervention from the central bank is the sixth consecutive rate hike in a row. However, financial experts are sounding the alarm that further interest rates increases will push the UK into a “much deeper recession”. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Walid Koudmani, the chief market analyst at financial brokerage, XTB, outlined the grim situation facing Britain's economy. Mr Koudmani explained: "We saw investors sell out of their pound sterling positions in reaction to the UK's biggest interest rate hike in 27 years. “The hike itself was widely expected but the moods of GBP investors dampened from the negative rhetoric from the Bank of England itself on the UK's economic outlook. “The UK central bank expects the UK economy to shrink in the final quarter of this year and suffer from a recession for all of 2023. This marks a stark turn in their projections." The financial expert also noted that the country’s central bank no longer has many options to avoid the likely recession in the coming months. He added: “The Bank of England is stuck in between a rock and a hard place. On the one hand, inflation is now expected to peak at 13 percent. “This is far higher than recent projections and would normally force them to act faster to hike interest rates to curtail this cost pressure. “Yet on the other hand, they expect UK economic activity to shrink and continue to do so for around the same time as the previous financial crisis. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments “In that sense, they simply cannot move too far on rates or they will lock in a much deeper recession.” Mortgage holders and those in debt are likely to be among the many that will be worse by conditions where rate rises. Despite many banks and building societies passing down the Bank of England’s rate hike to their customers, savers are unlikely to get a return due to the extremely high inflation rate. However, it may be too late to enact positive change through rate increases, according to Mr Koudmani. “A suspicious person might think 'Are they trying to talk down inflation by warning about economic activity?' Time will tell,” he said. “The market does however continue to think the Bank of England moved too slowly on interest rates initially and now they are unable to chase their tail either due to the drop in UK economic activity. “This doesn't spell good news for the UK pound." The Bank of England is set to announce potential further changes to the base rate in September 2022.