Sky News’ Kay Burley listed a number of Mr Sunak’s former cabinet colleagues, including Ben Wallace, the defence minister, and Priti Patel, the home secretary, who claimed the former chancellor had “objected” to their plans. Mr Sunak, in response, suggested that he was not objecting so much as “checking that the [schemes] could actually work”, implying that the likes of Ms Patel had not properly thought out their proposals. He later added that what differentiated him from his other cabinet ministers was that he “delivered” on policy, as evinced by his furlough scheme during the pandemic.    Ms Burley said: “Ben Wallace said you had to be overruled on defence spending. Priti Patel, the home secretary, reportedly said that you objected to the Rwanda plan during a written discussion between the departments. “Brandon Lewis, the former Northern Ireland secretary, has accused you of putting up huge resistance to efforts to override the Northern Ireland protocol. “It looks as though there is a recurring theme there, doesn’t it. You say one thing in private and then you say something else for voter consumption.So, should we believe them or should we believe you?” Mr Sunak said: “Look, do I ask tough questions when cabinet ministers come to me and say ‘Oh, I would like to do this new thing’? Yes, I do, because my job is to make sure that you and everyone else that is watching has their money spent properly.    “I would not be doing my job properly if everytime some cabinet minister came to me and said ‘Ooh, please can I have x billion pounds for this new thing’, I don’t say ‘Well, hang on, let me just check that this is actually going to work’. “You’re asking exactly the questions that I was asking [of cabinet ministers], so if Priti Patel or anyone else is going to say they now express some doubts about it, it was doubts about how they were going to make it work. “It’s not good enough for the government to just announce things. It’s not good enough to just put out a press release. What you need to do is deliver things. I think what people see from me as chancellor during the pandemic was that I could deliver things.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan gives opinion on EXACTLY who he thinks should be next PM    Mr Sunak also attacked the policies of his Tory leadership rival Liz Truss, warning that her economic strategy will damage the nation, saying that pouring “fuel on the fire” will cause “misery for millions” after she insisted her tax cuts could avert the recession forecast by the Bank of England. Ms Truss, the foreign secretary and another former fellow cabinet minister of Mr Sunak, used the televised debate to warn of “very, very difficult times” if “bold” action was not taken. But Mr Sunak, a former chancellor, struck back with fears her vision “will make the situation worse”, on the day the Bank warned inflation could peak at 13.3 percent in October. Interest rates were raised to the highest level in nearly three decades, from 1.25 percent to 1.75 percent, worsening the pain for mortgage holders, before the Bank predicted the economy will plunge into the longest recession since the financial crisis in 2008. DON'T MISS: Truss refuses to visit Taiwan but claims it ‘MUST be defended’ [REVEAL] Jacob Rees-Mogg answers YOUR questions on Brexit, Boris and more [OPINION] Tory leadership LIVE: Rishi WINS Sky debate after rallying call  [LIVE]    Rishi Sunak was partaking of the third and final televised debate of the Tory leadership campaign, though he and Liz Truss will attend several more hustings across the country in the next month. A final husting will take place in London on August 31, after which the deadline for Tory party members to cast their ballot vote arrives on September 2. The final vote count will be announced on September 5, with the new Prime Minister officially instated the following day. At the time of writing, Liz Truss is the favourite to win the leadership, with roughly 58 percent of the Tory party members’ vote. READ NEXT: Who will be the next Prime Minister? Latest updates as polls unitedPOLL: Do you want Boris Johnson to stay as Prime Minister?Boris supporter still 'hopes' Johnson to be included in final ballotWho won latest Tory leadership debate – Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak? VOTESunak drops huge inheritance tax hint with vow to 'reward' Britons  