Deontay Wilder has ripped into Anthony Joshua’s team after an offer was tabled to stage a contest between the pair. The Bronze Bomber claims “they did everything to avoid the fight” but is still open to making it happen. In a recent interview, Joshua’s promoter, Eddie Hearn lifted the lid on a ‘big money offer’ he has in place for Deontay Wilder but claimed at the time that he hadn’t received any word back. Talking to Seconds Out, he said: "I actually reached out to Shelly Finkel the other day because I have got so much money for Deontay Wilder in an offer, but they never come back to me, so I don’t know whether Deontay Wilder doesn’t want to hear about that offer or whatever." In response to Hearn’s comments, Wilder fired back by accusing Hearn and co of ducking the fight over the years. "Everybody picked me to beat Joshua and that’s the reason why they didn’t want to make the fight before," Wilder replied in an ESNews interview. "That was the reason why they took me on a six-month rollercoaster because they did everything to avoid the fight [with me]. They did not want to fight. "Fast forward years and now we’re seeing it [the Joshua team wanting to make the fight with Wilder]. We’ll see [if it happens] because we ain’t bulls***ing. I hate talking about those guys because they put a bad taste in my mouth every time. These promoters, managers and sh*t like that get in the way of big fights happening because of their greed. "Boxing is a business and I’m here, to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. I have no reason to lie in this gladiator sport, but some people are choosing not to believe what I say when I tell the truth." Joshua is expected to return to the ring in December after losing his second fight to Oleksandr Usyk two weeks ago. However, if a fight is to be made with Wilder next, then the Watford powerhouse will have to delay his comeback by a few months to ensure Wilder comes through his upcoming bout. The former WBC heavyweight champion faces former sparring partner Robert Helenius on October 15 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York City – 12 months after Wilder’s devastating knockout loss to Tyson Fury.