Contrary to popular belief, people can stay fit and build muscle despite training less. While spending hours in the gym each week will help them lose weight and tone up, experts explain slimmers need to do this alongside a proper nutritional diet to see results quickly. Personal trainer Wayne Griffins at Breaking Muscle, explained that many of his clients demonstrate a desire to consistently train hard, but do not give the same attention to their nutrition. This leads to a wasted effort on training and sabotaging their own success. He said: "Don’t sabotage your gains with poor nutrition. "This is an extremely common practice that needs to be avoided in order to meet your goals." Nutrition is often being seen as a complicated topic and therefore gets avoided by many. A common misconception for those wanting to lose wight fast or grow muscle fast, Wayne assured "it's not as scary as it may appear". "It is important add it to your daily meal routine," he said of his top 10 foods to eat. "[There] are 'right' foods to add to your recipes and it shows that educating yourself on nutrition is not as scary as it may appear." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Foods that will help for general fitness maintenance or muscle mass gain include: Lean beef should be a staple of a person's diet if they want to gain muscle mass. It is loaded with many things that promote muscle growth including iron, zinc and vitamin B. It also provides the body with high-quality protein, and a high level of amino acid that works with insulin for muscle growth. Wayne recommended for those who are trying to lose weight to try a a 3oz serving of lean beef, which provides roughly the same amount of protein as 1.5cups of beans but at half the calories. Hailed a weight loss "must", fruit and veg are rich sources of antioxidants, aiding digestion and nutrient uptake. Not only that, but they also provide tons of other nutrients, such as vitamin C, vitamin E, and beta-carotene. These are essential for the healthy functioning of people's immune system. DON'T MISS... Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Oatmeal is a dieter's go-to carbohydrates due to both its low glycemic index (GI) value and the fact it is minimally processed. Wayne revealed the benefits of a low-GI diet include: Better micronutrient profile and more fibre Increased satiety Decreased hunger Lower subsequent energy intake (second meal effect) Fat loss "In short, low-GI foods can enhance fat loss for those looking to lose weight, and provide a constant source of carbs for muscle preservation," he said. Fish is high in protein, low in fat, and rich in omega-3 fatty acids. The omega-3s are essential because they aid in fat loss and ensure the proper function of the body processes, such as metabolism. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Chicken has long been favoured by athletes and features in many weight loss diets. This is because it is an excellent source of high-quality protein, which is important for muscle maintenance and repair, bone health and weight management. Cottage cheese is a good source of vitamin B12, calcium and other important nutrients, but it is also packed full of one very important micronutrient too. Not many people know this but cottage cheese is almost entirely pure casein protein," Wayne revealed. Casein is a slow-digesting protein, meaning it is perfect for muscle maintenance. "This is useful especially for people who have no choice but to go long periods without eating," he added, as it's high in satiety. Eggs contain high-quality protein, nine essential amino acids, choline, the right kind of fat, and vitamin D. Whole grains digest more efficiently and provide more nutrients than refined grains, promoting sustained energy levels and overall health. Bown rice especially can help boost growth hormone levels, which are "critical" for encouraging lean muscle growth, fat loss, and strength gains. Consuming fats of any kind can be worrying for fitness fanatics but Wayne noted that good fats (polyunsaturated and monounsaturated) are "essential" or muscle growth, rich in omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. He said: "They play an essential role in hormone production (testosterone and growth hormones), which helps drive muscle growth and strength gains. "[And] fats are needed for many important maintenance functions." Good fats can be found in: Salmon and other fish Nuts Leafy veg Oils Flaxseed Avocados Seeds For those needing a quick protein fix, Wayne suggested using whey protein as a boost. "There is a reason why whey protein supplements are the most popular supplement in the fitness industry," he said. "They provide a fast and convenient source of protein at an affordable price. "Bodybuilders normally use them when they wake up, right after their workout, and mixed with some of their meals." He said for average gym-goes, one scoop right after a workout can be "very effective" for muscle mass gains. But Wayne noted it’s important that people still get high-quality protein from whole foods, and only use whey protein as a boost.