The new Globe Theatre production presents the life of Joan of Arc with the legendary French saint identifying as neither male nor female. Bosses at the London based venue have said the play - I, Joan - will offer audiences the possibility of another point of view. Joan is played by Isobel Thom, who uses the pronouns they and them. News of the play sparked an outcry on social media with journalist Allison Pearson tweeting: "When I was a child, I had a book of inspiring women through history. Joan of Arc was one. That book and those amazing women meant a lot to a timid little girl. How dare @the_globe try to cancel history's inspirational women." Heather Binning from Women's Rights Network told MailOnline the play was damaging to women. She said: "This demonstrates just how our arts and creative industries have taken on the woke mantle without realising that 'being kind' to one group of people actually hurts and damages another important and fundamental group.  "Joan of Arc was female... To rewrite female history is an insult. Using they\them pronouns for an individual is grammatically incorrect and ugly, and confusing to many in society who struggle with language." Dr Sarah Rutherford told the same publication the idea Joan of Arc could be non-binary was insulting. She said: "This offends me. Joan of Arc is a female cultural icon. She was escaping the constraints of being a woman at that time. Non binary, I have been told, means neither male or female. "We know she was a woman. Please stop applying a modern nonsensical ideology to historical figures."  READ MORE ABOUT UKRAINE SAVAGING MICK LYNCH But theatre-goers at last Thursday's opening night defended the portrayal, arguing the production would help raise awareness. Theatre regular, Neil McDonald, 41, who identifies as non-binary, hailed the play for embracing trans issues. They told Express.co.uk: "It's saying not everyone is who we have been told they are by the media and history books. We don't know what an all-encompassing person Joan was. It's good we have different retellings of these characters and help to bring awareness to others as well. "We don't know for sure who Joan was, but many other historical characters have been played in different ways before. The story of Joan still exists, Joan is not being cancelled. There's almost a full theatre here tonight. Sadly, we live in a transphobic society."  DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [REVEALED] Prince William 'jumped in a car to confront Harry' - claim [REPORT] Royal Family: Nothing ever enough! Meghan backlash [OPINION] Asked if the play would advance the cause, they added: "I hope so, particularly around people being non-binary. It's an identity that's dismissed by a lot of commentators. If more people can be aware of marginalised identities, it's a good thing." On whether the casting cancels women, a student, who was also at the opening performance but did not want to be named, said: "I fundamentally disagree. Use of the word 'cancel' is playing into this sort of cancel culture fear people have. I don't think any woman is getting cancelled or erased. It's about creating new characters and new visibilities for people. "With these big, cultural and historical stories, it's exciting and important to revisit them and put them in a relevant, modern and contemporary context. This play is not cancelling women. It's not saying women can't occupy public spaces. It's important these stories can be occupied and be relevant for as many people as possible. "I'm not saying it's not important that Joan of Arc was a woman. This is theatre, this is not history. What I take issue with is the idea of cancelling women. This play is saying non-binary people can occupy these stories, see themselves in these stories and see a story that reflects their lived experience."  The 25-year-old added Joan of Arc was a woman who was marginalized in her own time and that experience is shared by non-binary and trans people. She said: "We all have our differences but can all sit around the table... and work together for a better future. [The play] doesn't cancel women, it expands shared experience." The play tells the story of Joan of Arc's military campaigns, capture by the enemy, trial and execution. It includes the line: "I am not a woman. I am a f***ing warrior" as well as the main character adopting the pronouns "they/them".  Michelle Terry, The Globe's artistic director, said: "For centuries, Joan has been a cultural icon portrayed in countless plays, books, films, etc. "History has provided countless and wonderful examples of Joan portrayed as a woman. This production is simply offering the possibility of another point of view. "That is the role of theatre: to simply ask the question 'imagine if?'." 