Arsenal kept up their 100 per cent record to start the season in dramatic fashion on Saturday evening with Gabriel taking all the headlines. The Gunners defender had made the unforgivable mistake of dwindling on the ball for too long on his own box with Aleksandar Mitrovic pouncing to give Fulham the lead. Martin Odegaard then equalised before Gabriel of all people turned from villain to hero with a late winner. Express Sport rates the Gunners' performances. Couldn't do much for Mitrovic's goal but was at his very best a few minutes later to prevent Arsenal going down for a second time. Solid display from Ben White once again in his unfavoured full-back position. Shifted more centrally towards the end and Arsenal looked much stronger for it. Unforgivable from Gabriel for Mitrovic's goal and that looked to be the biggest moment of the match. But incredibly he turned the game on its head with a late winner after wanting it most in a goalmouth scramble. Huge from the defender at the end. While Gabriel was guilty of sloppiness, there was nothing sloppy about Saliba's display. The Frenchman is quickly growing into one of the most talented defenders in the Premier League. Couldn't really get going on his first start of the Premier League season. Huffed and puffed down the left wing in the first half, but ran out of steam in the second. The Switzerland international is playing in a more advanced role in midfield nowadays and has looked effective at times, but Would have found out late that he was stepping in for Thomas Partey and put in a strong display to keep Fulham's playmakers quiet. Real captains performance from Odegaard and pulled Arsenal back in the game with his deflected shot. Relatively quiet game from the England international largely due to Antonee Robinson frustrating him throughout. Was a huge creative force and arguably Arsenal's biggest threat throughout the match, just missing the final ball today. Started the game on fire but grew frustrated at a lack of the ball to his feet and was largely quiet when Arsenal needed him most. Provided the spark to Arsenal's attack when he was brought on. Should have scored before Gabriel but it was his introduction that changed things.