Alan Sugar, known for hosting The Apprentice, has branded Boris and Gove as the "biggest liars of 2016" for the infamous "red bus" that implied the £350million sent to the EU each week would instead be used to fund the NHS following Brexit. The bus made headlines back in 2016 and was a major turning point for the Brexit campaign thanks to the promise splashed on the side. It read: "We send the EU £350 million a week. Let's fund out NHS instead. Vote Leave."  The big red Brexit bus was used as part of the Leave campaign ahead of the referendum. But despite the bold claim, the promise has not been followed through since the UK left the EU five years on. Raging to his five million followers on Twitter, Lord Sugar wrote: "The biggest liars in 2016 was Boris and Gove with the red bus. They should both go to Jail. As a chairman of a public company if I mislead or lied to my shareholders ( in this case the public ) I would be sent to jail." He quote tweeted an image that read: "Brexit has not worked. There are no opportunities. It was all based on lies. The sooner we admit this the better."  READ MORE: BBC boss faces MP grilling for 'breaking bias promise' People flocked to agree with Lord Sugar, with user @dplessey100 adding that Matthew Elliot who "masterminded it" needs to "face justice". On the day Article 50 was involved, Matthew Elliot, who was the Leave Campaign's chief executive, reportedly said he was confident everything would be wrapped up within two years and that "all the problems that you traditionally have with a trade negotiation aren't there". Brits have been slamming Brexit as "fraud" after claims the promises made were not kept. But some have defended the Brexit bus and Boris and Gove's claims, with user @revoltingp claiming: "The £350million a week was exceeded years ago. Last time I checked the NHS were receiving around an extra £460million a week since the bus was sign written. I'm sure it's even more than that now though."  DON'T MISS:Putin could 'follow Hitler's suit' if Russia lose the war [COMMENT]US Warships sail near Taiwan [PICTURES]Unsatisfied beachgoers moan about British seashore in bizarre reviews [INSIGHT] People quickly responded to this claim, with user @canaryandy saying: "That money was funded from additional government borrowing. "We didn't need to leave the EU to do that, did we? "In fact it would have been far easier to fund the NHS as we do today if we were still in the EU, because tax revenues would be £40billion higher." 