YouTuber-turned-boxer KSI has compared himself to heavyweight stalwart Deontay Wilder after defeating both Swarmz and Luis Pineda on Saturday night. KSI fought twice in one night at The O2 Arena in London, and on both occasions won via knockout. His first bout on the card came against rapper Swarmz, and the 29-year-old YouTuber, singer and boxer made light work of it, winning the one-sided clash in two rounds. After a break, KSI made his return to the ring to face professional boxer Pineda, and it was more of the same for the Brit. As a result, he made it two in two in London, landing his second knockout of the night to defeat the professional fighter in the third round. Clearly pleased with his double whammy win, KSI bravely went on to compare himself to one of the best in the business in former heavyweight champion Wilder. JUST IN: KSI calls out Tommy Fury and Andrew Tate after two wins in one night but snubs Jake Paul  The 29-year-old said: “These guys think they can mess with me, but once they feel the power, it's dangerous bro. I'm moving like Deontay Wilder in these streets, man. It's scary, no-one wants it." KSI is set to make a return to the boxing ring in January, and the YouTuber already has a long list of opponents he would like to take on. Speaking afterwards he revealed he would be willing to fight fellow YouTuber Slim Albaher, Andrew Tate, the winner of Austin McBroom vs AnEsonGib or professional boxer Tommy Fury. DON'T MISSRahman Jr announces next fight against MMA legend after Paul pull outKSI knocks out Swarmz as he sends rapper spinning around the ringJoshua has two 'must-make' fights Hearn wants as well as Fury bout Following the call out, Fury - brother of heavyweight champion of the world Tyson - was quick to respond. He took to Twitter, telling the YouTube sensation: “You know where to find me.” KSI’s promoter Kalle Sauerland revealed last week that Fury was considered as a replacement after the star’s original opponent Alex Wassabi dropped out. Sauerland said: “We didn't approach him but we were thinking about it before we went down the two fight route. We were thinking about putting the feelers out there but we understood he wasn't in the right physical shape to come in on shorter notice which is fair enough. But yeah why not in the future?"