John Travolta, 68, has led tributes to his beloved friend and fellow actress Olivia Newton-John who has died aged 73. The on-screen veterans worked alongside each other in the US classic musical Grease. Taking to Instagram today, John paid tribute to his "dearest" Olivia as he declared the two "will be together again". In view of his 3.9 million followers, the actor penned an emotional message, which read: "My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. Your impact was incredible. I love you so much. We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. Yours from the moment I saw you and forever!" He signed off: "Your Danny, your John!" Celebrity pals and fans alike flocked to comment on John's post as they offered their condolences. READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John dead: Grease actress dies aged 73 Actor and presenter Mario Lopez replied with heart emojis. Champagne Tina penned: "Beautiful words for a beautiful lady." Ginster commented: "I have no words." Liza added: "This one hurts. May she rest in peace." Other celebrities also paid tribute to the singer and actress including Star Trek's George Takei, who wrote: "We have lost a great, iconic artist in Olivia Newton John, gone too soon from us at age 73. I trust she is now in the great Xanadu beyond. Know that we are forever hopelessly devoted to you, Olivia. Rest in song and mirth." Actor Will Mellor penned: "Can’t believe it! She was my first crush after watching 'Grease' as a kid! #RIPOLIVIANEWTONJOHN." Nigella Lawson wrote: "Her memory is already a blessing." James Jordan commented: "So sad to hear about Olivia Newton-John. She was always my dads celebrity crush and I’m sure he will be waiting to meet her for a dance. RIP."    Olivia famously played Sandy in the 1978 musical Grease alongside John who played the character Danny. Already a huge country star, the Australian singer was reluctant to star at first as she was too old to play a high-schooler (she turned 29 while shooting) but this was easily Olivia's biggest career move. She went on to have more pop success with songs such as Physical, and has been touring ever since. The singer and actress played 175 shows as part of her Las Vegas residency from 2014 to 2016. In May 2017, it was announced that her breast cancer had returned and metastasized to her lower back. DON'T MISS... Monty Don in emotional embrace with 'bemused' new family arrival[LATEST]Kevin Bacon unveils ageless appearance just days before sad loss[PICTURES]Ralf Little told 'easy to spout with your coin' in savage row[TWITTER] She had first been diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992 and received the news the same weekend her father died. In March 2018, she gave an update on her condition, saying she felt "really good". In a short statement, her husband John Easterling said she had died at her California ranch on Monday morning. A statement from her official Facebook page read: “Dame Olivia Newton-John (73) passed away peacefully at her Ranch in Southern California this morning, surrounded by family and friends. “We ask that everyone please respect the family’s privacy during this very difficult time.” "Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer. Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer. "In lieu of flowers, the family asks that any donations be made in her memory to the @onjfoundation." It continued: "Olivia is survived by her husband John Easterling; daughter Chloe Lattanzi; sister Sarah Newton-John; brother Toby Newton-John; nieces and nephews Tottie, Fiona and Brett Goldsmith; Emerson, Charlie, Zac, Jeremy, Randall, and Pierz Newton-John; Jude Newton-Stock, Layla Lee; Kira and Tasha Edelstein; and Brin and Valerie Hall."