Paul Merson believes Manchester United's summer activity so far has been "embarrassing" and can't understand why Erik ten Hag didn't make a move to try and sign Conor Coady before Everton swooped in. Lisandro Martinez is so far the only main signing at Old Trafford this summer while Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen have also joined. Neither Martinez or Eriksen were able to impress on their debut last week as United fell to a frustrating opening-day defeat to Brighton. And United head into their second game of the season against Brentford with no more incomings despite increased reports of talks taking place. Marko Arnautovic emerged as a target for the Red Devils last weekend before they quickly retracted their interest following backlash from fans. Frenkie de Jong remains the club's main target in midfield, although discussions are also taking place with Juventus for the signing of Adrien Rabiot. More defensive recruits are expected while a striker may also be signed with Cristiano Ronaldo's future uncertain. Ten Hag is running out of time with just two weeks left of the window now and Merson has taken aim at the club for their transfer strategy.  The former Gunners star also believes United missed a trick in not going to sign Coady and change their formation to play three central defenders. “This is where it’s mind-blowing – no one wants to go to Manchester United," he said on Sky Sports. “Footballers are not silly, every club pays money now and United are no longer the only big players. The most-embarrassing thing now is that they are going for players like Marko Arnautovic.  “I like Arnautovic, but United are now going for £7m or £8m players. United should’ve been going for someone like Conor Coady. “They need to play three at the back, Maguire can’t run so they need to play a five-man defence to get the best out of Maguire. In a back three Maguire can carry the ball out, pass from the back, and defend tighter, but he can’t do that in a four. “With a Coady in the team they wouldn’t have to play McTominay and Fred because that protection is already there.”