Wolves star Pedro Neto would reportedly be ‘tempted’ by a move to Arsenal this summer, with the north London outfit keen to bolster their attacking ranks. The winger has been cited as the Gunners’ top target heading into the closing stages of the transfer window. Arsenal are reaping the benefits of their early, smart business over the past few months as they sit top of the Premier League having won all of their opening four matches of the season. They face Aston Villa and Manchester United later this month as they look to extend their lead at the top. The arrival of Gabriel Jesus has sparked a massive improvement at the Emirates Stadium, with the Brazilian appearing to be the final piece of the puzzle in the final third. But Arteta is not overly convinced by his depth up top and wants to sign another winger in the remaining days of the window. Fabrizio Romano has reported that target Neto is keen to join Arsenal this summer, though he is not forcing the move and won't go on strike like team-mate Willy Boly did to try and secure his move to Nottingham Forest. Speaking on his 'Here We Go' podcast, he said: “Neto would be really tempted by Arsenal. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical "I am told the player is another factor in this story. He is not forcing anything, as of now, but he will be keen to move to Arsenal. Pedro Neto is their main target as the winger.” Neto penned a new five-year deal with Wolves earlier this year so that he is under contract with the club until 2027, meaning that Bruno Lage’s side holds all of the aces in negotiations. It is reported that the Molineux outfit will demand over £50million for Neto, though Arsenal do have other targets if they are not willing to meet that asking price. Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha and Villarreal's Yeremy Pino have both been linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium this summer. However, attention could turn away from signing a winger and rather to recruiting a central midfielder as The Athletic have revealed that Mohamed Elneny sustained an injury against Fulham that will leave him sidelined for a 'considerable spell’. Leicester City star Youri Tielemans has been heavily linked with Arsenal over the summer and the news could be enough for Arteta to push for his side to pursue the Belgium international more vigorously. Tielemans is set to become a free agent next summer having refused to sign a contract extension at the King Power Stadium earlier this year – meaning he may be available for a cut-price fee.