Michelle Ballantyne, the Leader of Reform UK Scotland, also lambasted the country’s SNP Government for requesting references to England’s 1966 World Cup win also be removed the book, titled Queen Elizabeth: A Platinum Jubilee Celebration. In a series of emails, the Scottish Government requested a total of 52 changes to be made to the text of the book, intended as a gift for children across the UK, from reception to year six. One asked for references to Brexit to be stripped out, citing what was referred to as its “highly divisive” impact. Another called for the removal of all references to England’s World Cup win, dismissing it as “an event that doesn’t seem to merit this level of exposure - and it’s not that relevant in the non-England parts of the UK”. In the end, the Scottish Government refused to endorse the book, meaning schools had to opt-in online in order to receive copies. A message to both the UK Government and publishers DK Books explained: “The Scottish Government is not content to be acknowledged at all in the development or production of this book”. Ms Ballantyne, a former member of the Scottish Parliament who quit the Tories for Reform UK in 2020, told Express.co.uk: “To deny children the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee book shows just how desperate the Scottish Government is to brainwash our children by rewriting history to suit their cause. “The idea of not mentioning Brexit, one of the major events of the Queens reign, is just ridiculous. JUST IN: Ukraine general highlights TWO signs of Putin body doubles “Over one million Scots voted to leave the EU in the Brexit vote, but the SNP believes it is too divisive to mention. “I suspect that’s because it will be a major block to their dreams of separation as it would guarantee a hard border with England.” Ms Ballantyne added: “Suggesting that England winning the World Cup should be deleted as irrelevant is so partisan. DON'T MISSRussian military positions obliterated by Ukrainian forces [VIDEO]Putin 'eating handily' into Moscow reserves as Russia on brink [INSIGHT]China's aggression against Taiwan risks war in Asia: 'Pick a side!' [ANALYSIS] “Can you imagine that suggestion if Scotland had won in 1966?!” She said of Ms Sturgeon’s administration: “Their petty endeavours to create disharmony have served only to show our children how the SNP will deny them free gifts if it isn’t a potential vote winner for them. “I hope our headteachers haven’t fallen for this political interference and have opted in to give our children the lovely book commemorating an amazing lady who has shown us what duty and loyalty to your country really looks like.” Commenting earlier this week, Donald Cameron, the Scottish Tories’ Shadow Constitution Secretary, told the Telegraph: “The request for mention of England’s 1966 World Cup win to be removed appears ridiculous and petty. “For the sake of the Queen, you’d think the nationalists could take a day off from their bitter and obsessive agenda.” In the 2016 referendum, Scotland voted against leaving the European Union by 62 percent to 38 percent, in contrast to the UK as a whole, which backed Brexit 52-48. The World Cup final, in which England beat West Germany 4-2 after extra time, remains the most-watched event ever on British television, attracting 32.3 million viewers . A Scottish government spokesman said: “The book is a UK Government project and they are responsible for its content, development and distribution. “Scottish government officials were given sight of drafts and provided feedback to the Department for Education upon request.” Express.co.uk has offered the Scottish Government a chance to respond to Ms Ballantyne’s remarks.