The Premier League once again has led its competitors in terms of money spent this summer, with Manchester United, Chelsea, Liverpool, Tottenham and Arsenal all strengthening ahead of the new season. Clubs still have until the end of the month to complete their transfer business, but the five teams have already spent over £500million this summer. Here Express Sport rates the business of each of the five clubs. After finishing sixth last season and appointing new boss Erik ten Hag, United are the club on this list which needed the most investment going into the new season, yet only Lisandro Martnez, Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen have arrived this summer. All three will likely improve the Red Devils, but significant holes in the team are yet to be fixed. The club have chased Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona all summer and appear no closer to getting the Dutchman’s signature, while the future of Cristiano Ronaldo is still up in the air. If the Portuguese forward does get his wish and leaves the club, at least one new forward will need to be brought in, but the midfield issues that plagued United last season still have not been resolved and there are still questions at full-back and concerns over whether David de Gea needs to be replaced with a goalkeeper more adept with the ball at his feet. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes Frenkie de Jong transfer declaration Thomas Tuchel has bemoaned his club’s lack of activity in the transfer market at several points in the summer, but it appears that the Blues are just getting into their stride in the window under new co-owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly, and this rating is likely to be higher at the end of the month. Raheem Sterling will add much-needed goals up top, but there are still question marks regarding whether another striker is needed in order for the Blues to compete with Manchester City and Liverpool. Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella are strong additions to a defence that needed reinforcements and it feels like Chelsea are one or two more pieces away from an extremely strong window. Jurgen Klopp’s side replaced Sadio Mane with Darwin Nunez and despite losing a club icon to Bayern Munich, brought a very promising striker in who could flourish alongside Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz. Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsay were brought in as young, depth options that will help Liverpool now and in the future, but there is a feeling that another midfield purchase could have taken the Reds to the next level. Borussia Dortmund’s Jude Bellingham has been linked with a move to Anfield and he would be a player that could transform Liverpool’s midfield, but a move is unlikely to happen until next summer. READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea 'internally discuss offering midfielder' to Leicester in Wesley Fofana swap bidChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activity JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes Frenkie de Jong transfer declaration  Antonio Conte demanded an improvement to his squad after finishing fourth last season, and the club swiftly brought in six players to bolster the squad. The depth at the club is much greater as Richarlison can rotate with Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski, Yves Bissouma provides competition to Rodrigo Bentancur and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Clement Lenglet will compete with Ben Davies in the back three. Ivan Perisic is the perfect Conte wing-back and when fully fit, will provide another huge threat down the Spurs left-hand side. The Croatian is another goal threat alongside the front three, and could make a huge difference this season. The Gunners have addressed some key issues that hurt Mikel Arteta’s young side last season, as evidenced by their 2-0 win away to Crystal Palace on Friday night. Gabriel Jesus looked electric despite not capping his debut with a goal, and Oleksandr Zinchenko was influential down the left flank. Arsenal have brought in two players who have won multiple Premier League titles with Manchester City and will only help their problem with inexperience, and in the Brazilian have a striker capable of taking them to the next level.