Zaraah Abrahams made her request very clear to EastEnders' showrunners about the future of her character. Chelsea Fox has been front and centre of some explosive storylines in EastEnders this year and the actor is looking forward to welcoming some more desirable men to Albert Square. For months Zaraah Abrahams has played out the chaotic life of Chelsea, who escaped the clutches of her murdering husband Gray Atkins (Toby Alexander-Smith). Her dangerous partner admitted to killing his ex-wife Chantelle Baker (Jessica Plummer) and Zaraah's incredible performances earned her an Inside Soap Award nomination. The actor joined Albert Square in 2020 and Chelsea was in constant battles against the evil Gray. Thankfully for Chelsea, he was finally arrested for his multiple murders and she is now looking for a brighter future for the strong female character. Read More: The Repair Shop star 'nervous' over restoration of Judi Dench item Speaking to Inside Soap, the EastEnders star shared her wish for a saucier future for Chelsea. Zaraah revealed: "I'd also like to see her in a new relationship… Yes, a sexy man for Chelsea, please!” Looking back at her incredible year as Chelsea, the actor reflected on her successful arrival and difficult storylines with Gray on Albert Square. She explained: "It was challenging, but what kept me going was knowing that Chelsea was set to come out the other side of it." The star added: "I still can't believe that I was in the Christmas episodes, as for years in my house, sitting down to watch an EastEnders Christmas was so iconic and magical." She continued: "To be at the heart of it for Gray and Chelsea's wedding was surreal." After dodging a potentially fatal ending, Zaraah explained how she'd prefer to portray a calmer future. She added: "I'd love for her to establish a bit more of a business on the Square – maybe she could be the manager of Peggy's bar one day?" DON'T MISS...EastEnders' star Rose Ayling-Ellis hotly tipped for Doctor Who role [INSIGHT]Danny Dyer on struggle with particular aspect of his health [INTERVIEW]EastEnders theory: Linda Carter finds happiness with Walford resident [THEORY] If it is not a male piece of eye candy, Zaraah would not mind exploring Chelsea's motherhood challenges too. Zaraah declared: "I would like Chelsea to go on the mum journey and for her to be a bit more vocal about how difficult it is, and why she doesn't have the bond with her son Jordan that she was hoping for." Whatever the future of Chelsea Fox, there will be plenty of avenues for her personality to go down. Due to some stunning performances, Zaraah is nominated for Best Actress at this year's Inside Soap Awards in October. Chelsea Fox returned in 2020 after the Walford character was away from the Square for ten years. Following her nomination, the star shared her delight and reflected on her spell on the BBC soap. She tweeted: "Thank you so much everyone! So honoured to be nominated! Loving my time at Eastenders." EastEnders airs on BBC One on Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm