Jamie Redknapp, 49, and his 38-year-old wife Frida, recently jetted off to Sardinia for a sunshine break. However their joy together was blighted by learning that one of Jamie's nearest and dearest has lost his prized dog. Jamie advertised a £10,000 reward for anyone who could successfully locate the missing American bully, named Beefy. "My mate's dog is sadly lost," the former England footballer told the world. "Please help if you've got any info!" The tough-looking breed, also owned by the likes of TV presenter Ulrika Jonsson, is sometimes mistaken for a pitbull. READ NOW: Demi Rose 'back' as she barely conceals ample assets They are often portrayed as violent and aggressive and are banned in some US states. Earlier this year Brits called for them to be banned too, after one tore a ten-year-old human child to pieces. However fans of the breed insist that they are not born with a violent temperament, and that it is only caused by humans mishandling them or deliberately training them to fight. Puppies from the highest quality bloodlines can cost more than £7,000 each when sold in the UK. Yet there have been a string of dog thefts in recent months, especially when it comes to high value breeds, and Jamie's friend has fallen prey to exactly that problem. After issuing a plea for the safe return of Beefy, Jamie returned to his Sardinian holiday. His wife Frida has been spotted on the beach, showing off her stunning figure in a bright orange bikini. She has maintained a toned physique in spite of having given birth to five children - four from her previous marriage, plus baby son Raphael, who she shares with Jamie. DON'T MISS... ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' [LATEST] Line of Duty's Daniel Mays' 'daunting' encounter with Michael Douglas [INSIGHT] Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits resenting his father for huge lie [INTERVIEW]  Meanwhile Jamie also has two teenage sons from his own earlier marriage to ex-Eternal singer Louise Redknapp, called Charley and Beau. Charley turned 18 a week ago, prompting Jamie to take to his Instagram account to publicly wish him well in his coming of age journey. "My big boy Charley is 18 today," he told the world. "I'm so proud of you mate and the man you’ve turned into. "You are Incredibly charming, funny, clever, kind and a superb athlete." He has already shown flair for rugby, and participates regularly in sporting matches, which has delighted his father. Referring to his imminent move stateside to pursue further studies, Jamie praised: "Your next step in the [US] will be amazing and I can’t wait to watch you every step of the way." He signed off: "I love you so much. Your Dad."