Boris Johnson has received plenty of criticism for going on holiday last week as the Bank of England increased interest rates. There have been accusations he is leading a "zombie Government" and demands for him to set out an immediate plan to tackle the economic situation. But Mr Johnson is not the one to be blamed for the current impasse. He didn't want to stand down as Prime Minister last month. He was ready to stick it out and lead the country through the tough months ahead. His own party were responsible for bringing down the Prime Minister in the middle of a war and economic crisis. And one man in particular must take responsibility: Rishi Sunak. READ MORE: Don't be conned by Tory leadership race RICHARD MADELEY Mr Johnson wanted to deliver a big speech in June setting out how the Government would help hard-working Britons in light of the escalating cost of living situation. The speech was pushed back to July after Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak failed to agree on the best way to tackle the problems facing households. The speech was then scrapped altogether after the former Chancellor's resignation and the Prime Minister was forced to announce his own intentions to quit. Had Mr Sunak remained in his post, a speech on further Government measures to help would no doubt have been outlined by now. Instead, Mr Johnson remains trapped, handcuffed by the whole system, unable to really implement any major policy for fear it will be undone in a few weeks time once he is out the door. And don't forget, while Mr Sunak triggered the collapse of the Government which has led to an impasse at the top, Labour wanted to go even further and was demanding a general election. A drawn out election campaign would have also meant weeks of grand visions and soundbites being made to the British public while no immediate action was being taken. Labour is being completely hypocritical in accusing the Government of taking no action when their own demands would have also led to paralysis. Mr Johnson is one of the only people in Westminster who did not want to see the current situation play out. If it was down to him we'd have had a plan set out weeks ago and the country could be enjoying August safe in the knowledge there was extra support on the way.