Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana is reportedly pushing for a move to Chelsea this summer, and is ‘doing his bit’ to force an exit. The Blues have been quoted a mammoth £80million fee for the former Saint-Etienne star, which would smash their transfer record for a defender. Fofana extended his contract with the Foxes in March, meaning that Brendan Rodgers’ side are in no hurry to sell the Frenchman. However, the player himself is quite the opposite, with the interest from the Blues capturing his attention. According to football.london reporter Adam Newson, the 21-year-old is trying to force the move internally as well as externally, in a bid to ‘put the pressure on Leicester’. The central defender is keen on the move and is not willing to wait until a future summer to leave the King Power Stadium. Fofana made seven Premier League appearances last season for Leicester, being ruled out for the majority of the campaign after breaking his leg against Valencia. But his performances since returning have captured the attention of Chelsea, who are desperate to strengthen their backline before the transfer window closes. JUST IN: England Euro 2022 hero Chloe Kelly left perplexed by Richard Madeley during TV interview They have acquired the services of Kalidou Koulibaly so far this summer and are working hard to reach an agreement with Brighton for Marc Cucurella. But after Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger left and Barcelona continue to approach Cesar Azpilicueta, Thomas Tuchel is still demanding further reinforcements. Fofana’s social media activity has indicated that the player is pushing hard for the move, removing ‘Leicester City’ from his Twitter bio. He then posted a quote on his Instagram that read: “My father told me you're going to annoy a lot of people when you start doing what's best for you and I've begun to realise it.” DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers: Arsenal loan agreed, West Ham exit, Chelsea sale, Man City to loan duo The defender has also liked several tweets linking him with a move to Stamford Bridge and stating why he would be a perfect fit for Tuchel. The activity certainly won’t go down well at Leicester, especially as Fofana’s behaviour is capturing the attention of fans of both clubs involved. Fofana forcing a move could also come as a shock to manager Rodgers, who thought that the player was happy at the club. He recently said: “He’s not for sale. He still has lots of improvements to make. He’s very happy here, he really enjoys being here. Naturally he will attract the interest of other clubs. Our job, in not signing anyone so far, is to at least keep the players we have. I know that’s the intention of the club.”