According to interior specialists, ScS and interior designer Sylvia James from HomeHow, putting your sofa in the “right spot” and picking a colour scheme to compliment the room size can add the “illusion of space”. This can help to make the room feel bigger than it actually is. With this in mind, the two companies have partnered together to reveal the definitive guide to room layout and decor for a small living room. The experts said: “Little spaces need a lot of love, and if designed correctly, they can feel a lot bigger than they are. “Use the space you have wisely, keeping the room clutter-free.” Firstly, the experts recommended choosing the right sofa, which is of “upmost importance” in small spaces. READ MORE: ‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step Too big and the sofa can make the room feel small, but too small and there won’t be enough seating space. The experts added: “Your sofa shouldn’t block any walking paths and avoid pushing all furnishings against the walls. “Instead, position the furniture around a focal point in the room, such as a TV or fireplace, which will serve as the room’s centre of attention.” Homeowners should also go for neutral colours in the living room. DON'T MISS:‘Excellent’ way to make sure houseplants are hydrated in the heat [COMMENT]‘Effective’ natural methods to deter ants from the home [INSIGHT]'Vital' things to consider when planting to avoid causing 'havoc' [EXPLAINER] The experts said: “They help create the illusion of space. “What’s more, this is also a very hot trend at the minute so going for a natural palette will mean you’re in vogue. “If you do like a pop of colour, bring this through with accessories such as lamps, picture frames, cushions and blankets. Just don’t go too heavy not here as you could overpower the space.” If you have a small space, it can be easy for clutter to appear and take over. READ MORE: Interior: Paint colours to avoid in the bedroom According to the experts, this is when you should get creative with storage and furniture. Using an ottoman to put books in, or purchasing a sofa with drawers can help the room look less cluttered. The experts added: “You’ll end up having more space, whilst keeping it as a functional living area. “Also experiment with mirrors and lighting. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “A great way to make a room feel more spacious is by increasing the flow of light, so bringing in mirrors to reflect natural light during the day is great for expanding a space. “Place a mirror opposite the natural light source so that it is projected back into the room.” Having ample lighting solutions is also great for maintaining this illusion when it is dark. Tall and thin mirrors do not take up lots of space but can help to increase the amount of light in the room.