Nick Kyrgios was texting Thanasi Kokkinkis memes minutes before their US Open clash which the world No 25 won in straight sets. The two Australian stars are close friends and usually compete together in doubles competitions, however, they were drawn against each other for the first round in New York. The Wimbledon finalist comfortably prevailed in a 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 victory to progress to the second round of the final major tournament of the year. It was their first ever meeting in a singles arena making it a strange experience for the doubles partners. Kokkinakis has said he struggled to take the match seriously due to his close friendship with Kyrgios. After the match he said they were both joking so much in the locker room that it was hard to get pumped up for the match. Kyrgios was even sending him memes minutes before they entered the Arthur Ashe Stadium. “It was hard to get fired up, hard to get excited about the game,” he explained. “In the locker room, we were already talking nonsense. Nick sent me 'memes five minutes before the match, so when you enter the court, it's hard to be excited. MUST READ: Rafael Nadal reacts to Novak Djokovic being banned from US Open with Roger Federer comment “We compete, of course, but it's hard to have that inner fire. I couldn't have my usual intensity, it felt like a practice match. It was frustrating, I know I can play better.” Kyrgios also did not enjoy the victory, describing it as the most uncomfortable of his career. He had been unhappy as soon as the draw was made, knowing it would be a ‘nightmare’ having to play someone so close to him. "That was probably one of the most uncomfortable matches I've played in my career," he admitted. "When we both saw the draw, it was a nightmare, honestly. I feel like there's probably two players - two or three players - that after tennis I'm probably going to stay in contact with till I probably die, to be honest. “Thanasi is one of them. It's just really hard. [Trying to block out my opponent] kind of helped me. "I thought he had an opportunity to go far in the draw. It's unfortunate. The way I'm playing, the goals I have, I felt like I had a good opportunity in this tournament too. Look, it is what it is. I felt I dealt with it pretty professionally. We are going to play each other, hopefully, never again. We will just close that out. I am just happy to move forward." Kyrgios will now play Benjamin Bonza for a place in the third round. The Frenchman has never gone beyond the second round of a major tournament, giving the Aussie hope he can enjoy an extended run in the competition.