Hosts Josie Gibson and Vernon Kay welcomed This Morning fans to the latest instalment of the ITV programme.  During the episode, two women who ran an ice cream truck were tasked with presenting the Dosh on Doorstep segment which Josie normally hosts. However, their cash giveaway descended into chaos, with viewers calling the segment "car crash television". The Dosh of Your Doorstep presenters got extremely excitable during the show as they handed cash to a lucky viewer, with Josie and Vernon struggling to understand what was going on.Viewers took to Twitter to hit out over the segment, with Sam Knight asking: "Why are they all screaming?"Selina quipped: "Car crash television at its finest #ThisMorning."Leighanne added: "God that was a f****g ordeal, I had to mute my telly they were that b****y loud, what a disaster that was #ThisMorning." READ MORE: John Barnes slams calls to scrap taking the knee Jason Lee remarked: "What a rather messy loud show. All over the place haha, anyone else’s ears left hurting after that? #thismorning." Other viewers found Vernon's reaction to the chaos amusing, with Diane tweeting: "Think Vernon's face said it all #ThisMorning." Debs remarked: "Josie and Vernon should replace Phill and Holly judging by the tweets today #thismorning." The drama unfolded when Josie started cracking up at two women who were filling in for her so they could hand out a prize of £1,000 to a viewer.  The women, who were presenting from inside an ice cream truck, said: "We want to be the best at doing [Dosh on Your Doorstep]. "What better disguise on a hot summer's day than an ice cream van? "As you have already said we will be giving someone a cool £1,000. "Listen, there is so much love for lolly we have changed this segment from Dosh on Your Doorstep to Lolly on Your Doorstep." DON'T MISS...‘I felt suicidal’ Carol Vorderman on falling into ‘deep depression’ [LATEST]Ferrari blasts men's football team after Lioness' success [INSIGHT]Josie Gibson's 'stunning' appearance leaves This Morning viewers distr [REACTION] As Josie continued to laugh, the women started to play music in the ice cream van which made it difficult to hear them. "I've always wanted to do this," one of the women exclaimed as she was dancing to the music. They then had to apologise and try and keep the noise down before Josie admitted: "My job's definitely gone." Vernon quipped: "That's going to be fab, there could be a real twister to that story."  "Oh brilliant, absolutely brilliant," Josie added as the segment drew to a close. "The only thing is you have got to remain in disguise and they are not being too subtle at the moment," she added. The women returned to the show to give away the money in a dramatic fashion which left Josie and Vernon in stitches. This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV. 