Manchester United want to sign Benjamin Sesko this summer. Reports have claimed the 19-year-old is on John Murtough’s radar, with the Red Devils supremo recently meeting with the striker’s agent. But with sources believing he isn’t ready to start week in week out at Old Trafford, it looks like he’d be a deputy for Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial if he ends up joining. Manchester United want to sign a new forward this summer as they target a first Premier League title since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. The long-term futures of both Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood are up in the air, while the club have already seen Edinson Cavani leave on a free transfer after two years at the club. United have been eyeing Sesko at the current moment in time, with Murtough driving interest. Yet The Athletic say sources close to Red Bull Salzburg believe that, while the 19-year-old could become even better than Erling Haaland, Sesko isn’t ready to be ‘relied upon to produce immediately in the Premier League’. Chelsea and Liverpool are also in the mix for the forward. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But United, it seems, would then use Sesko as a back-up option at Old Trafford if they’re successful in bringing the Slovenian youngster to the Premier League. That means the teenage talent could even end up being third-choice at the club. While Ronaldo wants out, with the veteran eager to play in the Champions League as he enters the twilight years of his career, there’s no guarantee he’ll get his way. Ten Hag has said both privately and publicly that he wants to keep the 37-year-old, having planned for the upcoming season with him in mind. United owner Joel Glazer is also in agreement, with the Red Devils chief involved in discussions over Ronaldo’s future. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And all signs currently point to him being in Ten Hag’s squad for the upcoming campaign as a result. Sesko would also be behind Anthony Martial in the pecking order, too. At the start of the summer, many expected the France international to be offloaded after regressing alarmingly over the past two years. Martial was on a high after the 2019/2020 campaign, with the 26-year-old scoring 23 goals across all competitions that season - more than any other player. But he’s scored just eight competitive goals for the club in the time since. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Martial toiled on loan at Sevilla last term and also seemed to be impacted by Ronaldo’s Hollywood homecoming on transfer deadline day. Yet he’s been in fine form during pre-season, scoring three goals from four matches on their tour of Thailand and Australia. And hopes are high within United that he can finally fulfil his potential after years of inconsistency. Former United star Lee Sharpe, meanwhile, recently claimed Martial could be like a new signing for the Red Devils if he continues his current electric form. “I think Martial on his day is unplayable. I think he’s that good,” said Sharpe. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “That’s what frustrates fans, knowing he’s that good but not doing it week-in, week-out. “I don’t know the lad personally so I’m unsure whether he is happy playing out wide, or if he prefers playing as a number nine. “If he wants to be a number nine, and Ten Hag is happy for him to be there, and if Martial puts the work in, then United have a surprise package. “A £50-60m new player if you like because on his day he’s unbelievable with quick feet. He can score goals and create for others and he’s a fantastic talent. “If United get the best of Martial then everybody will be happy.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here