"I finished that movie [Spectre] with a broken leg," Daniel Craig revealed. "I've hurt myself on every single Bond movie since I started." While fond of the physicality involved with performing stunts on set, Daniel recognised that he has "grown older" and doesn't "bounce back as well as [he] did". In the candid interview with Entertainment Weekly, the father-of-two shared: "That phone call to your wife saying, 'I’ve broken my leg' is not pleasant." Married to Rachel Weisz – who stars in the fantasy action-adventure film The Mummy – Daniel is the step-father to her son, Henry. The 54-year-old also has a grown-up daughter, Ella, from a previous marriage to Fiona Loudon. Speaking on The Graham Norton Show about his physical injuries, Daniel said: "I’ve had my right shoulder reconstructed. "I’ve had my left knee operated on, my right knee operated on. My thumb still hurts..." READ MORE: Meghan Markle health – The Duchess on her hidden 'debilitating' illness While filming the Bond films, he lost two teeth and snapped his snapped his anterior cruciate ligament (ACL), and fractured his ankle. An ACL tear is no easy feat, as the injury leads to a swollen and painful knee. Experts at the Mayo Clinic explained the ACL is "one of the strong bands of tissue that help connect your thigh bone to your shinbone". When torn, the ACL could make a "loud popping" sensation that can lead to "severe pain" that restricts your movement. READ MORE: Meghan Markle health – The Duchess on her hidden 'debilitating' illness Rapidly swelling, you will lose the range of motion in your leg that you're used to, and it may feel as though the knee gives way. "Seek immediate care if any injury to your knee causes signs or symptoms of an ACL injury," the experts advised. "The knee joint is a complex structure of bones, ligaments, tendons and other tissues that work together. "It's important to get a prompt and accurate diagnosis to determine the severity of the injury and get proper treatment." People, like Daniel, who have torn their ACL are more at risk of developing osteoarthritis. Daniel may want to report any joint tenderness, stiffness, or a crackling sound in his joints to a doctor. The NHS listed other potential warning signs of osteoarthritis, which may include: "If you have osteoarthritis in your knees, both your knees will usually be affected over time," the NHS cautioned. "Unless it occurred as the result of an injury or another condition affecting only one knee." Beside his multiple injuries, Daniel is going full steam ahead with new productions in the works, such as Knives Out 3. Daniel Craig's wife, Rachel Weisz appears in The Mummy Returns, which is airing on ITV4, Thursday, August 11, at 8.30pm.