The Duchess of Sussex has taken yet another swipe at the Royal Family during her interview with The Cut, as she claimed that simply "by existing" she and her husband Prince Harry had upset the Firm's "hierarchy". Touching on the explosive interview during Tuesday's Breakfast with Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster, the former This Morning presenter slammed her actions and asked: "Where did it all go wrong?" After speaking to their showbiz reporter, Kenzie Schofield, Isabel and Eamonn were left clearly irritated by Meghan's actions. Before moving on to the next segment, Isabel exclaimed: "Can I just say 'speaking her truth' that is something that really winds me up, there is one truth." Eamonn agreed: "So you can be a lie, you can be a lie if you're convinced." Isabel continued: "You can speak your experience of life but there is only one truth because that is truth." READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry Adding his opinion, Eamonn said: "A psychopath, for instance, a psychopath can say anything and they believe it. "So they can pass a lie detector for instance because their truth, they believe their truth." "It is not a criticism of Meghan," Isabel added. "I think it is a very American phrase speaking your truth, but it really gets me going." Taking a swipe at the Duchess, Eamonn quipped: "What about shut your mouth, Meghan? How about that, is that better than speaking your truth?" Laughing, Isabel interjected: "Stop it now, I mean well she could do that." Eamonn continued: "Well that is what people at home are thinking, they're thinking why doesn't she just shut up and go away? "Kenzie summed it up, she has so much to be thankful for. Move on Meghan, move on. Is it really that bad in your life? "And if you're going to make accusations about people, name the people involved because so few people see the colour of your skin. DON'T MISS...Martin Clunes admits ITV wanted to keep Doc Martin [WATCH]Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think  [LATEST]Meghan Markle's podcast savaged as expert claims popularity won't last [INSIGHT] "So few people want to discriminate against you, so many people were happy when you got married and you joined the Royal Family. "Where did it all go wrong and how much blame have you got to take for that?" he concluded. During her interview, Meghan also dropped the bombshell that Harry allegedly told her he had "lost" his father, Prince Charles. In the interview, she explained: "Harry said to me, ‘I lost my dad in this process'. It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision.” Responding to the comments, The Sun reported a source close to Prince Charles, said: “The Prince of Wales loves both his sons very much." Meghan also revealed that after a year of being forced to give up social media, she would be making her return to Instagram. Speaking to Allison P Davis for The Cut, Meghan said: "Do you want to know a secret? I’m getting back … on Instagram.” Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabelle airs Monday-Thursday from 6am on GB News.