A new series of the travel and property show has recently started, but Monday's episode was a repeat from earlier this year. It saw presenter Lee Juggurnauth jetting off to Costa Blanca, Spain, in an old instalment of the Channel 4 programme. The property expert was hoping to help house hunters Robert and Thomas find their dream holiday home. Armed with a budget of £83,000, Lee found several Spanish properties for the couple to view. However, having only aired in January, viewers knew what was coming and criticised A Place in the Sun for showing repeat episodes, with some pointing out: "I thought it was a new series." Robert and Thomas were hoping to find the perfect holiday home they could enjoy with friends. The couple wanted a house with a minimum of two bedrooms, outdoor space and a communal pool. However, just minutes into the episode, viewers were disgruntled to realise the episode wasn't a new one. Twitter user @Tubbs24805830 wrote: "I think I've seen this one before? #aplaceinthesun #atubbsinthesun." READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation David Axlerode echoed this, adding: "And very recently too, looking for a party weekend apartment? #aplaceinthesun." @TerryF1010 penned: "It's a repeat from earlier this year," along with an eye-rolling emoji. @kezzypipkin posted: "#aplaceinthesun I thought this was supposed to be a new series?" @WilliamatSmith added: "Is this a repeat... sure I've seen this one." (sic) @Makaton11 mirrored the complaints, tweeting: "This has been on before. Some right s***holes as I recall. "And they just want to bring all their mates over to party #aplaceinthesun." It seems not all viewers had seen the episode before though, as several took a dislike to Lee's property choices. Fi penned: "These are all pretty grim today," while Bill shared: "That place looks like a prison yard for their outside space." DON'T MISS... Aiden Turner details fears of filming ITV series [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun's Craig Rowe recalls difficult application [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street's Faye Windass opens up on 'challenging' health plot [VIDEO] Lee had his work cut out with Robert and Thomas, with the couple finding fault in most of his property choices. Property three saw the pair making some brutal confessions straight away. I don’t like it,” Robert stated to a disappointed Lee. “You don’t like it?” Lee asked, baffled by the quick judgement. Thomas admitted he agreed. "I'm not getting the feeling from this one at all, I’m getting no vibes from it," he explained. “No vibes whatsoever,” Robert replied, to which Thomas continued: "It’s just not giving me feels at all." Lee confessed the response wasn't the reaction he'd been hoping for, but he was optimisitic he could win the couple over with the next property. The two were impressed with the fourth house, although they wished it had "more sun" and less shade. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 3pm on Channel 4.