It comes following reports Andrew's security is costing taxpayers a shocking £400,000 a year. Dr Shola tweeted: "Disgraced Prince Andrew receiving tax funded security while Prince Harry fights to have good security for his family in UK is cruel and unjustified." She added that it was "unacceptable" that the Duke of York, who was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages, continues to have Scotland Yard protection.  Prince Harry was embroiled in a row with the Home Office over a decision to strip him of security while in the UK. Royal expert Omid Scobie said the Royal and VIP Executive Committee (RAVEC), which includes senior aides of the royal household and former government officials, "don't appear to have a clear set of guidelines" for who can be afforded security in the Firm. He added: "If they did then surely the sensitivities around Prince Andrew and his security arrangements would have come under immense scrutiny. "Though stripped of all royal patronages and military affiliations after the shame of his close friendship with a paedophile billionaire and paying out millions to rape accuser Virginia Giuffre, Andrew’s Scotland Yard protection remains an annual and unchallenged cost of around $500,000 to the British taxpayer." Prince Andrew has vehemently denied the claims brought against him by accuser Virginia Guiffre. Earlier this year, the Home Office ruled that Prince Harry and his family could not have police protection in the UK, despite Harry saying he would pay for it himself. More recently, the Duke won a bid to bring a High Court challenge against the Home Office after arguing that the royal household should not have been involved in the decision. It was revealed that the Queen's top aide was on the deciding committee.  READ MORE: Kate tipped to become 'a fantastic Princess of Wales' by fans Omid Scobie added: "RAVEC’s lawyers argue that they were entitled to reach its decision, which currently sees Harry’s security arrangements considered on a case-by-case basis. "However, it seems cruel in the extreme to allow Prince Andrew round-the-clock police protection but not the future King’s son". The Home Office previously recommended a significant downgrade of security for the Duke after he withdrew from his public duties. Speaking about Andrew's taxpayer-funded security costs, Graham Smith, of the anti-monarchy group Republic, said: “If Andrew is not performing public duties, there is no reason to employ security.  DON'T MISS:Huge blow for Sturgeon as SNP loses one of the biggest councils [INSIGHT]Remoaner torn apart after sharing image of full shelves as Brexit dig [COMMENT]Clapham evacuated: Police with dogs investigate 'suspicious package' [PICTURES] “If the Home Office and police have looked at the risk and judged that he does not warrant round-the-clock security then it is appropriate. “To have another look at it due to pressure from the Queen is unacceptable.” 