Lee Juggurnauth is one of the newest members to join the A Place in the Sun family, and ever since, he has helped several house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. Along with his Channel 4 co-stars, Lee travels to many exotic countries, and over the course of a week, he shows his buyers five properties in the hopes they fall in love with at least one. In recent weeks, Channel 4 have begun to air brand new episodes of A Place in the Sun. However, in the months leading up to that, they broadcast repeated episodes that had been shown before. At the time, viewers took to social media to share their frustrations over the repeats. Responding to the backlash in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, referring to the new episodes, Lee insisted: “They’re coming.” READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist He continued: “All I can say is thank you to everyone that has been patient, myself included because I want to see some new stuff as well. “My friends and family are like, ‘You're going off to do all these episodes, when are we seeing all these episodes?’ and I'm like 'They're coming'.” Discussing the latest series, which is currently airing on Channel 4, Lee said: “All I can say is they're all really exciting. “Italy was great, it was lovely to be out there. I had a really nice couple that came out and we were able to help them find where they wanted to be and see their journey develop. “I think that's the beauty of this show,” the property expert added. When looking at properties, Lee’s mission is always to try and meet his house hunter’s criteria. However, admittedly, Lee explained that isn’t always possible and sometimes he doesn’t get it right. Recalling one episode with sisters Roz and Liz, Lee said despite it being one of his favourite episodes to film, the siblings did have some disagreements about the home they were looking for. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise boss details 'biggest' challenge of filming series [INSIGHT]Joan Crawford shuts down interviewer in probe over Bette Davis feud [VIDEO] “They stayed in my mind because they were very sincere, very humble and you could see how much it meant to them,” he said. “And I think the beauty of seeing Roz and Liz when we were in France all together was that sibling bond, no matter how old or young you are, [the bond] will always be there. “And it just showed that even though they had kids themselves…grown-up kids, they were fundamentally still sisters. “So, to see that dynamic, it was very emotional.” “And also, it was one of those things where we were looking at properties and they were very specific and what they wanted,” Lee went on to say. “They didn’t want to live in the same house [in France], so you find a house and there's always a guest house next to it. “So, you know, they were like 'Who's going to be in the guest house?’ because I guess it was going to be smaller. “But they'd obviously discussed who was having what house.” A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.