A Place in the Sun presenter Ben Hillman looked glum this evening as he posted a picture of himself forlornly tucking into a takeaway in a hospital bedroom, after suffering the injury from hell. The 32-year-old dislocated a bone, which had been left sticking out of his flesh, during a session on a water slide. "Not the French cuisine I had in mind for 1st day of our family holiday!!" he groaned on Instagram in view of over 14,000 followers. "Managed to acquire an open fracture/dislocation on the water slide, and for those not in the know that means the bone was sticking out the skin," the grimacing TV fave disclosed. "Word to the wise, don’t forget your travel insurance this summer. Have fun out there guys." Hashtagging the phrase #holidayemergency, he shared a photo of himself clad in a hospital gown and eating from a less than appetising looking carton of food. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win Further photos showed an X-ray of his hand, which has now been firmly bandaged up. "Hats off to the French healthcare/emergency services," the star sadly declared. Earlier this week, fans had been able to catch sight of Ben finding buyers their ideal holiday home in Tenerife. However the Channel 4 star's demeanour was a lot more subdued this evening as he lamented his misfortune. Ben had been enjoying a family holiday in France with his wife Gaby and daughters Hope Blossom and Honour Willow, when disaster struck. He had previously told the Express that he "loved" being with his children and that they were the "number one" priority in his life. However the fun was cut short after his water park accident. Ben had not posted further details revealing where in France he had been. DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT] Harry Gration's funeral: BBC star laid to rest as fans flood streets [OBITUARY] Carol Vorderman, 61, sends fans wild in leopard leggings [PHOTOS]  After getting married more than a decade ago, Ben then renovated his own dream property for the family in 2016. Talking of his daughters, he gushed to the Metro: "They are my DIY girls and join me on my adventures. "During the build I did the Place In The Sun walk round with them, saying, 'Imagine how it's going to look like when it's finished.'" The property expert credits his own transformation skills for creating the fairytale home he lives in today, as he had described its original state as "ugly". "What was a bit of an ugly duckling of a house now looks absolutely beautiful," he boasted proudly to Ideal Home magazine. "It looks like we're on the Mediterranean somewhere." However, when he's not enjoying exotic locations for work or pleasure, Ben actually lives in Shoreham-by-Sea. "Straight away you're a bit lifted by it and you think this is nice - rather than some rundown visage with car and old bricks out the front," he explained.