Clothing can develop a musty smell when it's left unworn for too long, and can often feel dirty and unwearable. While scented detergents and hot washes will make the fabric feel clean, it’s not always enough to banish stubborn odours. However, one TikTok user has shared a clever laundry hack to remove the smell with minimal effort, and all you need is baking soda and a zip-lock bag. Baking soda is renowned for its cleansing properties, especially its ability to neutralise stubborn odours. While it is often used in the washing machine or as part of a stain-removing solution, this basic ingredient is just as effective on its own. In fact, one social media user who goes by the name of @neat.caroline on TikTok has shared her unique method to refresh unpleasant-smelling fabrics in just one simple step. READ MORE: ‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants Speaking to her followers in a short video on the platform, @neat.caroline explained how she uses baking soda as a “musty clothing odour eliminator”. In addition to a pot of baking soda, the only other item needed to replicate the hack is a resealable bag big enough to fit the garments inside. The social media user said: “Place the garment in a resealable bag and sprinkle in some baking soda. “Let it sit for two days and then shake out the baking soda.” Of course, you will need to rinse or wash the clothing once the baking soda has been shaken off in order to remove any last traces of it. According to Trisha Lake, owner and CEO of TLC Cleaning, this hack works so well because of a chemical reaction which occurs when the baking soda is in contact with odour-causing molecules. Speaking to Martha Stewart, she said: “When we utilise baking soda as an odour reducer, the molecules in the air react to the baking soda to grasp those odours.” This is largely due to most smells being acidic and easily neutralised by baking soda, which is neither alkaline or acid. She explained that the concept works in shoes and even on our skin as a deodorant. DON'T MISS:‘Treat leaves like solar panels’ to save brown foliage on houseplants [INSIGHT]Where does Princess Beatrice live? Inside her palace life [ANALYSIS]Property: Add 23 percent to house price with 4 energy saving changes [REVEAL] For dull whites and stained clothing, baking soda can be added to water instead of used alone. Just mix one cup of baking soda with one gallon of water in a bucket and add your clothes. Swirl the fabrics around to make sure they are fully soaked in the solution and wait until the following day to wash them as normal. The 24-hour rule is crucial to get the best results as it will give baking soda plenty of time to absorb the odours from the fibres of the fabric. Damp, musty-smelling clothes can be a nuisance, but it is easily prevented if you know what’s causing the odour to cling to your wardrobe. Persil explained that the most common causes are: Leaving clothing in the tumble dryer for too long after the cycle is finished To prevent musty odours, Persil recommended always washing sweaty clothing as soon as possible and making sure that it is completely dry before storing it away. Keeping your machine clean and clear is also important to avoid mould and mildew making your garments smell unpleasant.