But where do the lines between entertainment and reality get drawn? At Refuge, we are often asked by TV soaps to comment on their draft scripts for episodes which address domestic abuse. Producers take great care to make sure any scenes that depict abuse, or abusive behaviours, are reflective of reality, and that the correct signposting is in place to make sure viewers know where to get support if their own experiences mirror those of the characters. But how do you navigate that in a show where conversations are not scripted and there aren't multiple opportunities to redraft lines or reshoot scenes? Love Island is a reality show, in which real people are living real lives; but those lives are being lived in a pressure cooker, with contestants' everyday interactions broadcast to an audience of millions. It's a show in which relationships are built at a vastly accelerated rate, and without the support mechanisms, most of us have in place when navigating the start of intimate partner relationships. It's a show which is watched by a largely younger audience, who might be looking to the programme to guide them in their own dating lives; and I believe that with the platform that the show has, comes huge civic responsibility. This year, we've seen numerous incidents on the show of behaviours which are problematic, and which are often associated with abuse. Controlling behaviour, manipulation, gaslighting, and double standards are things which survivors of abuse who refuge supports are all too familiar with. That is of course not to say that anyone in the villa is an abuser - that is not my message. My concern is that the behaviours that are being broadcast risk being taken as normal aspects of an intimate relationship. That is what I am keen to challenge and to remind everyone that these behaviours aren't something you have to accept from a partner and might be red flags. I know ITV has come under huge criticism for its response to the many thousands of complaints it has received, and I'm pleased that it is looking now at how to address the public's concerns. Where I think it has work to do is to look at how its clear duty of care to contestants and presenters applies to viewers, and to unequivocally reject the narrative that these behaviours are "normal." They instead need to look at how to send positive messages to viewers, work collaboratively with charities such as the one I'm proud to lead, and be a "best in class" example that other reality shows can aspire to emulate. That would be an outcome for the show to be proud of and it's an opportunity I hope it will take.