Dr Michael Mosley is famous of his weight loss advice and it seems he practices what he preaches when it comes down to it. The nutritionist revealed he gets his exercise in during little chunks, something he stated is "the answer" for anyone who needs to lose weight but is tight for time in their busy days. Speaking on his BBC show Just One Thing, Dr Mosley revealed how he uses his "exercise snacking" technique to maintain his overall health and weight. "I use something quick and simple called exercise snacking," he said. "It's little bursts throughout he day rather than fitting it all into a full workout." He added: "Stairs are a particularly good way to get in a few exercise snacks." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Dr Mosley revealed that in some cases depending on the exercise, it could be more beneficial than a full workout. "The thing about exercise snacking is that although each session is short, it gives you the same or even greater fitness and health benefits than doing a full 30 minute workout." Short bursts are usually referred to as high-intensity interval training (HIIT). A study published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine, analysed results from 36 earlier trials that suggested HIIT workouts might be "more effective" for weight loss than longer less intense workouts. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] And the dietician agreed: "Doing exercise in short chunks really can make you burn more calories, lose more weight and improve blood pressure," he explained. "And it's really easy to fit into your life, particularly if you're not a regular exerciser." Dr Molsey recommended starting with short chunks of walking or stair climbing then upping it gradually. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim The most popular exercises for weight loss according to Healthline include: Walking Running Cycling Swimming Yoga Pilates All can be done in short chunks and built up to the individual's needs. "Exercise snacking really could be the answer to someone who wants to get more into a busy day but does have much time," Dr Mosley said. Alongside a healthy diet, exercise serves as an important strategic role in a person's weight loss journey. Getting more physical activity increases the number of calories the body uses for energy or burns off. This, combined with reducing the number of calories a person is consuming per day, then creates a calorie deficit that will result in weight loss. Not only that, but exercise also has mental and physical benefits that can affect people's health and overall quality of life.