Mercedes technical director Andrew Shovlin has admitted he was “shocked” at Max Verstappen’s pace as the Dutchman dominated at the Belgian Grand Prix. Shovlin said he was keeping his “fingers crossed” Verstappen is not as quick around every track as the reigning champion won his ninth race of the season. It comes after the momentum Mercedes appeared to have taken into the summer break was shattered. Lewis Hamilton was a staggering 1.8 seconds slower than Verstappen in qualifying on Saturday while George Russell was unable to keep on top of the Red Bulls on Sunday. Shovlin said: “Well done to Max and Red Bull, he was in a different league today and would have won from anywhere on any strategy. It’s a bit of a shock how far ahead he has been this weekend; we’ve clearly got more work to do than we thought, fingers crossed he isn’t this fast around every track!” He added: “The weekend overall has been tough. We’d hoped to move forward here with our updates and whilst it seems that Ferrari are closer to us on race pace, Red Bull are clearly not.” The FIA’s new technical directive on controlling porpoising was also introduced this weekend. READ MORE: Helmut Marko mocks Mercedes boss Toto Wolff on new F1 rule changes The changes were expected to help Mercedes but have in fact moved Red Bull further away from the rest of the field. Despite pushing for changes to reduce porpoising, Wolff admitted ahead of the race that the updates may have benefited their rivals. The Austrian also stressed the team were not happy with their performance in Spa, claiming the gap to the front was “just too big”. He explained: “I don't think we can be satisfied with this weekend - if you see Verstappen, he has leaped above us all. “We really need to find out how we can improve our car because the gap is just too big. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton ridiculed with 'Pokemon' jibe after Belgian Grand Prix  [INSIGHT]Hamilton and Schumacher may be set to lose F1 records to Verstappen [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton warned by F1 stewards for refusing medical help [COMMENT] “We’re giving the drivers a very difficult car to drive and it hasn’t got the pace on a single lap so we need to work ourselves out of this situation.” Russell was satisfied with Mercedes’ result after finishing just a couple of seconds off the podium. He said Mercedes' pace was "probably better than the Ferraris” but admitted Verstappen was still too strong. He commented: “What is clear is Max is cruising away at the moment.”