If you're struggling with Wordle 423 for August 16, then you've come to the right place. Keeping up with the recent tradition of tricky Wordle puzzles, today's teaser is causing problems for many a player. While it's not packed full of obscure letters, it's not a word that many people would use very often. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of three spoiler-free clues. Just head to the bottom of the page for Wordle 423 hints for August 16. The word game that spawned a thousand clones, Wordle is a fantastic game to play on the commute to work or during lunch. The concept is extremely simple, challenging players to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you want to avoid losing your streak, keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints for the August 16 puzzle... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 423 hints and clues for August 16... 1. Wordle 423 starts with the letter G. 2. Wordle 423 contains two vowels. 3. A rather unappealing meal.