Iran will respond to the US efforts to revive the 2015 deal that aimed to stop it developing nuclear weapons by tonight, Tehran has said. Tehran will reveal its position on the “final text” to the EU, which has mediated the recent Iranian-US talks that concluded in Vienna last week. Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amirabdollahian said on Monday: “If the US shows a realistic approach and flexibility, we can reach the point of an agreement in the next few days.” “After the US withdrawal from Afghanistan and our inability to do much with Ukraine. “I think a lot of nefarious leaders think that this is now the time to accomplish their objectives.” In recent weeks, some observers have been alarmed by Iran’s apparent military support for Putin’s war in Ukraine. Russia’s struggling army, which has suffered heavy losses, has been bolstered by a deal for Iran to supply Moscow with drones, the US State Department said on Thursday. Last month, US officials warned that Tehran was going to supply Russia with hundreds of drones. Asked if the world should be concerned by a strengthening Iranian-Russian partnership, Ms Stricker said: “Yes, absolutely. Especially with drones. It is really problematic that they will be funnelling drones to Russia to take out more Ukrainians. It could be really devastating to the war.” She also commented on Russia’s role in the talks to revive the Iran nuclear deal, which Moscow signed along with Iran, the US, Germany, France, the UK, Russia and China. She said: “I think we can say that Russia can no longer be seen as any kind of an honest broker in the talks. “Back in the winter of last year, they held up the talks and they demanded guarantees from the US State Department that they would be able to carry out nuclear projects in Iran under the JCPOA. “Those would permit them to gain more than $10 billion in revenue for Rosatom carrying out these projects, and the State Department gave them those guarantees. “So, on the one hand, while we are trying to stop their advances in Ukraine and penalise them economically, we are guaranteeing them a huge financial windfall. “So, I think the fear is that they will use their cooperation with Iran as a sanctions evasion hub even, so if Iranian financial institutions are freed from sanctions, they may be able to help Russia circumvent global sanctions against its invasion.”