Arsenal's move for Pedro Neto is looking increasingly unlikely this summer, which could force Mikel Arteta to look at alternative options. The Wolves star is Arteta's No 1 winger target for the remainder of the transfer window. However, Wolves' asking price is currently putting the Gunners off. The Athletic claims a deal is looking highly improbable before Thursday's deadline. Wolves would demand well in excess of £50million for Neto. Arsenal have already spent £120million this summer and are wary of staying within Financial Fair Play guidelines. Neto is not the only winger Arsenal have been linked with in recent weeks. Express Sport looks at four other options for the north London club. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Chelsea Zaha talks, Spurs deal blocked  Arsenal's interest in Villarreal star Pino emerged earlier in the window. The Spain international doesn't turn 20 until October but has already made 80 senior appearances for The Yellow Submarine. Pino is managed by former Arsenal boss Unai Emery. Villarreal want to keep the teenager but a big offer may be enough for the Gunners to secure a deal. Zaha was the player Emery wanted to sign in 2019 but instead was lumbered with Nicolas Pepe in a club-record deal. Pepe has now left on loan to join Nice and a space has potentially opened up for his Ivory Coast team-mate. Zaha has long been linked with a move to the Emirates and has entered the final year of his contract at Crystal Palace. But, at 29, his profile may not fit what Arteta and Edu are trying to build. DON'T MISSArsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered'Arsenal already have 'their own De Bruyne' as Arteta seeks late dealChelsea delay Fofana transfer and send star to USA over concerns  Asensio seems to have been linked with a move away from Real Madrid, and specifically to Arsenal, for half of his career. He is also in the last year of his contract at the Bernabeu. Real will not stand in his way if he wants to leave this week. At 26, there is a sense there is more to come from Asensio. Gakpo is a target for Manchester United but has also been linked with Arsenal. He can play across the frontline, so would provide versatility to Arteta's squad. The Dutch international enjoyed his best goalscoring season last term, netting 21 times in all competitions. He confirmed at the weekend that United were a "serious option" for him and that he cannot shut away from speculation.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here