The former Labour leader is being sued by commentator Richard Millett over remarks he made during an interview on the BBC's Andrew Marr show in 2018. Mr Corbyn claimed on TV that two people had been "incredibly disruptive" and "very abusive" at a meeting in the House of Commons in 2013. Mr Miller's legal action is brought on the basis that, although he was not named by Mr Corbyn, he was defamed because national media coverage before the broadcast made him identifiable to viewers as one of those referred to. The Islington North MP attempted to get the court case thrown out earlier this year. However, the High Court ruled against Mr Corbyn and a Court of Appeal challenge was rejected last month. The Supreme Court's decision to reject an appeal today means a full libel trail is now set to take place in October. READ MORE: Corbyn's praise for Xi Jinping's 'remarkable' work — REVISITED In the Sunday morning interview nearly four years ago, Mr Corbyn was asked whether he was an antisemite. He was shown a video of a speech he made in 2013 in which he referred to "Zionists" who "don't understand English irony". He said: "The other evening we had a meeting in Parliament in which Manuel made an incredibly powerful and passionate and effective speech about the history of Palestine, the rights of the Palestinian people. “This was dutifully recorded by the thankfully silent Zionists who were in the audience on that occasion and then came up and berated him afterwards for what he had said. "They clearly have two problems. One is they don't want to study history and secondly, having lived in this country for a very long time, and probably all their lives, they don't understand English irony either." Responding to the video clip, Mr Crobyn told Mr Marr in 2018: "I was at a meeting in the House of Commons and the two people I referred to had been incredibly disruptive, indeed the police wanted to throw them out of the meeting. I didn't. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Corbyn blasts military aid to Ukraine to fight Putin [WATCH]Starmer attacked for backing Corbyn after horrifying Ukraine remarks [REACTION]Starmer fury explodes as members protest and demand CORBYNITES return [UPDATE] “I said they should remain in the meeting. They had been disruptive at a number of meetings." In July 2020, Mr Justice Saini ruled on the "natural and ordinary meaning" of the words complained of by Mr Millett and found that they referred to him. The judge found the meaning of the words included that Mr Millett had been "so disruptive" that police wished to remove him from the premises, that he had acted in a disruptive way at other meetings and that Mr Hassassian was "caused distress" by his behaviour. He also concluded the remarks were a "statement of fact", rather than opinion, and were defamatory of Mr Millett at common law. However, Mr Corbyn's legal team challenged the findings in the Court of Appeal. In their unsuccessful hearing, they argued the judge was wrong to find his statement was "entirely factual" and said it was the "exercise of the right to freedom of expression by a senior politician in the context of a discussion about a highly charged and sensitive political issue". They also argued the statement was not defamatory at common law. In the latest blow to the former Labour leader, three justices on the Supreme Court, Lord Reed, Lord Leggatt and Lord Stephens, today announced that they had ruled in May that permission to appeal to the court was refused because the application "does not raise an arguable point of law".