Selling the OC is an all-new spin-off to come from Netflix’s show Selling Sunset, with the brothers Jason and Brett Oppenheim taking on real estate in Orange County. The show kicked off with some major drama which saw Kayla Cordona attempt to kiss her married co-star Tyler Stanaland twice, which he recently addressed.  Selling the OC shone a light on the glamorous homes in Orange County the real estate agents worked to sell to affluent clients. Much like its predecessor, there were also some interpersonal relationships which caused a stir in the workplace. Fans were introduced to the competitive Newport agents who wanted to prove they had what it took to become the best real estate agents in Orange County. However, Kayla and Tyler became the main focus after she attempted to kiss her married co-star twice after a few drinks. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview     Kayla’s attempts caused a stir among the other agents who hit out at the star and she also received ample backlash from viewers. Following the episode’s release, Tyler set the record straight about the incident and detailed the attempted kiss. He shared: “One night, Kayla did try and kiss me. And then it happened another night as well. “And so on the show, out of respect for her, I am just kind of trying to minimise it and brush past it so that there isn't drama.”   Speaking on the Reality Life with Kate Casey podcast he explained: “We can all focus on what we should be doing, but that was something where I had to kind of set some hard lines and some boundaries and reconsider the social environment a bit. “Nothing happened, it was just … something that, you know, you don't do to somebody who is married.” After affirming the kiss “didn’t happen while filming,” he added: “We are a tight-knit office, and we really did, for the most part, all become friends, which is a unique experience for any office.” Tyler also addressed his personal life being featured and his future on the show: “I don't know about the future, but in this specific season, you won't see my house, you won't see my wife.” DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits in pregnancy twist [THEORY]Brittany Snow net worth: How much is Tyler Stanaland's wife worth? [INSIGHT]Tyler Stanaland age: How old are the Selling the OC agents? [INSIGHT]  In 2020, Tyler tied the knot with actress and singer Brittany Snow, who is best known for her portrayal of Chloe Beale in Pitch Perfect. The other agents also raised concerns about this and shared their discomfort, which she grew angry about. Kayla was upset that the others including Polly Brindle, Alex Hall, and Brandi Marshall discussed the incident behind her back. During the show, she also tried to get advice from Alexandra Jarvis and Alexandra Rose on how to move forward.    Kayla apologised to Tyler and wanted to continue their friendship without adding to the drama in the workplace. Speaking to the camera, Tyler disclosed: “My wife and I are very strong. We communicate. And there’s no issue between us.” As the show hit the screens on Wednesday, it's yet to be confirmed if Selling the OC will return for a second season. It's known that Netflix usually waits for two weeks of viewing figures before they announce whether a show has been renewed or cancelled.  Selling the OC is available on Netflix   