Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc will both be hit with grid penalties and will start the Belgian Grand Prix from the back of the field. Both drivers have fitted new engine components this weekend despite exceeding their parts limit. They are two of six drivers who will be pushed to the back of the grid by penalties. Briton Lando Norris, Esteban Ocon, Valtteri Bottas and Mick Schumacher will join them. Verstappen will fit his fourth internal combustion engine, fourth turbocharger, fourth MGU-H unit and fourth MGU-K unit. Only three of these parts are allowed for the season meaning he has exceeded the FIA's limits. Meanwhile, Leclerc had installed a fifth MGU-K unit despite only three being allowed over the season. The Monegasque has also equipped a third energy store with the rules insisting that only two can be used. Both drivers have also taken extra gearbox components which is against the regulations. Verstappen and Leclerc have both taken a fifth new gearbox driveline, gear change components and auxiliary components despite the rules only allowing four for the season. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton may get huge advantage with Charles Leclerc 'penalty' Ferrari have also fitted Leclerc with a fifth gearbox case and cassette despite only four being set out in the rules. The regulations set out that drivers will receive a 10-place penalty the first time an additional element is used. The next time an extra component is used, the driver will get a five-place grid penalty. It will be the second time this season that the Ferrari star has started from the back of the grid after taking penalties in Canada. Leclerc managed to fight back to fifth and was in contention for a podium after a late race safety car. This will be the first back of the grid start for Verstappen. DON'T MISS Max Verstappen fires Belgian GP warning to Hamilton and Leclerc [INSIGHT]Ferrari chief risks upsetting Charles Leclerc with comments [ANALYSIS]Charles Leclerc lays down gauntlet for title rival Max Verstappen [COMMENT] He took a 10-place penalty for changes in Hungary but managed to still come through to claim victory. However, the back of the grid is set to be busy on Sunday with several other drivers also taking new parts. Bottas and Schumacher are being penalised for exceeding their allowance of gearbox components. Bottas will also be hit for swapping out engine components. Norris and Ocon are to be punished after exceeding their internal combustion engine, MGU-K and MGU-H allowances.