The vehicle on fire, located at J9 A5183 on Dunstable Road near Redbourn, sparked chaos around Luton as onlookers triggered queues on the opposite side of the motorway. Lane one of two was closed on the entry slip road. Traffic monitoring system Inrix said: "M1 Southbound entry slip road partially blocked, queueing traffic due to vehicle fire and people slowing to look at accident on the opposite side at J9 A5183 Dunstable Road (Redbourn). Congestion to J10 for Southbound traffic." National Highways all lanes reopened but warned of delays of 20 minutes on the approach, with three miles of congestion The cause of the fire was not immediately clear but came amid scorching temperatures in England. READ MORE: Pensioner dies in horror crash with bus in Wembley As the south experiences yet another heatwave this weekend following the driest July since 1935, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) issued a Level 3 Heat Health Alert in force through to Tuesday. Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at the UKHSA, said: "We want everyone to enjoy the warm weather safely when it arrives, but remember that heat can have a fast impact on health. He added: "The most important advice is to ensure they stay hydrated, keep cool and take steps to prevent their homes from overheating." Extreme weather poses an extra challenge to emergency services, which receive a significantly higher number of calls than usual. Posting on Twitter, the fire service said: "While many of these incidents have been related to outdoor fires, thanks to effective planning, we've still continued to respond to other incidents such as RTCs, house fires and others as normal. But you can help! "We'd like to ask the public to continue to support us, and other emergency services, by avoiding having bonfires or BBQs in gardens and public spaces and only dialling 999 when there's a genuine emergency." Large fires during the UK's second heatwave included a huge blaze at Studland Heath in Dorset. Aggressive flames tore through the popular nature reserve and forced the evacuation of a beach, with firefighters saying it was most likely caused by a barbecue.