Arsenal captain Martin Odegaard has pledged to make it up to Gabriel Jesus after he admits to stealing the striker's shot for the Gunners' second against Bournemouth last week. Arsenal are bidding to continue their incredible start to the season against Fulham today having won their opening three games. They sit top of the table having scored an impressive nine goals, averaging three per game with Odegaard getting off the mark last week against Bournemouth. The Norway international got things going for the Gunners with a brilliant reactionary finish from close range before he doubled his tally a few minutes later. Odegaard took advantage of a loose touch from Jesus in the box to take the show away from his team-mate before smashing it past Mark Travers. William Saliba rounded things off with arguably the best finish of the lot as he curled his effort with his left foot from the edge of the box into the top corner. Jesus was unfortunate to not find himself on the scoresheet throughout the match having been a pest for the Bournemouth defence throughout. Odegaard admits to feeling somewhat guilty for getting in Jesus' way of what could have been his goal for Arsenal's second.  But the Arsenal captain is hoping he can quickly repay his team-mate with an assist for the Brazilian soon. "In my last notes I spoke about the connection I'm building on the pitch with Gabriel Jesus and I think you saw that in the second half," Odegaard wrote in the matchday programme. "It's a shame his goal was disallowed for offside because it looked really close, in fact when I saw the replay I still don't think it was offside. It would have been a great goal by him. I felt like I owed him the assist though after the second goal when I took the shot in front of him, so hopefully I can give him one back." DON'T MISS  Saliba's effort also proved to be a talking point among Arsenal fans and those inside the dressing room. Arsenal fans invented a new chant for Saliba during the match and it proved to be extremely popular among the players with Odegaard admitting they played it both in the dressing room and on the team bus. "I don't think anyone expected it to be honest, if you've seen Alex Zinchenko's reaction when it goes in, then that says it all," he added. "But it was a great goal, and overall he played so well in the game again, another top performance from him and it's great to see him respond like that after the Leicester game, when he scored an own goal. "He showed great character to do that, he's been amazing for us so far, and the defence as a whole unit have been really strong. I know the supporters are getting behind him too, we could hear the chants through the game of course, and we played that song in the dressing room after the game and then on the bus on the way home as well. That song is a favourite already!"