KSI will fight rapper and friend Swarmz on August 27 at the O2 Arena, London. The news comes after his original opponent, Alex Wassabi, was forced to pull out with a concussion. Jake Paul had offered his services to the British YouTube star, but KSI - whose real name Olajide William Olatunji - chose to face the grime artist instead. Swarmz has featured in one of KSI's most popular songs, Houdini, and doesn't seem to have any boxing experience. Prior to the announcement, Paul - who recently had his own fight with Hasim Rahman Jr cancelled - took to social media to call out his long-time rival. In a video posted to Twitter, 'The Problem Child' sent a message to Olatunji, saying: "Oh KSI's fight man I heard the news, it sucks for Alex obviously he has a concussion he can't fight but now this puts KSI in a corner. If he doesn't accept the fight with me we all just know that he's scared. KSI I will come to London I will weigh 180lb for the fight, you can be the A-side, what's your excuse? Do you accept?" Paul then followed this up with a Tweet claiming that KSI had told his manager that he would only sign the contract if he was able to keep all of the revenue from the contest and didn’t have to pay the American a fight purse. 'The Problem Child' accepted the terms only for KSI to reveal that he already had a new opponent booked in.  This does line up with what, Keemstar, the host of the popular internet news show, Drama Alert, said during the initial reports that Wassabi was out of the contest. The YouTube commentator revealed that if Wassabi does pull out of the fight, a replacement has been lined up to step in and that is now confirmed to be Swarmz. In a tirade of Tweets, KSI gave his reasons why he would not accept a fight with Paul right now and revealed that he had to 'honour' an agreement with his new opponent. "So then you could have fought Tommy Fury in England on my undercard? Or is it that you didn’t wanna fight a boxer? So you’re admitting that you’re actually just full of s*** this whole time?" KSI wrote in reference to his offer to host Paul vs Tommy Fury on his undercard when their fight fell through after Fury was denied entry to the United States. "You and MVP (Most Valuable Promotions) are so untrustworthy. First Tommy, [Hasim] Rahman [Jr[ and now Wassabi. Even when you do put events on, all you do is lie to your fans and inflate your numbers by like 50 times. We know your dealings with each promotion and what you actually make. It’s a joke. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua using 'Poundland version' of Usyk in camp for Saudi rematch Paul will accept three conditions as YouTuber calls out KSI Oleksandr Usyk 'story' teased as AJ told to 'take his head off'   "The industry knows now that you are not the draw you have portrayed to be. Your stock is down bad and you don’t get to dictate s*** to me mate. You think you’re clever but we anticipated you’d pull something like this. "Plus, you'll probably try and pull some s*** causing out event to cancel too just like your flop event did. You tried to drain Rahman, so that there would be no life left in him when he fought you with the rehydration clause. You fought a man fresh out of hip surgery [Ben Askren]. "We will fight on my terms and when we do, it’ll be done on the biggest stage. I’m talking Wembley stadium fam. With a full camp tailored just for you and I, so that there are no excuses when we fight. None of this short notice s*** "What you didn’t know is that we actually contracted another fighter in case you guys pulled something like this. I will honour my word to my fans and to my opponent because my word means something unlike yours. The show will go on on August 27 and you or MVP won’t have a thing to do with it. Enjoy your night out buddy."  