With UK temperatures reached unprecedented levels in recent weeks, and with a further amber weather warning for extreme heat in place until midnight on Sunday, August 14, with highs of 32C, it's never been more important to stay protected.   During heatwaves, it is important to keep out of the sun - especially during the sun's peak between 11am and 3pm. Sunscreen is paramount as it gives your skin the best protection against ultraviolet radiation (UV rays). However, it can be expensive and, although important, it could be dropped in favour of more obvious necessities as the cost of living crisis bites. Many sunscreens differ in price between stores. One product that jumps out, due to its price variation between retailers, is the 200ml bottle of Nivea Sun Babies & Kids Sensitive protect.  At the lower end of the spectrum, we have Boots which is selling the factor 50 product for £6*. Next up are Asda, Morrisons, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Ocado at £6.50*. While there may not be much of a price gap there, other retailers are charging considerably more.    Nivea is selling it for half price on its website but, even at half price, it still costs more than the aforementioned retailers. The manufacturer is currently charging £9.79* for the sunscreen and at full price, it would be £19.59*, according to the website. Waitrose, meanwhile, has listed the product for a whopping £13.99* a bottle. But, as it turns out, you don't need to break the bank to make sure your family are protected, as a CEO of a top skin cancer charity, has revealed that many stores' own-brand sunscreens are just as effective as the big-name brands. Marie Tudor, CEO of Skcin, a charity dedicated to the prevention and early detection of melanoma and non-melanoma skin cancer, said: "Many of the major high street supermarket chains are offering their own branded sun cream which are as effective and comparable to the well-known brands. "Our guidance is always to use a minimum [sun protection factor] 30 broad suncream that protects against [ultraviolet A] and carries a minimum [ultraviolet A] 4-star rating. Many of these sunscreens are between £3-4."   When it comes to buying sunscreen, Marie advises to always check what sun protection factor (SPF) the lotion is. The NHS defines SPF as: "a measure of the amount of ultraviolet B radiation (UVB) protection. "SPFs are rated on a scale of 2 to 50+ based on the level of protection they offer, with 50+ offering the strongest form of UVB protection." Meanwhile, Skcin continues to lobby the government to recategorise sunscreen as an essential household item, exempting it from VAT, in a bid to bring down prices. "We believe that suncream is an essential household item that should be in everyone’s shopping basket," Marie added. "We, as have many MPs, have previously lobbied for the Government to remove the VAT on suncream. Sadly, this is not something that they are willing to look at presently. "However, major retailer Tesco last year altered its pricing to remove the equivalent of the vat element from its own branded suncream range to make it more affordable for everyone. "Suncream does not have to be expensive and there are many other options for consumers. "The lack of education around the importance of suncream may make certain consumers ditch the suncream as a non-essential item when times are economically hard, but suncream is an essential item to help protect from UV radiation."  * Prices correct at the time of writing. 