Looking at the up-to-date list of the Board of the Conservative Party a third of the current members are also sitting as MPs in the House of Commons. But what about the “register of members interests” inside the party? There is none. Currently, the common denominator is none other than Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 committee, and others. Sir Graham votes in a vote of no confidence which he administers, is custodian of the letters of no confidence, is a Conservative board member, presides over secret leadership ballots and has a significant influence on the Board making policy changes. Also, it is agreed between the Conservative Party board and the Chairman (Sir Graham) of the 1922 committee the rules for the leadership campaign. Sir Graham sits on all sides of the table. Boris Johnson or any other future leader does not stand a chance against what I can only call a form of “insider trading” in a game of “who shall we have as leader next and what rules do we need to ensure it happens?” I ask myself why has this only come to light now? And it is clear, Boris Johnson is the one leader in decades that we the members and likely the electorate wanted to keep, but a cabal of MPs obviously did not. But they overplayed their hand this time. Now these MPs have been found out and we need this yes/no ballot on Boris Johnson to restore democracy for now. For the future I will work with the leader to reform the Party constitution from within to stamp out the “cabal” of control that has been exercised over us all for far too long. Over the past four or five days my Twitter followers, membership and Tory voters will know that I have been studying, analysing, and reviewing the financial statements of the Party. I, like many of you, am angered by the undemocratic removal of Boris Johnson as leader and Prime Minister which happened in such a way that had it been an ordinary workplace would have amounted to constructive dismissal. So, through the eyes of a businessman of more than 33 years, I undertook this review from a business standpoint. It is clear Boris Johnson contributed hugely personally to the party. But I now know he also contributed financially, hugely so, with his record-breaking funds raised back in 2019 when the party raised over £50 million for the general election campaign and party funding when he was leader. As a businessman I cannot in my mind reconcile how or why the Board appears to have been so silent or stagnant in reacting to this financially. Where is the strategy? Where was the “duty of care” to members? Did the Board act in a way I would have reasonably expected of any Board member of any company following the loss of its greatest asset? Or indeed did they meet this test? From the outside seems unlikely. I can see the common thread, the potential for manipulation through the existing structure and the conflicts that exist between MPs, the 1922 Committee and the board, with clear and conflicting, overlapping of control. The existing party constitution allows them to ride roughshod over the Party members and the electorate. That is why the financial consequences were never considered. They were blinded to their own desires, to get what they wanted without any consideration of the devastating effects their selfish acts have had on democracy and the financial wellbeing of the Party. There is a clause in the Conservative Party Constitution that allows the board to act in the Party’s best interest above all else. The Board can easily put its foot down and say there is a conflict of interest here, with MPs, Sir Graham Brady, the 1922 committee and the integrity of the process. What the constructive dismissal of our democratically elected Prime Minister has exposed is the conflicts and imbalance of the Conservative Party Constitution. It is anti-democratic and not fit for purpose. The Conservative Board must exercise its powers to maintain the credibility and the integrity of the Conservative Party, but above all the integrity of the last general election and the 2019 manifesto contained in the Queen's speech, led by Boris Johnson and what the electorate voted for. It should ask the members in a simple yes/ no ballot whether they accept the resignation of the Prime Minister. The board has this power. I have offered to pay for this ballot. Without this ballot, then whoever is the new leader, will have no credibility amongst the Party members and will have effectively endorsed the undemocratic, constructive dismissal of our elected Prime Minister. It will be a stigma that will stay with them throughout their leadership from which they will never recover.