Food storage hacks have blown up on social media in recent months, uncovering innovative ways to keep food fresh for longer. Herbs are a useful kitchen ingredient because of their diversity and ability to bring an array of dishes to life. However, many fresh herbs can wilt and go off at a rapid rate, especially if they aren't stored properly. Nick Drewe, savings expert at WeThrift, says getting to grips with food hacks could be crucial for households during the cost of living crisis. He said: “Though the cost of living has made food shops less exciting and more extortionate, various accounts on social media have shared their new and exciting methods to keep perishables fresh and firm - which don’t have to break the bank." He pointed out a "lesser-known" method of storing herbs which can keep them "fresh" for longer. READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips The hack was originally shared by Instagram account @testkitchen which has 1.5M followers to date. The experts explained: "Wrap fresh leafy herbs in a damp paper towel inside a zipper-lock bag and put them in the crisper drawer [in your fridge]. They'll last much longer." Mr Drewe shared his own method of "swaddling" which can also include using an airtight Tupperware container. He said: "The lesser-known method of herb swaddling. This involves removing any rubber bands or plastic ties holding the herbs together, then cleansing them in a salad spinner or under the cold tap. "Next, place them in a clean tea towel to dry. Once they are dry, wrap them up in a damp paper towel, then place the herbs safely inside a reusable plastic bag or an airtight plastic box - voila! "Your herbs should stay fresh and tasty for longer." Blogger Meseidy Rivera, who is one of the content writers for The Pioneer Woman, said this hack can help herbs last "up to three weeks." DON'T MISSSavvy mum-of-two shares 'an old trick' to bulk up meals  [INSIGHT]What will happen to Prince Harry's Duke of Sussex title? [EXPLAINER]Natural oil could 'prevent hair loss and thinning' - experts explain [INSIGHT] The shelf life of fresh herbs varies depending on how you store them.