The IRGC officer also reportedly had plans to follow up on that assassination by targeting former US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. Both individuals had previously been identified publicly by Iranian officials as targets for “revenge” over the 2020 drone strike that killed Qassem Soleimani, the head of the IRGC’s terrorist Quds Force. At present the IRGC officer remains at large but is outside the United States and unlikely to continue the same particular operations. Thankfully, for the time being, Bolton and Pompeo appear to be safe, but the unfortunate reality is that there are strong grounds to believe that further plots will be directed against them and other Western policymakers at some time in the future, by any number of other Iranian operatives. This is partly because neither the US government nor the international community as a whole has done anywhere near enough to discourage the Iranian regime and its supporters from pursuing their customary malign activities. One cannot overstate the significance of the news of the indictment emerging just a few weeks after it was revealed that the Belgian government would be implementing a treaty that sets the stage for the release of a convicted Iranian terror master. The Treaty for the transfer of Sentenced Persons ostensibly provides for persons convicted of crimes in Iran or Belgium to serve out their sentences in their home country. In practice, however, it will allow the Iranian judiciary to vacate the sentence of any Iranian convicted of committing a serious offence abroad such as plotting to bomb a venue hosting tens of thousands of Iranian dissident activists and their political supporters from across the world who had gathered to express solidarity with the main Iranian opposition, the National Council of Resistance of Iran, and its President-elect, Maryam Rajavi. That is precisely the crime for which Assadollah Assadi, the former third secretary at the Iranian embassy in Vienna, was sentenced to 20 years imprisonment by a Belgian court early last year. Prior to that, he had remained in detention since his arrest in Germany in 2018. However, if the treaty is implemented and applied to his case, he could be granted freedom after serving only four years of his sentence. That would be a travesty of justice and, worse still, a source of increased peril for Western security, Western interests, and Western nationals who might have the misfortune to come within the reach of Iranian organizations such as the IRGC. Releasing Assadi would convey the message that there are few malign actions if any at all, that the Iranian regime can attempt without later evading consequences if they fail. In fact, Assadi’s release would not even be necessary in order to convey that message to those officials at the top of the regime who were ultimately responsible for the attempted bombing of the 2018 Free Iran World Summit. Although Assadi’s prosecution established that he had been acting upon orders from those officials, neither Belgium nor any other prominent Western nation signalled any intention to demand accountability from anyone other than Assadi himself. Assadi’s release is likely to be concluded by way of a prisoner swap involving a Belgian aid worker who was taken hostage by the Iranian regime approximately one year after Assadi’s sentence was handed down. As a consequence, other Iranian terrorists will be justified in expecting that, even if they are caught plotting murder in another country, they need only wait for the Iranian authorities to seize a citizen of that country before they, too, are set free. To its credit, the White House responded to the news of the IRGC plot by warning of “severe consequences” for any attacks that may be carried out against American citizens. That, however, does not go far enough when a US ally, like Belgium is making such a grand gesture of appeasement. In the wake of the latest revelations about Tehran’s willingness to attack Western nations directly, it is essential for the West in general and the White House, in particular, to lead the way in countering the message of the Belgian - Iranian treaty, while also urging Belgian lawmakers to reconsider their decision to release a notorious Iranian terrorist. David Jones is MP for Clwyd West and former Minister of State for Brexit and Secretary of State for Wales.