 Strictly Come Dancing 2022 contestant Jayde Adams has jokingly lashed out at Meghan Markle over “plagiarism”. The comedian took to Instagram earlier today to pen a lengthy reflection on the Duchess of Sussex’s latest cover interview “for the funnies”.     Meghan recently sent shockwaves through royal fans as she appeared on the cover of The Cut, as part of an explosive wide-ranging interview. In the cover picture, the Duchess can be seen wearing a black turtleneck jumper and green earrings as she gazes directly into the camera. In her latest Instagram post, Jayde pointed out the similarities between Meghan’s picture and a photo of herself posing in a similarly serious manner wearing a black jumper. Sharing a collage of both pictures side by side, Jayde began: “At this point I think it’s the whole of LA. If you are new to my social media, BASICALLY I have prreeeetttty conclusive evidence that the whole of showbizness is copying me.   “In 2020 I released Serious Black Jumper on Amazon Prime, I have no idea the number of people who watched it cause they keep that on the downlow but 156million people have watched a clip from it.” She continued: “Let’s not get political under here about your feelings for someone you’ve not met, but let’s definitely smell a plagiarising rat here. “For the proof you desire that the entirety of showbizness is on the plage go to.” [sic] To ensure her post did not make headlines for the wrong reasons, Jayde included a warning in a tweet sent hours later.  She explained that the Instagram post had been made with satirical intentions as she stated that “life is funny”. Jayde wrote: “DISCLAIMER: (for the journos) I never put my true feelings about anything divisive on the internet. “I only ever want to do funnies and the people I get at are normally very rich. “Life is funny, let’s satirise it! Yay yay.” DON'T MISS...Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [INSIGHT]Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICTURES]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [UPDATE]  Jayde is an actor and presenter but best known as a comedian, winning several comedy awards including a nomination for the coveted Best Newcomer with her Edinburgh Fringe debut stand-up hour. As an actor, Jayde has worked on BBC Two BAFTA-winning comedy Alma’s Not Normal, the upcoming Take That movie Greatest Days, Amazon Prime’s Good Omens, and BBC One’s The Outlaws. She is also co-creator and star of ITV2’s upcoming brand new series Ruby Speaking. Jayde recently made headlines after being announced as one of the contestants participating in the upcoming series of Strictly Come Dancing.     "Since I watched the first series in 2004, I feel like every step I’ve taken in my career over the last 11 years was to be on Strictly," she revealed. "I cannot begin to express the emotions I am feeling, this means so much to me and my family. "I’ve always watched it, apart from a brief hiatus in 2011 as I was relentlessly gigging every weekend (to try and get on Strictly). "I’ve been a massive fan of the show for years. I feel like I’m watching myself in a dream and I can’t believe I’ve manifested this. Holding this in has been torture for me!"   