The Russian leader appeared to step down from the more bellicose nuclear posturing earlier this month, which was a feature of the Kremlin's war rhetoric throughout the invasion. He said there "can be no winners in a nuclear war and it should never be unleashed". He had previously warned the international community against involvement in the war in an allusion to Russia's nuclear arsenal, saying intervention would "lead you to such consequences that you have never encountered in your history". But the former commander of the Joint Forces Command warned that the "enormous taboo" of using nuclear weapons after nearly eight decades was no longer "unthinkable", but merely "unpalatable". General Sir Richard Barrons said if Putin “senses strategic defeat, he is likely to employ tactical nuclear weapons”. He described “Russian nuclear thinking” as accepting “the use of small nuclear weapons to impose unacceptable damage on an opponent as a means of coercion, particularly in circumstances where the existence of the state is in question”. He then pointed to a scenario in which Russia claims part of occupied Ukraine, such as the Donetsk and Luhansk regions making up the Donbas, which would inspire Ukrainian forces to retaliate. If the newly-imposed Russian borders were challenged, he predicted, the use of tactical nuclear weapons would just be “unpalatable”, rather than unfathomable. He said: “Before the end of this year, Russia will have declared areas of occupied Ukraine part of the Russian state. “So should a Ukrainian offensive roll over this new self-declared border, the use of nuclear weapons to break up the attack will be on the table. READ MORE: Putin rocked as Russian ship EXPLODES into devastating fireball “This is not unthinkable — it is only unpalatable.” However, General Sir Richard made the distinction between the “total devastation” of a “1,000 kiloton” bomb hitting a capital city, he theorises that a 10 kiloton warhead, carried on Russian Iskander missiles, could be detonated over a region of the Donbas. The city of Kramatorsk, with about 150,000 residents, is mere miles from the Donetsk front line, could be a target for such a limited nuclear strike. General Sir Richard explained: “Using online tools such as Nukemap, a 10 kiloton warhead detonated 2,200ft over a town the size of Kramatorsk in the Donbas would produce a fireball with a radius of around 500ft, a fatal radiation dose out to about 0.6 miles, blast damage enough to collapse buildings and cause third-degree burns a mile away. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin dismisses SIX commanders over war plan failures [LIVE] POLL: Should the US back down in Taiwan? [VOTE] China vs Taiwan MAPPED: Was Taiwan ever part of China? [MAP] “It would break windows 2.6 miles away.” Such a move, to blow away an advancing Ukrainian brigade, would “create a great sense of peril” throughout the world. It would also be an attack that would be limited to within Ukrainian borders, he added. He then said: “It would be the first use of nuclear weapons for 77 years, breaking an enormous taboo, but this is not inconceivable to Russians if the ends justify it in their eyes.” Shortly after launching the invasion of Ukraine, Putin put Russia's nuclear programme on high alert. Then, in April, foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said the risks of nuclear conflict were "considerable". He added: "I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. "Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it."