Manchester United star Christian Eriksen has opened up ahead of his return to Brentford. The Denmark international spent six months with the Bees earlier in the year after suffering a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last summer. And he’s now looking forward to heading back to his old employers as the Red Devils seek a first win of the season. Manchester United beat Brentford both home and away last season. And they’ll be hoping for a similar result at the Community Stadium today as they look to bounce back from last weekend’s chastening defeat to Brighton. Eriksen will be making his first return to his former club since moving to Old Trafford earlier in the summer. And, speaking ahead of the game, the Denmark international identified Ivan Toney, David Raya and Christian Norgaard as players to be aware of. "They have a lot of good players,” said the playmaker, who scored one and clocked up four assists during his brief spell with the club. “Obviously when you play with them you see how they really are and what they’re capable of. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything “You see more situations with the players than you normally do when you play against them for [just] 90 minutes. “But they have some very good players. The striker, Ivan Toney, is very good. The keeper, David [Raya], has been very good, [Christian] Norgaard, of the Danish guys. “The Danish guys are always good! They have good players in midfield and all round, and a few players that are very good." Eriksen also opened up on the defeat to Brighton last time out. "Exactly. That’s how also how we see it,” he said when asked if it was just a case of being one game with 37 to go. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already “Of course it was a setback, but it’s also a step on the road. “We know it’s a long road, a long season, so for us it was not the best start, but there’s only one way to turn that around and that is against Brentford on Saturday." Eriksen remembers his time at Brentford fondly, insisting it was the ideal time to play for the club given what happened to him last summer. "I had a very, very nice time at Brentford,” he stated. “Obviously it wasn’t as long as the other contracts I’ve had, but it was a perfect timing [in terms] of where I was at the time. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Brentford helped me in every way, in that sense, so I’m thankful for whatever they did. I had a lovely time. "They take care of each other. They’re really familiar with everyone and there’s a good vibe at the training ground. “They’re hard workers and they know that they need to work hard to get results, and that really gets into the whole core of the club and also the players." He has, though, made it clear he’s a United player now and loving life at his new team. "They’ve been nice. It’s a good group of players and staff, and around the training ground it’s been nice to be here,” he said. “We’ve looked around a few [areas] for houses and schools and apartments, and whatever we looked at. “We’ve been around, but at the moment it’s sunny of course, so it’s a completely different vibe to what I was expecting! And although United lost to Brighton, he labelled his debut as ‘special’. "It was special. It was a different colour shirt and a different vibe to it; a different support compared to normally when I played away [here],” he said. “But it’s a special place, and you feel the whole scenery, the whole stadium. It’s the Theatre of Dreams!”