 Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and her husband Prince William are set to move to Windsor in the coming weeks. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will relocate from their London home, Kensington Palace, to Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom property on the Windsor estate. Their move will position them closer to Queen Elizabeth II, who has taken a step back from public duties in recent months.  It also means their three children — nine-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis — will enrol at a new school in the Berkshire countryside and will live outside of the royal confines of Kensington Palace. Lambrook School is just a 15-minute drive away from the Cambridges' new home, meaning the couple will be able to continue their hands-on approach to parenting which involves doing the school pickup and drop-off. While the school does offer the option of boarding, it is understood that none of the children will board at this time. One royal expert has claimed this decision will give the three children a “much better, rounded experience of life,” and is an example of William trying to “right the wrongs of his own childhood”. READ MORE: Meghan claims FACT-CHECKED: 'Fantasist' Duchess debunked by experts  Speaking on last week’s episode of the Pod Save The Queen podcast, Russell Myers, royal editor at The Daily Mirror, said: “I think it will prepare them for a much better, rounded experience of life — being at home, being close to the Queen, having that environment around them. “And regardless of your thoughts on sending children to private school, it can surely be a good thing that the family are keeping all together. “And William, I suppose, is trying to right the wrongs of his own childhood.” Mr Myers referred to the Duke of Cambridge being sent to Ludgrove School at the age of eight. He boarded at the Middlesex-based preparatory school until the age of 13 when he was sent to Eton College, the prestigious boys' boarding school located in Berkshire.  While the Cambridges are not sending their children to boarding schools yet, it is something they may consider in the future. Ingrid Seward, author of ‘William & Harry’, told OK! magazine last week: “Kate and William are modern parents and will weigh up the decision very carefully. “I think they’ll wait to see how the children’s personalities develop, and take into consideration whether or not they would be happy to live away from home.” She continued: “Having experienced terrible trauma in his own childhood, William is very tuned in to his children’s mental health.”  In 2020, William admitted that having children brought up some of his old wounds from his mother’s death. During the BBC documentary, ‘Football, Prince William and Our Mental Health’, the Duke said: “I think when you've been through something traumatic in life ... your emotions come back in leaps and bounds because it's a very different phase of life. “And there's no one there to, kind of, help you, and I definitely found it very, at times, overwhelming.” William added he and Kate, who he wed in April 2011, work as a team to raise their children and “support each other”. DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS]  He continued: “We go through those moments together and we kind of evolve and learn together.” In a discussion with former professional footballer Marvin Sordell, who grew up without a father, William said: “I think emotionally, things come out of the blue that you don’t ever expect or maybe you think you’ve dealt with and so I can completely relate to what you’re saying about children coming along, it’s one of the most amazing moments of life but it’s also one of the scariest.” William has previously recalled having a “difficult time” during his days at boarding school. His and Kate’s decision to not send their children, in particular George, to boarding school, signals a "big change" from the traditional royal procedure.  Speaking on Palace Confidential, The Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden discussed the change, saying: “The other key difference from the past is that all three children are going to be day pupils. “They're going to be travelling back and forth to the home in Windsor, they're not going to be boarding which William did from a young age.” He added: “Quite recently he spoke about how, I wouldn't say traumatic, but how difficult that could be sometimes. “He talks about travelling in the car with his mother, and sort of playing Tina Turner songs, think it was 'simply the best', really loud to try and suit their nerves.” He said that George, Charlotte, and Louis are “not going to have that”, adding “they're going to be day pupils, so that's a big change."