Prince Louis found "some competition" in his sister Princess Charlotte, one royal fan joked while admiring the latest pictures of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's daughter snapped today. The seven-year-old accompanied Kate and Prince William to Sandwell Aquatics Centre to watch swimmers competing during the Commonwealth Games 2022. While watching the ongoing event, Charlotte didn't hide her feelings and pulled a few adorable and hilarious expressions. In one photo, she can be seen clapping cheerfully while in another she looks at the ongoing event with her eyes wide open. In yet another snap, the royal seems unimpressed, while in a fourth she lets out wholehearted laughter alongside her dad William. Commenting on the pictures, Twitter user @abcd12379888910 wrote: "Cutiee. Louis got some competition!" SEE MORE PICTURES FROM PRINCESS CHARLOTTE'S PUBLIC APPEARANCE TODAY Royal watcher Kayla Adams also wrote: "Princess Charlotte is giving her brother Louis a run for his money with these expressions today." Another fan of the Cambridges, @royallybelle_, focused instead on a different picture, showing Charlotte giving a sign of approval to her dad. She wrote: "Princess Charlotte’s thumbs up for her dad! So adorable." Princess Charlotte's sweet expressions sparked comparison with her youngest brother Louis after the four-year-old melted hearts during the Platinum Jubilee weekend in June. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's biographer's new book to 'have the world talking' Louis stole the show at both the event he attended as he pulled a few unforgettable faces. Standing next to the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace on June 2, the tot was photographed with his hands on his ears and eyes shut, possibly shielding himself from the noise created by the passing aircraft. The boy was also spotted admiring the planes flying above his head with his mouth wide open. Moreover, he was seen chatting with his 96-year-old great-grandmother about the arrival of the Red Arrows. On the last day of the long Jubilee bank holiday weekend, Prince Louis sat in the royal box with his siblings and parents to watch the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. The boy was seen waving, laughing with his cousins Mia and Lena Tindall sitting behind him and even pulling his tongue out at Kate. The adorable toddler was also photographed being cuddled by his mum while hugging her, chatting with Prince William and enjoying part of the show while sitting on his grandfather Prince Charles's lap. Charlotte's appearance in Birmingham this morning was particularly poignant for the young Cambridge, as it marked the first time she ever stepped out for an official event without her siblings. After watching swimmers, she was introduced to Perry the Bull, the Games' mascot designed by 10-year-old Emma from Greater Manchester after winning a national contest. Charlotte also joined William and Kate for a meeting with SportsAid, a charity supporting young athletes and their families. Kate, the patron of the organisation, looked on proudly as Charlotte was tasked with adding another medal to the board at SportsAid House keeping score of how many awards alumni of the organisation have gained for the Home Nations at the Birmingham's Games. While at SportsAid House, Charlotte, Kate and William got to meet many athletes and heard more about the interactive workshops and coaching sessions being offered by the charity. Much like her siblings, Princess Charlotte is slowly being introduced to royal duties by her parents. The seven-year-old first took part in a walkabout on Christmas Day 2019, after attending the traditional service at St Mary Magdalene Church. One year later, with the rest of her family, she walked down the red carpet at the London Palladium theatre to attend a special panto performance for NHS workers. In March, she joined George, Kate and William at Westminster Abbey for the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. And in June she reached a personal milestone as, in the midst of the Jubilee weekend, she carried out her first-ever official visit to Cardiff.