Victoria Ferri, a member of the Facebook group, "Pass Wide and Slow", is urging people to be aware of horses and their riders. She claims riders are being subjected to "verbal abuse" and have reportedly been spat at, shouted at, and even hit by passing vehicles. Victoria, from Disley, Cheshire, said: "We are constantly abused. I have been hit twice in my village by vehicles, as has my horse. "I have been spat at, shouted at, passed far too close by vehicles and large lorries. "I have also had people beep their horns and just show a complete lack of tolerance or kindness from drivers. "People don’t realise how dangerous they are being and a small minority don’t even seem to care. "It’s very stressful for us and our horses, it can cause the horses to be reactive and not happy to go out on certain roads if they have had a bad experience there. "For the sake of a little bit of patience and understanding, they are prepared to put ours and our horses' lives at risk." The Pass Wide and Slow campaign group is planning to stage a nationwide event next month, which will see riders take to roads across the country to raise awareness of the issues. Victoria added: "This is such an important issue and it’s vital for our safety that we spread our message as far as possible into the non-equestrian community. "We have as much right to be on the roads as anybody else and we also have a right to be treated with respect and remembered that we are human beings, whose lives have value and that shouldn’t be taken lightly." Defiant Victoria said that riders have "every right" to be on the road, calling the current stance towards horses "unacceptable". According to the equestrian campaigner, many cases of abuse result in no prosecution, which serves to only exacerbate the issue. The Highway Code states that drivers should be "particularly careful" of horses, which are described as flight animals. Motorists are advised to pass wide and slowly, decelerating to a maximum of 10mph and allowing at least two metres of space. The national campaign ride will take place at locations across the country on Sunday, September 18. For more details and to join a ride near you visit the Pass Wide and Slow Facebook group.