Ever since Daniel Craig stepped down from the iconic role of James Bond back in 2021, all eyes have been on Bond bosses. No Time To Die brought a definitive end to the star's version of the hero, and - more importantly - opened the door to a brand new actor. This week, the first new actor to play James Bond was announced for Japan only - a woman named Suzuho Makaze. James Bond is getting a brand new Casino Royale adaptation on theatre stages in Spring 2023. The new production - "Casino Royale - My Name Is Bond" - is based on Ian Fleming's original literary work, and will employ an entirely female cast. (According to Mi6 HQ) The cast are the Takarazuka Revue, an all-female theatre troupe that was established in 1913. As is tradition, women play every role. Japan also has an all-male theatre troupe, Kabuki, which does the same but in reverse. These acting troupes are similar to The Lord Chamberlain's Men, an all-male British acting troupe that still works today. This rendition of James Bond will be the first time the character has been portrayed by a woman. But not the first time 007 has been a woman. In No Time To Die, Lashana Lynch's character Nomi was given the mantle of 007 after Bond went AWOL. She promptly returned the codename to James by the end of the movie, though. Since then, a debate has been raging over whether Craig's replacement as Bond should be a woman - but many of the stars involved in the franchise do not think so. Craig himself spoke out during the promotion of No Time To Die last year. When quizzed about whether a newcomer to 007 should be a woman, he replied: "The answer to that is very simple: There should simply be better parts for women and actors of colour." READ MORE: Next James Bond: Bad news for Sam Heughan fans after 'casting news' Craig went on: "Why should a woman play James Bond when there should be a part just as good as James Bond, but for a woman?" Bond boss Barbara Broccoli echoed these sentiments. She has been at the forefront of hiring the actors to play Bond, James Bond for decades, and her opinion remains unchanged. She said: "James Bond can be of any colour, but he is male." DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: Bad news for Sam Heughan fans after 'casting news' [INFO]Next James Bond: Henry Cavill struggles to end stalemate in 007 race [INSIGHT]James Bond future revealed up to 75th birthday - with Idris Elba role [INFO] Broccoli went on: "I believe we should be creating new characters for women - strong female characters. I'm not particularly interested in taking a male character and having a woman play it. I think women are far more interesting than that." And the odds seem to line up with Craig and Broccoli's opinions. Earlier this week Ladbrokes awarded Henry Cavill 2/1 odds on becoming the next 007, making him the favourite in the running. Just behind him is Idris Elba, who has a staggering 4/1 on becoming the new hero. Tom Hardy also has great odds. The Venom actor currently has 5/1 from Ladbrokes. In fact, the top five actors primed for the 007 role are all men. Nicola McGeady of Ladbrokes said: "The race to play James Bond looks wide open right now. The top five in the betting have all attracted money over the last few months, but most recently momentum has shifted towards Henry Cavill over Idris Elba. Cavill is now the favourite, but it would be no shock to see more shake-ups." SOURCE