The Duke and Duchess of Sussex reside in a lavish £11million mansion in Montecito, Santa Barbara, with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. The royal couple now have a number of close celebrity friends nearby. Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry are said to be friends of the couple, with the American singer and British actor owning a home in Santa Barbara in the same gated community as Meghan and Harry. In May 2021, Harry spoke on Dax Shepard’s Armchair Expert podcast about his new lifestyle.  "Having moved, has it got better?" Dax asked the royal, referring to privacy and attention from paparazzi. "Yeah, way better," Harry said, before adding: "Just two days ago Orlando Bloom sent me a message because he's down the road and we sort of keep in contact because of the paparazzi." Next on the list will not come as a surprise following their tell-all interview in 2021 that stirred the pot amongst the Firm. Oprah Winfrey is also said to be a close friends of the pair, with the famous host also attending their wedding back in 2018. Oprah, owns a £40.9million mansion just up the road from the Sussexes, with Archie said to be a member of her book club.  James Corden has openly been friends with Prince Harry for years, with the British comedian also attending their wedding in 2018. Harry starred in James’s The Late Late show in 2021, where the pair rode a double-decker bus around LA. The Duke opened up about life since leaving his royal duties during his appearance, that went viral on social media. James lives in Brentwood, LA, with his family and was one of the close friends Harry had prior to moving. READ MORE: Meghan wedding struggle 'after rude' to aide  But James is expected to move back to the UK after quitting his show. Katharine McPhee grew up alongside actress Meghan Markle and even appeared in musicals alongside her as a child. Katharine and her music producer husband David Foster were pictured enjoying dinner at Lucky’s Steakhouse in Montecito with the Sussexes in October 2020. Just last year, Katharine spoke about her husband’s relationship with Harry, saying: “My husband has a really, really beautiful relationship with Harry. They're like, they're so cute. They're like father and son." Abigail Spencer is another friend of the pair, with the actress appearing on Suits alongside Meghan.  DON'T MISS:Queen's heartbreaking connection to Meghan Markle's special day [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry snubbed at Commonwealth event as Duke 'fought tears' [PICTURES] Abigail previously told ET: “I saw her and was like, 'Who is this gorgeous girl?' She was just so stunning and there was just something about her, and that's how we met.” She was also a guest at the wedding and helped Meghan throw her baby shower in New York. Priyanka Chopra lives in the same neighbourhood as the Duke and Duchess, and is said to be a long term friend of Meghan. Priyanka and her husband Nick Jonas were some of the first to visit Archie following his birth in 2019 at Frogmore Cottage. They reportedly bought a number of baby gifts from Tiffany & Co. Doria Ragland also made the list, with Meghan’s mother no doubt a regular visitor to the pair to get plenty of time with her grandchildren. She regularly visited the UK to help with pre-wedding planning and was present for Archie’s birth. 