A resident living in a Welsh seaside town claims she was left "shaking" with anger after a holidaymaker visiting the popular stretch of coastline began "screaming" at her when she asked them to stop blocking her driveway. In a post on Facebook, a woman living in Penmaenmawr, Conwy, claimed that a tourist had become so angry when confronted that she threw traffic cones put out to prevent people from parking opposite the resident's drive. One cone is still reportedly missing after it was thrown away from the street, NorthWalesLive reported. The on-street argument saw the holidaymaker cursing the resident for apparent anti-tourism attitudes. The incident occurred on Station Road, a street commonly affected by parking issues due to its location, with an underpass leading straight to the promenade. READ MORE: Drivers warned against using popular fuel-saving trick Although the promenade offers free parking, the street is closer to the beach café, playground, and paddling pool. This means that tourists often choose to park there, sometimes making it difficult for residents to gain access to their homes due to narrow sections of the road and faded "keep clear" markings. The resident involved in the altercation had taken to putting cones out on the road over the old street markings, which have almost completely worn away, to ensure she can get out of her driveway and onto the narrow road. However, earlier this week she found a car full of visitors parked over them and went outside to let them know she needed access so they would have to move. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of fines for simple indicator error [WARNING] The Queen has a hilarious nickname for the sat nav in her car [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of simple wing mirror mistake that can lead to theft [REVEAL] Unfortunately, the confrontation didn't quite go to plan, and soon the woman had one of her cones thrown back at her driveway, with the other chucked off of the road. It hasn't been seen since. Posting about the incident on Facebook, the woman said: "I’m shaking, I’m so bloody angry! “I have asked countless people not to park there and not one person has ever reacted that way, it was totally shocking and really uncalled for. “I went out and said: 'Excuse me, you can’t park there as I won’t be able to get my car out, that’s why the cones are there'. READ MORE: Huge overhaul needed to reform 'chaotic and outdated' licensing syste “The driver came out screaming at me about shouting – I wasn’t shouting, just asking – then started saying it’s because she was a holidaymaker. Not at all love, I just need to get in and out. “Seriously, don’t take it out on me if you're having a crap holiday and have a bit of bloody respect for the locals who have to live here and still drive their cars. “I don’t give a crap if you’re a holidaymaker or local, I still would have asked you not to park there so I could get in and out of my drive. “The stupid thing is all she had to do is pull the car up a few feet and save all the bloody drama.” [SIC] Another resident reported similar problems. She said: “I have real difficulty parking at the front of my house during the summer months. “I have to park in our overflow car park, which is far from ideal. I just wish people were more considerate.” Some in the community want parking permits or additional road restrictions. One resident said: “It should be permit only all along here at the front. There are car parks for holidaymakers to use. “The amount of times there are cars blocking all along the road by the tunnel as well – if a fire engine needs to come through we are screwed.” The Station Road resident plans to lobby Conwy Council for action. She said: “It’s so infuriating when you can’t access your house. Parking is such an issue all up and down the road when it’s this busy. “And it’s getting worse with more people holidaying at home rather than abroad.” As residents have not yet raised the issue with Penmaenmawr Town Council, the authority said it was not in a position to act.