Homegrown strawberries are unbeaten for their sweet, juicy taste, making them a firm favourite in the summer. While strawberries are perennials and will grow back yearly for around six years with the right care, planting runners is a great way to boost your harvest for even more berries - and it won’t cost you a penny. According to gardening experts, it’s almost the perfect time to start planting strawberry runners taken from established plants, and it’s very easy to do. The experts at Grow Veg said: “If you’ve grown strawberries before you’ll have noticed that plants throw out several long, leafless stalks called runners.” Along these stalks, small plantlets will appear and can be used to “quickly raise new plants”. These naturally occurring stalks are found on most strawberry varieties, with June-bearers known to produce lots of runners while everbearing day-neutral strawberries produce less. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients According to Grow Veg, established strawberry plants will send out multiple runners over the soil surface during the growing season. Each runner has a tiny plant at its end which makes them so easy to root and grow into new plants. While it is tempting to cut runners off while the strawberries are still fruiting, the Royal Horticultural Society explained that these young off-shoots are best planted after harvesting. It said this should be done in late summer, but “no later than” early autumn. For gardeners in the Northern parts of the UK, the first week of September is the best time to plant runners, though gardeners in Southern Regions can usually wait until the second week of the month. Growing strawberries from runners is the same as propagating plants using cuttings. While most plants will grow runners as soon as they are established, the Grow Veg experts said that there are a few rules to follow to get the best results from runners. They said: “Runners take a lot of the plant’s energy to produce, so in the first two years of life they should be cut off from where they emerge to concentrate the plant’s efforts on fruit production. “From year three some of the runners can be used to propagate new plants. Only ever use healthy runners from vigorous, disease-free plants. Unless you plan to dispose of the parent plants, limit the number of runners to five per plant.” DON'T MISS:'Serious nuisance': 5 ways to stop squirrels from eating tomato plant [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [ANALYSIS]'Very valuable': Smart tech to add more than £2k to your home's value [REVEAL] Before cutting the stalks free from the original plant, it is essential to “peg down” rooting plantlets that appear on the runners. To get the tiny roots to be fully established, peg down the plantlet into the ground or into pots of potting soil with a hairpin, U-shaped clip, or a length of garden wire bent into shape. This should be done nearby the parent plant in order to keep the runner attached while the new one forms. The runner should be in close contact with the soil for the best results. After around six weeks, new leaves will appear to indicate that it is ready to be severed from the main runner. Grow the duplicate where it is, or dig it up to re-plant in the fresh ground for the final crop to grow. New plants are perfect for filling strawberry planters, troughs, or even a display of pots to brighten up your patio. If the winter is particularly cold, it is best to leave runners in a cold frame or greenhouse and plant them out in spring, after the risk of frost has passed.