The Queen's beloved cousins, Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra and Prince Michael of Kent have been a great support to the Queen throughout her 70-year reign. But when the Queen and her cousins were young, tragedy struck the Kent family upon the death of its patriarch, Prince George, Duke of Kent. Prince George, Duke of Kent was the younger brother of King George VI, making him the Queen's uncle. George married Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark in 1934 and they had three children, Prince Edward, Princess Alexandra and Prince Michael. After working in the Royal Navy in his early years, the Duke of Kent went on to establish a career in the RAF. READ MORE: 'Royal rebel' Lady Amelia Windsor shows 'desire to avoid criticism'  On August 25, 1942, George and 14 others departed from Invergordon in Scotland in an RAF Short Sunderland flying boat. The party intended to fly to Iceland, but the aircraft crashed on a hillside near Dunbeath, Caithness in Scotland. All but one of the plane's passengers died on board, and the Duke of Kent was among the fatalities. At the time of his death, Prince George was 39 years old.  The death of the King's brother rocked the Royal Family, and it marked the first time in more than 400 years that a royal had died on active service. The Duke's funeral was held at St George's Chapel, Windsor, and he was buried at the Royal Burial Ground in Frogmore. When Prince George died, Prince Michael of Kent was less than two months old, while Alexandra was five and Edward was six. Now 80 years on, the Kent siblings are likely privately marking the anniversary of their father's death.  DON'T MISS:Who killed Diana? Truth's never been clearer says ANGELA EPSTEIN [COMMENT]Royal Family: Couldn't make it up! Meghan hit with backlash [INSIGHT]Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara: A look at Queen's 'timeless' diadem [PICTURES] Upon his sudden death, Prince George's Duke of Kent title passed to his eldest child Prince Edward. The Queen has remained close to her Kent cousins over the decades, and Prince Edward and Princess Alexandra are working members of the Royal Family. The Queen's close bond with Prince Edward was clear for all to see at the Platinum Jubilee edition of Trooping the Colour this year when Edward joined the Queen to watch the spectacle from the palace balcony. 