In this memorable Platinum Jubilee year for Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, it is an ideal moment to reflect on the centuries of warm ties between our countries and the ways in which we are both addressing the challenges facing our national and global societies today. Morocco and the UK are old allies: just a 30-minute ferry ride across from Gibraltar, we share 800 years of friendship. Today’s Morocco is a modern, progressive country, committed just like the UK to innovation, investment in technology, entrepreneurship, green energy and meeting the demands of climate change. Responding to the energy challenges confronting both our Kingdoms, under His Majesty’s leadership, Morocco constructed the largest solar generation facility in the world in Ouarzazate, contributing to ensure that 80% of our country runs on renewable energy by 2050. The UK has embraced the same clean energy priorities and we look forward to delivering together: for example, the new X-links project would harness our abundant solar and wind resources to power seven million British homes with clean energy via undersea cables from Morocco by 2027. Energy is just one of the global challenges which both our countries face and where we share a common approach. As we modernize our infrastructures, meet the demands of food security and embark on programs of social inclusion and economic growth, we find shared aspirations and promising potential for cooperation. Coastal areas across England are being granted freeport status to boost regional employment and international commerce. In Morocco, our state-of-the-art Tanger-Med Port has been established as a global logistics hub ready to welcome UK businesses to trade with us and deepen our kingdoms’ friendship. This port, Africa’s largest, reinforces Morocco’s position as the Gateway to the African continent. UK investors have much to gain from pursuing opportunities in Africa’s youthful and growing markets – in which Morocco has such deep experience and expertise to share.