   Debbie McGee, 63, didn't hesitate in responding to her BBC colleague on Twitter after the presenter cheekily snubbed her in a Strictly-related tweet. Debbie made it to the finals of Strictly Come Dancing in 2017, placing as a runner-up as Joe McFadden went on to lift the glitterball trophy.      Last week, sports presenter and radio host Ady Williams tweeted about what he considered to be the “best ever dance” on Strictly. He wrote: “Random: Jay McGuiness and Aliona Vilani 2015 still the best ever dance on strictly for me. “Considering it was only week 3!! Google it, amazing, you won’t be sorry. “Apologies to the lovely @thedebbiemcgee,” he added with a kissing emoji. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning    Debbie and Ady have both worked together on BBC Radio Berkshire, so the former couldn't resist sending him a cheeky reply on Twitter. “I should think so,” she responded with a crying-laughing emoji. Ady then sent back an emoji with a monkey covering its eyes with its hands. Debbie was one of the oldest contestants in the competition when she partnered up with Giovanni Pernice, but turned out to wow audiences with her incredible dance moves.      Two years before in 2015, The Wanted star Jay McGuiness won the competition alongside partner Aliona Vilani. A few of Ady’s fans and followers were impressed with his extensive Strictly Come Dancing knowledge. Roz Gray wrote: “Totally agree! Very impressed with your Strictly knowledge Ady!” “My fav too,” added Shelley Handy, while Bob Bacon commented: “Impressive knowledge!!!!” READ MORE... Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [INSIGHT] 'Thought you were naked!' Carol Vorderman, 61, in VERY low cut bikini [NEWS] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [NEWS]      This year, Strictly Come Dancing is once again announcing its line-up for the 2022 series. So far, the list of stars taking part includes the X Factor’s Fleur East, Ted Lasso star Ellie Taylor and Loose Women’s Kaye Adams. A number of sports stars are also competing, including football manager and Arsenal legend Tony Adams MBE and gold medal-winning Paralympic swimmer Ellie Simmonds. The latest name to be announced is Hamza Yassin, who is best known for his roles presenting the BBC’s Animal Park and guest presenting on BBC’s Countryfile.      Last year, EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis won with Giovanni, who had previously been Debbie’s partner. Giovanni also came close to winning the competition in 2018, when his partnership with Steps star Faye Tozer brought him all the way to the final. Debbie is an English television, radio and stage performer who is best known as the assistant and widow of magician Paul Daniels. She currently presents the Sunday morning show for BBC Radio Berkshire and is a recurring member of the Loose Women panel.   