The Traffic Commissioner, which regulates the transport industry, has investigated the collision, which left the Stagecoach Devon bus on its side in a ditch near Totnes. Ten of the casualties were seriously hurt. The watchdog said the bus had been driven by Kameron Allan, 19, who was carrying out a duty for which he was not trained, Devon Live reports.It found, after a public inqiry in Exeter, that "more likely than not, Stagecoach Devon Ltd, trading as Stagecoach South West, ran a service that was dangerous to the public". The Commissioner for the West of England, Kevin Rooney, said: "I make that finding because it failed to comply with its own driver training procedures and Kameron Allan was not provided with the follow-up support and mentoring that the company’s own procedures said he should get. "He was allocated a duty for which he had not been trained." The inquiry was told the law forbids drivers under the age of 21 to handle routes of more than 50km. Stagecoach Devon argued the service between Torquay and Plymouth was split into two sections, so the rule did not apply. The Commissioner said the route had been registered as a split service to avoid the need to comply with the EU drivers hours and tachograph rules, following an indication from the Department of Transport in 2008 that such an approach was acceptable in that context. He described the argument that it was two routes rather than one as "pure fiction". The Commissioner said: "The Stagecoach Gold service from Torquay to Plymouth is advertised as a single service although registered as two connecting services, Torquay to Totnes and Totnes to Plymouth. The vehicle is the same. The driver is the same. The service retains the same name. There is a two-minute layover in Totnes. Any suggestion that it is two separate routes is pure fiction."  Mr Allan, who worked as a commercial assistant for Stagecoach, had passed his Passenger Carrying Vehicle test in July 2019, but had only completed around 25 hours of driving at the time he was asked to drive the Stagecoach Gold service on October 5. The hearing was told there was a driver shortage due to industrial action at the Torquay depot. The Commissioner said: "It appears to be that there was pressure to deal with a driver shortage so corners were cut. Commercial considerations overtook safety." Mr Allan, who the hearing was told now worked for Lothian Bus, lost control of the vehicle on a narrow country road as he turned to secure his hi-vis jacket which was hanging on a hook behind him and had started to blow out of the window. The hearing was told that Mr Allan was charged with ten offences of causing serious injury through dangerous driving but they were dropped at court and he was convicted in July 2021 of a single offence of careless driving. The Commissioner concluded: "I find that the operator failed to comply with its own procedures and so allowed in to service a driver, vehicle and route combination that would not meet its own standard criteria and was proven to be dangerous by the casualty outcome."  The Commissioner decided to take "moderate" regulatory action against the company, which has 900 drivers. He accepted it had strong systems to deal with maintenance and mainstream drivers, the vast majority of whom were well trained and fully competent. He said Stagecoach Devon had authority for 475 vehicles and had 388 in its possession, with a lower peak vehicle requirement, and he imposed a 10 per cent reduction on the operator's licence. The Commissioner added: “I find that the situation which allowed Kameron Allan to be driving was negligent and was likely to have increased significantly the road safety risk. The management control was clearly missing. The driver was insufficiently trained when measured against the operator’s own standards. “I also need to take regulatory action to curb the operator’s failure to comply with the law on driver age. I find myself in the bizarre situation of imposing a condition on the licence that the operator will comply with the law, however, it appears to be necessary.” The Commissioner also found that Stagecoach Devon had failed to notify the authorities of Mr Allan’s conviction for careless driving. The written decision of the Traffic Commissioner for the Western Traffic Areas was published on August 8, the day before Stagecoach Devon Ltd was fined £380,000 at Plymouth Magistrates Court for a health and safety breach which led to a driver being crushed by a reversing bus at the Torquay depot. A Stagecoach South West spokesperson said: "The safety of our customers, our employees, and others is our absolute priority. As a company, it is always put first before anything else. We sincerely regret the individual actions which led to the accident in 2019 and our thoughts remain with those affected. Senior past and present company executives have assisted extensively the Inquiry’s consideration of the issues involved, and we will continue to follow that constructive approach. "The bus route involved was registered to be operated in a similar way to many other bus services run by many other operators across the UK. "Moving forward, therefore, we believe it is important there is a consistent approach developed across the industry involving all bus operators, the Department for Transport, and the Office of the Traffic Commissioner on this issue. Our management and frontline teams are working hard in the face of very challenging circumstances facing the bus sector, and they remain committed to doing their very best for our local communities." 