Solar panels are becoming increasingly popular as average energy bills will increase from £1,971 to £3,549 in October and could hit £4,650 in January. Analysis of Google search data reveals that searches for "home solar panels" exploded 316 percent above average in March 2022, which was the highest level in the past five years. This interest in solar panels is on the rise again this August, especially after the latest ONS announcement that UK inflation hit a 40-year-high at 10.1 percent. But while thousands of consumers take on the internet to search for ways to smoothen the forecasted bill shock, experts warn to be wary of dangers and troubles that may come up. One of the dangers that loom is if unqualified people attempt to order the equipment and install it in their homes themselves, hoping they will be able to avoid the installation costs, which can be an additional burden. James Haynes from A-Plan Insurance spoke about the current potential of renewable energy solutions for individual properties and the appropriate procedure if someone wants to try an alternative. The company’s branch manager stressed that solar power is an emerging space with great potential, despite the fact that it currently covers only a minor fraction of the country’s energy production. READ MORE: Energy bills warning: 'Disastrous consequences' as thousands face debt Asked about the most popular renewable energy solutions, Mr Haynes told Express.co.uk: "In the UK wind power currently generates 26.1 percent - this is a combination of onshore and offshore wind. "So it is clear that there is still massive opportunity in this space but with better grants from the government solar (which currently only provides 1.8 percent) is becoming more and more popular." And when asked about whether people should take the matter into their own hands and find and install the alternatives themselves, the insurance expert noted: "We would recommend that all installations are done by qualified and certified experts. "Most of the solar installations will mean integration into your main electricity and you might not be covered by the manufactures warranties if it is not installed by certified professionals." Meanwhile, the energy crisis has become a central debate topic between Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak as the pair battle for the Conservative Party leadership. DON'T MISS: Turkey handed masterplan to outsmart Putin as 'gas bonanza' discoveredNext PM to be ‘forced into U-turn’ as Truss’ tax cuts plan a ‘joke’Don't Pay UK campaign blasts energy providers amid sky-rocketing bills  The insurance expert claimed that the upcoming Prime Minister and the new Government that will be formed soon should work on more "creative" ways to tackle the energy crisis, also by encouraging solar panel installations, as well as heat pumps. Mr Haynes said: "While the providers continue to enjoy record profits, the Government needs to work with them to give more back to consumers and find creative ways of engaging both the consumer and the industry to find solutions. "While there has been more of a focus on grants for electric vehicles, which has now closed, better household energy options have been less of a priority, and a missed opportunity. "New home heating and energy solutions, such as air source heat pumps and solar should be an option on the table for households already, however, remain price prohibitive - particularly now when we need them the most."