Thanks to his fine form, Nick Kyrgios has received a huge boost ahead of the US Open despite crashing out of the Canadian Open in Montreal on Friday. The Australian was exhausted as he lost to Hubert Hurkacz in the quarter-finals of the ATP tournament, but he had already secured a seed at the upcoming Flushing Meadows tournament. Kyrgios suffered a frustrating defeat to the Pole, with the outspoken star battling for two sets before he ran out of gas to lose 7-6(7-4) 6-7(5-7) 6-1. Hurkacz will face Casper Ruud in the semi-finals of the Canadian Open. However, Kyrgios will likely not be too fazed by the defeat. The Wimbledon finalist has been in fine form throughout the summer and capped it off with a pair of Citi Open wins, as he claimed both the men’s singles title and the doubles prize alongside Jack Sock. The 27-year-old was noticeably fatigued against Hurkacz but it was his win over Alex de Minaur in the previous round that proved to be far more notable. His 6-2 6-3 victory ensured Kyrgios will be seeded at the US Open, the fourth and final Grand Slam of 2022. READ MORE: 'I can't move' Nick Kyrgios sparks US Open injury fears vs Hurkacz “It was a goal, more so so I didn’t get one of the big titans or gods [in the] first round [of the US Open],” Kyrgios said after he defeated his compatriot. “I can actually work my way into the tournament. “I always feel that my game is right there, no matter who I play. Today I felt amazing and hopefully I can keep it going.” When asked about his performance against de Minaur, Kyrgios - who defeated World No1 Daniil Medvedev in Montreal - added: “Incredibly tough after yesterday’s big high, playing Daniil [Medvedev], and the crowd was amazing. It was a day I’ll probably never ever forget. DON'T MISSUSA announces Covid rule changes amid Djokovic US Open dramaKyrgios hits out at 'horrific' persona and opens up on beer incentiveCasper Ruud in Montreal Open judge toilet row - 'That's your business' “Today was really hard mentally for me to go out here and play Alex. We’re such good friends and he’s been having such a good career so far and carrying the Australian flag for so long. “It was just tough mentally. It’s never easy to play a player like that, especially if they’re Australian. “I just got out here and got the job done. I played the way I had to play. He’s a hell of a player. If you play to his strengths, he’s one of the best players we have in the game and he’s so fast. He’s going to have a hell of a career.”