Tottenham Hotspur are trying to sign Leeds United winger Daniel James before Thursday's summer transfer deadline, reports in England claim. Antonio Conte has made a surprise move to bolster his attack with the former Manchester United star in the final five days of the window. Spurs have been busy this summer, strengthening the Italian head coach's ranks with seven new signings. Highly-rated Sheffield United forward Will Lankshear is set to become incoming number eight in a £2million deal, but Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici may not be resting there. According to The Sun, Tottenham have made an official approach to sign James in the coming days. The north London giants want to recruit him on a season-long loan with the option to make it permanent next summer. However, if Leeds are to offload him, they want a transfer fee this year rather than next. Leeds only signed James last summer, paying their bitter rivals £25m for his services at the request of Marcelo Bielsa. The 24-year-old's stance is unclear, but he would undoubtedly be enticed by the prospect of working under Conte at a club competing in the Champions League this season. JUST IN: Ronaldo was furious after Glazers set Man Utd players a target  Spurs' intention of an initial loan could prove too big a stumbling block to overcome if they don't decide to propose a fee upfront. And the rapid Welshman is currently buying into Jesse Marsch's plans at Elland Road amid a strong start to the new campaign. James was suspended for Leeds' opening-weekend 2-1 triumph against Wolves before featuring in the 2-2 draw at Southampton, memorable 3-0 win over Chelsea and Saturday's narrow 1-0 defeat by Brighton & Hove Albion. He also starred in the 3-1 victory against Yorkshire foes Barnsley in the Carabao Cup second round. READ MORE: Chelsea have Fofana announcement plan with £75m signing medical today  Conte's desire to add to his attacking options late in the window is a surprise. Spurs splashed £60m on Richarlison earlier this summer and already had one of Europe's most lethal attacks in Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski at their disposal. James is far from a prolific forward, registering 13 goals and 14 assists in 113 appearances for United and Leeds. But his speed and movement make him a dangerous asset and are two traits Conte must feel he can utilise. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here