  Beatles star Paul McCartney took to Twitter this afternoon to announce the death of brother-in-law John Eastman, and it wasn't long before fans were consoling the singer. The musician called John “one of the nicest and smartest people” he had ever known and added that he would be “sorely missed”.     Paul wrote: “My dear brother-in-law, John Eastman, has passed away. “Having known each other for over 50 years it is an extremely sad time for me, and our families. “John was a great man. One of the nicest and smartest people I have had the good luck to have known in my life.” The star included a picture of the pair doing some yoga together, as they adopted different poses. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning    He continued: “Not only did he help me massively in my business dealings as my lawyer but as a friend he was hard to beat. “His sense of humour always shone through in everything he did and his devotion to his family was supreme. “We had so many fun times together through the years, but when the time came to be serious, he was unbeatable. “There is so much more that can be said of his incredible qualities, but words can hardly describe his passion for life and our affection for this amazing man.”      “He will be sorely missed but always held dear in the hearts of those of us who knew and loved him.” “See ya Johnny! Love Paul,” the musician signed off. John was the brother of Paul’s late wife Linda McCartney, who died aged 56 in 1998. Paul has been married to third wife Nancy Shevell since 2011. READ MORE... Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [INSIGHT] 'Thought you were naked!' Carol Vorderman, 61, in VERY low cut bikini [NEWS] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [NEWS]   The Beatles star was married to Linda for nearly 30 years, between 1969 until her death in 1998. After that, he was married to former model Heather Mills between 2002 and 2008. Paul’s fans and followers took to the comments section to send their best wishes to the star and his family. Herminia wrote: “Rest in peace, I'm so sorry Paul, you loved him so much, Linda's brother.” (sic)       While Jorie penned: “So sorry! I met him many years ago and he was very nice. Also met Linda’s dad. My condolences to you and the family…RIP John Eastman.” (sic) Matt commented: “I met him many times, a great guy. Sorry to read this.” Caren added: “Oh no! I’m so sorry Paul. I never met him but I’ve seen him when I went to New York when he was doing stuff there. Such a great Man…Friend, Brother, Son and Father.” (sic) Mal wrote: “Very sorry to hear this sad news. Over the years I have read much about John Eastman who was a much respected businessman and advisor to you as well as being a valued friend and relation.”   