Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag wants as many as five new signings by September 1, according to reports. One area the Red Devils want to strengthen is in their goalkeeping department, with Sergio Romero keen on returning. However, right now, there’s no indication the Argentina international will get his wish. It’s been a frustrating summer for United so far. Though Malacia, Eriksen and Martinez have all touched down from Feyenoord, Brentford and Ajax respectively, Ten Hag feels more is required if the club are to win a first Premier League title since 2013. And, according to the Manchester Evening News, the Dutchman would love as many as five more signings by the time the transfer window slams shut. He feels his side need a new back-up goalkeeper, particularly in the wake of the decision to send David De Gea out on loan. But while Romero would like to go back to Old Trafford, a year after he was allowed to leave by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, there’s ‘not been any indication from the club so far that they'd be receptive to it’. United obviously want a midfielder. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative They’re short in that department, especially following the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic, while Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard have also left. Frenkie de Jong is their priority target, with United already agreeing a £63million deal with Barcelona for the Netherlands international. But Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans have all been linked as well, having all impressed in recent years. United would like a senior forward at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future with the club remains unclear. The Portugal international made his first appearance of pre-season on Sunday, playing 45 minutes against Rayo Vallecano before leaving the stadium early. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join But Ronaldo wants to go, with the 37-year-old eager to play in the Champions League as he enters the twilight years of his career. A fourth deal the Red Devils would like is for a ‘younger forward’, too. Antony is one player Ten Hag admires, with the duo previously achieving success together at Ajax over in the Netherlands. However, the Eredivisie giants are reluctant to lose another key player having seen Martinez, Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui jump ship already. Benjamin Sesko is one to keep an eye on, with United admiring the Red Bull Salzburg striker. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Stuttgart hitman Sasa Kalajdzic is another alternative, with the forward scoring 24 goals from 57 games for the Bundesliga side so far. The fifth, and last signing United to make is at right-back. Ethan Laird is poised to go out on loan, despite impressing during the Red Devils’ 1-1 draw with Rayo Vallecano on Sunday. And United feel they need another fresh face to challenge the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Diogo Dalot for a starting berth. Meanwhile, amid the club’s ongoing pursuit of De Jong, Paul Robinson thinks both the Barcelona star and Tielemans should be snapped up at the same time. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “If I was United I would want to see both De Jong and Tielemans come through the door,” he told Football Insider. “They need players in all areas, in all honesty. They need to revamp the squad. “It would not be one or the other for me. I would go out there and sign both of them. “The De Jong deal is taking a long, long time for whatever reason. If they can get Tielemans that would be a big help because he is a phenomenal player. “He brings different things to De Jong. United should be doing both.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here