Former Leeds United star Danny Mills has urged his ex-club's fans not to get carried away with Brenden Aaronson despite his dazzling start to life at Elland Road. The American youngster was signed this summer from RB Salzburg and has made an immediate impression in the Premier League, but Mills warned about the possibility of a dip in form once 'reality' sets in. The Whites splashed out £24.7million on Aaronson, who had already proven himself as a livewire over two seasons in the Austrian Bundesliga. Still two months shy of his 22nd birthday, the attacking midfielder is seen as a player with huge potential that could be fulfilled with Leeds. Aaronson's slick play in the No 10 role has played a large part in their fast start to the season, having picked up seven points from a possible nine. His skills were on show in a 3-0 win over Chelsea on Sunday, during which he opened the scoring with his first Premier League goal. Even so, Mills has urged Leeds fans not to read too much into his first few games for the club, citing the natural rush of 'adrenaline' that comes with trying to make an instant impression. JUST IN: Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi bury the hatchet to combine for goal after eight SECONDS "Aaronson looks a decent player," Mills told Express Sport, in association with Sky Bet. "I think they tried to get him in the window previously but couldn’t pull it off. I’ve always said, players that go to a new club have an adrenaline flow in the first three or four games when they’re up for it. "It’s like the new team that gets promoted – there’s a buzz. There’s excitement and an extra dose of energy. Suddenly, after five or six games, reality can sometimes click in. You may have a dip in performance and then you start to work it out. DON'T MISS: Chelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap deal  "Don’t judge these players after three or four games because anyone can have a fantastic game but longevity is key. You’ve got to do it week in, week out over the course of the season. Undoubtedly there’s potential in there, but they’ve got to keep proving it." Leeds fans will also pin their hopes on a raft of other summer signings after they let go of key players Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips. Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roca, Joel Robles and Darko Gyabi have all been recruited and the Whites are also flirting with the possibility of signing a striker to support Patrick Bamford. But Marsch may already have the right man hiding in plain sight with Rodrigo on fire this campaign. A superb header against Chelsea was his fourth goal in three Premier League matches and the Spanish international is already on course to beat his best goals tally in a single season for Leeds. "He's been massive," said Marsch on Sunday. "He's been all-in. Getting better every day. He's committed at the highest level. He's in the form of his life and we have bunch of guys now. Harrison, Aaronson. They're all at a high level. It's a good sign. You can see real potential." The Sky Bet Fan Hope Survey asked fans from all 20 Premier League clubs their views on the way their clubs are run. Manchester City fans are understandably very pleased with their club’s hierarchy, with a staggering 99% of City fans believing their club is well-run and 88% hoping their owners remain at the club. As it turns out, Manchester City has been ranked as the second-best-run club in the league, taking 16% of votes from all Premier League fans, behind only Liverpool (26%). Somewhat surprisingly, 70% of City fans would prefer to have an owner who funds their club ethically even if it meant less money for them, despite speculation that their owner’s funds originated from shady sources,. Nevertheless, it appears City fans are content with their ownership structure, with 83% believing their owners care about the fans. It appears that Newcastle fans are willing to turn a blind eye to their financiers, with 59% stating they do not care where their owners’ money comes from. This is a stark difference from the overall 76% of Premier League fans who’d prefer an owner who funds their club ethically, even if it means less money.