Manchester United are reportedly interested in a loan-to-buy deal for PSG bad boy Mauro Icardi, according to reports from his native Argentina. The Parc des Princes outcast has been told he is free to find a new club by manager Christophe Galtier as the Ligue 1 champions target a new centre-forward. Earlier this summer, PSG bid for West Ham's new signing Gianluca Scamacca during his time at Sassuolo but a deal could not be struck. Benfica starlet Goncalo Ramos was also of interest but Newcastle are now expected to move ahead of them in the race for the youngster's services. Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford is also said to be under consideration following 'positive' conversations with his entourage. However, in order to make room within the squad, PSG must shift Icardi - a 2020 signing from Inter Milan following an impressive loan spell in the French capital. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag According to TyC Sports in South America, both United and Galatasaray are interested in a swoop for the 29-year-old. Icardi is one of football's notorious bad boys following his controversial relationship with wife and agent Wanda Nara and multiple clashes with the Inter Milan ultras during his time as captain at San Siro. In the closing stages of his time with the Nerrazzuri, Icardi refused to travel with Inter for a Europa League match against Rapid Vienna before he was eventually offloaded to PSG. He is not the only controversial figure to have been targeted by United in recent weeks either following the club's bid for Marko Arnautovic. READ MOREMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag The Red Devils saw an opening offer of £7.2million snubbed by Bologna before eventually cooling their interest due to fan backlash. Other options that have been considered by the club include Benjamin Sesko and Sasa Kalajdzic, although United are yet to firm up their interest in the latter after the Red Bull Salzburg attacker signed for RB Leipzig from next season. Icardi is currently training alone as PSG attempt to find him a new club alongside Nara. "The club is working side by side with Mauro to find the best possible solution. He had very little game time and I think the best thing is for him to relaunch his career in another more favourable place," Galter said on Wednesday. It's reported that Icardi would be open to a move to Old Trafford should United present a formal offer. Agent Nara is said to have already met with Galatasaray on three occasions ahead of a potential transfer to Turkey. Icardi scored just four goals in 24 Ligue 1 outings last season - the most league appearances he has made in a single season with the French club. A return to Italy with Roma or Juventus has also been mooted by so far PSG are yet to receive any offers.