Britons in their 50s, 60s and 70s are testing out new ways to ‘semi-retire’ which don’t require them to work eight hours a day. Homesitting might not make them a fortune, but it could be the key to a happy and fulfilled retirement. Retirees have been telling Express.co.uk about how they’ve found a fantastic way to semi-retire while exploring the UK and staying in some lovely properties. Looking after someone’s home - often with pets in situ - could be the perfect side hustle for pensioners as the working time does not exceed 1.75 hours per day. People employed by Homesitters typically earn around £170 as a couple for a two-week homesit, plus they get reimbursed for mileage at 45p per mile. Homesitters can also make huge savings on energy bills when they are staying in someone else’s home. READ MORE: NatWest increases interest rate on its Digital Regular Saver to 3.75%  Former hotelier, 77-year-old John Charlick has been home and pet sitting for four years since retiring from the hospitality industry. He told Express.co.uk: “I’m still working in the hospitality industry in a way. I’m a real people person and love the social side of the job but my favourite thing is staying in gorgeous homes and visiting places I haven’t been to before. “It can be like going on a mini break. I often stay in great locations and very glamorous homes, with swimming pools and tennis courts. “I took up playing the piano again a few years ago so if there’s a piano I enjoy playing in the evenings." DON'T MISSNationwide increases interest rates across savings accounts [ALERT]DWP confirms disability cost of living payment date [UPDATE]Building society launches new account with ‘attractive’ rate [ALERT]How much is inheritance tax and who needs to pay? [INSIGHT] He continued: “I also enjoy spending time with the animals, particularly dogs. "I’ve owned dogs in the past, but now that I live in a flat it isn’t practical to have one and they are rather a tie. "Homesitting gives me the opportunity to look after dogs and take them for walks, but I can then hand them back to their owners – rather like having grandchildren!” One of John’s most memorable gigs was an assignment in Guernsey.  READ MORE: How much can I earn and still claim Universal Credit? He said: “I’d never been to the island before, so it was interesting to visit for a week. I stayed in a charming house looking after a cat; it was almost like a holiday with free travel and accommodation.” John also enjoys taking on assignments in London where he used to live and still has lots of friends he can meet for lunch. The retiree added: “My favourite assignment is for a regular client who has a Whippet. "I stay there four times a year and usually arrive the night before the client goes away so that we can all have supper together – I almost feel like one of the family.”   Inge Dowden, a 52-year-old business coach from Bristol also told Express.co.uk how she loves homesitting and believes it could help people save £20k a year on travel.  