Deputy prime minister Richard Marles flew to Glasgow this morning ahead of a meeting with Defence Secretary Ben Wallace tomorrow. Express.co.uk understands the Aukus deal struck between the UK, Australia and America last year is set to be high among discussions. The trilateral partnership aims to increase cooperation on security threats and will see Britain and the US provide Australia with nuclear-powered submarines. Aukus left French President Emmanuel Macron enraged last September as Aukus overrode a previous deal signed between Canberra and Paris. France called the deal a "stab in the back" and temporarily recalled its ambassadors from the US and Australia. After landing in Scotland this morning, Mr Marles said: "Australia values our long-standing defence partnership with the UK. READ MORE: Macron shamed as French energy giant fuels Putin’s war planes "I am very pleased to have arrived in Glasgow on my first visit as deputy prime minister. "Looking forward to meeting my counterpart Ben Wallace and collaborating on a new era of opportunities and challenges." It is Ms Marles' first trip to the UK since he became deputy prime minister following the centre-left Labor party's win in Australia's general election in May. He will join Mr Wallace at the commissioning ceremony of the fifth Astute Class submarine, HMS Anson in Barrow-In-Furness tomorrow. While in Europe Mr Marles is also due to travel to France and to Germany. "My visit to Europe comes at a time when the war in Ukraine has shown the importance of increasing cooperation with like-minded partners, both in Europe and the Indo-Pacific," he said in advance of his trip. DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Is Emmanuel Macron a friend of Britain? [GET INVOLVED]Emmanuel Macron breaks silence on Liz Truss swipe as he mocks British [REACTION]Fury as Labour attacked for siding with France and the EU to bash UK [UPDATE] It's hoped the visit to France will help to further smooth over relations, with Mr Macron still smarting over the Aukus deal. The Australian government said the France stop would help "restore and renew" their bilateral relationship, calling France one of its "oldest and most capable partners". In June it reached a €555million (£475million) settlement with French military shipyard Naval Group over its scrapping of the prior multi-billion dollar submarine deal. Canberra said the settlement would help repair the rift caused by the abandonment of the pact. "Australia and France share historic ties and a strong commitment to Indo-Pacific security. "Defence cooperation is back on track," Mr Marles declared after the settlement was agreed earlier this year. "I look forward to growing this important relationship. Allons-y!" While in Germany Mr Marles will participate in a roundtable with defence industry representatives.