Tensions between China and Taiwan escalated this week as Taiwanese soldiers fired warning shots at a Chinese drone for the first time. Troops on the Taiwanese-controlled island of Kinmen just off the Chinese city of Xiamen shot at the unmanned vehicle, the Army Kinmen Defence Command said. The incident raises the temperature on the edge of the South China Sea, where Beijing has conducted live-fire drills near Taiwan in recent weeks. “They have shiny new fifth generation fighters, but their normal frontline fighters are Chinese copies of Russian gear.” Beijing has a reputation for copying foreign weapons and reverse-engineering them for the PLA. Most of China’s thousands of tanks are understood to be based on decades-old Russian models. The PLA’s Type 59 and 69 tanks are very similar to the Nineteen Fifties-era T-54 tank from the Soviet Union. Despite the two nations’ similarities in some of the military gear they use, China’s tanks were recently proven second best against their Russian counterparts. On Tuesday, Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing-wen said: “The more the enemy provokes, the more calm we must be. “We will not provoke disputes, and we will exercise self-restraint, but it does not mean that we will not counter.” In his own analysis of the situation, Dr Callahan compared a potential Chinese invasion of Taiwan to Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and issued a warning to western leaders. He said: “The difference between Taiwan and Ukraine is that the Ukrainians have space to trade for time, which they are doing. “They were not pushed out of any of the locations in the last few months, like Severodonetsk or Luhansk. “They pulled out. They weren't pushed out. And they have an ability to trade space for time, because they are a big country and Russian logistics are terrible. “Taiwan does not have that luxury. And so, part of this is, is that the West's response would need to be very quick. “Even a fumbling bear could swallow up Taiwan, because it is small, before there was a chance to do much about it.”