Icon Olivia Newton-John died on Monday after 30 years of enduring cancer. It was announced by her husband John Easterling the Grease legend, 73, died peacefully surrounded by family. Actress and close friend Jane Seymour talked to ITV audiences on Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, where she revealed the singer had been struggling in her final days. "She was an amazing woman," Jane commented when describing the Australian star. "And I knew her, gosh, I knew her from the time I first came to America. "I came out to America and stayed with her sister, Rona, and we got to know each other, we both had children around the same time. "We shared a lot of ups and downs, we both had a very interesting kind of parallel in our lives." READ MORE: Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!' Reflecting on some of Olivia's final moments, Jane continued: "I also saw quite a lot of her recently while she was really ill. "And she was in a lot of pain - it was really tough to see. "She's such a fighter, no one imagined she'd ever manage to keep going as long as she did, but she used to say to me, 'I'm a thriver, not a survivor.' "She supported everything I ever did, all she cared about was, 'What was my life like? How were my kids? How was life going on?' "We'd sit together in her back garden and just look at the hummingbirds. "And I brought a couple of pictures of her from the last time." Jane raised a couple of sweet photographs of her alongside a smiling Olivia for the camera to see. "She was very ill at that time and anyway, she was a really special person. DON'T MISS... EastEnders spoilers: Walford rocked by violent murder [SPOILER]Strictly Come Dancing fans in frenzy over eighth announcement [REACTION]Bargain Hunt's Charles Hanson set to make staggering £15k profit [LATEST] "She changed the world in many ways, especially in terms of what she did with cancer. "And she basically, instead of hiding things in her life, she opened up and said, 'This is what I've got, this is what it looks like.' "And then when it came back again and then again she was very open. "I spoke to one of her family today, I said, 'If I talk about her is there something I should or shouldn't say?' "They said, 'Do you know what? She laid it all out there.' "She cared about everybody else, she made a huge difference. "Her legacy is extraordinary, not just as a performer but as a friend, a champion of people who are dealing with cancer. "And I know from a personal level that she was so helpful to me." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.