Shocking footage shows a raging woman throwing all the rubbish from a bin on the street amid an altercation with a neighbour. The feud between neighbours started over the bins that occupied part of the road where cars usually park. The resident from Toledo, Ohio in the United States, started fighting with her neighbour by pushing the bins and trying to hurl their contents on the street. Addressing her neighbours who are watching her struggle, she shouted: "We can't ever park in front of this house because of y'alls trash cans!" But the homeowners resist and insist they have the right to leave their bins in the parking space on the road. The female tenant dressed in white shorts and a purple t-shirt, fumed: "You don't have the right to park in front of your house! It's a public street." "I could have seven cars parked on the street, it don't f***ing matter", the driver erupted. As the two neighbours fight over the bin, the driver tried to pull over and park in the parking space. As she tried to leave the bin in its original spot, the homeowner hit back: "It’s not your property!" The female tenant then violently pushed the bin to the ground. READ MORE: Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 "Will you stop?!" the homeowner erupted. "No, I’m not stopping!" the tenant fired back. Turning to the driver, the tenant ordered them to park the car: "Pull in!" she shouted. The homeowner’s husband comes to her aid and proceeds to return the bin to its original spot. DON'T MISS:Council worker sparks row after building 'monstrosity' in his garden [VIDEO] Public 'clogging 999 lines' by 'snitching' on neighbours [REPORT] Fence row boils over as woman gets ultimate revenge on neighbour [VIDEO] But as the altercation reached a stalemate, the tenant loses it and throws all the bins to the ground, running from one bin to another She tells the space-hogging homeowner: "I don't know why you're wasting your time." The husband gets involved and knocks over two bins behind the car to stop the woman from parking. The tenant then tips the entire rubbish storage upside down as she litters its content across the road, violently adding: "Fix that b**ch!" The intense feud featured in an episode of A&E show, Neighbourhood Wars. READ NEXT:Lorraine Kelly ‘wins battle to extend £2m cottage after bird poo row'Brits spend less money on food in cost-of-living crisis - but dine outAlan Fletcher admits he 'went through hard drives' on Neighbours setDisabled widow ordered to remove pond which helps with her anxietyHome and Away star Emily Davis didn't cheer Neighbours' demise