The money can go towards loft, cavity wall and external wall insulation costs, as part of the Energy Companies Obligation (ECO). The obligation is a Government efficiency programme to reduce carbon emissions and help keep people out of fuel poverty. Under the ECO, medium and large energy suppliers fund energy efficiency measures for eligible UK households. The grants are available for people aged 60 or above on a low income, who meet the other requirements. A person is eligible for ECO if they are a core group customer under the Warm Home Discount Scheme, from year 12 onwards. People can also get the support if they are on one of several benefits and they meet the relevant income requirements. READ MORE: 'I'm not where I should be' Dave Ramsey suggests how woman, 60 can get by in retirement Applicants must have their own home or have the permission of their landlord for the installation. Permission will also be needed if the property is owned by a social housing provider or a management company. A person can contact any of the obligated suppliers to find out what help is available, and they can get help from ECO regardless of who their supplier is. There is no need to buy energy from an obligated supplier to access the support. READ MORE: Money saving tips: Three ‘simple’ ways you could slash your energy bills by up to £250 Local authorities can refer residents to obligated energy suppliers so they can access the scheme. Energy suppliers themselves can also refer households who are struggling with persistent fuel debt and who are supported by suppliers. People who use pre-payment meters can also apply, if they have regularly been unable to stay connected to fuel supplies because they are struggling financially. Residents of England and Wales can find out more about energy efficiency, including the ECO scheme, on the Simple Energy Advice website. People who live in Scotland can contact Home Energy Scotland on 0808 808 2282 or get in touch via their website. If a person is eligible for an ECO grant, this does not necessarily mean a supplier or installer will decide to install an energy efficiency measure for them. An installer may contact a household themselves claiming to be under the ECO scheme. People should always ask for their TrustMark accreditation and registration number to verify they are legitimate.