Manchester United legends Gary Neville and Roy Keane were not completely on the same page after their old club's shock opening-day defeat to Brighton. The Red Devils lost 2-1 to the Seagulls at Old Trafford on Sunday and the pundits have given their say on the performance. Pascal Gross scored twice in the first half to put Graham Potter's side in dreamland. An Alexis Mac Allister own goal brought the hosts back into the game but the visitors held on for their first ever win away at United. Following Manchester City's 2-0 win at West Ham later in the day, Neville joined the Sky Sports pundits to discuss United's defeat and performance. The former England right-back claimed Erik ten Hag's players were giving it their all on the pitch. He said: "I think the players that they've got there, every single one of them that I watch, is giving 100 per cent. They need support and probably better players coming in alongside them as well. READ MORE: Saliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exits  "I'm not saying they're nothing to do with this but I just ask the question, I think they are doing their all." However, Keane disagreed. He claimed the statistics last season showed it was clear the players were not totally committed to the cause. The Irishman admits it is only one game into the new campaign but the signs are not good. Responding to Neville, Keane said: "But we saw the stats last year Gary. They don't run, they don't sprint. "To me that is not giving 100 per cent. The word coming out from the training ground over the last month or two is they are now training properly, there's discipline, they're gonna be training on time. DON'T MISSDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' madeArsenal handed perfect Pedro Neto incentive after 'unsuccessful £13.2m bid'  "That comes from within the group, no matter who the coach is, you know that better than anybody. The stats suggest, more so last season as we're obviously one game into the season, that they are not giving 100 per cent. "I think today was a lack of football intelligence, they're dead open, they can't seem to keep clean sheets. Huge, huge problems for the club, as we well know." United are back in action this Saturday when they travel to west London to face Brentford. Thomas Frank's side came from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Leicester in their first game of the season on Sunday.  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt