BBC drama Shetland makes its big comeback this week when it airs on Wednesday (August 10). Fans will be treated to six new episodes involving an enthralling case. Express.co.uk takes a look at the cast of the first episode in the brand-new series. Jimmy Perez - Douglas Henshall Veteran Shetland star Douglas Henshall reprises his role as the central detective Jimmy Perez for the last time. Henshall has previously appeared in Primeval, Home, In Plain Sight, Black Work, and Outlander, among other shows. Alison ‘Tosh’ McIntosh - Alison O’Donnell Alison O’Donnell is back as Alison ‘Tosh’ McIntosh, with Shetland marking her biggest role to date. She has also featured in TV shows Holby City and Feel the Force, along with short film Do No Harm and Pet Sematary. READ MORE: Shetland season 7 release date, cast, plot: When will Shetland return? Rachel Cairns - Shauna Macdonald Shauna Macdonald appears in the new series as Rachel Cairns, who owns a B&B with her husband with the couple fairly new to Shetland after moving from Glasgow. MacDonald has starred in The Descent movies as well as TV series The Scotts, This Thing of Darkness, and Hold the Sunset. Danny Cairns - Andrew Whipp Andrew Whipp portrays Rachel’s wife Danny, who co-owns the B&B and is left shocked after their son goes missing. Whipp has appeared in The White Princess, Netflix’s Cursed, Outlander as Brian Fraser. Connor Cairns - Nick Nunn Nick Nunn takes on Connor, who goes missing and is the subject of Jimmy’s investigation. Nunn has also appeared in HBO’s The Nevers, London Kills, Cliquer, and will be starring in the BBC’s upcoming SAS Rogue Heroes. Abbie Cairns - Lauren Conroy Rounding off the Cairns family will be Lauren Conroy as daughter Abbie. Shetland is the star’s first big role after featuring in ITV’s The Confessions of Frannie Langton. Sandy Wilson - Steven Robertson Steven Robertson will be again returning as detective Sandy Wilson with the actor hailing from Shetland. Robertson’s other credits include The Bay on ITV, Harlots, Luther, Being Human, and Utopia. Duncan Hunter - Mark Bonnar Fellow veteran Shetland star Mark Bonnar is back as Duncan Hunter, a role he’s played since 2013. Bonnar is no stranger to screens with roles in Line of Duty, Unforgotten, Guilt, Summer of Rockets, and Channel 4’s Catastrophe. DON'T MISS...Is Shetland actually filmed on the Shetland Islands? [ANALYSIS]Shetland: What happened to Mary Perez? [INSIGHT]Shetland fans outraged by season 6 finale arrest twist 'No Duncan!' [VIEWER REACTION] Bryd - Sorcha Groundsell Sorcha Groundsell portrays Bryd with the actress previously starring in Crime, Netflix’s The Innocents, The Harrowing, and Clique. Alison Woods - Laurie Brett Former EastEnders actress Laurie Brett takes on Alison Woods in Shetland with some of her previous work including Deadwater Fell, Waterloo Road, and Traces. Lloyd Anderson - Patrick Robinson Patrick Robison will be playing Lloyd Anderson after starring in The Last Kingdom, The Trouble with Maggie Cole, Mount Pleasant, and Sitting in Limbo. Other cast members include Anneika Rose as Maggie Kean, Erin Armstrong as Cassie Perezca, Lewis Howden as Billy McCabe, Angus Miller as Donnie, Lucianne McEvoy as Meg Pattison, and Anne Kidd as Cora McLean. Shetland season 7 starts on BBC One on Wednesday at 9pm