The Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially stepped down as full-time working royals at the end of March 2020. They have since established their new lives and work in California, where Meghan and Harry are also bringing up their children Lilibet 'Lili' Diana and Archie Harrison. However, their decision to take a step back from royal duties isn't final, according to Princess Diana's ex-bodyguard Ken Wharfe. In his newly-released book 'Diana: Remembering The Princess', penned with author Ros Coward, Mr Wharfe drew a comparison between Princess Diana and her two sons. After saying the Princess of Wales would have likely maintained a "high profile role" in the charity world had she not died in a car crash in August 1997, the former police protection officer wrote: "William and Harry are very much their mother’s boys in so many ways, even though there are differences between them. "Although William has perhaps reverted to a world away from the limelight when it comes to his children, he does try to engage and to bring a more modernised approach." In the extract published by the Mail on Sunday, Mr Wharfe added: "But with Harry, we can see Diana’s legacy more clearly – and when he returns into the Royal fold, which I think he will do, I believe that will be even clearer." Meghan and Harry first announced their intention to step back as senior royals in early January 2020, when they released a bombshell statement detailing how they were seeing their future position within the Firm. The Sussexes spoke of living between North America and England and gaining financial independence while still being able to carry out royal duties. However, following the summit held in Sandringham between Prince Harry, the Queen, Prince Charles and Prince William alongside some of the monarch's closest aides a few days later, the Sussexes stepped down from their roles and accepted they would not be able to represent the Crown anymore after renouncing to the Sovereign Grant and pursuing profitable deals of their own. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice 'clashed' with Eugenie over Meghan and Harry snub Since bowing out of the Firm as its senior members, Meghan and Harry have struck multi-year deals with Netflix and Spotify for which they are to produce exclusive video and audio content. The Duke has also become chief impact officer at mental health and coaching firm BetterUp, building on the charity work he did as a senior royal on tearing down the stigma surrounding mental health. The Sussexes have also launched their new foundation, through which they have so far supported a number of initiatives and organisations focused on areas close to their hearts, including gender equality and helping Ukraine amid the ongoing conflict with Russia. Mr Wharfe became Prince Harry and Prince William's bodyguard in 1986, two years before being hired as Diana's personal protection officer. He left this role in 1993, but continued to be a member of the Royal Protection team until he retired in 2002. The former royal bodyguard believes Princess Diana would have "completely" understood Prince Harry's current position. He wrote in his book: "There is no doubt in my mind that she would completely understand the position Harry finds himself in and would probably have been jetting across the Atlantic on a regular basis to offer help." The Duke of Sussex himself spoke about how he feels his mother would have reacted to his decision to step down as a working royal. Speaking to Oprah Winfrey in early 2021, Harry said: "I think she would feel very angry with how this has panned out, and very sad. "But, ultimately, all she’d ever want is for us to be happy." He later added: "You know, touching back on what you asked me, what my mum would think of this, I think she saw it coming. "And I certainly felt her presence throughout this whole process." Prince Harry said he feels Diana's presence also in a more recent interview dating back to April. Speaking to US broadcaster Hoda Kotb during the Invictus Games in The Hague, Prince Harry said: "But now, I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now. "But definitely more so in the last two years than ever before. Without question. So she's watching over us."