The Secrets She Keeps has returned for a second season, following up on what happened to Agatha (played by Laura Carmichael) and Meghan (Jessica De Gouw), two years after Ben's kidnapping. Both women have struggled to move on from what happened with Agatha now facing a new and unexpected challenge from behind bars as she awaits her sentencing. So what is there to know about Laura Carmichael's relationship away from the BBC drama? WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Secrets She Keeps.Who is The Secrets She Keeps star Laura Carmichael married to? While actress Laura Carmichael is currently starring in The Secrets She Keeps, she is by far best known for playing Lady Edith Crawley in ITV period drama Downton Abbey. She starred in all six seasons of the Julian Fellowes series before it came to an end in 2015. It was actually during filming for Downton Abbey that Carmichael met the love of her life. The actress is in a long-term relationship with her former co-star Michael C Fox. READ MORE: Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement as Fox didn't make his appearance in Downton Abbey until season five as footman Andrew Parker. He remained on the show until the very end and both stars have returned for the first film in 2019, as well as the sequel Downton Abbey: A New Era. The couple didn't confirm they were together until 2016, one year after the drama came to an end. While their romance started with Downton, the pair try not to let their whole relationship revolve around the show. Fox told the Sunday Post: "We try not to talk about it too much outside of our personal lives. "And that was the same on set. It was just professional. "We'd go to work and we didn't want it to be a thing in any way when we were working together. "It was great, though, to go to work with your best pal. Apart from that we like to keep it quite separate from Downton." DON'T MISS...Prince Harry 'tried to take Diana for himself' claims royal expert [ROYAL]Aidan Turner details 'silly' tattoo cut out of infamous Poldark scene [CAST]Death in Paradise’s Kris Marshall teases ‘new twist’ for spin-off  [UPDATE] A lot has changed for the couple since Downton Abbey as they have started their own family. Carmichael and Fox welcomed their son Luca into the world in March 2021. They've rarely made a public appearance together but did attend the Downton Abbey: A New Era premiere earlier this month, posing on the red carpet side by side. The Secrets She Keeps second season is continuing to play out every Saturday night. The description for the third instalment reads: "As Lorelei’s podcast about Agatha’s story becomes a success, Meghan continues to shun the ambitious young journalist. "But Lorelei persists with her investigations and eventually comes face to face with Agatha. "Meanwhile, Agatha fights to hold on to her baby as the authorities attempt to identify the prison officer who fathered it. "Grace and Simon decide to make their relationship known to Grace’s sister Meghan, but Meghan’s past with Simon has a potentially destructive secret at its core." The Secrets She Keeps continues every Saturday at 9pm on BBC One.