A petition calling for Novak Djokovic to be allowed to play in the upcoming US Open has picked up steam with two weeks until the final Grand Slam tournament of the season begins. It comes as the world No 6 is due to find out whether he will be allowed into the country soon with the Centre of Disease Control and Prevention issuing an update to travel restrictions “in the coming weeks”. Djokovic is facing a ban from the US Open, with unvaccinated travellers currently barred from entering the country. The final Grand Slam tournament of 2022 starts in exactly two weeks, meaning time is running out for the American government to loosen the restrictions which would allow the three-time champion to compete. But the Serb is set to learn his fate soon, while a petition campaigning to allow him to play the US Open is currently flying, having neared 50,000 signatures. The Change.org petition calls on the American government and the United States Tennis Association to work together to allow Djokovic to play and was set up two months ago, now boasting the support of 48,217 people. And the almost-50,000 Djokovic supporters will soon get their answer after the CDC recently updated Covid guidelines in the United States, before confirming they would review extra restrictions on the likes of travel “in the coming weeks”. Regulations on quarantining and social distancing for US citizens are already being relaxed, offering the 21-time Grand Slam champion some hope. JUST IN: Raducanu gives update on new Russian coach as Tursunov returns  After announcing the changes, the CDC released a furtner statement saying: “This updated guidance is intended to apply to community settings. In the coming weeks, CDC will work to align stand-alone guidance documents, such as those for healthcare settings, congregate settings at higher risk of transmission, and travel, with today’s update.” Djokovic himself has continued to train ahead of the US Open to ensure that he is prepared in case the government does opt to relax the rules in time for him to compete. The 88-time title winner has already been forced to withdraw from this week’s Cincinnati Masters, with unvaccinated foreign nationals still prevented from entering the country. DON'T MISS Nadal denies Djokovic chance for rematch as Spaniard skips Davis CupRaducanu defended over US Open preparations ahead of Williams clashNadal injury fears allayed with world No 1 rank on offer in Cincinnati   US Open organisers previously confirmed that they would respect the guidelines set out by the government, but were quick to emphasise that the tournament itself had no vaccine mandate. “The US Open does not have a vaccination mandate in place for players, but it will respect the U.S. government’s position regarding travel into the country for unvaccinated non-U.S. citizens,” a statement released last month read. 