Struggling to find something to watch? A streaming service can be an affordable way to unlock hundreds of new TV shows, documentaries, sports fixtures (in some cases) and blockbuster movies. Streaming platforms like Netflix, Prime Video, and Disney+ are all available with rolling monthly contracts so, unlike some of the best Sky TV deals around, you will be able to cancel at any time – making these streamers incredibly flexible. But with news of an incoming Amazon Prime price rise in the UK – the first time costs have increased since 2014, which streaming service offers the ultimate value for money? Netflix remains the most popular, with 220 million subscribers worldwide. Despite huge success with its latest season of Stranger Things, which is only available to stream on Netflix and racked up an astonishing 5 billion viewing minutes in one week, it is shedding subscribers at one of the fastest rates of any platform on this list. According to figures from the Broadcast Audience Research Board (Barb), Netflix lost 210,000 subscribers down to 17.08 million in the UK between April and June this year. Amazon Prime lost 589,000 subscribers to 12.76 million in the same period. Interestingly, these subscribers could've all avoided the incoming price hike by renewing their contracts at the current rate before September. Disney+ bucked the trend and increased its subscriber count during the latest quarter, Barb data shows. It added 91,000 paying subscribers to reach a new total of 6.62 million in the UK. If you're thinking of joining the thousands of people trimming their monthly outgoings by dropping a streaming service ...which one is not worth the monthly cost? We've pitted the most popular streaming platforms in the UK against one another to help you decide. Prime Video, built in part thanks to the acquisition of DVD postage firm LoveFilm by Amazon back in 2011, is a little different from its two biggest streaming rivals – Netflix and Disney+. While these platforms only offer titles included as part of your monthly subscription, Prime Video also allows subscribers to pay extra to rent and buy shows, documentaries and films not included in the £5.99 per month subscription. As such, it offers an almost limitless library within its app ...if you're willing to pay. Of course, there's plenty included as part of your monthly subscription fee too. Amazon produces a huge number of exclusive films, including Being the Ricardos, Val, The Tomorrow War, Coming 2 America, Sound of Metal, The Big Sick, Manchester by the Sea, and Borat: Subsequent Moviefilm. It's also launched a number of successful original series, including The Grand Tour, The Boys, The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel, Clarkson's Farm, James May ...Our Man In Japan, and Backstage with Katherine Ryan. In the coming weeks, Prime Video will launch its biggest bet yet – The Lord of the Rings: The Rings Of Power is set thousands of years before the events of the Academy Award-winning film trilogy and is widely tipped to be the most expensive television show ever produced thanks to the eye-watering $58 million (£48 million) budget per episode. Prime Video is the only streaming service that also includes live sports coverage as part of its monthly subscription, with the US Open, WTA and ATP Tours, two full match rounds of the Premier League 2022/23 season, and Autumn Nations Rugby. Unlike Netflix, Prime Video only offers a single subscription tier, so you won't have to pay extra to watch in the highest picture quality (4K Ultra HD) available – you'll just need a compatible set-top box, telly, phone or tablet, and an internet connection that's fast enough to handle the format. Prime Video subscribers are limited to watching on three devices simultaneously with same login credentials. Only two different devices can simultaneously view the same title at the same time. While it's possible to subscribe to Prime Video for £5.99 per month, the streaming service is also included as a perk with an Amazon Prime membership. This scheme also offers free next-day delivery on thousands of items from Amazon (and even same-day delivery in some parts of the UK), millions of tracks to stream on your phone or Amazon Echo via Prime Music, free Kindle ebooks to read with Prime Reading, free PC games to download and keep via Prime Gaming, a one-year subscription to Deliveroo Plus, early access to Lightning Deals and discounts on Amazon (including during the Black Friday sales), unlimited photo back-up to the cloud, the list goes on... Amazon Prime costs £7.99 per month or £79 per year, however, from September 15, the cost of this membership will jump to £8.99 per month or £95 per year. However, if you're happy with just getting a Prime Video subscription on its own that plan is currently just £5.99 a month, and this price won't be increasing in September. And if you sign-up for an annual Amazon Prime membership now, you'll avoid the price rise until your membership is due to be renewed in August 2023. Whichever plan you choose though, it's still cheaper than a standard Netflix subscription. This plan plan, which includes access to High Definition (1080p) and the ability to stream on up to two devices at the same time, costs £10.99 per month. Netflix is easily the biggest name in streaming. The Californian company revolutionised TV viewing when it arrived in the UK back in January 2012 – dropping every episode of an entire series at the same time so subscribers could furiously binge-watch hours of telly. Since the arrival of House of Cards in 2013, the streamer has launched a flurry of colossal hits which are exclusive to the platform, including Bridgerton, The Crown, Stranger Things, Sex Education, Squid Game, You, Queer Eye, BoJack Horseman, Ozark, Selling Sunset, GLOW, Orange Is The New Black, Mindhunter, Black Mirror, The Haunting Of Hill House, Too Hot To Handle, Midnight Mass, Love Is Blind, Master of None, 13 Reasons Why, Lupin, Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, and many, many more. Chances are, you've heard friends, family or coworkers discussing one (or many) of these shows over the years. Netflix has launched some of the most talked-about shows of the last decade ...and continues to produce new hits every few months. And it's not just boxsets, either. Netflix rolls out a steady stream of original films too, with one new blockbuster hitting the streamer every week of this year. To keep up with the insatiable appetite of its legion of binge-watchers, Netflix heavily invests in original content. However, this comes at a price – with the price of a subscription steadily rising over the years. The latest price hike kicked in earlier this year in the UK, with the basic and standard plans going up by £1 a month while the premium plan increased by £2 a month. Netflix's Standard plan is its most popular, unlocking access to the 1080p High Definition streaming (a must-have if you're thinking of watching on a TV) and the ability for two people to watch using the same login credentials (handy if you want to split the cost with a loved one or flatmate). However, at £10.99 per month (and no discount available for those willing to plump for an annual subscription upfront ...unlike both Amazon Prime and Disney+) this Netflix plan is the most expensive option in this article. That might not be the case for much longer. Netflix is planning on launching a cheaper, ad-supported plan in the coming months, but sadly, no pricing has been confirmed yet. Plus, this will be countered by Disney+ which is launching a similar ad-supported subscription package to make streaming more affordable very soon too. Disney+ is one of the newest kids on the streaming block, but already boasts a vast library with some of the biggest blockbuster and most critically-acclaimed films of all time. The House of Mouse's streaming service only launched back in March 2022, but has already gained millions of subscribers in the UK. It leverages Disney's unmatched arsenal of intellectual property, including the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Lucasfilm, Pixar Studios, National Geographic, exclusive movies and shows from US-only streaming service Hulu, and classic Walt Disney animated films. For a flat monthly fee, subscribers will be able to watch every film in the Star Wars saga, as well as exclusive shows set within the universe like The Mandalorian and Obi-Wan Kenobi, all 29 films in the MCU as well as shows like WandaVision and Loki that directly inform the next Marvel blockbusters slated for release, every episode of The Simpsons (and new episodes as soon as they air in the US), films released by the 20th Century Fox (which was acquired by Disney back in 2019), National Geographic documentary series and films, and every film released by Walt Disney and Pixar. If that sounds like a lot, it's because it really is. To keep pace with rivals like Netflix and Prime Video, Disney+ is also investing heavily in original content, like the critically-acclaimed Dopesick, The Rescue, The Dropout, and The Beatles: Get Back, which were all produced exclusively for the platform. As cinemas closed their doors worldwide during the global pandemic, Disney+ quickly became the home for the latest cinematic releases. As the world has started to open-up again, Disney+ is bringing films to the streaming service in record time. For example, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, which was exclusive to multiplexes in May 2022, was recently added to the Disney+ library, while Pixar's Lightyear – released in cinemas nationwide on June 17, blasted onto Disney+ on August 3. That's just 47 days. Better yet, the wealth of content available with Disney+ can be accessed for a great price. A Disney+ membership is £7.99 a month or £79.90 per year. This works out as cheaper than the new Amazon Prime price and the standard price of a Netflix subscription. However, it's more expensive than a standalone Prime Video subscription. Ultimately, we can talk about how much each service costs per month, how many exclusives are being released this year, and how many price rises have been introduced recently ...but whether a service is value for money comes down to personal taste. Netflix is comfortably the most expensive streaming service in this article, but it's also the only way to watch the latest season of Stranger Things, The Crown, and Squid Game. Thankfully, since the streamer drops all episodes on a single day, it's possible to dip-in and dip-out whenever there's something you know you'll want to watch. This is a great way to save money and isn't always possible with Prime Video and Disney+, which both tend to release new episodes of their biggest shows weekly. If you're a prolific shopper on Amazon, an annual Amazon Prime membership is a brilliant deal, with the wealth of brilliant shows and films – definitely check out Clarkson's Farm, The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel, and The Sound Of Metal – a great bonus onto of the speedy delivery, free photo back-up, and music streaming bundled as part of your subscription. And if you want the biggest library of content for the most affordable subscription fee, look no further than Disney+, which is a must-have for anyone with smaller children in the house (a month subscription costs less than buying a single Walt Disney animated film on DVD) and, thanks to a recent effort to bolster its mature content under the Star banner, has a number of adult shows that give Netflix a run for its money too. If you're deeply invested in the Marvel Cinematic Universe or Star Wars, you really cannot afford to miss out on the latest blockbuster and exclusive series set in the same universes being released on the House of Mouse's streamer. Ultimately, the best thing you can do is look at the content available on each app, what new releases are on the horizon, and decide which app's library appeals to you the most. All of the streaming services listed in this article are available on the most popular hardware, including iPhone, iPad, Android phones and tablets, Fire TV, Chromecast with Google TV, Roku streaming set-top boxes, Sky Q, Sky Glass, Samsung Smart TVs, and the latest games consoles (apart from the Nintendo Switch) ...so there's no chance that you won't be able to watch on almost every device in your home. Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video also offer the ability to download titles to your phone or tablet, so you can watch when you haven't got an internet connection – on the tube on your morning commute or a long-haul flight, for example. And don't forget – you can always subscribe to one for a few months, cancel one subscription, and move onto another streamer to catch-up on what you've missed to help keep costs down to a minimum. MORE LIKE THIS