Real Madrid playmaker Marco Asensio has taken a similar stance to Frenkie de Jong in preferring to stay with his current employers over the prospect of a move to Manchester United, according to reports. The Red Devils have been credited with a desire to land Asensio over the last few days, with Erik ten Hag said to be keen on bringing the Spaniard to Old Trafford in advance of next week's transfer deadline. Asensio was said to have been mentioned in talks between United and Real Madrid over the signing of Casemiro, who officially joined the Premier League giants earlier this week. However, it seems as though United could be forced to miss out on the capture of the former as a result of his desire to stay in the Spanish capital for at least another season, according to Mundo Deportivo.It is claimed that Asensio has no intention of leaving Real Madrid in spite of the club's desire to move him on as things stand. Those in power at the Bernabeu are reportedly willing to sell the 26-year-old in order to generate funds but the player himself is determined to see out the rest of his contract, which is set to run until the end of the campaign.United are thought to be drawing up a plan of action with regards to their interest in Asensio and have been tipped to submit a formal bid in the region of £25million over the coming days. Their efforts could ultimately be in vain, though, if the midfielder refuses to join them in a similar fashion to the way their pursuit of De Jong played out earlier in the window. JUST IN: Tottenham have lost their 'sweetener' to sign Nicolo Zaniolo The Red Devils worked tirelessly to negotiate a move for the latter, who was identified as a priority target by Ten Hag upon his arrival at Old Trafford at the end of last season. However, the Barcelona man was not on board with the idea of signing for United and ultimately opted to stay at the Nou Camp despite a transfer fee having been agreed upon at club level.Asensio looks set to play a bit-part role at Real Madrid over the course of this season, although Carlo Ancelotti is eager to keep him around in order to provide additional cover in the middle of the park in spite of the club's hierarchy being keen to sell up. The Spain international was an unused substitute in Real Madrid's opening-day win over Almeria in La Liga before making a seven-minute cameo during the closing stages of their victory against Celta Vigo last weekend. United, meanwhile, remain active in the market on a number of fronts as Ten Hag looks to add further improvements to his squad between now and the end of the summer window. They are believed to be stepping up their pursuit of Ajax winger Antony, who is desperate to join the Red Devils after excelling under the guidance of Ten Hag in Amsterdam over the course of the previous campaign.PSV Eindhoven forward Cody Gakpo is also said to be a target and could reportedly be pursued if a move for Antony fails to materialise in the not-too-distant future. It remains to be seen whether United will be able to reinforce their dressing room over the coming days, though, with the window finally set to close in less than a week's time. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here