Manchester United icon Gary Neville admits he feels sorry for Richard Arnold and the mess that he has inherited from Ed Woodward as the club's CEO. United were in dire need of a better performance than the one they put in against Brighton on the opening day.  But they came up against a determined Brentford side on Saturday evening with United players not given a moment to rest in the opening 45 minutes. David de Gea's two costly errors set Brentford on their way with United players soon arguing among themselves. More issues were highlighted minutes later when Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo made it 4-0 for the hosts. Lisandro Martinez has been the only big-money signing at Old Trafford this summer while Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia have also joined. But the £56million-signing was exposed for Mee's goal with his lack of height clearly a point of reference Brentford were trying to target throughout the match. United have so far failed in their long pursuit of Frenkie de Jong while other targets have come and gone.  Arnold replaced Woodward as United's most senior executive back in February and is taking charge of his first summer transfer window. John Murtough operates as the club's football director while Arnold also has other people who were in place before he took up the position. But Neville feels United's poor start to the season along with their failures in the transfer market is indicative of the kind of task Arnold has on his plate. "It's a nightmare for CEO Richard Arnold," Neville said on Sky Sports.  "He's been a few months in the job, and what a job he has on - above him and below him. The football department can't get the players in. Erik ten Hag has been left short. He's still getting used to the level - that much is obvious - of the team he's picked today, and what the Premier League's about. "He's only a few months in. The people above Arnold are now in charge of an embedded rot. If I was them, I'd get over here this week and show up, and try to take some of the pressure away from the people below because it's going to get enormous before the Liverpool game." United still have two weeks left in the transfer window to get more deals over the line. But the performance against Brentford clearly highlights deeper issues for Ten Hag to solve other than signing a few more players.