Insurance provider SO-SURE analysed social media and Google Trends data to reveal the Duchess of Cambridge's most "talked about" appearances this year so far such as the Platinum Jubilee tour and the premiere of Top Gun. In March, Kate Middleton travelled to the Caribbean for the Platinum Jubilee tour and she chose a spectacular blue dress for an evening reception. The tour concluded in the Bahamas, where the Duchess of Cambridge attended a gala event at the Baha Mar Beach Resort in Nassau "wearing the stunning ice blue Phillipa Lepley satin gown," the experts explained. The insurance experts estimated the "Cinderella in the Caribbean look" has an insurance value of £12,700. Kate wowed in the satin gown, paired with Gianvito Rossi silver-toned shoes adorned with Swarovski crystals, fittingly dubbed Cinderella shoes. READ MORE: Princess Anne’s ‘most annoying’ habit exposed by Zara Tindall The SO-SURE experts commented: "The exact price of Kate’s gown is unknown, however, we do know that Phillipa Lepley's pieces start at around £6,000 and can only be bought from her boutique in Fulham, SW3." In April, Kate arrived at St George’s Chapel for the annual Easter Mattins service with Prince William and their children. Matching William, Charlotte and George in colour-coordinated blue outfits, Kate wore a beautiful pastel coat dress by Emilia Wickstead. The experts revealed the "Dream Come Blue look" has an insurance value of £8,167.  "The stunning bespoke piece features peak lapels and a full skirt with large soft pleats. "As it is bespoke, the price doesn’t appear online but similar dresses worn by Kate from this designer, were being sold for £1,350 on Matches Fashion," they said. Kate combined the dreamy look with pointed suede pumps and a powder blue suede clutch bag both from Emmy London. In May, the Duchess of Cambridge attended the Top Gun premiere and wore a stunning black and white dress for the red carpet which the experts estimated had a value of £14,960. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "In a slightly different style to Kate’s usual attire, she hit the red carpet for the premiere of Top Gun in a figure-flattering gown (also described as a bodycon dress). "Many dubbed the black and white Lamble gown by Roland Mouret the ‘must-have’ dress of the summer," the experts explained. Kate combined with a pair of star studs and drops by Robinson Pelham, a black box clutch with a crystal-embellished clasp and a pair of black suede Prada wavy-cut pumps. Royal fans saw her wearing another iconic look in July when the Duchess attended the Wimbledon final donning the "Bringing the Sunshine look " with an insurance value of £4,417. The experts commented: "Kate was a ray of sunshine in a marigold yellow dress by Roksanda as she attended the 2022 Wimbledon ladies’ finals in July." The royal paired her summery ensemble with white leather Gianvito Rossi pumps and vibrant yellow earrings. Kate also wore a classic straw floppy sun hat from LK Bennett and some Bvlgari sunglasses.