Rafael Nadal has shown his US Open intentions by arriving at the tournament more than a week early and starting his practice. It marks the first time since winning the title in 2019 that the Spaniard has set foot on Arthur Ashe Stadium court, ending his three-year hiatus from the final Grand Slam of the season. Nadal is already at the US Open following a defeat in his comeback match at the Cincinnati Masters. And the world No 3 is showing the rest of the field that he means business as he has already returned to the main showcourt for a hit with eight days to go before the tournament begins. The world No 3 has not played the American Grand Slam since 2019, when he won his fourth US Open title by defeating a then-23-year-old Daniil Medvedev before the Russian would go on to become the world No 1 and a champion in Flushing Meadows himself. He was joined by his coach Francisco Roig as he could be seen ripping forehands on the main showcourt. The 22-Grand Slam champion is hoping to raise his level after losing his first match post-injury in Cincinnati. He was forced to withdraw ahead of his Wimbledon semi-final after picking up a 7mm abdominal tear and only made his comeback earlier this week at the Western & Southern Open, where he went down to Borna Coric in his opening match. JUST IN: Djokovic gets US Open ban indication as tournament release protocols  The former world No 12 is making his comeback from a year-long injury layoff and stunned the Spaniard 7-6(9) 4-6 6-3 to earn his third win over Nadal in five meetings - giving him a rare positive head-to-head record in their rivalry. Despite a negative start to his comeback, the four-time US Open champion shared his hopes to be ready in time for the last Grand Slam of 2022 and is already trying to make it happen by getting on Arthur Ashe as early as possible after starting in Cincinnati a few days after his defeat to practise on their site. DON'T MISS Tsitsipas delighted to be avoiding fines as he speaks after dad insultCameron Norrie given boost despite Borna Coric defeatUS Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity match  “I need to move forward and just start to think about the energy that the crowd gives me in New York," he said after his loss at the Western & Southern Open - where he made his first appearance since 2017.  “I know it's a very special place for me, and I enjoy it. [I've had] unforgettable moments there, and I'm going to try my very best every single day to be ready for that.” 