DWP chief Therese Coffey has reportedly forced through a Universal Credit adjustment while MPs are away for recess. The welfare secretary is reportedly bringing her Intensive Work Search (IWS) labour market policy to its next stage. Hundreds of thousands more Universal Credit claimants will be subject to stricter rules as officials change income thresholds. Present Universal Credit arrangements mean that people who earn £355 a month - the Administration Earnings Threshold (AET) - or below fall within the IWS labour market. They must have regular contact with Jobcentres and a work coach as part of their "work-related requirements" to continue receiving their benefits. Those who earn over this amount fall into the Light Touch labour market regime and only have to contact Jobcentres for Work Search interviews on day one and week eight of the programme. The DWP plans to alter the AET from next month, pulling hundreds of thousands of claimants into IWS arrangements. READ MORE: Sainsbury's announces major change to tackle food waste According to a Government publication posted earlier this month - while MPs are on recess - the DWP will raise the threshold for both single and couple claimants. From September 26, the new threshold for single claimants will become £494, rising by £139 on the current rate. And couples will have to follow the work-related requirements if they earn £782, up £215 from the current £567 threshold. The DWP has estimated the changes will move 114,000 claimants from the Light Touch initiative to the IWS regime. Officials have said the changes will bring the AET in line with the National Living Wage. The document states: "Since its introduction in 2013, the AET has not kept pace with the increases in the National Living Wage, with the result that the number of hours needed to work to earn the AET has fallen over time. "The adjustment will bring the AET back to its original ‘parity’ with the National Living Wage." Everyone within the IWS regime from next month will have to ensure they do "all you can to find a job or earn more" such as job-hunting, applications and interviews outlined in a "claimant commitment". People who fail to follow the rules set out by their Jobcentre will face sanctions. Under Tory rules, sanctions will reduce the amount claimants receive for a "set period" depending on the reasoning set out by their supervisor. News of the adjustment has drawn immediate criticism, as Labour has accused Dr Coffey of having "sneaked" it out. Speaking to the Daily Mirror, Jonathan Ashworth, the shadow work and pensions secretary, amounted the move to "more Tory threats and sanctions". He said: “Therese Coffey needs to explain why she sneaked out this far-reaching change that will impact thousands of people. “We need a credible plan to help people find quality work not more Tory threats and sanctions.” A Universal Credit spokesman said the change would bring "more claimants into scope for intensive support". Officials can then help "low-earning households" to increase their incomes while the cost of living increases, the spokesman added.