Michelle Ackerly and Ronan Keating presented The One Show on Friday as the hosts welcomed Stacey Dooley and Supervet Noel Fitzpatrick. After announcing the sweet news that she is expecting her first child with Kevin Clifton on Instagram earlier in the day, Stacey admitted she felt “lucky” when the presenters congratulated her. Ronan began: “Stacey we have to start by saying congratulations. Big news today from yourself and Kevin.” “Thanks, mate,” Stacey replied. “I can’t quite believe it. “I’m delighted actually I feel really lucky because I’m 35 so you never take it for granted. “But I can’t quite believe I’m going to be in charge of a little human being.” Read more: Stacey Dooley announces she's expecting first child with Kevin Clifton Stacey, who joined the show to discuss her new documentary about Ballroom and Latin dance, thanked the presenters for their well wishes. Earlier in the day, Stacey shared a picture of her bump on Instagram. She captioned it: “Gaaaaaaang.....We are having a baby! "So b****y delighted. Kev, you're magic, I love youuuu. "(Was becoming impossible to hide and if one more person asks me if I've had my t*ts done in LA I'm gonna scream)Here goessssssss.” Stacey’s partner and former Strictly Come Dancing star Kevin was one of the first to comment, writing “Love you,” alongside a red heart. On The One Show, yer Strictly winner was asked her thoughts on the BBC show returning to Blackpool after a two-year break. “I’ve got such a soft spot for Blackpool I can’t begin to tell you I don’t know what it is,” she said. DON'T MISS'Good chance I'll be killed off' Martin Compston sets record straight [INTERVIEW]Claudia Winkleman speaks out on Aljaž and Oti's Strictly exit [INSIGHT]Fiona Bruce opens up on private hobby away from TV [VIDEO] “I just love the people, I love the atmosphere, I love the vibe.” “I’m delighted for them, I’m pleased they’re going back,” Stacey added. Later in the show, Michelle and Ronan asked Stacey to share her advice with this year’s Strictly contestants. “I think what works is if you don’t take it too seriously,” she remarked. “You’ve just got to enjoy it because you’re never going to do it again.” “I quite like the idea of Tony Adams Waltzing around,” Stacey added. “What I love is it’s so not his world because when I was watching the videos I heard him say, ‘Oh I’m giving up my football boots for maybe some silk ones.’ “I was like, ‘Babe they’re not silk,’ that’s how little he knows and I love that he’s up for it. I can’t wait.” The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.