Both DC and Marvel showcased some of their superhero franchise futures at San Diego Comic Con last month. Many fans were disappointed that Henry Cavill didn’t show up as rumoured to join The Rock on stage for Black Adam, as hopes were crushed that he’d be reprising Superman. Meanwhile, the MCU panel with Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige laid out the next three years of movies with plans for the Multiverse saga. Phase 6, the final third of this ongoing narrative just mentioned, will be kicked off with a Fantastic Four movie. Marvel’s First Family may be huge in the comics, but Mr Fantastic, The Invisible Woman, Human Torch and The Thing haven’t had the best adaptations on the best screen to date after two incarnations across three poor Fox outings. Now that Disney have acquired the studio, they’ll be rebooted in the MCU, but casting continues to remain a mystery. Nevertheless, John Krasinski wowed fans as a variant of Reed Richards from Earth-838 in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. This internet fan-casting was a pleasant surprise, although being quickly annihilated about Scarlet Witch suggests this could well have simply been a one-and-done cameo. Some fans are hopeful a different version of his Mr Fantastic will be on Earth-616 (the MCU universe) too. But then there’s always the possibility that another star will be cast in the role that no doubt will have a huge impact on the franchise going forwards. READ MORE: Fantastic Four: John Krasinski breaks silence on Mr Fantastic return According to Giant Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources, Superman star Henry Cavill is in advanced talks with Marvel Studios to join the MCU. The outlet with a track record of leaks that turned out to be true doesn’t have confirmation yet on which character the actor is being wooed for. However, their best speculation is that he could well be cast as Mr Fantastic, Reed Richards himself. Although given he’s already a DC superhero, what if they’re considering him for a villain – what if, Dr Victor von Doom? DON'T MISSAvengers 5: Henry Cavill 'had a secret meeting with Marvel' [HENRY CAVILL]Next James Bond: Rising star with genuine chance of replacing Craig [NEXT BOND]Henry Cavill Superman ‘will be replaced by Supergirl in The Flash’ [SUPERMAN] The Fantastic Four’s arch-nemesis will be entering the MCU at some point being such a key Marvel comics villain. Dr Doom is also tied to Kang the Conqueror’s storyline as the builder of the time travel technology used by the 31st century despot. They’re also supposedly related with Jonathan Majors' character potentially being a descendant of both Doom and Richards’ family lines. SOURCE