Bill's Coronation Street character Stu appeared on Friday's Lorraine to explain to ITV viewers what could be in store for the unlucky character. Big-hearted Stu is currently in the middle of a police battle as he attempts to clear his name after serving 27 years in prison for a murder he still claims he didn't commit. Speaking to Christine Lampard, he didn't have good news for the future of Stu. "When you first read the script, I do know that because of the flawed nature of his character it's actually what attracted you to it?" Christine asked the actor. "Oh totally," he replied. "Yeah, he's a fantastic character." He continued: "Even right at the beginning when he helps find the evidence to put down Corey Brent (Maximus Evans) he's still reluctant to get involved because he doesn't want to deal with the police. "And you didn't know back then, that was right at the beginning so this story's been slowly moving upwards for a year now. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview "So all those things are coming into play, yeah," the soap star added. "And there's still a lot of twists and turns to come isn't there?" Christine probed. "Honestly, loads of twists and turns," Bill teased. "And people are guessing what's going to go on. "But there's so many permutations and there's actually... no one wins. "And loads of people get affected by this and none of it is happy endings for anybody in the end." What do his comments mean for Stu and the other residents of the cobbles? Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar) decided recently he believes Stu and has been trying to convince his nan and Stu's love interest Yasmeen Nazir (Shelley King) to listen to the story from Stu's point of view. It seems eventually the family might fight to clear Stu's name, but after Bill's comments, it's safe to assume there could be a deadly twist. DON'T MISS... Adil Ray in fiery clash with woman who refuses to pay bills [VIDEO]Kate Garraway sparks GMB fan fury over government U-turn [LATEST]Martin Clunes on why it's 'good time' for Doc Martin to end [INTERVIEW] Could Stu and Yasmeen end up paying the price as they attempt to reveal the truth? It could be that the real criminal behind the murder finds out and wants to silence Stu for good. Stu was accused of murdering a young woman he had been having an affair with, and his ex-wife and daughter have refused to speak to him ever since. Soap fans are hoping for a happy outcome for Stu and Yasmeen, who has faced her fair share of trauma in the last couple of years. Now that viewers have been warned by the actor there are "no happy endings," they will be intrigued to find out what will be going on. Having been in the soap for almost a year now, Stu has quickly become a fan-favourite. The dark turn for his character has come recently, but viewers will be hopeful he will remain in Weatherfield. Fans will have to wait and see what the unhappy endings end up being though, and there are bound to be plenty of twists. Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV. 