Amy (played by Abbie Burke) had a difficult childhood, losing her mother Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons) at a young age. Walford newbies are set to torment her in upcoming EastEnders episodes, leaving her heartbroken. When the cruel boys mock her and later refuse to apologise, it's possible Amy will take things into her own hands - but could someone end up dead in a fatal accident? Kim Fox's (Tameka Empson) partner Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) recently shocked her with the news he has a teenage son. Denzel Danes (Jaden Ladega) turned up on the Square recently and is now staying with his dad and Kim. Howie seems to be struggling to connect with him, and it will be revealed in later scenes that he is a bully. Trying to help the youngster, Kim introduces him to Amy, Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) and Tommy Moon (Sonny Kendall). Amy quickly takes a shine to Denzel and tries to impress him, but her efforts end up causing havoc. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history Her dad, Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) is less than impressed with his daughter's choice of outfit. Kim plays it down though and leaves Amy to be with Denzel, hoping the two will get on. Meanwhile, Davinder "Nugget" Gulati (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury), son of the soap's new villain Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara), arrives and causes further trouble for Amy. He introduces himself to them and the three hang out together. However, the boys start winding Amy up and she becomes upset. Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) later finds a teary Amy, who tells her what happened. She tracks down Denzel and Nugget and well and truly puts them in their place. In the Minute Mart, Amy is still feeling self-conscious about the comments made toward her. Denise Fox (Diane Parish) and Chelsea support Amy as she struggles with the realities of becoming a teenager. A furious Denzel refuses to apologise though, and Chelsea once again gives him and Nugget some stern words. DON'T MISS... Joan Fontaine admits Hitchcock kept stars at loggerheads [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert values Titanic memorabilia from last survivor [LATEST]A Place in the Sun host reflects on difficult guests [EXCLUSIVE] Wanting an apology, will Amy try to seek revenge on Denzel? After initially being interested in him, she will no doubt be feeling hurt and embarrassed, but could his refusal to say sorry spark anger in the troubled youngster? Viewers will remember Amy has a darker side, and last year she began to bully her cousin Janet Mitchell (Grace) online by trolling her. She also knew where schoolgirl Bailey Baker (Kara-Leah Fernandes) was hiding after she ran away last year due to her family struggling with finances. Although she knew her friend was in danger, she didn't tell anybody and left her sleeping on the streets.  Being a Mitchell, Amy is also used to hearing all about getting revenge and not allowing people to get away with things. Could she be about to take drastic action against her bullies? It's possible she might find Denzel alone and want to frighten him. If he laughs at her attempts to scare him, she might push him over, wanting him to stop. However, tragedy might strike if she manages to push him onto the floor and he lands in an unfortunate way. Denzel might hit his head fatally and end up in a bad way. Terrified, Amy will probably run away from the scene, leaving a fatally-injured Denzel. Although she might not have meant for things to go so far, Amy will probably be too scared to tell anyone about the altercation. Will Amy end up keeping a dark secret if Denzel does end up dying? If so, how long will she be able to remain quiet? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.