Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s young son Archie was featured in her interview with The Cut, published this week. The rarely-seen toddler, who now attends pre-school in Montecito, California, affectionately calls his parents “Momma and Papa”. Meghan said in her wide-ranging interview that in the grounds of their lavish Montecito home, there are two palm trees. The Duchess of Sussex said the trees are “connected at the bottom” and represent her and her husband Harry. Meghan says every time their son Archie sees the trees, he says “Hi, Momma. Hi Papa.” The youngster featured throughout Meghan’s interview with the New York magazine. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Arrogant' Meghan 'one of most destructive' royals Allison P. Davies wrote in New York magazine The Cut: “Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, a lively 3-year-old with a shock of ginger curls identical to his father’s, toddles into the room demanding “Momma” listen to his heartbeat with a wooden toy stethoscope. “He stands, tummy protruding, while his mother, Meghan, convincingly performs her glee at hearing the thump-thump, thump-thump in his chest. “Archie giggles and, satisfied, toddles right back out again.” In another segment, Meghan and the interviewer pick Archie up from his pre-school. Ms Davies writes: “Somehow Archie knows his mother is at the gate of his preschool before the teacher even throws it open to set him free. “He’s so excited to see her, repeating “Momma, Momma, Momma” in his little voice, as he runs toward her that he leaves his lunchbox behind on the ground.” Exemplifying the close mother-son bond between the two, Ms Davies says the pair are full of “genuine emotion”. She continued: “She scoops him up in a big hug so full of genuine emotion that both close their eyes. DON'T MISSMeghan 'bolted into house' as car pulled up in dash to see Archie [INSIGHT]Princess Diana’s ‘armour’ wardrobe made her an icon of 20th century [ANALYSIS]BBC's Witchell warns of royals' 'weary resignation' over Meghan Markle [REPORT] The Duchess of Sussex lauded praise on her son’s school, saying she wouldn’t be able to achieve the same level of privacy if they’d had their son educated in the UK. Meghan claimed that if Archie attended school in the UK, she’d never be able to do school pickup and drop-off without it being a royal photo call with a “press pen of 40 people snapping pictures,” according to the interview. Meghan told Ms Davies: “Sorry, I have a problem with that. “That doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy. “That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have taken part in photo opportunities with their two eldest children on their first day of school. However, no other photos of the youngsters attending school are taken by official press photographers.