The Russian occupation of the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in southeastern Ukraine has sparked fears of an impending nuclear disaster. It was seized by Russian forces in March but Ukrainian workers have continued operations on site to ensure the continued maintenance of the facility. However, shelling close to the plant has threatened to disrupt power supply to the facility, risking a radiation leak which Dr Dorfman warned could cause a “cloud through Europe” as the impact of the nuclear disaster would breach international borders.    Dr Dorfman, chair of the Nuclear Consulting Group, told Sky News: “Russia is unstable, we’ve never seen an attack on a significant nuclear power plant before, this is new although not unforeseen.” He continued: “If the power were to go off, then we would rely on backup generators that only have a certain lifespan. “If, heaven forbid, there was a hit or Russia were to make a mistake and it really were to blow, you would see a significant radiation cloud through Europe, reaching the middle east. “Critically, if the wind was in the wrong direction, perhaps Russia too.” Dr Dorfman added: “Radiation doesn’t respect national boundaries, it's a question of where the wind blows. “What we’ve seen here is the weaponisation of civil nuclear, something a number of people have been worrying about for a significant time now. “The key takeaway from this is, if and when we get through this, what does that imply for current and any prospective nuclear in the context of an unstable world?” Read more: Putin blow as Russia’s ‘Cold War’ tanks rapidly ‘eaten’ by Ukraine Russia’s “weaponisation” of civil nuclear infrastructure, as described by Dr Dorfman, is an unprecedented move in the conflict. Zaporizhzhia, which is the largest nuclear plant in Europe, has the capability to cause a devastating radiation disaster, meaning both Russia and Ukraine should be seeking to avoid damaging the facility. However, Russia has manipulated the situation by capturing the facility in the early days of the war and refusing to demilitarise the region now under Kremlin control. Due to the high stakes of a potential nuclear disaster, Ukraine has been unable to launch a campaign of military firepower to reclaim the site. DON'T MISS: Putin burning £8m of OWN gas a day while EU in crisis [ANALYSIS]Putin rocked as '200 Russian paratroopers killed' in strike on base [REPORT]Putin using ‘ancient Soviet equipment’ as Russian losses take toll [REVEAL] On Thursday, the situation intensified after a fire damaged power lines, briefly interfering with the power supply to the nuclear plant. Thankfully, backup diesel generators kicked in and the plant remained in operation, but it was the first time in its history that it had been cut off from the national grid. Ukrainian authorities declared the fire had been caused by Russian shelling which President Zelensky said placed the nation “one step away” from a huge nuclear disaster. Moscow has refuted the accusations, with local Kremlin-appointed Governor Yevgeny Balitsky blaming Ukrainian military forces for the strikes. Read next:EU on brink of 'full-fledged nuclear' disaster after Russia assault Europe on nuclear alert – biggest power plant STILL disconnectedUkraine LIVE: Furious Putin fires 6 of his generalsRussian military warned it could lose crucial city: 'Can be crushed'The Russians are getting sick of Putin's war, says FREDERICK FORSYTH