Former Chief Inspector of Borders John Vine slammed France for its lack of cooperation with the UK in the attempt to put a halt to migrant Channel crossings. Referring to France, he blamed French border authorities for not “playing a full part” in the management of the Channel crossing issue but stressed, “it is possible for agencies to get their act together and make an impact”. The comments came as the Ministry of Defence confirmed nearly 700 migrants have crossed the Channel to the UK in a single day. Mr Vine told LBC host Nick Ferrari: “It doesn’t look to me at the moment as if the French are playing a full part in this. “But it is possible for agencies to actually get their act together and make an impact.” Referring to the latest development which saw French authorises having managed to stop only two boats attempting to cross the Channel, he commented: “Presumably all the rest of the migrants were picked up either by Border force vessels or navel vessels. “The bottom line was that the control of the Channel has been placed in the hands with the Royal Navy. “The coordination of all the efforts between the countries involved has been put in the hasn’t of the Royal Navy. “The ideas was to put it in the arms of parts of the Ministry of Defence in order to make it more effective.” He explained: “At the beginning of last month, there were 900 officers from the UK, Belgium, France, Netherlands, and Germany over a broken organised crime group. “They were allegedly responsible, some 10,000 migrants coming across lat year. READ MORE: Millions of households to be hit by second hosepipe ban “But if you look at the detail of that, it shows you the level of planning. “They were sourcing equipment, sourcing boats from Turkey, storing them in Germany and moving them from Germany to the north coast of France at the time of their choosing and also get these migrants across.” He concluded: “This is the sort of police work and law enforcement work and coordination between countries that need to take place more often than it is”. According to an assessment from the Ministry of Defence, the number of migrants crossing the Channel to the UK in July was so far the highest of the year. DON'T MISS: Major supermarkets failing to cut petrol costs [WATCH]Fury as 'stupid' US 'propaganda' claims EU exit 'fantasy' [LISTEN]Face the facts! Fury erupts as EU throws Dublin under the bus [INSIGHT] The figures showed that in July 3,683 people have crossed the Channel. Three months ago Home Secretary Priti Patel announced her plans to send migrants who arrive illegally in the UK to Rwanda. According to Ms Pratel, Rwanda scheme would be able to deter people from illegally crossing the French border and crossing the Channel to the UK. Despite the cancellation of the first flight to Rwanda amid a last-minute order from the European Court of Human Rights and the current leadership race, both candidates Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have vowed their intention to maintain the scheme. READ NEXT: GB News: SNP 'in intensive care' over independence bidTruss vows to get economy 'FIRING on all cylinders'Sunak vow after members poll gives him lead on Brexit trustTory leadership chaos as security alert delays voteChinese military exercises invade Taiwan