With inflation hitting a staggering 10.1 percent as of July, millions of households across the UK are feeling the financial squeeze. However, while many are cancelling subscriptions and investing in new energy-saving measures in a bid to cut costs, Britons could save up to £500 on their internet bill by running a few checks, according to a broadband expert. Broadband expert Alex from Broadband Genie said: “Millions of people across the UK are unknowingly paying more than they should for their broadband connection. “With a bit of research and a small amount of effort, you could be paying significantly less.” Here are Alex’s six tips that could help lower your internet bill by up to £500. Social tariffs are broadband packages and discounts that are specifically for people who are receiving certain benefits, such as income support, universal credit or disability allowance. READ MORE: UK facing nightmare as main energy supplier SLASHES exports   Alex said: “Around 4.2 million households are eligible for cheaper social tariffs, but only 55,000 are making use of these low-cost tariffs. “This means that almost 90 percent of households who are eligible for social tariffs haven’t signed up for them, and are missing out on a potential saving of £200 per year.” People can find out if they’re eligible for a social tariff, here. Broadband customers who stay on after their contract pay more than customers who regularly switch their ISP, also known as the loyalty penalty, according to Alex.  Providers generally offer the best deals exclusively to new customers, while loyal customers can often be seen to be paying more for the same service. Alex said: “Take advantage of these introductory deals and switch providers once your contract is up for renewal, by doing this you can save an average of £143 a year.” For those who are happy with their current provider and don’t want to switch, haggling the price can save a household an average of £128 per year, according to Alex. DON'T MISS:Beer prices 'would top £25 a pint' [ANALYSIS]Save over £600 a year while cooking - by using cheaper appliances [EXPLAINED]Kate and William 'raise eyebrows' as they expand amount of homes [INSIGHT]     He said: “Most of the time if you cancel your subscription just before your notice period is up, your provider will contact you to offer you a better deal. “Thanks to technology, you don’t even need to get on the phone. Most providers are happy to renegotiate terms over their website or social media chat functions.” Faster broadband usually costs more, but depending on usage, the fastest service available might not be needed for some households. Alex said: “To find out what speed suits you, run a broadband speed test. If you’re happy with this speed, you can target this level for your next broadband deal. “Downgrading your internet speed saves on average £60 per year.” Broadband deals that bundle internet with other services like TV packages, home phone and mobile phone plans are also anotheer great way to save money.  Alex advised: “Just be sure that you need and will use all parts of the bundle to get the best value deal. “Consolidating all the services you may use already into a broadband bundle saves £190 per year.” Competition for broadband business is highly competitive, and providers often offer great free gifts like Amazon vouchers, free tech or bill credits to encourage people to sign up. Alex said: “Just make sure it offers you real value and remember to activate your offer and use it before it expires. The average incentive value is £100.” 