Beatriz Haddad Maia has received a heartfelt message from Pele ahead of her biggest career final in Canada. The world No 24 will take on two-time Grand Slam champion Simona Halep for the chance to lift a maiden WTA 1000 title on Sunday and has been backed by the Brazilian icon. Haddad Maia is enjoying a hugely successful summer, winning two successive titles on the grass before reaching a maiden WTA 1000 final this week in Toronto. And ahead of the biggest match of her career, the Brazilian has received support from her country’s biggest sporting icon. Pele took to Instagram ahead of the National Bank Open final to pen an emotional message to the 26-year-old, writing: “How good it is to see Brazilians conquering more and more in the sport! “I want to congratulate @biahaddadmaia for reaching Toronto @wta 1000 final, but above that, for the beautiful journey so far. I'll be rooting for you today. You are writing a beautiful story.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu gives verdict on 'last opportunity' to face Williams  Despite preparing for her most important match yet, Haddad Maia was quick to respond to the country’s all-time leading goal-scorer. “What an honour!” she commented. “Our eternal king. Thank you for being an example for so many generations!” Already sitting at a career high of world No 24, the Brazilian will jump into the world’s top 16 after making the final. Her impressive run has seen her beat the likes of world No 1 Iga Swiatek, Olympic champion Belinda Bencic, last year’s US Open runner-up Leylah Fernandez and former world No 1 Karolina Pliskova. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu to partner Wimbledon champion Rybakina in CincinnatiEmma Raducanu's private feelings on Serena Williams clash sharedAussie star shares 'salty' tweet after being kept from Cincinnati draw  And she will have another tricky opponent to deal with in Simona Halep, the former world No 1 and two-time Grand Slam champion who has won the Canadian Open twice before. "[Halep is] a champion," Haddad Maia said ahead of the final. "She's a person who works very hard. I know it will be a very tough battle, but I'm going to enjoy. I'm going to leave everything on the court.” 