Heidi Klum, 49, has enjoyed a very successful modelling career and was even the first German model to become a Victoria's Secret angel. The supermodel has spoken in a new interview about why she is still so happy to strip off, admitting that she doesn't think twice about "taking my clothes off". Heidi is not shy to show off her body, regularly sharing bikini snaps after she recently celebrated her 49th birthday in June. The model has also reunited with Victoria's Secret Angels Alessandra Ambrosio, 41, Candice Swanepoel, 33, and Tyra Banks, 48, for Kim Kardashian's latest Skims shapewear range. Discussing her relationship with her body, Heidi admitted that getting naked was like second nature due to her lengthy modelling career. She revealed: "I feel the same as I always did. You don't have to ask me twice to take my clothes off and show myself in lingerie. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White furiously defended by co-star "It's kind of like putting on an old hat, in a way", she told Access. She continued: "Kim called me up and asked if I wanted to do the Skims ad with Alessandra Ambrosio, Candice Swanepoel and Tyra Banks. "I was like, 'Hell yeah!' It was a lot of fun to be with my Victoria's Secret Angels again." Heidi's daughter Leni, 18, is also planning to follow her mother in the modelling world with Heidi giving her daughter strict advice. She admitted: "It’s great and a bit scary at the same time, because the world is big and there are a lot of crazy people out there. "But I love that she is getting to do all of the things I always dreamed of doing. She’s worked on campaigns for Michael Kors, Dolce & Gabbana and Dior Beauty." Heidi has been sharing plenty of bikini snaps in the past few weeks as she enjoyed a holiday in Miami with her husband Tom Kaulitz. This included a video of herself dancing in a barely-there bikini and another of her in animal print. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton opens up on family dynamic after split from Richie [INSIGHT] Carol Vorderman, 61, exposes killer abs in sultry bikini [PICS] Denise Dowse dead: Beverly Hills 90210 star dies at 64 [DEATH] This comes after the supermodel shared plenty of PDA with her husband as they celebrated their three-year anniversary. Heidi shared a clip of herself looking sensational in a pink bikini as she held hands with her husband and ran into the ocean with him. Heidi married Tom, who is the guitarist for the band Tokio Hotel, in 2019. They were first linked in March 2018 and went public with their relationship two months later. They got engaged on Christmas Eve the same year and wed in February 2019 at a privately held ceremony, while on a yacht in Italy in August of that year. Heidi has four children, including daughter Leni, 18, being fathered by her ex-flame Flavio Briatore, and later being adopted by Heidi's ex-husband Seal. The model and Seal had three children together: Henry, 16, Johan, 15, and Lou, 12 during their marriage. They married in 2005, with Heidi filing for divorce in 2012, with the divorce being finalised in 2014.