Manchester United remain locked in talks with Adrien Rabiot's mother and agent Veronique over a deal for the Juventus midfielder despite striking a £15million agreement with the Italian giants. Yet negotiating terms has already seemingly become a game of cat and mouse, something the Red Devils cannot afford to become embroiled in given their desperation for new arrivals. United are still trying to thrash out personal terms with the 27-year-old but talks have stalled ahead of a potential roadblock. Nonetheless, the club remain optimistic they will still be able to push a transfer over the line for the France international. Yet if that very proposition became complex, there is an even better deal there to be struck for just an extra £10m in the form of Youri Tielemans. According to The Evening Standard, Leicester would be willing to entertain offers worth in the region of £25m. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Arsenal remain in the fray for the Belgian but so far, Leicester are yet to receive any offers for the 25-year-old technician. United have been tentatively linked with Tielemans earlier in the window but the Red Devils are yet to firm up their interest with an official proposal. Given his qualities and what he brings to the table, that is a major surprise with Tielemans among the most attractive midfield options currently on the market. He is yet to commit to signing a new Leicester contract in the view that he wants to move onto a new challenge following the Foxes' mini-demise. READ MOREMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag The Belgium international would already immediately improve United's midfield options - representing a clear upgrade on Scott McTominay and Fred. Rabiot is very much similar to the unconvincing duo in the sense that he is very mobile and likes to make his presence felt across the pitch. But more technical quality is required to carry out Erik ten Hag's slick style of attacking football and at the moment, United lack an orchestrator in the middle of the park. It's easy to see why Frenkie de Jong is of such strong interest but a deal for the Dutchman does not seem realistic in the slightest. Outside of him, Tielemans represents a player capable of conducting the play from deep - something United are currently starved of. He is far from a complete player but stylistically, he is much more capable of carrying out what Ten Hag desires, particularly when compared with Rabiot. It would be somewhat miraculous if nobody was willing to snap him up this summer at a cut price given Leicester would realistically have to consider any offers that arrive on their doorstep. Rabiot does not clearly improve United's current midfield options - Tielemans definitely does. United should consider a move, especially for an extra £10m.