Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka admitted it's 'a shame' that he only has two years left to run on his contract while discussing the 'big future' that the Gunners could have under current boss Mikel Arteta. The Swiss is seemingly keen to extend his stay in north London beyond the bounds of his deal, despite enduring a rocky relationship with fans over the years. Xhaka is now into his seventh season as an Arsenal player, having racked up more than 250 appearances for the club. It looked as though his time at the Emirates was up in 2019, when a period of criticism from fans culminated in a hostile substitution that saw him booed off the pitch and storm down the tunnel. The incident, which included Xhaka taking his shirt off and gesturing at fans, saw him stripped of the captaincy and only a last-ditch chat with Arteta convinced him to stay with the Gunners. Under the Spaniard's guidance, Xhaka's relationship with fans is in a much better place and, in a recent conversation with Express Sport and other reporters, he hinted at a desire to stick around for the long haul. "With [Rob] Holding and [Hector] Bellerin, I’m the only guy in the squad from six or seven years ago," he explained. JUST IN: Arsenal approaching next phase of Mikel Arteta transfer plan after £21.1m cash injection "We are building something here, a project under Mikel, something very special I think. It’s a shame I only have two more years of contract but we’ll see what happens. I see a big future for this club. "We are sitting here three years after [the incident] and to say I’ve had my greatest moment in an Arsenal shirt since then [the goal vs Manchester United last season] – three years ago I would’ve said it could never happen. I’m trying to build something with the fans again. It needs time, for sure, but it’s going in a good way." DON'T MISS...Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Yeremy Pino after promising £34m bidArsenal proven right over their own Fernando Torres as free transfer saga showsTottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo move The Arsenal hierarchy are clearly in line with Xhaka's views on Arteta, having backed him with significant transfer funds for the second consecutive summer. Midfielder Fabio Vieira is among the new arrivals and the Gunners have been heavily linked to Leicester star Youri Tielemans. It remains to be seen whether a crop of midfield new boys stand in the way of Xhaka's apparent desire to extend his stay at the Emirates beyond 2024. He started in the Premier League's curtain-raiser against Crystal Palace last Friday, playing the full 90 minutes while alternative options Albert Sambi Lokonga and Mohamed Elneny watched on from the bench. If he is to call it quits in two years' time, it certainly won't be down to a lack of respect for the boss. "[Arteta] is the reason I’m still at this football club," he added. "All of the club knows that, because three years ago I was gone. I had my suitcases packed. "I had the meeting and Mikel came, he wanted to hear my opinion. I told Mikel that it was nothing to do with him and ‘I’m done here. I can’t wear the shirt anymore.’ He asked for a six-month chance and if you’re still not happy, I’ll help you to leave. I took the decision myself, I didn’t even speak to my family and said that I’ll stay for you."