Tottenham can help Nottingham Forest secure their 18th summer signing by lending wing-back Sergio Reguilon to Atletico Madrid, according to reports. Free-spending Forest are understood to be interested in Atletico star Renan Lodi. A deal has been agreed between newly-promoted Forest and the Spanish giants for left-back Lodi. discussions over personal terms are now ‘progressing very well’ and Lodi could become the 18th arrival at the City Ground this summer. The move could hinge on whether Atletico sign Reguilon from Spurs. The Spaniard has not featured under Antonio Conte this season and is not in the Italian’s plans. Contracts are now being prepared for both transfers, with each likely to go through. Forest will sign the experienced Lodi as they continue to impress in the Premier League. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Tuchel has two transfers to get over the line after win That is according to transfer specialist Fabrizio Romano, who claims that there is still ‘some work to do’ in Forest’s move for Lodi but that talks are progressing well. The Brazilian left-back could be the next addition to Steve Cooper’s new look team. Forest have signed 17 players so far this summer, although they lost around 12 stars after securing promotion via the Championship play-offs last term. A huge turnaround in numbers has not had much impact on their form - with Cooper’s side picking up four points from their three matches. Omar Richards, who was signed from Bayern Munich, has suffered a leg fracture. Forest deem it necessary to sign a replacement for the former Reading starlet. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'reach transfer agreement' for Conte's eighth summer signingAdama Traore to Tottenham transfer doubt as Wolves star 'happy'Tottenham boss Antonio Conte ready to upset Harry Kane and end streak The Brazil international Lodi will replace Richards at the Midlands side. The Daily Mail have claimed that it is an initial loan deal for the 24-year-old, with Forest paying a £4.7m fee, which could be turned into a £25.4m permanent transfer. A move has been aided by Spurs’ willingness to find a new club for Reguilon. The former Real Madrid player has been training away from the north Londoners’ first team while he tries to resolve his future. Conte has made it clear that Reguilon is not in his plans for the forthcoming campaign. The 25-year-old has lost his place at left wing-back to Ryan Sessegnon. Reguilon will now join Atletico on loan for the remainder of the campaign. It is unclear whether the La Liga side have an option to buy him next summer.