Food and travel content creator Jazz shares her clever travel advice and tips on her TikTok account and her Instagram to help fellow travellers. Jazz recently detailed how she cleverly sneaks extra hand luggage onto the plane with her. She told TikTok followers: "I have a few tricks that I do when travelling with only hand luggage." Her main trick is hiding a bag of her belonging inside a duty free bag before flights. Jazz explained: "Number one, I put a bag inside a bag. I usually go to Boots, Duty Free, one of those stores and get a bag because they (cabin crew) are not allowed to touch anything within something you've bought already in the airport." Duty free shopping can be brought onto the plane along with hand luggage. They don't count as additional baggage and so flight attendants should let you take these bags on unhindered. READ MORE: 'Judging you': Flight attendant on why they 'awkwardly stand at the entrance of the plane' There are some other items that are also allowed to be carried on most airlines without extra charge. They are: Jazz suggested getting to your gate early if you want to keep your hand luggage with you and not risk having it stowed. She said: "I recommend getting on the plane a little bit early and not being late. DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares hard-to-spot sign to help passengers with luggage [EXPERT]Ultimate hotel room hack - avoid being robbed using 'tissue' [TRAVEL]'Never' eat anything on a plane before taking a crucial precaution [CABIN CREW]  "That's when they want to put your handheld bags under the plane, which isn't it." Lastly, the travel expert said: "Make sure that you roll everything in your suitcase so it can fit." Many followers admitted to also hiding extra luggage in duty free bags. One wrote: "I do this the duty free bag thing." Another said: "Yes, it’s a very good trick to use the bag-in-bag hack." However, one urged the content creator: "Stop with this. Ryanair will start checking the duty free bags." Another said: "I always bring a pillow case and put some clothes in." This is a handy way to stay comfy and increase your luggage allowance sneakily.  A mother has discovered a packing gadget made by 'geniuses' she calls a "travel must-have". It was highlighted by the content creator sharing her favourite Amazon picks. The products were detailed by Arielle Brimhall, a children's book author who shares her Amazon Finds with TikTok users. She boasts 53.8k followers on the app, where she detailed this "Amazon travel must-have."