Another major landslide has taken place along the Jurassic Coast which has been scorched by the hot weather. Onlookers watched stunned as a large section of Sidmouth cliff in Devon crashed onto the beach around 9.15am. According to eyewitness reports, parts of the cliff were still collapsing hours later. The recent heatwave has caused a number of cliffs to collapse as scorching temperatures, which have topped 40C, cracks the brittle cliffs. One cliff collapsed on this section of coast two weeks ago when temperatures skyrocketed to nearly 40C. Experts have warned that as the hot weather continues, more rock faces could fall without much warning. Police have also warned people to stay away from the area and reminded people not to walk on the beach below due to the unstable cliffs. READ MORE: GB News: Ann Widdecombe claims Tory Party is now 'unrecognisable' Rural East Devon Police said in a tweet: "Another large cliff fall this morning. Reminder to beach users not to walk on the beach East of Sidmouth due to unstable cliffs which could fall at any time." Emergency services were on the scene this morning including the police and the Coastguard. Lee Holt, a holidaymaker who took some of the dramatic photos, described the incident to the Sidmouth Herald. He said: "We started to walk along the promenade towards the cliffs. I spotted a small dust cloud on the beach, and then suddenly the cliff face gave way. We didn't hear anything but just the sight was immense.  "The lifeguard came running up and was on to the coastguard within seconds." A Coastguard team from Beer was reportedly the first to check the fall and found no causalities and no one at risk of injury. The east beach of Sidmouth has reportedly been closed for years due to the unstable cliff face looming precariously above. However, locals say that they have regularly seen people using the beach despite the warnings. DON'T MISS:Paul Newman: Risk factors of the 'horrible' disease that killed actor [INSIGHT]'Europe would be left alone' NATO warned to act before US elections [ANALYSIS]EU fears ‘radical’ new UK leader will weaken relations [REPORT]   Sidmouth resident Vikki Cunliffe told the BBC that just last week people had been walking underneath the cliff. She said: "[Today's fall] was definitely the largest I have seen there." She added: "There was another big fall later, and many smaller falls. It's been going on every half-an-hour. "Thank goodness it was not last week during the Sidmouth Folk Festival, when there were a lot of people walking underneath there."