Manchester United haven’t completely given up on signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, it has been claimed. A deal for the Netherlands international looks borderline impossible at this late stage, with roughly 24 hours of the transfer window remaining. However, it appears there’s still some hope from the Red Devils’ side as they look to get their priority target in the door after months of intense speculation… Manchester United appeared to have moved on from De Jong when they signed Casemiro from Real Madrid last month. However, Beyond the Pitch host Phil Brown has revealed the Red Devils ‘haven’t completely given up’ on the 25-year-old, before then admitting any potential deal is likelier to take place in January or next summer instead. “I’m told Utd haven't completely given up trying to do it this window but more likely in Jan/next summer,” he said in response to a picture of De Jong. The midfielder is currently in England after Barcelona allowed their players some time off. However, there’s still no indication that United have made any progress when it comes to convincing the 25-year-old that Old Trafford is the place to be. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all United had no issue with agreeing a fee with Barcelona earlier in the transfer window, prior to landing Casemiro. The Red Devils agreed an initial £63million deal, which was due to rise to £72m once add-ons and bonuses were included. But their problem has always been convincing the midfielder to leave the Nou Camp, something he’s reluctant to do. De Jong is happy to stay at Barcelona, believing they’re finally in a position to challenge for the biggest trophies on offer after a few inconsistent years. The La Liga giants have backed Xavi in a way they never did with Ronald Koeman, landing the likes of Raphinha, Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him De Jong always dreamed of playing for Barcelona as a child, and won’t give up on making himself a hit. He and his fiancee, Mikky Kiemeney, are happy living the city having recently made some big investments - as well as getting engaged. And De Jong wants to play in the Champions League, something United can’t offer after their sixth-placed finish under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. While United have the money for De Jong, on top of their deal to Casemiro, they’re in a race against time to get the transfer done. All signs still point to the 25-year-old staying at Barcelona at the current moment in time. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And United are also unlikely to sign two other Barcelona players who have been linked with potential moves to Old Trafford. Sergino Dest would love to be reunited with Erik ten Hag, having previously played under the Dutchman at Ajax. But the USA international now seems to be closing in on a loan move to AC Milan instead. And while United have been linked with Memphis Depay, Express Sport understands the Netherlands international isn’t being pursued at this late stage. Ten Hag was asked about United’s transfer business on Wednesday, ahead of his side’s Premier League showdown with Leicester. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And though he suggested his side were content with what they’ve got, he did also call on his recruitment department to be ‘alert’. “I think so, for this window it will be the end,” Ten Hag said. “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert. “Aaron [Wan-Bissaka] will stay in. "This squad we will go from September to minimum January.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here