Ella Carter, the sister-in-law of Archie Battersbee, told Sky News that the boy's mother, Holly Dance, has been left “exhausted” by the constant battle to keep her son from having his life support removed. She said that Holly will quickly return to her “fighting spirit” but for now she “needs to rest”. It comes as the family awaits a final decision from the Supreme Court having failed at all lower levels.    Ms Carter said: “We’re hoping that they accept our appeal and that they will hear our case. “I think it has been really frustrating and disheartening for the family that the UN’s request has just been brushed under the carpet. “We saw that as our lifeline and it was really just sad that no-one took any notice of it. So, we are really hoping that they will take that into consideration. “I think today [Holly] is just exhausted. Her and Paul just want to take this time to spend it with Archie. “She’s going to be back tomorrow, back in her fighting spirit, as per usual, but I think today she just needs to rest. She’s been fighting non-stop for nearly four months now and I think it has really gotten to her recently.”    Archie Battersbee's parents are awaiting a decision from the UK's highest court on whether the withdrawal of his life-sustaining treatment should be further delayed. The 12-year-old has been in a coma since he was found unconscious by his mother on April 7 and is currently being kept alive by a combination of medical interventions, including ventilation and drug treatments, at the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel, east London. His parents, Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, were granted a Court of Appeal hearing on Monday after the Government asked judges to urgently consider a request from a UN committee to keep treating Archie while it reviews his case. However, after considering the matter, three judges refused to postpone the withdrawal of life-sustaining treatment beyond midday on Tuesday.They also refused to grant permission to appeal against their ruling at the Supreme Court. READ MORE: Archie Battersbee: Court intervention on life support decision fails [REPORT]   But Ms Dance and Mr Battersbee have now filed an application directly with the Supreme Court and a panel of three justices is considering their request. Archie's parents want the court to order that his treatment should continue to allow the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (UNCRPD) time to consider their complaint, made last week. Ms Dance said: “We are having to battle over every decision with the hospital. There is nothing dignified in how we are being treated as a family in this situation. We do not understand what the rush is and why all of our wishes are being denied. “I know Archie's still with us. Archie's showing very different signs to what the clinicians are actually putting over to the courts. “He's very much there, he's progressing in so many ways. We pray for an encouraging response from the Supreme Court.” DON'T MISS: 'Cruel' – Archie Battersbee's parents' anguish as life-support to end [REVEAL] Archie Battersbee parents' appeal to keep 12-year-old alive DENIED   [REPORT] UK prevented from turning off life support for Archie Battersbee [REPORT]   A spokesman for the Christian Legal Centre, which is supporting the legal action by Archie's parents, said the hospital trust has confirmed it will not take any steps to withdraw treatment until the Supreme Court has reached a decision. The court confirmed it has received the application and it is being considered by a panel of three justices. A spokeswoman said: “The Supreme Court is aware of the urgency of this matter. A panel of three justices will consider the application for permission to appeal 'on paper', in the usual way.” Archie's treatment had been due to be withdrawn on Monday, after a High Court judge concluded that would be "lawful" and in his best interests, and the family had exhausted all routes of appeal. The Court of Appeal refused permission to challenge that ruling last week, but the case was brought back before the court on Monday after the UNCRPD requested that the Government “refrain from withdrawing” Archie's treatment while it considers the complaint from his parents. READ NEXT: Tearful Archie Battersbee's mum vows 'we'll fight to end'Archie Battersbee: Dad of brain-damaged boy rushed to hospitalArchie Battersbee judges rules life-support can be switched offArchie Battersbee: Parents in appeal to keep boy aliveEamonn Holmes’ fury over online death game as he shares heartbreak  