April (played by Amelia Flanagan) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Emmerdale recently, with the youngster helping her father Marlon (Mark Charnock) slowly recover from his stroke. The youngster has also been playing a part in making sure his wedding day to Rhona Goskirk (Zoë Henry) goes along without a hitch as she wants the occasion to be perfect. However, once all the celebrations are out of the way, she could discover the man who has raised her isn't her biological father on the ITV soap. In Wednesday night's episode of the weeknight serial drama, April joined Rhona, her mother Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) and Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) for some pre-wedding celebrations. None of them realised Marlon had taken ill and was waiting alongside Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) for the doctors to discharge him. As the evening continued, April and Rhona got a moment to themselves, with the youngster stating: "I don't think I'm going to be able to sleep tonight." Rhona replied: "I don't think I will, either, and I have had several glasses of Prosecco," with the schoolgirl adding: "I just can't wait for you to be my actual, real stepmom." "Stepmom, it's just a word, isn't it? Listen, April. I know I'm not your real mum but I promise you I will be everything a real mum should be," Rhona added. READ MORE: Gok Wan declares he’s ‘had enough’ as he walks off This Morning "And you and me and Leo and your dad, we're going to make the most amazing, special family," the village vet continued. "We're nearly at the finishing line," she concluded before the pair shared an embrace, with it seeming they were going to be the perfect happy family. Although Marlon is currently in the hospital, soap spoilers have already revealed he will make it down the aisle and marry Rhona. They might think they can now live a happy life together but their next challenge could be when April's paternity is questioned. It could be Paddy's cousin, Ross Kirk (Samuel Anderson), who will see a social media post of the wedding and see April all grown up. Realising she has some of his features, Ross could return to the village and ask Marlon to do a paternity test with him. Although he would be reluctant, April will have already caught wind of the situation and will want to know if she is Marlon's daughter. Paddy would be furious with his cousin for rocking up and causing chaos, having not been seen in the village since 2009. He did have a relationship with Donna Windsor (Verity Rushworth) and when she left the Dales, she did think Ross could be the father. When the results of the paternity test come through, both men could be shocked to discover neither of them is April's father. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] This would bring around a huge new storyline to try and uncover who April's father really is and who Donna slept with all those years ago. Could it be another character living in the village currently is going to turn out to be the young schoolgirl's father? It could be Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) brushed paths with Donna before he returned to the Dales in 2009 and he could be April's father. How will Marlon react if he realises the wrong Dingle has been raising the youngster and will April want to get to know Cain a bit better? If it were to emerge and an affair had taken place, this would mean Cain would have five children and April would be his second daughter after Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb). The actress who plays Rhona, Zoë, has previously spoken about how much the youngster means to her character and Marlon, especially with regards to the stroke storyline. Zoë explained to Express.co.uk and other media: "Kids are way more adaptable and accepting than we give them credit for. "April comes through, she's pretty strong and she is amazing. But you can't erase the fact she's lost her own mother. "So there are a lot of things echoing for April. But Rhona is just going to do her best. Every day is a new challenge." Will they face another challenge of having to say goodbye to April as she goes to live with her birth father or will the youngster decide to stay with the people who have raised her? Zoë even hinted at more obstacles to come as she explained: "I'm sure there will be more bumps further down the line." Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) could end up looking after his granddaughter once the discovery is made as he acts as an interim. Even he could be left scratching his head as to how Donna ended up having three men questioning whether they are the youngster's father. Will this bring about a new side of April's character as she becomes more mature and becomes her own person? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.