Spain is known for its many beautiful beaches, but according to a new ranking, one specific beach is "widely considered as one of the most beautiful in the country". Spain-Holiday, which provides holiday rentals in Spain, developed the ranking to help seaside-loving tourists decide the best destination for their next vacation. Playa de Rodas, Galicia - 4.9 stars The Playa de Rodas in Galicia was ranked as the "best" beach in Spain, according to Spain-Holiday. The experts said the beach is "widely considered as one of the most beautiful in the country." This beach even won the title of “most beautiful beach in the world” in 2007. The experts said: "Playa de Rodas is located in the paradisiacal Cies Islands off the coast of Vigo, an archipelago with incredibly clear water and an impressive natural landscape. "Enjoy half a mile of the finest white sand, surrounded by pine forests and gently sloping dunes. "Playa de Rodas is a protected natural area. You won’t find any amenities here, so bring everything you need for a beach day yourself." The beach has been awarded a Blue Flag for its outstanding water quality and cleanliness and can be visited taking a ferry from the mainland, which departs from Vigo every 35 minutes. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: Uncharged phones could be banned from flights Playa de Cofete, Fuerteventura - 4.8 stars Playa de Cofete in Fuerteventura is described as "one of the Canary Islands’ hidden gems." Located in the Jandia Natural park, this relatively unknown beach is characterised by its impressive dunes of golden sand and the famous rock formation “la Pared” (the Wall). Playa de Cofete is a great location for snorkelling and boasts an incredible 12 kilometres long beach. Playa Morro de Jable, Fuerteventura - 4.8 stars Playa Morro de Jable is another beach located on Fuertevenura. The experts said: "This is one of the most visited beaches of Fuerteventura, attracting many visitors each year with its turquoise waters and fine golden sand." The beach offers plenty of amenities including restaurants, shops and bars. There are also plenty of sunbeds and a lifeguard service. Playa de Sotavento, Fuerteventura - 4.8 stars Spain-Holidays likens Playa de Sotavento to a Caribbean beach. They said: "This unspoilt beach is absolutely gorgeous, with calm, turquoise water and fine sand." The beach is a great location for swimming and snorkelling and hosts the Kite Boarding World Championships annually. Playa de Ses Illetes, Balearics - 4.8 stars Playa de Ses Illetes, located on the coast of Formentera, is known for its deep-blue water and white sand. It’s located on the north coast of the island, inside a natural park, and is accessed with a walk through the dunes that surround it. The experts said: "Ses Illetes gives all the impressions of an untouched beach, but a couple of minutes of walking will get you to an area with restaurants and small shops where you can have lunch during your visit." Playa de Carnota, Galicia - 4.8 stars Playa de Carnota in Galicia is one of the largest beaches on the Iberian Peninsula. This beach stretches over seven kilometres. Though the water can be cold, this is an ideal beach for snorkelling. On land, there are plenty of nearby hiking routes to discover. Playa de Berellín, Cantabria - 4.8 stars laya de Berellín in Val de San Vicente in Cantabria is described as a "hidden, unspoilt" beach. The experts said: "It’s tucked away and sheltered from the main currents, so the shallow, calm water is perfectly safe for swimming with young children. "While you could spend your entire day on the beach, make sure to check out some of the beautiful walking routes in the area, as well as the viewpoint that gives you amazing views of the cove and the Atlantic." DON'T MISSHand luggage rules: 5 common foods banned from flights [EXPLAINER]Masses of tourists flock to UK beach  [INSIGHT]EU travel rules Britons must follow in 2023 - 'a lot more complicated' [COMMENT] Playa de Nogales, La Palma - 4.8 stars Playa de Nogales on La Palma, one of the smaller Canary Islands, is a small but incredibly beautiful beach surrounded by steep cliffs. This virgin beach stands out because of its black, volcanic sand and spectacular views. The beach is perfect for watersports, but also offers plenty of hiking routes. Playa del Viejo Reyes, Fuerteventura - 4.8 stars Playa del Vieja Reyes on Fuerteventura is said to be "one of the best on the island for surfing". Hidden away behind the cliffs, the beach gives the impression of being completely isolated. The experts said: "This beach is pretty secluded, which means there are not many amenities present, although you will find a quiet village with restaurants and bars a short drive away." Playa de Valdearenas, Cantabria - 4.8 stars Close to Santander, in the north of Spain, you will find Playa de Valdearenas. The beach is home to fine white sand and is sheltered by dunes and a large pine forest. The beach is part of the Geological Park of Costa Quebrada, meaning that it is a protected area because of the unique rock formations you can find there.