Pierce Brosnan changed the way cinemagoers viewed James Bond in the 1990s. The films became bombastic and outrageous, and changed the landscape of the 007 franchise. He starred in four films over seven years - one of which, Tomorrow Never Dies, is on ITV tonight at 8pm. But before Daniel Craig took over proper, he received some important wisdom from Brosnan that would sculpt his way of playing the hero. Craig changed Bond even more when he hit cinemas in 2006's Casino Royale. 007 was moulded into a dark and gritty agent that took no prisoners, but murdered them instead. Gone were the days of slapstick comedy and joy, now the world was at stake and Craig was there to fight to save it. But before Craig launched onto screen, he met Brosnan for a much-needed push in the right direction. Craig remembered meeting Brosnan just before he started filming. He said: "I went and saw him when I’d just got the part. He was brilliant." The GoldenEye star couldn't leave without giving the budding actor some powerful advice. Brosnan told Craig: "Just enjoy the ride." READ MORE: Diana Rigg's brutal put down of James Bond co-star George Lazenby Craig reflected on this advice. "Just enjoy it," he said. "I just started enjoying it a year ago, that’s funny." Brosnan also spoke candidly about meeting Craig just before he became a worldwide phenomenon. Except, his version of events were a little different to how Craig remembered them. "We did pass in the night, Daniel and I, when my day was done," Brosnan recalled. "I knew that Daniel was going to be, and had been offered, the part." Brosnan said Craig was "very apprehensive" about joining the ranks of the likes of Sean Connery, Roger Moore and Timothy Dalton. DON'T MISS...Diana Rigg's brutal put down of James Bond co-star George Lazenby [NEWS]Next James Bond: Major Idris Elba upset - Luther actor leapfrogged [INFO]Actors who almost played James Bond and one who became 007’s boss  [INSIGHT] Brosnan went on: "I remember seeing him one night, we were in a club, having a great time with friends. He was really wrestling with it." The Die Another Day star could not help but offer him some advice on his future. He revealed: "I just said: ‘Go do it. You can do it, you’ll be brilliant, you’ll kick yourself if you don’t. Snap out of it, and go be Bond.'" He added: "And boy, did he ever?" Craig has continued the tradition of offering advice to the next Bond since he left the series. Craig starred in his fifth and final Bond movie last year, in No Time To Die. Since then, he has been quizzed about the next 007 star. His advice was: "There’s a couple things I’d say. One is: don’t be s**t. [And] I would say you have to grab it and make it your own." James Bond No Time To Die is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now. SOURCE