BBC Weather forecaster Carol Kirkwood predicted temperatures falling around the high 20s and 30s as we head into the middle of the week. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) issued a level three heat warning to cover most of England from Tuesday. As temperatures continue to rise Britons have been advised to not stay in the sun for too long, to wear proper UV protection, and to stay hydrated. Ms Kirkwood said: "Looking at heatwave conditions as we go through the rest of this week. "Temperatures continuing to soar for some, we've got up to 36 degrees for some it will be the mid to high 20s. "But wherever you are at the moment, temperatures are rising. "Now we've got some mist this morning across parts of East Anglia for example. JUST IN: Supermum of seven boys describes hectic life changing 175 nappies a week     Ms Kirkwood added: "That will move quite quickly, it's a mild start except for parts of Wales and North Yorkshire where it's a bit cooler. "And we've got a weather front draped across the North and West of Scotland. "Producing some drizzle and pushing Northward through the course of the day. "It's breezy here, but for many, it will brighten up.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson misled Parliament, claims Downing Street ex-staff in investigation Ms Kirkwood said: "And to give you an idea of today's temperatures we get 24 in Aberdeen to about 30, possibly 31 in West London and also Surrey. "Now as we head on through the evening and overnight once again we'll see some patchy mist form. "For a lot of us it's going to be a dry night, still some drizzle coming out of this cloud. "Across the North and West of Scotland, it will be breezy. "There's going to be a fairly mild night, these are our overnight lows, all of us more or less staying in double figures. DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT]  Ms Kirkwood added: "So into tomorrow, any patchy mist that has formed overnight will quite quickly disperse, it will be another dry day for most of us. "But you can see already, this weather front starting to come in later in the day to the Outer Hebrides. "It's going to be just as well in the North and West of Scotland, and eventually we will see some rain. "And by tomorrow these are our temperature values, 25 in Aberdeen so that is going up a bit, 32 around Birmingham. "And as we head through the latter part of the week, as I mentioned earlier it's not out of the realms of possibility that some of us could hit 36 degrees."  READ NEXT