With a net worth of $45million (around £36.96million), according to Celebrity Net Worth.com, it’s hardly surprising that Dame Judi Dench lives in a stunning home. Dame Judi has had an illustrious career that spans several decades. The English actor, who was born in York, is best known for her roles in several Shakespeare plays and for her character M in eight James Bond films. She has also appeared in A Room with a View (1985), Notes on a Scandal (2006) and Philomena (2013). The 87-year-old has received several accolades for her roles including an Academy Award, a Tony Award, two Golden Globe Awards, four British Academy Television Awards, six British Academy Film Awards and seven Olivier Awards. Away from the screen, Dame Judi lives in Outwood, Surrey which she previously shared with her husband Michael Williams who sadly died in 2001. So what’s Dame Judi’s home like? Express.co.uk finds out. READ MORE: ‘Worst thing to do’ when mowing your lawn - ‘encourages weeds’ The actress is thought to have lived in the picturesque farmhouse in Outwood, Surrey for years. The small village has a population of fewer than 1,000. Dame Judi’s property was built in 1470 and is thought to be almost 7,000 square-feet in size. The property also comes with lots of land, a separate cottage, a swimming pool, workshops, barns and a pond. DON'T MISSGrass care: Lawn 'jobs you should be doing' in August [INSIGHT]Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' [UPDATE]How to clean white goods: ‘Simple’ tinfoil hack for dishwashers [ANALYSIS] Dame Judi can sometimes be spotted at The Castle, a popular pub in the village. In fact, the English actress backed a campaign to save The Castle pub in 2020 from being turned into a house. The pub sits in the centre of the village on Miller’s Lane. The initial application submitted by Oxygen 56 in May 2020 was recommended for approval, subject to conditions, by planning officers. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A vote saw the plans rejected after Tandridge councillor Kevin Bourne reported it to the Planning Committee. The reason given was that "the proposal would result in the loss of a community facility" and the marketing to demonstrate there is no longer a demand for the facilities was deemed "insufficient”, according to planning documents. The pub was listed as an Asset of Community Value (ACV) in October 2020, and the protected status lasts for five years. Dame Judi also opened a newly renovated community hall in the village in 2015.  The community hall, known as Lloyd Hall, is located in Outwood. The hall underwent a £500,000 refurbishment following long-standing subsidence issues that threatened the venue's future use. The English actress cut the ribbon during the hall’s reopening. More than 200 people gathered to see Judi and the hall’s transformation.