The only daughter of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, delighted royal supporters this week by stepping out to cheer on athletes during the fourth and fifth days of the Commonwealth Games taking place in Birmingham. Lady Louise Windsor was praised for her poise during the outings, while also showing a keen interest in the sporting events she watched from the stands. These public appearances also allowed royal fans to take a closer look at the 18-year-old and compare her most recent pictures to one of her grandmother the Queen dating back to 1946, when the current monarch was 20. Sparking a buzzing conversation, Twitter user @dagmar_marie77 shared a collection of photos of the two royals and wrote: "I spot someone who’s looking a lot like her grandmother and her mother." Replying to this post, @britishharley2 said: "Wow, she really does look like young Elizabeth." Similarly, @sbeckvermit wrote: "Wow, Lady Louise has a remarkable resemblance to the Queen." Twitter user @prissmint said: "Looking at these photos I’m stunned! They could be twins!" And @andismom4 added: "Amazing resemblance!" Other Twitter users, however, also noticed similarities between Lady Louise and her mother Sophie. @lady_moffat wrote: "Lady Louise is like a perfect combination of both sides of her family. I see as much Edward as I do Sophie. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma "People have been calling her a true English rose, and she really is!" And @stephybrown added: "I used to think she had a lot of Sophie in her. "But seeing these photos you can see a lot of Her Majesty in her. She a good mix of both." Louise is believed to be very close to the Queen and has been described in the past by some royal commentators and sources as her favourite granddaughter. A source previously said of Louise: "She is level-headed, thoughtful and kind, and reminds the Queen of herself as a young woman. "They are thick as thieves and can often be found riding their ponies alone together, where the Queen enjoys imparting a lot of wisdom on her granddaughter." One of the reasons the monarch feels so in tune with her youngest granddaughter, it was also claimed, is her love for Balmoral. A source told the Sun: "The Queen loves the fact that Louise and James relish their time at Balmoral, and she has become particularly close to Louise, who seems to have become her favourite grandchild, closely followed by James." Her Majesty also reportedly granted Louise access to drawings made by Queen Victoria after noticing her artistic abilities. The source added: "Because of her obvious artistic skill, the Queen allowed Louise to look through some of the collection of Queen Victoria’s Highlands sketches which are kept at Balmoral but are rarely dug out these days." Lady Louise joined Edward, Sophie and her brother James, Viscount Severn, to watch an array of sporting events on Monday and Tuesday. The young royal was spotted cheering for England during a badminton match before watching Canadian weightlifter Maude Charron triumphing in the women's 64-kilogram weightlifting event and setting a new Commonwealth Games record. On Tuesday, she watched some of the track and field events before joining the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their daughter Princess Charlotte at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre to watch swimmers. The Wessexes have been very present over the past five days of the Games not just because of their love for sports. Edward, the Queen's youngest son, is the vice-president of the Commonwealth Games Foundation. On top of attending the Opening Ceremony last Thursday and sporting events, he was also with the Queen last October when she sent off the Commonwealth Games' Baton to tour the 72 territories taking part in the competition.