It's almost September and that means one thing... Apple could soon launch a brand new range of iPhones. The US technology firm has a long-standing tradition of revealing its next generation of devices in the autumn and anyone considering an upgrade should definitely hold off until next month to see what new features are coming to these famous phones. Luckily, it appears Apple fans may not have too long to wait until they find out what is in store with rumours swirling around the web that this year's keynote from the company's HQ in Cupertino, California could be a lot earlier than usual. In previous years, iPhones have always been unveiled in the second week of September. For example, the iPhone 13 arrived on September 14 and the iPhone 11 was unveiled on September 10 - but that might not be the case in 2022. Numerous reports are suggesting that the iPhone 14 will be unleased to the world on September 6. If true, that will mean there are just a few weeks to go until we find out full details about these new call makers. If Apple does reveal its new devices on September 6 we can then expect pre-orders to go live later that week with the phones arriving in stores from Friday, September 16. As with all upcoming Apple events, details remain pretty scarce about what will feature on these upgrades. READ MORE: Amazon Kindle fans have just DAYS left before crucial feature is gone for good However, rumours suggest that the iPhone Mini might be ditched from the lineup with the new range including an iPhone 14, iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. It's thought the standard iPhone 14 will get the same A14 Bionic processor found in the current iPhone 13 although it's likely that the cameras will be improved and we could see longer battery life and faster charging. Those wanting a bigger upgrade might need to look at buying the iPhone 14 Pro models with these devices expected to get the latest A15 chip which will be even faster and more powerful than before. It's also rumoured that the Pro versions will finally get always-on displays which will show the time along with notification alerts. The other major change in 2022 could mean the end of the notch with it thought Apple is planning to punch the front-facing camera through the display rather than having it stuck at the top. If you are in the market for a new iPhone and September 6 does turn out to be the date for the grand unveiling expect Apple to make an announcement very soon. Invites are usually sent out to media two weeks before the showcase so watch this space!