Jade, 29, from Tamworth, saw a gap in the market to become a Nouveau Lashes artist in her area, as there was a lack of artists in her area. She has always liked lashes and would regularly have hers done, and found that there was a lot of interest once she set up her business. She previously worked at the Estée Lauder beauty counter in a shop. Jade's side hustle has been so successful that she matched her previous salary in the first three months with her new venture. The beauty talent said: “It took me a couple of months to build a solid repeat clientele, but once I had, I very quickly found I was earning around £1,200 a month. “And by the end of my first year, I was earning roughly over £32,000, which was way above my salary from my last job.” READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Jade now enjoys more freedom with her side hustle, with less stress and more money to afford things she couldn’t get before. She said: “Although I work a lot of hours, I can adjust my hours and days off to suit me, which gives me a lot more freedom. “I feel like I can be myself so much and have a lot more mental clarity. “As well as this, I’ve made friends for life with my clients, and have been able to buy myself things I couldn’t have dreamed of before, like my dream car and several holidays a year. “My lifestyle has completely changed.” Jade shares pictures of her work on her Instagram page, Life is Art Lashes. Her services include classic, Russian, hybrid and LVL (Length, volume, lift) treatments. She can also do precision and lamination brows. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments Debbie Law, Lash Trainer from Nouveau Lashes said that it is common for people to take up the trade to boost their income alongside their current job. She said: “We find that many new artists come to us as they’re looking for a way to earn money on the side of a current job, and they want to see whether doing lashes is the right fit for them. “It’s a great way to make money, as artists can choose their own hours and work it around their own times. “Whether it’s a mum looking for a business to run from her home, a teacher looking to take advantage of their time off, or someone in a 9 to 5 job looking for a way to make more cash in the evenings.”  Artists can also be flexible with how many clients they have each week. Ms Law said: “Whether you have time for five, 10 or 20 clients in a week, you could see yourself earning hundreds in a week once you become a fully qualified Nouveau Lash Artist. “And if you’re worried about starting up your own business, you’ll also get great support from the brand and other artists through our Facebook group.” Figures on the Nouveau Lashes website show that artists can earn £900 a month by doing 20 LVL treatments, and £900 for 20 extension treatments. This is with an average price of £45 for LVL treatments and £65 for extensions.