Princess Charlotte stole the show at the Commonwealth Games on Tuesday as the young royal displayed a series of animated facial expressions during the dramatic sporting event. Accompanying her parents Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William, the seven-year-old appeared to be engrossed in the competitions she watched, and was spotted listening to her mum intently as she pointed out what was going on. Charlotte was photographed cheering, pouting and grimacing as the sports unfolded. Her surprise outing reminded royal watchers of the youngster’s public appearances during the Platinum Jubilee, which saw Charlotte and her two brothers — nine-year-old Prince George and four-year-old Prince Louis — make their official royal debut as a trio.While Charlotte was spotted dancing and singing during the Platinum Party at the Palace, and keeping her brothers in check during Trooping the Colour and on the Buckingham Palace balcony, it was the youngest Cambridge child who came out as the scene-stealer.Louis captured the nation’s hearts with his hard-to-contain energy and funny faces during the four-day weekend.And now, a royal commentator has claimed the two Cambridge children get their animated characteristics from their mum. READ MORE: William and Kate tipped to change vital royal rule with own children: ‘They’ll avoid it' Discussing Charlotte’s recent appearance at the Commonwealth, co-host of the Royally Obsessed podcast Roberta Frito compared the young royal’s sport-watching facial expressions to those of her mother’s.She told this week’s episode: “I have to say the facial expressions remind me of Kate watching Wimbledon.“And I feel like Louis, Charlotte and Kate are all like that.Ms Frito added: “A royal who grows up royal, like William and Harry, can train themselves to not show expressions that much and emotion. “But Kate is so expressive, so I think they [Charlotte and Louis] get that from their mum.”Throughout her 11 years as an official member of the Royal Family, the Duchess of Cambridge has attended several sporting competitions and her emotions throughout the often intense events have been clear.An avid tennis player and supporter, Kate has become a regular fixture in the Royal Box at Wimbledon.And now, in her role as Patron of the All England Club, the Duchess has front-row seats to watch the matches play out. Back in 2019, Kate and William watched the longest Championship final in history, triggering a rollercoaster of emotions for the royals as Novak Djokovic beat Roger Federer. At one point, the mum-of-three was spotted with her head in her hands. The year before, the Duchess also grimaced as Djokovic and Kevin Anderson battled it out in the men's final. In 2017, William and Kate rose to their feet to celebrate Federer’s triumph over Marin Cilic in the men's final. The Swiss pro is a long-time friend of the Middletons, having attended Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' wedding in 2017. Federer has even given Prince George a private tennis lesson at Carole and Michael Middleton’s home in Bucklebury. And in 2014, William and Kate watched a particularly gripping final between Djokovic and Federer again. The Duchess was photographed gasping during one especially tense moment as the tennis stars battled it out. Much like her mum, Charlotte appeared to be totally invested in the sports at the Commonwealth Games on Tuesday. The young princess revealed gymnastics was the sport she liked most and was spotted leaping for joy as she watched England win its 10th Commonwealth Games gold medal in gymnastics in Birmingham. Kate and William were also pictured with huge grins on their faces as they revelled in Charlotte's excitement.