Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has spoken out after his side’s stirring 2-1 win over Liverpool at Old Trafford on Monday night. The Red Devils have gone into the game as underdogs after previously losing their first two Premier League matches. But they managed to pick up all three points at the third time of asking, with both Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford on target. Manchester United were too strong for Liverpool on Monday night. The Red Devils decided to make four changes from the side that were battered 4-0 by Brentford last week, with the likes of Harry Maguire, Fred, Cristiano Ronaldo and Luke Shaw all dropping out. And it led to United producing their best display in recent memory. Sancho opened the scoring in the first half, showing great composure to slot past Alisson Becker. And Rashford beat Alisson in the second half, with Mohamed Salah then netting a consolation for the visitors to spark a frantic finale. Ten Hag was asked about the display from his team in the aftermath and accidentally swore, forcing an apology from Sky Sports in the process. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd “We played f***ing good football,” he said. Sky Sports host David Jones then offered an apology, with Ten Hag prompting laughter from Gary Neville, Roy Keane and Jamie Carragher around him. Ten Hag also said: "We have to be a team, in good spirits and that is what we saw today. “I told them we have to act, not talk a lot. We have to battle, be brave." Ten Hag then proceeded to praise goalscorers Sancho and Rashford, while also singling out the likes of Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez and Scott McTominay for their displays. Sancho himself spoke out after the game. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already  "It means a lot. Our first two games didn't go so well and had it turn it around today,” he said. "Last week hurt a lot and we knew we had to bounce back and tonight we showed the fans what we can do. "I didn't realise how much time I had, but once I dropped the defender I needed the composure to finish. "It means a lot to all of us, you can see how the fans are reacting. We got the three points but on to the next one. "We just have to produce like today in every single game. Happy we got the three points and we move on." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Rashford was delighted, too. The England international said: “We just started the game with a higher tempo, we was tired towards the end, we kept going, stuck at it and got a goal back and we didn’t fold - we kept defending well. “It was an enjoyable game to play in. “It’s a massive game for the club, I’ve always said regardless of the circumstances you’re in a game against Liverpool. “It’s massive no matter what. To get the win is massive, we’ve not done so well starting the season so it's good to pick up the first three points.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. He then added: “It was a goal I’ve scored quite regularly. I felt I was in good areas, good positions and on another day could’ve had a few more goals. “Just keep going and focus on the next game.” On being switched to the left wing in the second half, he continued: “It’s just the versatility we have in the team especially in attack. “The game was going well, in the first-half we were attacking some good spaces but we weren’t quite getting the end product we deserve in the first half. “In the second half, slightly less clearcut chances but we done better with them, for us to change, chop and change positions like that is always a positive.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here