The Foreign Secretary was seen watching on at the Alexander Arena alongside her teenage daughters as they took in the action on the athletics track. Ms Truss' husband Hugh O'Leary, who she married in 2000, was spotted while Andy Street, a Conservative party politician and West Midlands Mayor, also joined them. Last month, she revealed her two teenage daughters are currently involved in managing her social media campaign. Ms Truss told the Daily Telegraph: "My oldest daughter's working on the digital team. "She's done a computing GCSE so she's helping out on that. And my younger daughter was there as well, giving general political advice." Later on Saturday, the Foreign Secretary called on the Tories to "unite" to take on Sir Keir Starmer and the Labour Party as she continues to gain support from current and former Cabinet ministers. On Thursday, Kay Burley slammed the Tory leadership candidate for her constant U-turning on policies, asking her if the "real Liz Truss will please stand up". The Sky News host brought up the Foreign Secretary’s apparent U-turns on a number of areas - including Brexit, Ukraine, the green belt, civil servant’s pay, the abolition of the monarchy, and whether or not to arm Taiwan. Ms Burley said: “Final question for you. You were a Remainer and now you are not. You supported Brits to fight in Ukraine and then you did not. “You wanted to build on the green belt and now you do not. You wanted to abolish the monarchy and now you do not. READ MORE: UK facing heat pump crisis as EU bows to eco mob AND bans critical gas  “You wanted to arm Taiwan and now I am not sure whether you are saying you do or you do not. You wanted to cut civil servants' pay in the regions and then you said you did not.” Ms Burley then paused, before continuing: "Will the real Liz Truss please stand up." The question sparked applause among the audience as Ms Truss looked sheepish before responding. On Friday, the Foreign Secretary promised to clamp down on "unfair protests" after a small group of climate activists disrupted her speech at a Tory leadership hustings. DON'T MISSLabour MP slammed after defending Nicola Sturgeon 'Dangerous game!' [COMMENTS]Liz Truss's economic plan ripped apart by Dominic Grieve [VIDEO]Penny Mordaunt on exactly why she’s backing Liz Truss [INTERVIEW]  The five protesters heckled Ms Truss over climate change and energy bills, and could be heard shouting "shame on you" and calling for a Green New Deal. Later on, another protester was escorted out as she was in the middle of a question and answer session with Conservative Party members. Ms Truss joked: "I take it as a compliment that I'm so popular with Extinction Rebellion." She said after they left the studio: "Can I just say a few words on the militant people who try and disrupt our country and who try and disrupt our democratic process and try and disrupt our essential services.  "I would legislate immediately to make sure that we are standing up to militant trade unions who stop ordinary commuters getting into work. And I would legislate to protect our essential services." She added: "And I will make sure that militant activists such as Extinction Rebellion are not able to disrupt ordinary people who work hard and do the right thing and go into work. "I will never ever, ever allow our democracy to be disrupted by unfair protests." 