Jamie Carragher has told an Everton-supporting YouTuber to ‘get to f***’ as the former Liverpool defender doubled down on his views on Tottenham striker Richarlison. Carragher slammed Richarlison for performing kick-ups in a display of showboating during Spurs’ 2-0 win over Nottingham Forest on Sunday. Richarlison angered Forest’s players by producing the piece of skill, with head coach Steve Cooper suggesting that he would not want his players copying the Brazilian. Winger Brennan Johnson was booked for a strong tackle on Richarlison in the immediate aftermath of the incident. Carragher appeared to sympathise with Johnson’s frustration. He said while on commentary duty for Sky Sports: "It does wind people up. You can't do that. But what is he doing? He just winds people up that lad, Richarlison. He winds me up. "What do you expect him [Brennan Johnson] to do? Yeah, you're not condoning this but... big Premier League game, passions are running high, superstars taking the mick." JUST IN: Man Utd target Gakpo wanted by third PL club as late move 'considered' Carragher has now hit back at an Everton YouTuber who criticised Carragher’s view on Richarlison, who is a former Toffees player and a fans’ favourite at Goodison Park. Carragher believed Everton fans would want their players to retaliate if a member of the opposition ‘took the p***’ by performing kick-ups. Twitter user @PED7 tweeted: “WTF am I hearing here?!? Don’t be skillful because you’ll be t****** and it’s justified?!? Get to f***!” Former England international Carragher hit back, replying: “No, your channel can get to f*** asking me to come on! It’s not skill keeping a ball up with no one near you, it’s taking the p***. If an opposition player did it at Goodison you’d all be screaming for someone to put him in the stand.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd told Osimhen transfer fee that Napoli would find 'difficult'Arsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered'Transfer news LIVE: De Jong and Depay fly to London, Fofana to US The Everton fan went back at the Sky Sports pundit: “Thats the point, I’m a fan who sits in Gwladys street, not a professional commentary team being listened to by thousands of people, but maybe the edges are starting to blur between sky and YouTube now.” Carragher criticised Richarlison while he was an Everton player last season for allegedly going to ground too easily. During a Premier League fixture involving the Toffees, the 44-year-old exclaimed “get up!” after the former Watford player remained on the turf following a challenge. Richarlison responded by telling Carragher to “wash your mouth” in a Twitter exchange. However, the pair were seen shaking hands and sharing a laugh during Sky Sports’ coverage of Spurs’ win over Forest.