Sky's best deals have just got even better and the latest offering could tempt some Samsung, Sony and LG users to switch off their current televisions and turn on something new. Sky's fully connected Glass TV, which launched late last year, offers homes the ability to watch premium content, such as Sky Sports and Cinema, without the need for a dish to be drilled into their walls. Prices for this telly start from £13 per month but a new deal is offering a big added bonuses when taking delivery of this screen, Sky is currently offering those signing up for Sky Glass the chance to grab six months of broadband for free. That means you can have the Sky Glass telly plus get Netflix, Sky Entertainment and full internet access for as little as £39 per month The broadband supplied with this deal is Sky's 59Mbps option which should be just about fast enough for the average home. If that doesn't sound enticing there's also another benefit of this deal as, for a limited time, Sky is also throwing in a £100 prepaid Mastercard for good measure. This loaded piece of plastic can be used in any store that accepts this form of payment. Here are all the new deals on Sky Glass: Sky Glass, Sky TV & Netflix plus broadbandPRICE: From £39 per monthINCLUDES: A 43-inch Glass TV, Netflix access, Sky channels plus 59Mbps broadbandTERMS: Free broadband for first 6 months, £10 upfront fee.SEE THE DEAL HERE Sky Glass & Cinema Bundle plus FREE broadband and £100 MastercardPRICE: From £48 per monthINCLUDES: A 43-inch Glass TV, Netflix access, Sky channels plus 59Mbps broadbandTERMS: Free broadband for first 6 months, £10 upfront fee.SEE THE DEAL HERE As a quick reminder, Sky Glass is a new connected TV that uses a broadband connection to beam content onto the big screen. It comes in three sizes including 43, 55 and 65-inch with all models getting a 4K panel and in-built soundbar which sits under the display. There's also a backlit remote and things can be fully controlled using your voice. Unlike Sky Q, there's no in-built hard drive with Glass using a cloud-powered Playlist feature to store content you want to watch later. Finally, there's full compatibility with all the latest streaming services such as Netflix and Disney+. Want to know more about Sky Glass? You can read our full Sky Glass review here.