Princess Beatrice celebrates her 34th birthday on Monday. When she was born, the royal was fifth in line to the throne, she is now tenth. The elder daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson is not a working member of the Royal Family but occasionally attends public events on behalf of Queen Elizabeth II. Back in 2020, she married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, whom she shares daughter Sienna Elizabeth with. Beatrice and Edoardo welcomed their first child in September 2021, having announced they were expecting four months earlier. While it marked an exciting time in the princess’ life, it also reportedly caused upset within the Royal Family. Beatrice is said to have clashed with her younger sister Princess Eugenie over the family’s feud with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry snubbed at Commonwealth event as Duke 'fought tears' It has been claimed that Eugenie, 32, and her husband Jack Brooksbank, 36, were upset with Beatrice for announcing her pregnancy on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s third wedding anniversary. A source told Heat magazine in June last year: “Eugenie is still extremely close to Meghan, as is Jack, and they feel it was really unfair to grab the headlines that day. “Eugenie didn't approve of the decision to shun Meghan and Harry's anniversary — she feels that they have been incredibly hard done by.” They continued: “For Beatrice to announce her baby news on that day was uncalled for, in her view.” Eugenie and Jack remain close to the Sussexes and are the only members of the Royal Family who have visited Meghan and Harry in the US. Back in February, the couple travelled to California to visit their royal relatives across the pond. The prince and princess were photographed attending the Super Bowl at the SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles. And later, the two couples enjoyed an evening out in Santa Barbara, as the royals were spotted sharing a few laughs over dinner. Up until recently, Eugenie and Jack lived in Frogmore Cottage in Windsor — Meghan and Harry’s former royal residence — along with their one-year-old son, August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, whom they welcomed in February 2021. DON'T MISS:Kate and William send heartfelt message as they decline George invite [INSIGHT]Queen accepts William change as future King breaks mould [ANALYSIS]Meghan shares 'similar' traits to Diana - body language analysis [EXPLAINED] Eugenie and Meghan knew each other before the Duchess’ romance with Harry, so the couples headed out on double dates during the early days of the Sussexes’ relationship. While reports of a rift between the Duke and Duchess and the Royal Family have been rife over the past few years, it seems that Eugenie, Jack, Meghan and Harry all remain good friends — despite an apparent misstep on behalf of the Sussexes back in 2018. On October 12, 2018, Eugenie and Jack got married at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. But as the Royal Family celebrated the nuptials, Meghan and Harry also had some news to share. According to the tell-all book ‘Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of a Modern Royal Family’, Meghan and Harry shared the news that they were expecting with family and friends at his cousin's royal wedding. The pregnancy was officially announced three days later on the Kensington Palace social media accounts, as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex embarked on their royal tour of Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and Tonga. According to authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand: "It did not go down particularly well with Eugenie, who, a source said, told friends she felt the couple should have waited to share the news.” However, Eugenie and Harry have always shared a unique bond. In the book, Mr Scobie and Ms Durand wrote: "Eugenie had always been more than just a cousin to Harry. They were also the closest of friends. "Out of all the Queen's grandchildren, Harry and Eugenie have one of the most natural connections. “Like Harry, Eugenie is loyal, honest, and great fun. The two had many nights out together in London." "Harry had always confided in his cousin when it came to the women in his life. "Not only did he trust her implicitly, but friends say that she gives great advice and has always been 'beyond wise' for her years." Eugenie, Harry, Jack and Meghan seemingly remain good friends, with the four of them seated next to each other for the Service of Thanksgiving during the Platinum Jubilee in June. Harry and Jack were spotted laughing with Brooksbank ahead of the service and even Eugenie grinned as the two shared a joke. The princess is thought to have been heavily involved in plans to control possible disruption to the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations with the arrival of Harry and Meghan. Esteemed royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk at the time: “A tremendous amount of work went on behind the scenes that we don’t know about. “Princess Eugenie, who gets on with them, very likely was involved in that.” 'Finding Freedom' was written by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand and published by HQ in 2020. You can find it here.