A number of controversial reports have recently surfaced over the Royal Family's financial lives, which could be left to the Prince of Wales to deal with after his mother, the Queen, is no longer head of state. Fresh details have come to light about Prince Andrew's settlement deal with sex accuser Virginia Giuffre. The Duke is said to have paid Ms Giuffre just quarter of the reported £12million settlement. According to The Sun, his legal team negotiated a cut-price deal of $5.2 million-to-$8.74 million for the settlement. Prince Andrew has vehemently denied the accusations made against him in a US civil court and made no admission of guilt by agreeing to a settlement. A source told the paper: "It was thought, and widely reported, that Virginia got a settlement of £12million from Andrew, but that’s not right. “It was far less than that, as low as £3 million ($5.2 million). “No doubt this will have influenced the conditions of the agreement that she was prepared to sign.” Andrew's ex-wife, Fergie, is also said to have bought a £5million Mayfair house from the Duke of Westminster's Grosvenor Estates. READ MORE: Charles snubbed British staple for European fancy — favourite food This comes after Fergie and Andrew previously claimed they couldn't pay off their debts to French socialite Isabelle de Rouvre who they had purchased a chalet from. The Sun revealed that the £5million Mayfair property purchase was "a long-term investment for daughters Princess Beatrice and Eugenie”. Speaking about the spending, royal expert Daniela Elser said: "Two blood princesses being handed a chunk of Mayfair real estate? "That should sound about right except for the fact we are talking about Fergie here, a woman who is perennially short of a quid and who in 2010 told US TV audiences she was 'continually on the verge of financial bankruptcy. "Hot on the heels of the case of Fergie and her mysterious new millions was the news that her ex-husband, current housemate and pariah extraordinaire Prince Andrew had reportedly only paid accuser Virginia Giuffre, who launched a civil sex abuse claim against him last year, $5.2 million (£4.3million) to $8.74million (£7.2million) of the reported £12million originally reported to settle the case". She said the seven-figure purchase and lawsuit have "revived the mystery" that surrounds the Royal Family's financial lives. Prince Andrew's reported reduced payout to Ms Giuffre could explain why she was not made to sign a gagging order as part of the deal. According to the expert, she is now free to write a "tell-all" book, which could be left to the Queen or Prince Charles to face. Ms Elser wrote: "Both of these developments – the house and the payment to Virginia – highlight an exceptionally thorny issue that is only going to get more and more urgent and fundamental for the Queen and in the years to come, Prince Charles when he takes the throne."