Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is reportedly working with transfer chief Edu to sew up a deal for Brazilian youngster Danilo. The Gunners are in the market for a new midfielder after a string of injury issues, which may put their immaculate start to the season under threat. Arteta's priority was thought to be a winger at this late stage of the window after Nicolas Pepe joined Nice on loan. But Mohamed Elneny's hamstring injury looks to have pushed the Spaniard over the edge and Arsenal's attention has reportedly switched to reinforcements in midfield. Granit Xhaka and Albert Sambi Lokonga are the only two senior options available for the clash against Aston Villa on Wednesday night and, although Oleksandr Zinchenko can feature in the middle of the park, he has only just worked his way back from a knee issue. According to The Daily Mail, the Gunners are eyeing up a swoop for 21-year-old Palmeiras star Danilo and hope to get the deal done with an £18million offer. JUST IN: Leeds plot Sheffield United transfer raid as Tottenham swoop for Dan James - EXCLUSIVE The midfielder's numbers aren't exactly eye-catching but he has a solid reputation in his homeland as a steadying presence in the middle. Danilo has spent three seasons in the Palmeiras first team and has over 100 senior appearances under his belt. Arsenal may find it tough convincing the Brazilian outfit to do business, however, as ESPN claim that initial talks have thrown up problems. Palmeiras are thought to be extremely reluctant to sell at this stage of the transfer window with so little time to find a replacement for one of their key players. DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit Youri Tielemans has long been touted as a midfield option for the Gunners but, with time ticking along towards Thursday's deadline, their chances of landing the Leicester star appear to be slipping away. It was thought that Arsenal were waiting until they could snap him up for free next summer, given that he only has one year remaining on his contract, but the Foxes are reportedly working on a one-year extension that would at least allow them to bank some cash from his exit. Arteta may ultimately end up losing out on Tielemans regardless, with an unnamed Premier League side rumoured to have submitted a late £19m bid. Arsenal have already splashed out on Fabio Vieira to bolster their midfield this summer, even if he is better suited to a more attacking brief. The Gunners are the only English top-flight team to have won four matches from four to start the campaign. Despite the early promise, Arteta recently pledged to explore all possible transfer options until the window slams shut. "I think the club has been very disciplined over time and with a very clear vision about how we want to do things and the limitations we have," he said. "If we can implement the plan we have, we will try to do it. We’ve been preparing for the past two months for what we want. If we achieve that, I don’t know."