Leonardo DiCaprio, 47, has reportedly split up with his model girlfriend Camilla Morrone, weeks after she turned 25. The Oscar-winning actor is known for having never publicly dated a woman over the age of 25. According to PEOPLE magazine, the couple have gone their separate ways after four and a half years together. They were first spotted together in late 2017, before making their official debut as a couple at the Oscars in February 2020. More recently, the pair were pictured spending the Fourth of July weekend together in Malibu this year. One year into their romance, a source claimed to PEOPLE that their romance was “pretty serious”. “It's definitely not a casual relationship,” they revealed. “Camila spends a lot of time at his house. Camila is long known as Leo's girlfriend. And Leo introduced her to both of his parents long ago." Leo and Buenos Aires-born Camilla were first spotted together in public in December 2017, when they went shopping together in LA. US Weekly reported the pair were “hooking up” just months after the Revenant star’s breakup from model Nina Agdal. While tongues immediately started wagging about their age gap, Camilla turned to other Hollywood stars who found love despite being decades apart. She took to Instagram to share an old photo of Lauren Bacall and Humphrey Bogart, who were a quarter of a century apart in age and married for 11 years until his death in 1957. “A love like this,” she wrote alongside it. After being inundated with replies, mocking her for her romance with Leo, Camilla posted a video on Instagram, addressing the critics. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle left ‘squirming’ as Mariah Carey brands her a ‘diva’ [LATEST] Lorraine Kelly posts rare picture of 'handsome baby brother' [PICTURES] “I just read some of the comments on my Instagram, and my god, people are so mean and full of anger for people they know nothing about,” she began. “I guess I just hope on this Friday that people learn to live with a little less hatred and place their time and interest elsewhere. “Because living without hatred feels pretty good,” she concluded. Camilla also told the LA Times: “There's so many relationships in Hollywood—and in the history of the world—where people have large age gaps. "I just think anyone should be able to date who they want to date.” But when news of Camilla and Leo’s split hit the headlines, many social media users joked that they saw it coming as none of his publicly-known girlfriends have ever been over the age of 25. His famous exes include Gisele Bundchen,  Erin Heatherton, Bar Refaeli and Blake Lively - and aside from their blonde hair colour, they all have in common the fact they were all in their early 20s when dating Leo.