 Don’t Pay UK was set up in June, and the goal of the movement is to stop Ofgem’s price cap increase through the threat of “mass non-payment” from energy customers across the UK. When speaking to Express.co.uk, Don’t Pay UK claimed that the Government was not doing enough to help people with energy costs and in turn was “forcing people into poverty. The group has acknowledged that there are legal implications for not paying energy bills and on its Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) page, it details what could happen.     The majority of the UK’s energy suppliers do not detail their protocol for “non-payment” however, most do highlight what the steps are for energy debt. The supplier will most likely first contact a person, either through email or letters, about their arrears or they may send reminders that a person has an outstanding bill. If the supplier does not hear back from a customer, then they will contact a person more directly to discuss the situation. If in debt, this would be where the customer and the supplier discuss and arrange repayment plans. Richard Lane, director of external affairs at the debt charity StepChange highlighted that energy bills are classed as “priority bills” which means that there can be “severe consequences to missing or being late on a payment”. READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning £1m prize?    If the supplier does not hear back, in some cases, the energy company will send a person out to the property to see if they can find and discuss the options for repayment. If this continues, the supplier can take the case to court to obtain a warrant to enter a person’s home. They may then also fit the property with a Pay As You Go meter to take a weekly amount to repay the debt. This however is usually after 28 days. People will then have to top up the meter to pay for their energy usage and debt repayment going forward. A supplier may also pass over details to a debt collection agency. Finally, in extreme cases, the energy supplier can cut off the supply to the property.   However, many energy companies state that this is a final resort and that they will never “knowingly” disconnect a supply to a vulnerable person. If a person has reached State Pension age, a supplier can't disconnect the energy between 1 October and 31 March if either a person lives alone, if they live with other people who have reached State Pension age, or with children under 18 years old. According to Ofgem rules, energy companies are required to give people a chance to pay their debt through a “realistic and sustainable repayment plan” before cutting off a supply. Mr Lane added: “If you’ve fallen behind with your household bills, and are worried about how you will pay, it’s important not to wait to get help.READ MORE: 'Worth a try' Mum shares 'substantial change' that helped save £95 a month on energy bills  “Contact your supplier to let them know you’re struggling, they may be able to offer support and inform you about any available grants to pay off a utility bill, or negotiate an affordable payment plan.” Many suppliers charge extra fees for late payments, and not paying the bills will also damage a person’s credit score which will make it harder to borrow money in the future. Don’t Pay UK state on its website that energy supply disconnections for non-payment are “extremely rare” noting that in 2018 there were eight reported cases of this. Don’t Pay UK stated that they will only go ahead with the non-payment strike if they have “power in numbers”.     Don’t Pay UK said: “If energy suppliers decide to try to disconnect people, they'll be forced to first contact thousands, tens of thousands or even more customers about the possibility of disconnecting supply but only after 28 days have passed. “Then they'll have to give a chance to set up a payment plan before, in most cases, applying to a court for a warrant. It'll cause paralysis and create a months-long backlog.” A Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) spokesperson described the campaign as “highly irresponsible messaging which will only push up prices for everyone else”. The BEIS spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “While no Government can control global gas prices, we are providing £37 billion of help for households including the £400 discount on energy bills, and £1,200 of direct support for the most vulnerable households to help with the cost of living.”  