As Elvis Week begins 45 years on from Elvis Presley’s untimely death at just 42, Baz Luhrmann’s movie biopic has now become available to buy or rent on home premiere. The film has received generally positive reviews since its release this summer, although some of those who knew The King intimately have blasted not being included in the lengthy spectacle. Elvis focuses on The King’s relationships with his manager Colonel Tom Parker and ex-wife Priscilla Presley, the only woman he married. Although the star died in 1977, the biopic basically ends in a scene set in late 1974 and totally ignores his last two major girlfriends. One of them was Ginger Alden, who discovered his body, but also his lover from 1972-1976, Linda Thompson. The latter is featured in a split second of archive footage during the movie but isn’t even mentioned. Around the film’s release, Linda posted pictures of herself on Instagram at Graceland where she lived with Elvis for four and a half years. The 72-year-old wrote: “No one can ever take away your knowledge of the TRUTH… Your memories indelibly etched forever… Your significance and importance in the lives of others…Carve out your own accomplishments & know your place in the world. No one can ever take that away from you… Carry the dignity of authenticity and wear it like a crown of honour! Your history and the grace in which you handle it is your legacy." READ MORE: Elvis girlfriend who found him dead erased from movie ‘Tell his story' Linda later wrote on social media of the Elvis movie: “No, I haven’t seen it yet. The trailer looks very entertaining and Austin Butler appears to do a fantastic depiction. BUT since so many people are left out who were very important and instrumental in Elvis’ life – I wouldn’t call it a biopic. I spent four years and a half years of my life living with and deeply caring for Elvis on many levels. I shared a hospital room with him every time he was in hospital. I had my own bed next to his during those times. I travelled on every tour with him. I was the only woman to ever do so in this life. I was at every Las Vegas engagement during those years. I literally saved his life on several occasions.” DON'T MISSElvis: Linda Thompson's tribute to King 50 years after first meeting [LINDA]Elvis ex Linda shares photos with King after being 'erased' from movie [ELVIS AND LINDA]Elvis movie: Major girlfriends and life details ‘erased’ from biopic [ELVIS MOVIE] Linda broke up amicably with Elvis in December 1976 as she wanted to have a more normal life out of the celebrity spotlight. She added: “We stayed in touch and loved each other until the day he died – even though we had broken up and I had moved out of Graceland only eight months before. So any inclusion or exclusion in any movie ever made can never erase the important role I played in his life and he in mine. But every true fan already knows that. Thank you all for your loyalty."