Married At First Sight UK is just around the corner with the first episode airing on Monday, August 29. The quirky dating series will see newlywed couples take on brand new tests as they navigate married life. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in the bumper season. There are plenty of exciting new things in store as the reality series returns to E4 with brand new singletons. Initially, eight couples will start at the beginning of the process and will be matched by the panel of experts. They will later be joined by two intruder couples before the remaining singles join the experiment. As there are so many new elements to the show this year, the series has been extended. For season seven, there will be 30 episodes and they will air from Monday to Thursday. READ MORE: Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement as Expert Charlene Douglas spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the extended season and what to expect. She said: "We have got 30 episodes this year so it's definitely bigger, we feel like we have been filming forever. "It's certainly been a lot bigger, we have got some really bold characters this year. "Lots of drama, lots of fun and we are really excited for this to air." She suggested this season may be an even bigger success than last year when it comes to couples staying together. "This year we are confident we have couples that will top last year, we are confident we have got some wonderful couples with great personalities that we really look forward to seeing the progress of." Throughout the experiment, the singletons will enjoy one last night of freedom and their hen and stag parties. As usual, the weddings will then take place and the singles will meet their matches for the first time. This year there will be both a male same-sex couple and a female same-sex couple getting married. The big twist comes halfway through when two intruder couples enter the process, causing plenty of drama. DON'T MISS... NCIS LA’s Deeks star in shock outburst as scene goes wrong [INSIGHT] Married at First Sight UK 2022: Who is in the cast of MAFS UK? [EXPLAINER] Married at First Sight’s Jessika Power dropped from new show [INSIGHT] Due to the season's extended length, there will be more dinner parties and commitment ceremonies than ever before. As emotions fly and tensions rise, there is bound to be plenty of drama again this year. Season seven will also introduce the MAFS Retreat, which will see all of the couples take part in a staycation together. Their bond as a whole group will be tested, as well as their connections as individual couples. The UK series is also getting its own exclusive element, with Love and Hate week. During this week, the couples will be asked to share their true feelings with their partners. Fans will be thrilled to hear the UK show has already been renewed for 2023, so there is plenty more drama still to come. The Australian version of the show is also expected to air shortly after the UK series has ended. From this it appears fans will have plenty to keep them busy for the rest of the year.  MAFS UK airs on E4 from Mondays to Thursdays at 9pm.