Nicky Moore, the frontman of Samson, has died at the age of 75. The heavy metal rocker was reportedly diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease before his death. A statement on Facebook announced the sad news. “It is with immense sadness and almost unbearably heavy hearts that we have to let you all know that Nicky – a man larger than life in body and spirit – has sadly passed away this morning,” it read. “A man that lived a thousand lifetimes in just one has decided he needed a rest. Rest well, dear friend. “We will all miss you x.” READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini as she gives fans an eyeful Nicky is survived by  his sons Nick Jr. and Timmy. Heartbroken fans have begun to pay tribute on social media. Kenneth tweeted: “R.I.P.  Nicky  Moore  !” Rick added: “RIP Nicky Moore”. Nicky, who was from Devon, began his music career as a choirboy before discovering a love for rock and then heavy metal. He co-founded the band Hackensack, before moving over to another band, Tiger. In 1981, he joined Samson as the lead singer. He replaced Bruce Dickinson, who had moved over to Iron Maiden. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton bids farewell to F1 fans: 'Going to miss this energy' [LATEST] Charlene White hits out as she's blasted for Lionesses diversity query [TWITTER]Naga Munchetty reacts to BBC co-star's promotion amid show absence [NEWS] By the end of the 1980s, Nicky had left Samson, but he returned again the following decade. In the meantime, he formed the band Nicky Moore and the Blues Corporation, and they were voted the best live blues band by BBC Radio 2 listeners in 2000. Nicky also worked as a vocal coach as well as writing and performing jingles for brands including the BBC. His work with the Beeb didn’t end there - he starred in the broadcaster’s docu-soap Lakesiders back in 2007.  Nicky famously once performed live for fans straight after he was involved in a car crash, having broken two ribs. “People pay money to come and see you,” he said. “You don’t let them down, and if there’s a possible way I can sing whether it be with two broken ribs or an arm falling off, or whether I’ve got flu or whatever – if I can sing I will not let them down. “I think people have known that for years – you can count the amount of gigs I’ve had to miss on one hand over the last few years. I’ve tried as hard as I can to make it.”