Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has set his sights on two more potential signings in advance of Thursday's all-important transfer deadline, according to reports. The Red Devils have already welcomed a handful of new faces since the end of last season, with the likes of Antony, Casemiro and Christian Eriksen having joined the club over the last few months. United have already spent in excess of £210million on recruitment this summer as Ten Hag looks to reshape his squad in preparation for a top-four challenge in the Premier League over the course of the campaign. The Dutchman is not yet done, though, and wants to add as many as two more players to his ranks before the transfer window closes on Thursday evening, according to The Guardian.It is said that United are keen on bringing Barcelona right-back Sergino Dest to Old Trafford after the 21-year-old was deemed surplus to requirements by the Catalan giants earlier this summer. Ten Hag is said to have identified Dest as an upgrade on Aaron Wan-Bissaka and exploratory talks have already been held between United and Barcelona with a view to a season-long loan deal.Dest has been omitted from the last two matchday squads by Barcelona coach Xavi, with new signing Jules Kounde having been selected to feature in his place at right-back against Real Valladolid on Sunday. A move to United for Dest is said to be within the realms of possibility, but the Red Devils will need to step things up as a matter of priority to rubber-stamp the proposed switch ahead of Thursday's cut-off point. JUST IN: Ronaldo 'requested Maguire be stripped of Man Utd captaincy' United are also said to be weighing up a late move for Borussia Dortmund defender Thomas Meunier, who has been linked with Barcelona over the last few weeks. He has featured in three of Dortmund’s opening four Bundesliga matches but faces stiff competition from Marius Wolf and has reportedly been made available for a temporary exit.However, the feeling at Old Trafford is that the signings of both Dest and Meunier appear to be unlikely at this stage, with so little time remaining in the window for United to spring into action. The club are currently gearing up to announce the capture of Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka on loan until the end of the season, with his arrival widely expected to represent Ten Hag's final move of the summer. The United boss has already refused to rule out a late return to the market, though, by insisting that he is always on the lookout for opportunities to improve his squad when quizzed on the topic after Saturday's win over Southampton."I cannot say that, we stick to the plan," said Ten Hag. "If a good player is available, we will strike, because we want to strengthen the squad always. We will be alert until the last second of the window." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.