 Being an unpaid carer can be hard work and can take up a lot of time, which often means that carers are unable to pick up other employment to help them top up their income. Carer’s Allowance is delivered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and gives claimants £69.70 every week to help with the cost of living. This equates to around £3,600 annually.     People are able to claim other benefits whilst claiming Carer’s Allowance however some of the other benefits claimed will be impacted. On the Government website, it states: “When you claim Carer’s Allowance your other benefit payments may change, but your total benefit payments will usually either go up or stay the same.” Whilst there is no upper age limit for the benefit, for older carers claiming the state pension claiming Carer’s Allowance will change the amount of state pension a person is paid. This is because the DWP state that a person cannot claim “the full amount” of both Carer’s Allowance and your State Pension at the same time. READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes     The DWP guidance explained: "If you get State Pension, you can still get Carer’s Allowance if this is more than your State Pension." “If your pension is £69.70 a week or more, you will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment, but your Pension Credit payments will increase instead. “If your pension is less than £69.70 a week, you will get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference.” An example of this is if a state pension payment is £50 a week, then the claimant will receive a payment of £19.70 in carers allowance.   This is due to the overlapping benefits rules within the DWP, which means that people are not entitled to receive Carers Allowance if they claim other specific benefits. However, Carer’s UK state that it might still be worth making a claim, as someone can still get an “underlying entitlement” to Carer's Allowance. Underlying entitlement means that a person meets the conditions for Carer’s Allowance, but cannot be paid the benefit because it overlaps with another benefit they are receiving. If a person's claim has been rejected due to the overlapping benefits rule, then they will receive a letter from the DWP stating their entitlement to the underlying entitlement. READ MORE: British Gas shares 15 tips for saving money on energy bills     On its website, Carer’s UK said: “This can be financially beneficial as it can increase any means-tested benefits you are currently getting, or it could mean that you become entitled to means-tested benefits for the first time, depending on your and any partner's income and capital. “This is because having the underlying entitlement to Carer's Allowance means that an amount called the Carer Addition will be included when working out whether you are entitled to means-tested benefits.” To claim Carer’s Allowance, people must care for someone for at least 35 hours a week before putting in a claim. They must also be aged 16 or over and not in full time education, and they must not be earning any more than £132 a week from employment or being self-employed.     This amount takes into account deductions from income tax and National Insurance. Britons can only claim Carer’s Allowance for one person - if the person they are caring for is also on means-tested benefits. They also do not have to be related to, or live with, the person they care for. If people think they are eligible to claim, they can start an application on the Gov.uk website, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form.    