Flight attendants are in charge of the cabin in an aircraft as well as being responsible for the safety and comfort of the passengers. However, there is one part of a flight where the passengers take the reins - without even realising. Former British Airways flight attendant Sam spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how passengers play an integral part in the safety of the plane. Holidaymakers are encouraged to relax as much as possible during their flight. However, there are two key parts of a journey when their alertness is extremely important. Sam explained why passengers are asked to open their window shades during take-off and landing. READ MORE: Eurostar to stop popular route from London next year It is not so that they can enjoy the beautiful view - although this is an added bonus. Rather, she told Express.co.uk: "It is because passengers are the extra eyes and ears for the crew! "Take-off and landing are the critical stages of flight, where emergencies are most likely to happen. "And even though crew are positioned throughout the aircraft, they are still restricted on what they can see." This is where the passengers sitting in optimum seats can lend a helping hand to flight attendants. Sam explained: "Passengers near the wings with a view of the engines for example, may be able to help describe an engine failure or fuel leak which they can share with the cabin crew who will report to the pilots when sat in their jump seat. "So, while we want passengers to sit back, relax and enjoy the flight, everyone can be useful in the unfortunate and unlikely event of an emergency." Being aware of potential dangers isn't the only reason flyers are instructed to open the shutters. READ MORE: Fuming man rages as he loses plane seat to mother and baby According to Aero Corner, opening the shades helps the eyes adjust to the outdoor lighting conditions. In the case of an emergency, where passengers might have to evacuate the plane quickly, it is much safer if their eyes have already adapted to the outdoor lighting. Without this integral step, they may not be totally aware of their surroundings. But while passengers are extremely useful in the rare event of an emergency during take-off or landing, their main priority can still be relaxing and enjoying the flight. Sam told Express.co.uk just a few tips for maximising the comfort of a flight. The expert said: "If you book the middle aisle front row on a long-haul flight, yes you might get some extra leg room, but you’re more than likely to be sat next to a baby. "This is because this seat has a fold down table for cots/bassinets for babies to sleep instead of on someone’s lap for the whole flight. "When sleeping with a blanket, put your seatbelt over the top of the blanket, otherwise FA’s will have to wake you up to check every time the seatbelt signs turn on."