Charles Leclerc cannot replicate Michael Schumacher’s success because Formula One has changed, according to ex-Ferrari team boss Cesare Fiorio. Leclerc looked capable of challenging for the title after securing two wins from the first three races. However, Ferrari then suffered a range of mechanical failures and strategy errors which cost him valuable points. He has also made a couple of his own errors which cost him seven points at Imola and a possible 25 at the French Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Schumacher won five F1 titles with Ferrari back-to-back between 2000 and 2004 as the Prancing Horse enjoyed one of the most dominant streaks in the sport's history. Schumacher dominated championships, winning the 2001 crown with four races remaining before winning it with six left in 2002. He picked up 12 wins from 13 races in 2004 to break a record of the most wins over one season. Speaking to Gazzetta dello Sport, Fiorio says the difference between Schumacher and Leclerc is that Ferrari can no longer get away with mistakes. READ MORE: Ex-Ferrari boss puts pressure on Mattia Binotto after Ferrari issues He stresses in modern F1, “everything has to work perfectly" whereas for Schumacher, Ferrari still enjoyed a massive pace advantage over their rivals. Fiorio explained: “Mattia now has to find solutions so that the team works better “In today’s Formula One, everything has to work almost perfectly to win. That was different at Ferrari in the days of [Jean] Todt and [Michael] Schumacher. “Ferrari sometimes had such a blatantly superior car that one or the other mistake could be concealed. That’s no longer possible today.” However, Red Bull are a notably stronger rival than those Ferrari faced in the past. DON'T MISSMattia Binotto disagrees with angry Charles Leclerc after 'disaster' [COMMENT]Honda explain Charles Leclerc gap to Max Verstappen  [INSIGHT]Leclerc blasted by ex-Ferrari man for 'starting a fight' with F1 team [ANALYSIS] Max Verstappen has won eight races after 13 rounds so far this season. Meanwhile, Schumacher's closest challenger in 2000, Mika Hakkinen, had picked up just four wins at this stage of the campaign. The comparisons between Leclerc and Schumacher don’t end there as the Monegasque tries to replicate the success of the seven-time champion. Former Ferrari engineer Rob Smedley also said there were similarities between the pair’s ability to bring the team together. He told Gazetta: “He, Max and Lewis [Hamilton] are able to raise the level of the whole team, dragging others along and conveying a winning spirit. The same ability that Michael Schumacher had at Ferrari, when he was a catalyst, surrounded by Todt, Brawn and Byrne. “From these drivers comes the drive to react to mistakes and improve.”