Several people have reported being fined for "parking without a ticket" at Bath's Royal United Hospital. Many of them believed that they had paid for their stay, using a credit or debit card at one of the parking meters. Drivers also reported being issued with what looked like a receipt for payment. However, upon closer inspection, many of them realised that it was “void”. One man who emailed BathLive to report the issue said that when he visited all of the machines in the car park to the right of the entrance were "throwing out void receipts". He added that there was a sign warning people about the problem. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued to diesel car drivers in the UK amid law change The man said: "Essentially, you get to the point where you should be prompted to put in your PIN, and you get a receipt saying the payment is void. “The only machines which were working properly were those right outside the main entrance." Many patients and visitors have been caught out by the glitch. One woman warned people on Facebook to "keep [their] parking tickets for some time". DON'T MISS Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fines for snacking while driving [WARNING] Furious mum hits out at driver who parked on pavement [SHOCKING] Drivers warned of ‘common’ fuel-draining mistakes [INSIGHT] She said that she had binned hers and therefore had no evidence of having paid for a ticket when she received an £80 fine from the car park operator, Parking Eye. Another Facebook user wrote: "We know someone who visited his father in the RUH three days in a row. “He paid by card each time. He received letters with fines for each visit. “He kept the tickets and on each ticket, it said the card payment hadn’t gone through but nothing flagged up at the time to notify him that his payment had failed!" READ MORE: Drivers urged to use simple button to boost fuel economy by 7% A third person commented: "Several people, while I was trying to pay by card, were printed tickets that said void on and walked off thinking they had paid." Many other drivers reported similar issues while attending an appointment, dropping off a patient or visiting a loved one. A spokesperson for Bath's Royal United Hospital said: "We are currently experiencing problems with some of the pay stations in our visitor car parks meaning that some people are unable to pay for their parking using the machines. "Our parking provider, Parking Eye, is aware of these issues and any charges that are incurred due to this malfunction will be waived. “At this time, visitors should pay for their parking on the PayByPhone app or online at www.paybyphone.co.uk. "We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. “We have put signs up around the car parks to make sure people are aware of the issue and the alternative payment option. "We are currently in the process of developing a new car parking system that will replace our current arrangements by the end of September this year. “The new system will harness the latest technology to vastly improve our patient and visitor experience." Express.co.uk has reached out to Parking Eye for comment.