Emma Raducanu has reacted to her blockbuster first-round clash with Serena Williams for the first time. The 19-year-old is excited for the chance to face the tennis legend, admitting that it is likely her "last opportunity" following the 23-time Grand Slam champion's decision to retire. And the British No 1 isn't worried about the result as she confessed it would be an experience she'd cherish "for life." Raducanu and Williams will face off in arguably the most exciting first-round match of next week's Western & Southern Open, with the 19-year-old getting the privilege of being one of the American's final opponents ahead of her impending retirement. The world No 10 has spoken out on their upcoming clash for the first time and admitted that she knows how lucky she is to get a chance to face the former world No 1 before her career comes to an end. "For our careers to have crossed like this, I'm fortunate to be able to play her," the Bromley teenager said ahead of her Cincinnati debut. "Whatever happens, it will be an incredible experience that I'll surely remember for the rest of my life." While Williams is arguably the toughest opponent Raducanu may face in her career as a 73-time singles title winner, the British No 1 has no fear going into the match and is instead filled with excitement. JUST IN: Brazil icon Pele sends heartfelt message to Haddad Maia ahead of final  She continued: "It will be an exciting match, I'm looking forward to it." Raducanu also made her feeling about Williams clear as she branded the tennis icon the greatest of all time, and knew that it would likely be both their first and last meeting with the 40-year-old expected to retire after the US Open. "It will be an amazing opportunity to play the best tennis player of all time," she smiled. "This will probably be my last opportunity." The US Open champion was also full of praise for Williams earlier in the week following her retirement announcement. DON'T MISSRoger Federer parties with Calvin Harris in Ibiza as icon enjoys breakAussie star shares 'salty' tweet after being kept from Cincinnati drawNick Kyrgios responds as footage emerges showing Medvedev heckled  Raducanu had already been inspired to simply see Williams at the pre-US Open tournaments, and now has the chance to play her in one of her final events. "Her career is incredible. She’s achieved so much so to see her around during this US Open swing is really inspiring," the 19-year-old said after a first-round loss in Toronto. The US Open champion will be hoping to get some more matches under her belt in her final tournament before heading to Flushing Meadows for her title defence. And even if it's Williams who comes away as the winner in their blockbuster match, the world No 10 will still be around for the doubles after choosing to pair up with recent Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina.