Environment Secretary George Eustice made the call as fears of a national hosepipe ban grew over the weekend. Marking the first public intervention by a minister, Mr Eustice said some firms have already “rightly” taken action as he called on others to follow suit amid a bone dry August. Britain is set to swelter in another heatwave this week, with temperatures set to soar above 86F (30C). Millions of people are facing restrictions on watering gardens, cleaning cars, washing windows and filling pools with hosepipes. The first ban came into force last week for Southern Water customers in Hampshire and on the Isle of Wight. South East Water is set to bring in the measure, also known as a temporary use ban, for Kent and Sussex from this Friday. And Welsh Water has announced a ban for Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire from August 19. Mr Eustice said: “In accordance with their drought plans, water companies across the country have rightly taken action to mitigate the effects of this prolonged dry weather using the range of tools available to them." “I strongly urge others to do the same. I strongly urge other water companies to take responsible action to protect and preserve our water supplies during this exceptionally dry period.” Many firms have so far held off bringing in restrictions. But following Mr Eustice’s intervention they are likely to introduce their own. It comes after the National Infrastructure Committee last month called for a national hosepipe ban as the nation braces for drought. Meanwhile, neighbours are being encouraged to snitch on repeated rule-breakers, who could face a fine of up to £1,000 if taken to court. But water companies have insisted they prefer “education over enforcement”. Temperatures are forecast to reach a sweltering high of 95F on Friday, with no rain until at least next week. Met Office meteorologist Tom Morgan said: “So it looks like an entirely dry week really for much of the UK to come." “Dry, sunny and increasingly hot for the majority of the UK. It’s just in the far north-west of Scotland we’ll see some cloud, wind and rain at times." “Unfortunately, if you want rain it doesn’t look like we’re going to see any rain, away from the north-west of Scotland, elsewhere in the UK until at least next week." “It’s very warm even from Monday, with 84.2F likely perhaps in London and southern parts of the UK, 86F not out of the question on Tuesday." “But the peak of the heat is probably going to be Friday or Saturday." “That’s when we think it will widely reach 86F across the whole of England and Wales." “And in southern parts of England we might see some places reaching 95F.” However, forecasters do not expect any records to be broken after the mercury passed 104F during last month’s heatwave. It comes after nature campaigners hit out at water firms, which are said to leak about 3.1 billion litres a day from their ailing network of pipes, while threatening gardeners with hosepipe bans. Charles Watson, founder and chair of River Action, said: “Decades of under-investment and the stripping out of huge dividend payments are coming home to roost." “When faced with the current challenging climatic conditions, our water utilities are failing before our eyes – with the one unquestionable victim, the health of our struggling rivers." “This is a national scandal that can only be resolved by urgent government intervention.” A spokesman for industry body Water UK said: “Every company has a drought plan in place, agreed with the ministers and the Environment Agency." “These set out specific triggers for activating different levels of response [including hosepipe bans]." “Government decided that it should be up to water companies to take the final judgement on when each plan’s action triggers have been met." “In making those judgements, companies use specific indicators and criteria set out in the plans agreed with government." “Companies are in constant dialogue with Defra and regulators on their position, as well as their forward forecasts, plans and actions." “As we have seen this summer, companies are perfectly prepared to use restrictions to protect the environment where that becomes necessary." “But reducing demand is just one way that companies are helping the environment. For example, they have also been sending pulses of cold water from reservoirs to rehydrate and cool down rivers to protect fish [especially salmon stocks], and are choosing their sources of water in a way that tries to alleviate as much pressure as possible on hot-spot areas of low river flows.” Last night, the public were warned to stay away after a large blaze broke out in Feltham, west London. About 70 firefighters were called to the scene.