Beatrice Borromeo, 36, is the daughter of Italian aristocrat Don Carlo Ferdinand and worked as a political journalist and documentary maker before marrying Pierre Casiraghi, 34, in 2015. Pierre is the son and youngest child of Princess Caroline of Hanover, the daughter and eldest child of the late Princess of Monaco, Grace Kelly. The couple has celebrated their seventh wedding anniversary in recent weeks. Beatrice and Pierre celebrated their 2015 wedding in the birthplaces of both of their familied: Monaco and Italy. Known for her fabulous sense of style, Beatrice was seen wearing three couture gowns - two from Valentino and one from Armani Privé - on the day of her civil wedding alone. The wedding gown for the civil ceremony, which took place in the Prince's Palace in Monaco, was Valentino. The iconic fashion house said the dress was created "in a pale pink and gold lace silk chiffon, designed by creative directors Maria Grazia Chiuri and Pierpaolo Poccioli". READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language Beatrice looked stunning with her blonde locks falling in waves down her back and a crown of colourful flowers on her head. For the religious ceremony a week later, the royal pair visited the Italian town of Stresa, on the shores of Lake Maggiore. Here is where both the ceremony and the evening party took place. For the celebrations, Beatrice donned two Giorgio Armani gowns. DON'T MISS: City with the cheapest pints in the UK named - just £3 [LIST]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXCLUSIVE]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] The Italian beauty opted for a more relaxed lace-trimmed white dress with sheer sleeves for the pre-wedding dinner, designed by Alberta Ferretti, before donning a boat neck lace-sleeved gown by Giorgio Armani for the ceremony the following day. She then changed into a low-cut, sleeves gown for the reception afterwards. Beatrice wore her hair in a braided bun on the top of her head, and completed the look with silver, diamond-studded jewellery. Looking at her wedding outfits, as well as her wardrobe since, it is no surprise that Beatrice as crowned the most stylish European royal by fashion bible Tatler last year, beating the likes of Kate Middleton and Queen Letizia. READ MORE: Shoppers race to Iceland as Lurpak prices slashed Fashion stylist Miranda Holder told Express.co.uk that Beatrice might have taken the top spot because she “exudes old-school sophisticated Hollywood glamour combined with a little bit of edge, which keeps her style modern and relevant”. Miranda continued: “She also has an enviable flair for piecing show-stopping outfits together. “Her fashion faux pas over the years have been negligible, and she knows how to dress for her stunning figure and experiment with colour and silhouette.” The stylist added: “When it comes to dressing, she has a sense of playfulness and drama which the more conservative British royals lack.” Additionally, Beatrice is not afraid to take fashion risks, while Kate plays it safer with her style choices. Miranda said: “We would never expect to see gladiator sandals, four different wedding dresses, and body-con red carpet dresses on Kate Middleton, for example. “But Beatrice carries this off with a poise and inner confidence that demonstrates she is fully comfortable in her own skin. “She is not afraid to take the odd style risk – and this pays off.”