Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi have now been married for two years, and royal fans were delighted when the elder York sister announced her engagement in 2019. Designed by Shaun Leane, Beatrice's engagement ring pays a subtle tribute to another famous royal engagement ring. Like all the best engagement rings, Beatrice's features an enormous diamond at its centre. Jon White, Director of leading precious metals buyer Gold-Traders, said: "Princess Beatrice’s engagement ring was designed by Shaun Leane, in collaboration with her now-husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. "The piece features a dazzling 2.5-carat round-brilliant stone in the centre, accompanied by two smaller diamonds. "The gems are set in a platinum band, with a diamond pave on half of the ring. READ MORE: Princess Amalia of Netherlands will live in a student house - pictures  "The ring evokes feelings of tradition and royalty, but with a modern twist, and stands out from other royal engagement rings.” The Queen's engagement ring from Prince Philip also features a large diamond centre which actually came from a dismantled tiara. Princess Alice of Battenberg allowed her son to use the gems from a wedding tiara to craft an engagement ring for his bride-to-be, and several of these stones flank the central stone in the Queen's ring. Beatrice's diamond engagement ring draws parallels to the Queen's as it is also a "timeless" choice.  Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, said: “With similarities to Queen Elizabeth II’s ring, a solitaire diamond ring is a classic choice, offering a timeless finish with plenty of dazzling sparkle. “Beatrice’s ring is estimated to be worth between £250,000 and £300,000." Beatrice and Edoardo's engagement was announced in a series of stunning snaps taken by Beatrice's beloved sister, Princess Eugenie. The pair later tied the knot in a small-scale wedding in Windsor during the UK Covid lockdown in July 2020.  DON'T MISS:Pippa Middleton's £250,000 engagement ring is 'breath-taking' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle upgraded engagement ring with extra diamonds [PICTURES]Meghan owns £125k worth of Diana's jewellery - but not as much as Kate [ANALYSIS] Beatrice and Edoardo had originally planned to marry at the Chapel Royal in St James's Palace, London, but their plans were disrupted by restrictions. Beatrice's engagement ring now sits proudly alongside her wedding ring, a diamond number also designed by Shaun Leane. Mr Leane told People at the time: “We designed the ring in platinum because we wanted it to aesthetically match and entwine with the engagement ring. “The rings have been made for each other and there's a romance in that." 