The former Chancellor has for weeks been heavily trailing in the polls to Liz Truss. With voting closing at 5pm on Friday and a new leader is announced next Monday, tonight the Richmond MP acted as if he knew his campaign was over. He ditched his regular speech that he has delivered up and down the country over the summer. Instead, he opened with a plea for unity to Tory members. After spending weeks bashing his leadership rival, he was suddenly full of praise. "Leadership elections tend to emphasise difference but in fact I agree with Liz on far more than we disagree on - and I don't just mean our shared love for Whitney Houston and Taylor Swift," he joked while addressing those at the Wembley Arena in London. "I was proud to work alongside her closely to put together the most stringent set of sanctions the world has seen so we could say to Putin your aggression will not go unpunished and Britain will stand up for freedom and democracy. "Liz is a fantastic Foreign Secretary, she's a terrific ambassador for our country and we all should pay her an enormous tribute because she is a proud and passionate Conservative." He added that it was important the party "come together" after the leadership election. Mr Sunak then went on to thank his parents for his upbringing and his wife for her support. Just five minutes in and it really did sound like the sort of concession speech many would expect to be delivered by a losing political leader after a general election. The man who was the frontrunner at the start of the contest was acting like a man who knew his fate was determined already. But it would be foolish to ever rule anything out in a leadership election. Those gathered in the capital appeared to endorse many of the points made by Mr Sunak on stage with loud cheers and rounds of applause regularly breaking out. Based on the noise level the crowd were far more receptive to his arguments than those made by his fellow finalist. Ms Truss still looks set to be handed the keys to Downing Street next week, but tonight once again highlighted the high quality of the Tory leadership contest as a whole.