Despite having three children, Zara Tindall has a fantastic figure. This is thanks to a balanced diet and regular exercise. What does the former equestrian usually eat? Zara is a mother to Mia, Lucas, and Lena Tindall, who are old under 10. She has shared in the past what her family usually eat, revealing a balanced diet that might be why she is so slim. After welcoming her first child, Mia, in 2014, Zara revealed how she normally starts the day. The 41-year-old begins her morning at 7am with Greek yoghurt and honey, according to the Sunday Times Magazine. After breakfast, Zara would then use her exercise bike, which she has at home in Gatcombe Park. READ MORE: Gregg Wallace shares foods he ate to lose 4.5st - 'Wasn't a struggle!' As for lunch, Zara shared that she usually avoids two foods, which again could be how she stays slender. She said: “Lunch is quick and simple, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. “I don’t diet but I try to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things.” A diet that is low in carbohydrates but high in fat, which is essentially the keto diet, can be very beneficial for weight loss, according to Healthline. DON'T MISS:Woman who only eats 'children food' saves £125 on shop with small change [FOOD HACK]Woman furious as neighbour's 'rude' children stare over fence 'Privacy please?' [NEIGHBOUR NIGHTMARE]Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry during 'difficult' appearance suggests 'anxiety' [MEGHAN MARKLE]  The website stated that “there’s evidence that ketogenic diets can help with weight loss”. “They may help you lose fat, preserve muscle mass, and improve many markers of disease,” it added. “In one older study, people on a ketogenic diet lost 2.2 times more weight than those on a low calorie, low fat diet. Triglyceride and HDL (good) cholesterol levels also improved.” Staple foods to eat while following a keto diet include meat, fish, butter, eggs, cheese, healthy oils, nuts, avocados, sees, and vegetables. Although Zara seems to eat well, the family are not afraid to treat themselves to less healthy foods like burgers once in a while. Zara’s husband, Mike, sometimes shares photos of the family eating on social media, demonstrating that they usually eat dinner together at the table. In 2020, Mike posted a photo on Instagram of him and his family enjoying some burgers. The burgers appeared to be beef and were heavily stacked with bacon, lettuce, and melted cheese, with a sesame bun on either side. The former rugby player used a meal-making kit from London restaurant Mac & Wild to create professional-looking cheeseburgers, served on a rustic wooden board. Mike captioned the photo with: “Trying the @macandwild build yours at home and pretty happy with how they look!!! Get in my belly!!” Mike is not afraid to order a takeaway occasionally either. “If Zara is away competing, I’ll have my only takeaway of the week,” he told The Guardian back in 2007. “It would definitely be a Chinese – it might be a banquet for two but obviously that would just be for me. “I can do that fairly easily.” Zara has also been photographed in the past munching on pizza and ice cream. As for exercise, an expert previously told Express.co.uk that it is likely Zara still works out today, despite no longer being a professional equestrian, thanks to her gym equipment at home. Michelle Baynham, founder of Mother Fit, said: “Zara will no doubt combine cardio with strength training, alongside her passion which is riding, giving her a full-body workout. “Horse riding provides the combination of a cardiovascular workout with a rewarding mental challenge, mixing balance with hand-eye coordination helping to improve reflexes, tone the body and in particular tone the core muscles and your legs.”