A group of Manchester United players have reportedly told the club hierarchy that they must speed up their recruitment of new signings before the transfer window closes. The Red Devils are bottom of the Premier League table following two defeats from their opening two games of the new season. Many expected United to be one of the busiest clubs over the course of this summer following the disappointment of their previous campaign. However, that has been far from the case despite Erik ten Hag arriving with visions of a complete revamp. The Old Trafford outfit have welcomed just three new players to their ranks, despite five players leaving. Therefore, several United players have taken it upon themselves to demand that the club increase the tempo regarding incomings, according to The Mirror. It is reported that Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes, captain Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw and Marcus Rashford have now spoken with the higher powers of United about how they ‘need help’ in the form of transfers. They feel that the club are showing a ‘lack of ambition’ by not signing players to deal with ‘glaring holes’ in the squad. United have been pursuing Frenkie de Jong of Barcelona since the transfer window opened but look no closer to establishing whether he will arrive at the Theatre of Dreams or not. The Dutchman has been vocal about his desire to remain with Barca, though United have been reluctant to cool their interest having struck a £63million deal for the former Ajax playmaker. It is said that there has been ‘general dismay’ at United for their decision to sign Adrien Rabiot from Juventus, with that deal now edging closer to being finalised. The Frenchman was a regular starter in the Serie A last season, though questions have been raised as to whether he has the quality to rescue the Red Devils’ weak midfield. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu may be working on four La Liga deals after 'boarding flight'Chelsea set for sixth signing as club chiefs aim to strike deal 'tomorrow'Tavares shows Arsenal what they're missing with another star performance The lack of business has also affected the general mood of United it appears, with players now lowering their expectations for the season after feeling that hope had been restored over the summer. Some have even been left feeling that the chances of competing for the top four are now low. Whether Ten Hag uses the statement of intent from his players as a way to force fresh faces through the door remains to be seen. The Dutchman was vocal about wanting to sign several new players before the transfer window closes after his side were beaten 4-0 by Brentford at the weekend, and his side’s display certainly provided evidence of why.