Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag and Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel have been urged to sign Roma striker Tammy Abraham by Ally McCoist and Simon Jordan. The Blues' decision to part with Abraham last summer was also described as a 'mistake' due to the success he has gone on to enjoy in Serie A. Before being ushered out of the door, Abraham found himself frozen out at Chelsea with just 22 Premier League appearances in his final season. Having joined up with Jose Mourinho in Rome for £34million, he bagged a sensational 27 goals in all competitions - a club record for a player in their debut campaign. The Blues were savvy enough to insert a £67m buy-back clause into Abraham's Roma deal, but it doesn't become active for another 12 months. Jordan, who used to own Premier League side Crystal Palace, claims that Man Utd could exploit an opportunity in the meantime. "Abraham is on a release clause from Roma, and that does not kick in for Chelsea until after season two," he told talkSPORT. "That does not mean it does not kick in for someone else. It is over the £60m mark if they want to buy him back. JUST IN: Tottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo transfer https://www.si.com/soccer/chelsea/transfer-news/report-as-roma-could-sell-tammy-abraham-before-chelseas-67m-buy-back-clause-activates  "Both Chelsea and Manchester United need centre forwards, Abraham has scored 17 or 18 goals for Roma last year, I am not sure why he is not in the conversation for Manchester United or Chelsea. Even sides that clearly have a need for a certain type of player, because I don’t think Raheem Sterling is going to be the answer for Chelsea from a focal point." The Blues splashed out on Sterling earlier this summer, but the need to sign a more orthodox striker has cropped up since parting ways with Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner. The former has re-signed for Inter Milan on loan, while the latter is closing in on a return to RB Leipzig. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag United's striker hunt has been a turbulent one with surprise links to Bologna's Marko Arnautovic recently quashed due to a poor reception from fans. Sasa Kalajdzic and Cody Gakpo have been touted as alternative options as Ten Hag seeks to remedy an attacking shortage that could be made worse if Cristiano Ronaldo's wish to leave Old Trafford is granted. Alongside Jordan, McCoist is surprised that Abraham's name has not featured more prominently this summer. "I tell you right now, if you’re Chelsea, I admire them for saying they probably made a mistake, and it was, because we were all scratching our heads at the time," he told talkSPORT. "It was not as though he wasn’t scoring goals or in any good form. I think he has been a bit unlucky at Chelsea.  "He has gone to another country, done exceptionally well, I am just so chuffed for him. He is a player I would like to see around the England squad again. I think he is a top class player, and he scores goals for fun." Roma and Abraham are poised to get their league season underway with a trip to Salernitana on Sunday. There is extra importance for the striker to continue his superb form in Serie A, with a place in Gareth Southgate's England World Cup squad up for grabs later this year.