Paul O'Grady, 67, confirmed on his Instagram account that he was leaving BBC Radio 2 because he "wasn't really happy" with sharing his Sunday evening slot. As the presenter's last episode airs today, he also thanked fans for "all the fun I've had over the years". Paul took to Instagram to share the short video in view of his 699,000 followers to clarify why he has decided to step away from the BBC show and thanked fans for their loyalty and support. He said: "Can you hear those dogs barking, honestly, I can't do anything. "I just want to say that tonight is my very last show on Radio 2 after 14 years! I have never had a job for that long. "So I want to say thank you very much for listening and for all your emails and all your messages and all the fun I've had over the years. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White furiously defended by co-star "And also a huge special mention to Malcolm Prince, my producer. And I've been really lucky in my time to have worked with some smashing producers, and Malcolm is way up there, believe you me." Paul then made sure to clarify why he is stepping down from his position at the BBC. He continued: "And the reason I'm leaving because everybody's asked me this. It's because I wasn't really happy with the 13 weeks on/13 weeks off business. "So, I did the honorable thing and I honored my contract, gave my notice and now I'm off. "Anyway, thanks very much and good luck to everyone on Radio 2 and long may you continue!" Fans and friends alike shared their sadness as Paul's time on the BBC draws to a close, as they wished the star the best for the future. Carol Vorderman said: "Love you so much Paul, don't even think about retiring.... There's only one of you." DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton opens up on family dynamic after split from Richie [INSIGHT] Heidi Klum, 49, says she still loves taking her clothes off [COMMENT] Carol Vorderman, 61, exposes killer abs in sultry bikini [PICS] Aileen.1523 added: "Going to really miss you Paul. Sundays are not going to be the same. "No one can replace you. Good luck with whatever your new adventure may be xxxx." Emilybecca1992 commented: "So sad to see you go. Sundays won’t be the same now. "Thank you for making us all smile & laugh with your shows! Wishing you all the best with whatever you do in the future." Paul announced earlier this week that he would be quitting his radio show following a BBC shake-up. The presenting shake-up saw Paul sharing his slot with comedian Rob Beckett, with the duo working alternatively, 13 weeks at a time. In a statement, Paul said: "I've loved doing my Sunday afternoon show for the last 14 years, and I'm going to miss my listeners as well as the fun I've had with my producer Malcolm Prince, but I feel that now is the right time to go." The decision came after it was revealed he would have to share the afternoon slot with the popular comic. The presenting shake-up saw Paul sharing his slot with comedian Rob, with the duo working alternatively, 13 weeks at a time.