Although certain types of hair loss are permanent, such as male and female pattern baldness, others might be only temporary. Between illnesses and stress, there are various factors that could be triggering hair shedding. The good news is that certain foods could step in and promote your hair health. A healthy diet is key when it comes to battling or preventing various conditions. However, Abbas Kanani, a pharmacist at Chemist Click, shared that four foods might be especially potent when it comes to hair loss. Opting for these goodies could help boost your sebum production and even stop hair loss. The promising foods in question are sweet potatoes, spinach, oily fish and eggs. READ MORE: Diabetes: The summer snack that could lower post-meal glucose spikes in 'hours' Kanani said: “These foods naturally have vitamin D which helps hair growth and reduces hair loss by supporting glands in the scalp to produce an oily substance known as sebum. “Sebum helps to keep the scalp moist, which in turn, promotes hair growth and stops hair loss.” The expert recommended opting for at least one portion of oily fish a week, which is the equivalent of around 140grams. In case you’re not aware, oily fish includes the likes of salmon, sardines, herring and mackerel.  If these four foods don’t sound that appealing to you, Kanani shared other options that could still boost your hair health. Another food group he recommended are eggs, nuts and meat as they are rich in a B-vitamin called biotin. He said: “Biotin works by helping to produce keratin which is a protein that helps to strengthen hair and prevent damage to hair follicles. “Biotin is proven to promote hair growth, as well as reduces the rate at which hair is lost.” READ MORE: Dementia: The 'sneaky' ingredient linked to memory problems - eaten by millions of Britons In terms of nut options, Brazil nuts might be especially potent as they also contain selenium which encourages the hair growth cycle to function correctly and is used in many hair loss supplements. Other foods that could also be beneficial are peppers, guavas, broccoli and citrus fruits. Kanani said: “These foods are rich in vitamin C, an antioxidant that reduces the stress placed on hair follicles by free radicals. “Vitamin C also produces collagen, an amino acid which acts as a building block for thick and healthy hair. “Too little vitamin C can cause anaemia, a side effect of which is hair loss.” Although your hair loss could be aided by healthy foods and vitamins in some cases, certain types of hair loss can be permanent. The NHS recommends seeing a GP if: Your doctor should be able to determine what’s causing your hair loss and suggest what could help.