Then in 2021, Rutte said Hungary had no business being in the European Union anymore owing to the banning of LGBT issues to under-18s. While Rutte said he could not push Hungary out of the EU by himself he somewhat candidly added: “The long-term aim is to bring Hungary to its knees on this issue”. Now bad blood is brewing between progressive Brussels and conservative-nationalist central and eastern Europe over the tying of EU cash to rule of law issues, something Hungary and Poland see as a thinly-veiled attempt to impose liberal values upon them. To some extent, central and eastern Europe got a bait and switch with the EU, believing they were joining an enhanced free trade bloc, they ended up joining a political union with a strong progressive ideology. That said, Hungary and Poland have been in the club long enough by now to know the rules. Budapest and Warsaw must, by now, be aware the EU is not going to change to suit them. Officially, majorities in most central and eastern EU states support EU membership. In reality, however, most back being part of a beefed-up trade alliance, not an ideologically-fixed political union. Plus, the EU cannot chuck the two out. As Brexiteers know, the only way out is Article 50 and it must be triggered by the country in question. Article 7 can impose sanctions, including losing the right to vote in the European Council. However, this requires unanimity, and Hungary and Poland - not to mention other central and eastern European states - generally have one another’s backs. How much longer then can Hungary and Poland keep doing this dance, and how much longer can both sides of the EU divide ignore the cultural Iron Curtain which has caused a schism on the Continent? Hungary’s Prime Minister Viktor Orbán is not just an irritant to Brussels, he sees the world from an entirely different perspective. Since Orbán returned to power in 2010 marriages in Hungary have doubled, abortions have halved, divorces have hit record lows, and the birth rate has risen by a quarter. Orbán has also overseen a constitution with references to God and Christianity; funded Christian schools, and banned content deemed to promote LGBT issues to minors. None of this has endeared him to Brussels but has proved extremely popular in central and eastern Europe. But it is almost certainly the case that what Brussels sees as Hungary’s and Poland’s draconian policies is a direct reaction to what Budapest and Warsaw feel is coming their way from Brussels. Is it inconceivable that if most central and eastern European states were no longer in the EU, they would no longer feel their values under attack, and therefore would not enact such hard-line policies in the first place? Both sides are unhappy in this toxic relationship but seemingly refuse to have the amicable divorce which could keep economic ties alive while severing the political links: enabling a new conservative European confederation to emerge in the east, with a progressive EU centred in the west. As many former unhappily married couples know, after divorcing their relationship actually improves, and so it may be for western, and eastern, Europe, able to practically engage economically but no longer politically. Furthermore, most countries in central and eastern Europe never joined the euro, making extricating themselves from the EU much easier, while most countries in the region are set to become net contributors to the EU by 2030. Unlike in the US – with all its inter-state and intra-state divisions – the EU’s cultural Iron Curtain offers a pretty neat dividing line. Is it not now time for the EU to be fully partitioned once and for all?