Tottenham officials are becoming ‘irritated’ by their fringe players being unwilling to commit to moves away from their club. Sergio Reguilon, Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso and Harry Winks are all reportedly training alone having been deemed surplus to requirements by Antonio Conte. The former Chelsea boss has been vocal since his arrival in north London that he wanted to shake up the squad and bring in players that would enable him to challenge for titles. Thus, Spurs have welcomed six new signings to the squad, and are working on several other deals. But Tottenham have been unable to sell the players on the fringe of the first team that have now been replaced. It was revealed by the Evening Standard that the four previously mentioned stars had been ‘banished’ from first-team training and told to train individually so that Conte could work with his set squad. And the Mail now reports that there has been concrete interest in all of the individuals, but the players themselves are reluctant to leave Tottenham – causing ‘irritations behind the scenes’. Spurs are believed to be pushing the four players to make a decision about where their futures lie, though are being forced to wait as the end of the transfer window ticks closer. JUST IN: Chelsea told to snub Frenkie de Jong and sign alternative The four stars have interest from Premier League sides as well as abroad, with La Liga teams keeping tabs on Lo Celso, Ndombele and Reguilon. Winks, too, has been linked with a move away from England, with reports claiming that Jose Mourinho’s Roma are monitoring his situation. Reguilon could reportedly remain in the English top-flight too, with Brighton supposedly keeping tabs on the Spaniard having sold left-back Marc Cucurella to Chelsea earlier this summer. Spurs will want the quartet off of their books sooner rather than later, and it could affect how busy they are in the latter stages of the window given that funds are likely to be raised from their sales.  Conte was asked about the four excluded players ahead of the new season last week, to which he said: “Many players want to play regularly, and then for this reason I think that sometimes it's better for the player and club to find the right solution for both. Because to keep players unhappy is not good and I cannot ensure they'll play regularly here in Tottenham. “We're talking about a good player but maybe they deserve to play regularly so we want to find a solution for the club and the player to keep both sides happy.” It remains to be seen how successful Spurs are with their clear out, and whether some of the players believe that they can stay at the club and work themselves back into Conte’s plans.