Mr Johnson is reportedly preparing to announce an in-principle agreement that would offer funding to the Sizewell C reactor in Suffolk during his last week in office. The Sizewell C facility, which is to be constructed on the Suffolk coast, will be a 3,200 MWe nuclear power station — powerful enough to supply electricity for some six million homes.  He said yesterday that a public announcement was imminent. According to the reports, Prime Minister is thought to have privately decided to go ahead with Sizewell C earlier in the summer.    Speaking during a visit to Dorset, Mr Johnson said: “We are going to have a long-term British energy security strategy, and we’re putting in more nuclear — you’re going to be hearing more about that later this week.” He also promised “absolutely shedloads of wind power” as he sought to pin the blame for high gas prices on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Speaking exclusively to the Express, Mr Johnson said:  “The potential of this country is enormous. We have a problem with our energy supplies, we had 13 years in which the Labour government didn't build a single nuclear reactor and didn't even greenlight a single nuclear reactor, which was even worse.  “So, no wonder the French have less of a problem with energy price inflation when they have huge quantities of juice coming from nuclear.    During his visit to Dorset, the Prime Minister said: “Be in absolutely no doubt that the gas price is being driven by what Putin did in Ukraine. “I’m not going to shrink from this — it is going to be tough in the months to come, it’s going to be tough through to next year, and that’s because of Putin’s war in Ukraine. “But we’re going to get through it.” READ MORE:Macron’s energy nightmare deepens as nuclear output plummets: ‘Prep... Mr Johnson warned Britons yesterday that “it is going to be tough through to next year” because of the rising energy bills. However, he added that his successor, which is poised to be Liz Truss, would “provide a further package of support for helping people with the cost of energy”. Some concerns have been raised about Mr Johnson leaving his successor with a multibillion-pound bill at a time of a cost of living crisis. However, the plans for the reactor are likely to go ahead under Ms Truss’ leadership, as Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, who is tipped by Chancellor under her helm, is reported to be “massively” behind the Sizewell C plan.  DON'T MISS: Putin reeling as Britain eyes deal for FIVE more warships [REVEAL] Royal Navy pulls rug from under Putin in Black Sea with undersea drone [REPORT] EU sent horror warning as 10 ‘terrible’ winters loom [INSIGHT] The proposed facility has long been met with disapproval by antinuclear and wildlife campaigners, who have announced that they will be continuing to oppose the project. A spokesperson for the campaign group Stop Sizewell C told BBC News: “Our next prime minister should call Sizewell C in. “There are so many better ways to spend billions of pounds of taxpayers' money than on a project that won't light a single lightbulb for at least a decade.” 