Manchester United are in talks with Barcelona over a second player this summer amid their ongoing pursuit of Frenkie de Jong, according to reports in Spain. Erik ten Hag is looking to sign Blaugrana defender Sergino Dest and would be willing to send current first-choice right-back Diogo Dalot the other way to seal a deal. The Dutchman wants to upgrade his right-back options among midfield and attacking signings in the final three weeks of the summer transfer window. And while United are listening to offers for Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Dalot also seems to be in the shop window before the September 1 deadline. According to Sport, United are in talks with Barcelona over signing Dest this month as Ten Hag eyes reinforcements throughout his squad. Barca are demanding around £17million for the USMNT defender, but the Red Devils are ready to sweeten a deal by including Dalot, who has started the season as Ten Hag's primary right-back. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'went against' Man Utd and Ralf Rangnick with decision The 23-year-old leapfrogged Wan-Bissaka in the club's pecking order last season but has failed to convince since being signed by Jose Mourinho in 2018. And he was one of many players criticised for his disappointing role in last Sunday's opening Premier League weekend defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion at Old Trafford. Dest has been used as a rotational option since joining Barcelona from Ajax in 2020, making 51 La Liga appearances across two seasons. The 21-year-old played 38 times under Ten Hag in the Netherlands and would continue the trend of the United boss targeting players he can trust in the current window. Whether Dest would be open to a reunion at Old Trafford remains to be seen, but Ten Hag's efforts to sign him indicate his lack of trust among his current ranks. Similarly, it's uncertain whether Dalot would be happy to depart M16 for Barcelona, although he'd unlikely refuse with Champions League football on offer. READ MORE: Arsenal decision could come back to bite them after Auba revelation Ten Hag wants to add a new right-back, as well as a goalkeeper, two central midfielders and a forward before the summer transfer deadline. United are continuing their pursuit of De Jong, while football director John Murtough is in Turin to wrap up a £14m deal for Juventus' Adrian Rabiot. The club's attacking plans are less clear amid reports that Ten Hag wants a versatile winger and backup striker. But PSV Eindhoven's Cody Gakpo has emerged as a potential alternative to first-choice winger target Antony. VfB Stuttgart's Sasa Kaladjzic also continues to be linked with an Old Trafford switch. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt