Liverpool midfielder Harvey Elliott was moved to tears in a post-match interview with LFCTV as he paid tribute to his nan who recently died. Elliott fell to the floor with his hands covering his face on the pitch in emotional scenes after he made it 2-0 in Liverpool's 9-0 defeat of Bournemouth on Saturday. It was Elliott's first Premier League goal and one dedicated to his nan. He posted on Instagram: "That win was for you Nan! Rip my queen." And he choked up in an interview with the club's official in-house media channel while discussing his contribution to Liverpool's victory. Asked what was in his mind for his goal, Elliott explained to LFCTV: "Just shoot. I've sort of had a few chances here and there, especially in the Palace game, but luckily today the ball hit the back of the net. "It was just a great feeling to score at Anfield, not just any goal but a goal like that. It's always worth the hard work and to hear the crowd roar." The emotion in Elliott's voice was easy to hear as he added: "For me personally, it's great and hopefully many more to come." Asked about why it was a special goal for him and his family, a teary-eyed Elliott continued: "Yeah I mean my nan passed away a few days ago, it's just for her really and more importantly the three points." The 19-year-old needed a brief moment to collect himself as presenter Peter McDowall declared that Elliott's nan would be proud of him and his performance. The England under-21 international has been one of the standout performers in a tough start to the season for Jurgen Klopp's side. Liverpool had only two points from nine before the visit of Bournemouth to Anfield. Elliott added: "It was unbelievable. It was a perfect response from us in all fairness, to score as many goals as we did, to top off a great win. More importantly we got the three points. "It's a dream for us. It's definitely a stepping stone into the next games. We're going to use it as confidence and motivation to put things right again on Wednesday. "There was a lot of pressure on us players to go out and put on a performance and we certainly did that. To score five goals in the first half was a good start for us. We played unbelievably throughout the game and a big congratulations to the young lads who deserved their chance. "They deserved to be playing today and they're the ones who keep us going in training as well. It's a massive relief for us and we're just so excited for Wednesday. It's back to the busy stage now, three games in a week. Recovery is very important and we need to keep on going. "We use today as motivation but we can't get too excited about it because Newcastle is another hard game, and then Everton as well. We've got hard games. Everyone we play in the Premier League is hard. It's just how we make sure we put in another performance like we did today." Elliott was taken off at half-time and manager Klopp explained: "Harvey felt just a little bit. In no other game we would take him off but when 5-0 up, we thought if that's not the moment, then the moment will never come again. "Nothing after the game. The assessment is good. He should be completely fine." Liverpool take on Newcastle in their next match at Anfield on Wednesday night (8pm).