CBS procedural drama NCIS Hawaii met a satisfying end in May after Kate Whistler (played by Tori Anderson) was able to rekindle her romance with Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami). However, in a new interview, the actress reflected on the episode and detailed how nervous she was shooting the scene.   Throughout season one of NCIS Hawaii, FBI Agent Kate Whistler began working alongside the team, where she met Junior Agent Lucy Tara. The two hit it off, and despite their initial hesitation, they began a romantic relationship. While things were going smoothly, Tara broke things off with Whistler after the FBI agent’s ex made a surprise appearance. It was soon revealed Whistler hadn’t officially broken up with her ex and was afraid to tell Tara the truth. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected   She was afraid Tara was going to end their relationship and decided to keep her relationship hidden. As a result, Tara felt hurt and betrayed and put a stop to their romance. Fans were also heartbroken to see the couple they loved go their separate ways, and it was also hard on the pair as they still had to work together. However, Whistler was determined to rekindle her romance with Tara and sought advice from cyber specialist Ernie Malik (Jason Antoon)    Later on in the episode, Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) was holding a potluck, where she introduced guests as well as her co-workers. When Whistler arrived, she saw Tara and began serenading the agent. She sang her own rendition of Bob Dylan’s Make You Feel My Love, much to Tara’s shock. In a recent interview, actress Tori Anderson opened up about the scene and revealed she was nervous about singing. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [INSIGHT]Why did Lauren Holly really leave NCIS as Jenny Shepard? [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Deeks star in shock outburst as scene goes wrong [INSIGHT]    She shared: “Well, I got a call from [series co-creator] Matt Bosack, because he wrote the episode, and he told me about it, and I was sort of utterly in shock, but I was really excited. “I mean, I think it was a monumental moment for Kate. “She sort of takes things at face value which has been a fun thing to play, [and] with very little room for interpretation. “So, when Ernie suggests singing as a grand gesture, she hears just that.”     The actress continued: “But I mean, it was a nerve-wracking moment.