Ukrainian air defences brought down a Russian aircraft yesterday, a military expert claimed. Two other Ka-52s were shot down over the weekend, making it the third aircraft to have been shot down in three days. Reporting the losses, war correspondent and former US Navy SEAL Chuck Pfarrer tweeted: "HAT TRICK: On 15 AUG, Ukrainian air defence brought down a Russian Ka-52 attack helicopter. "It is the third Russian Ka-52 to be shot down in three days. "UKR anti-air defences also downed two Ka-52s over the weekend." Earlier this month, Ukrainian forces reportedly shot down almost every single missile launched in a Russian air strike. A spokesperson for Ukraine's Air Force Command, Yury Ihnat, reported that Ukraine's air defence intercepted seven out of eight missiles launched in a Russian strike. READ MORE: WATCH Russian BMP-1 infantry fighting vehicle OBLITERATED by a Ukraine The missiles were launched from the Caspian Sea on the evening of August 2. They targeted southern, central and western Ukrainian oblasts. The day before, two Russian rockets were shot down over Vinnytsia, Vinnytsia Oblast Governor Serhii Borzov said. Mr Borzov said anti-aircraft alerts over the city were working effectively. But details of the area where the rockets were targeting have not been disclosed.  This comes as Russia continues to suffer a series of setbacks in its war against Ukraine. The army has so far taken heavy losses, with the Ukrainian Army estimating that as many as 40,000 Russian soldiers have been killed. As many as 22 aircraft and 190 helicopters have reportedly been wiped out. Amid the heavy losses suffered by Russia, earlier this month the Kremlin accused the US of playing a direct role in the Ukraine war. DON'T MISS: Putin’s nuclear arsenal re-assessed: 'Could destroy all major cities' [ANALYSIS] Putin offers weapons with allies around the world [REPORT] Putin endgame as Russia’s economy tipped to crumble under sanctions [INSIGHT] A spokesperson for Moscow's defence ministry, Lt Gen Igor Konashenkov, alleged the US was approving targets for American-made HIMARS rocket systems, which are used by Kyiv's forces. He said intercepted calls between Ukrainian officials revealed the link. Mr Konashenkov said: "It is the Biden administration that is directly responsible for all rocket attacks approved by Kyiv on residential areas and civilian infrastructure facilities in settlements of Donbas and other regions that caused mass deaths of civilians." Ukraine has denied the US was providing direct targeting information. A spokesperson for the Pentagon said it provided Ukraine with "detailed, time-sensitive information to help them understand the threats they face and defend their country against Russian aggression". Russia has previously accused the US of engaging in a "proxy" war with Ukraine. Speaking in April, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the country's decision to supply Ukraine with billions of dollars worth of arms meant that "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy". He added: "War means war."