Piers Morgan, 57, took to Twitter and shared his thoughts on Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 37, coming back to the UK next month. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are due to attend charity events "close to their hearts". They will be attending the One Young World Summit in Manchester on 5 September which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries. During the visit, Prince Harry and Meghan will also be at an event for the Invictus Games in Germany. Their return to Britain comes just after the pair returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations which were held in June. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Piers reacted to the news after he shared an article that read: "Prince Harry, Meghan Markle to visit UK, Germany in September for charity." READ MORE: Valerie James dead: Wife of Carry On legend Sid James dies aged 93 In view of his 7.9 million followers, he tweeted: "'For charity' [laughing emojis]. "Try ‘for Netflix $$$$$$$$’." Royal fans have since gushed over the couple's return to the UK as they shared their excitement at Harry and Meghan touching down on British soil again. @MarieJamieson tweeted: "Harry & Meghan will visit cherished charities this fall. #ServiceisUniversal." @Nadia commented: "I think it is lovely that Harry and Meghan are returning to the UK for charity events." @chrometweets1 said: "Meghan and Harry remain patrons of many UK charities. Harry founded Invictus and remains its Patron. Both H&M, through Archewell, raise awareness of, and funds for, a host of other charities. So whilst not being 'working royals', even better, they are royals who actually work." @ladyrocksavages penned: "I am loving the coverage and support. This is what happens when people have a legacy and foundation, they build and build and build. Well done Harry and Meghan!" Twitter user, @JosianaSylvia wrote: "We miss them so much ! They're so cute and lovely." @PatouArt agreed: "Can't wait to see Prince Harry and Princess Meghan." DON'T MISS:Countryfile fans shocked by ‘pure filth’ during Hamza Yassin's segment [LATEST]Rylan Clark’s co-star urges him to ‘sell house’ after snake invasion [UPDATE]Richard Gere, 72, plants kiss on his stunning wife Alejandra Silva, 39 [PICTURES] @Holliethecard wrote: "Break open the Vintage... Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are making a UK appearance in September." Natasha remarked: "Meghan and Harry will be in UK & Germany in September!!! I can’t wait to see them again." Invictus Generation tweeted: "Congratulations to all the charities benefitting from these visits of Prince Harry and Princess Meghan." Meghan and Harry had signed a deal with Netflix worth a rumoured $100million (£83million) to create original content including documentaries, movies, series and children’s programming. But the streaming giant's revenue has dropped after losing 200,000 subscribers in the first three months of 2022. Meghan and Harry officially retired from the Royal Family in early 2020 duties after deciding to relocate from the UK to the US to build a new life with their young family. The lucrative deal with Netflix was then signed a few months later, but the streaming giant has only ever publicly announced Harry's documentary, Heart of Invictus and an animated children’s series from Meghan called Pearl. But in May, it was announced Netflix was axing the show from the Duchess as part of a wide-ranging cost-cutting move, with several other high-profile projects being scrapped. Meanwhile, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return to the UK in a matter of weeks to visit various charities, one of their representatives confirmed. The Sussexes' spokesperson announced: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." They will make the trip in between travelling to Germany to mark one year to go before the Invictus Games 2023 for injured military personnel in Dusseldorf.