BBC reporter Ben Boulos joined Sally Nugent and Ben Thompson in the BBC Breakfast studio to discuss the morning’s breaking news concerning BP’s latest profits announcement. The reporter revealed the energy firm had confirmed profits of £6.95billion from April to June 2022 but viewers felt the show’s coverage failed to explain why energy prices for UK households were increasing alongside the company’s profits. Sally began: “Energy giant BP has announced a quarterly profit of just under £7billion. That’s the second highest in the company’s history.” BBC Breakfast host Ben added: “That follows bumper results for Shell and British Gas. “It comes as millions of UK households are facing predicted energy bills of more than £3,300.” “These figures are eye watering, aren’t they?” the presenter added. Read more: Alex Scott fights tears over Lionesses win on BBC Breakfast Reporter Ben pointed out BP’s rivals have also reported whopping profits. Last week, Shell announced record-breaking profits of £9billion between April and June 2022. Explaining the reasons behind the huge profits, he said: “Partly after lockdowns were lifted there was a surge in demand for oil and gas so that pushes the price up, the sanctions on Russia after Russia invaded Ukraine, Russia is a big supplier of energy so that’s limited supplies and pushed the price up and all the while people are seeing their household gas and electric bills soar. “It’s costing more to fill up the car so these profits will sit slightly uncomfortably.” “But we should say back in May the Government announced a windfall tax on energy companies’ profits,” he continued. “That will take some of those profits and put it back into the public purse. “But there are ways of limiting how much they have to pay in that windfall tax if they invest renewable energy sources for example." BBC Breakfast viewers felt the reporters were failing to explain why energy bills were increasing while company’s register huge profits. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast backlash as viewers blast coverage 'Any real news today? [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast chaos amid last minute panic as host details 'collapse'  [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty mocks Matt Tebbutt's appearance 'Less boring' [INTERVIEW] Replying to a video clip of Ben detailing the profits, @janeysass questioned: “You were asked the question ‘how can the energy companies make such a huge profit?’ You didn’t answer it. Can you answer it? It is hard to understand.” @RichieM1968 added: “Just call these energy companies out.... they are profiteering. "Increasing sales prices more than the costs are increasing. How many people/families will be in fuel poverty by the end of this year?” Lashing out BBC Breakfast guests, @11MerryMen1 tweeted: “So called expert just repeating the question about rising energy prices/profits. No attempt to answer the question or explain why...pointless. Our media is as s**t as our politicians.” @gingola69 wrote: “@BBCBreakfast please explain why energy prices are so high. What is causing this and what are governments doing about this.” “The media again being soft with this. Again trying to justify such extortionate profiteering! When are people going to realise that the 'Windfall Tax' is going to go straight back into BP's pockets, e.g. whatever the Gov give us to help with high energy costs, will go back to BP!” @ShaunGosney said. @search_andrew remarked: “Typical @BBC with their usual poor coverage of the issues with an abundance of innuendo misunderstanding of the underlying issues.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.