Nana Akua welcomed Lizzie Cundy and comedian Leo Kearse onto her GB News on Saturday for a debate on whether the panellists trust the NHS with their money. The broadcaster furiously slammed the NHS over plans to launch a campaign to urge the public to avoid A&E to relieve the pressure on hospitals amid a crisis of long waiting times. Introducing the debate, Nana said: “The NHS is often considered to be the bedrock of society it’s like the sacred cow you can’t say anything bad about it. “Its main role is to make sure everyone has equal access to healthcare free at the point of need. “It’s been revealed that the NHS has actually wasted, and this isn’t much for them, over £1million on woke staff [initiatives] including rainbow flags on bunting and events like Pride picnics. “Where have they got the time? Meanwhile, the NHS is on the brink of disaster, patient waiting times are at an all-time high.” Read more: Naga Munchetty slammed by BBC viewers over 'bias' Mick Lynch probe “Currently a staggering 6million people are waiting for treatment and health bosses are urging people to avoid A&E this winter as they’re about to splurge on a Covid advertising campaign to tell us not to go there unless it’s completely urgent,” she added. Lizzie vented: “I don’t trust them with our money, now about the NHS use the money for the purpose it’s intended. “What’s this about spending money on rainbow cake, martial art performances and all this woke brigade nonsense? “I’m absolutely livid and now they’re saying, ‘Don’t go to A&E.’” Nana burst out laughing as Lizzie added: “This is supposed to be Great Britain. “And the reason why people go to the A&E is because they usually can’t get a GP appointment at the moment. “Where else are they meant to go? Are we not allowed to be sick?” Nana argued: “On the flip side of it they’re arguing because a lot of people didn’t use the services during Covid a lot of people are dying as a result of lockdown. DON'T MISS'Can't erase history ' Allo Allo star slams comedy warnings [INSIGHT]Dan Wootton blasts people working from home as 'lazy' [VIDEO]Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage [INTERVIEW] “No, a lot of people are dying because you told them not to go to the hospitals and a lot of people will die if you tell them not to go to A&E. “It’s about £10,000 per household that’s contributing to the NHS that is more expensive than ever private medical cover you’re likely to take on.” However, comedian Leo pointed out: “If you look at other systems like for example in America where it’s completely private and I’m not saying that the only two systems are the NHS or America. “I think there are other systems like Singapore and Switzerland that have got excellent systems and we can maybe learn from there.” “But if you look at America they spend more money per head on assessing cases and all the administration that goes into validating whether someone should receive care which is obviously dead money it’s not going to doctors or nurses,” he continued. “I think £1million on a few staff training days on sandwiches and rainbow cake isn’t the biggest worry in my mind.” “Every penny should be spent on patient care,” Lizzie quipped. Nana Akua airs on GB News from Friday to Sunday at 4pm.