Mr Bowie discussed Scotlands, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon's choice to accept the offer to be on the front cover of Vogue. The Scottish Conservative MP claimed that you could judge Ms Sturgeon by her own actions when asked by Niall Paterson if he thought she was an attention seeker. Mr Bowie also went on to claim that his backed leadership candidate Rishi Sunak would beat the SNP if he became leader of the Conservative Party. There have been ongoing slanging matches between MPs and leadership candidates as the battle to become the next Prime Minister of the country continues. Mr Paterson said: "Does Rishi Sunak think that Nicola Sturgeon is an attention seeker?" Mr Bowie told Sky News: "I think you can judge Nicola Sturgeon by her own actions. "The twice vogue cover star Nicola Sturgeon whether or not she would claim that she was an attention seeker or not. "The fact... The problem...The thing about what Liz Truss said in Exeter isn't that she claimed Nicola was an attention seeker. JUST IN: Save £5 off petrol at all UK stations with cash back deal - how to claim  Mr Bowie added: "It's that we ignore the SNP. "We don't beat the SNP by ignoring them, we beat the SNP by taking them on at the ballot box and winning the argument. "And that's what I want to see, and that is what Rishi Sunak would do if he became leader of the Conservative Party." Rishi Sunak also vowed to stop Scotland's pledge for independence in its tracks. READ MORE:'Undermined democracy!' Albanese takes swipe at ex-PM Morrison over self-appointed roles     Ms Sturgeon wants Scotland to gain independence from the UK and is on her second attempt at trying to do so. This is not the first clash Ms Stugeon has had with the leadership candidates. Leadership candidate Liz Truss has also criticised Ms Sturgeon's choice to accept the invitation to be on the front cover of Vogue. Ms Sturgeon slammed claims she was an attention seeker, saying: "That was the main thing she wanted to talk to me about, she wanted to know how she could get into Vogue - and she calls me an attention-seeker...  DON’T MISS: Mum stole £1,500 from her own grandad but walks free from court[INSIGHT] Outrage as man ordered to pay 2P debt to DWP - of face legal action 'They were serious' [REVEAL] US, South Korea and Japan conduct first combined ballistic missile exercise since 2017 [SPOTLIGHT]     