Queen Elizabeth has had the honour of eating some of the world’s most luxurious and expensive foods. But the monarch is said to be fond of a classic British dark mint chocolate, usually eaten after dinner, that anyone can buy from your local supermarket. The head of the Royal Family is said to be a creature of habit; she reportedly wakes up at the same time every day, and chooses to follow the same morning routine, regardless of where she is staying. According to a former royal chef, the Queen enjoys four small meals a day; breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, and dinner. And she likes to begin each day with a cup of earl grey tea and a few biscuits. But her sweet tooth doesn’t stop there, as the monarch is said to be a “chocoholic”. READ MORE: Keep milk fresh for 3 weeks with unusual food storage hack “Anything we put on the menu that had chocolate on, she would choose, especially chocolate perfection pie,” Darren McGrady has said. As for what chocolates are her favourite, Express.co.uk recently reported how the Queen is said to enjoy sweet offerings from the famous chocolatier Charbonnel et Walker, whose chocolate can sell for up to £280. But, the monarch is also partial to an after-dinner, classic British chocolate mint, which is available at most supermarkets. During an engagement earlier this year, a £5 box of Bendicks Bittermints was seen in the corner of a photograph. DON'T MISS...Royal Mail strike: When are the postal workers going on strike? [NEWS]Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ [VIDEO]Meghan Markle’s go-to gesture when she ‘feels too much attention’ [COMMENT] They were placed on a side table, alongside a £220 box of chocolates from Fortnum & Mason. The Queen clearly favours Bendicks chocolates as the brand has a Royal Warrant which means they can display a crest on their packaging. The Bendicks website describes their chocolates as "a unique combination of contrasting, premium ingredients. Intense mint fondant is harmonised with indulgent, dark, 95 percent cocoa solids chocolate”. READ MORE: Kate Middleton & Prince William's favourite airport food costs £3,300 These chocolate mints are said to be “the perfect finishing touch to any meal or entertainment occasion”. Darren previously explained the Queen’s love for dark chocolate in particular. “The Queen loves chocolate,” he said. “Anything dark chocolate - the darker the better. “She has little snacks and little boxes of chocolates in her room. The former royal chef, who worked for Princess Diana from 1993 to 1997, also discussed the Queen's favourite cakes. He said: "There's the chocolate biscuit cake, which is the one that William chose as his groom's cake when he got married. "There's also the chocolate ganache sponge cake, which she has for her birthday every year. “That cake dates back to Queen Victoria,” he told ITV’s This Morning.