Lieutenant-Colonel Vitaly Tsikul, 36, who was also a tank commander, has become the latest senior Russian casualty during the war in Ukraine. Russian media has showed footage of his funeral taking place in the town of Chebarkul, central Russia. Tsikul served in the Russian 90th Tank Division, and was accorded full military honours at his funeral. No details have been revealed about the circumstances behind his death in Ukraine. Viktor, a soldier at the funeral, said: “He was our commander. “I did not hear a single bad word from him. He was an officer who rallied his troops.” The latest blow to Vladimir Putin comes as one person was killed when a Russian air base near seaside resorts in annexed Crimean was rocked by explosions. Witnesses heard at least 12 explosions at around 3.20pm local time on Tuesday from the Saky air base near Novofedorivka on the west coast of the peninsula, which was used by Russia early in the war as one of the launchpads for its invasion.  Russia's defence ministry insisted the "detonation of several aviation ammunition stores" had caused an explosion. It maintained no attack had taken place and no aviation equipment had been damaged. Mykhailo Podolyak, who advises President Volodymyr Zelenskiy, told the Dozhd online television channel Ukraine is not taking responsibility for the explosions. He said: "Of course not. What do we have to do with this?" READ MORE: China outbreak: NEW potentially deadly virus puts officials on alert  The presidential adviser suggested the blast could be down to Russian incompetence or an attack by partisans. An anonymous military source was also quoted as telling Russian news agencies: "There are no signs, evidence or, even less, facts (to indicate) a deliberate impact on ammunition stores." President Zelensky stopped short of mentioning the blast in his regular evening address video to the country. Reiterating Kyiv's position that Crimea would have to be returned to Ukraine, he said: "The Black Sea region cannot be safe while Crimea is occupied." DON'T MISSXi Jinping humiliated as Taiwan drill stunt backfires [REPORT]Zelensky vows to take Crimea back from Russian control [COMMENTS]New Russian army unit set to flop [LATEST]  Earlier this week, the Pentagon's top policy official said Russia may have suffered as many as 80,000 casualties since the Ukraine war began on February 24. Colin Kahl, Defence Department under secretary for policy, said: "There’s a lot of fog in war but I think it’s safe to suggest that the Russians have probably taken 70 or 80,000 casualties in the less than six months. "Now, that is a combination of killed in action and wounded in action and that number might be a little lower, a little higher, but I think that’s kind of in the ballpark." That Russian casualty figure is much higher than previous and recent estimates from the US. Late last month, CIA Director William Burns estimated 15,000 Russians have died in Ukraine and some 45,000 have been wounded. But he admitted these intelligence estimates are "always a range", and "there’s no perfect number".