While Barbra Streisand is known for her music, she has spent over 50 years of her career as a political activist and at one point was even on the list of presidential political enemies. The 80-year-old shows no signs of slowing down as she took to social media to slam the US Supreme Court over the last few months. American politics has been riddled with scandal and controversy over the last few months, with tension coming to a head during the ruling on abortions in June. In 1973 the US Supreme Court passed a judgement that a woman’s right to terminate her pregnancy was protected by the US constitution. The case, known as Roe v Wade, ultimately ruled that governments did not have the power to prohibit abortions. In 2022 the Supreme Court overruled this judgement, indicating that a woman's right to abortion is not protected under the constitution and gave individual states the power to make the procedure illegal. When the original ruling was passed in 1973, Streisand was already enthralled in political activism, performing benefit concerts to raise money for the legal defence costs of Daniel Ellsberg who released the infamous Pentagon Papers. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package ‘Not going to touch the sides!’ Now, as the ruling got overturned, Streisand has turned to her global audience on social media, using her platform to showcase the injustices she believes are occurring in American politics. On the day the ruling was announced Streisand tweeted: “The Court uses religious dogma to overturn the constitutional right to abortion. “This Court is the American Taliban.” The comment section immediately exploded, with supporters from both sides of the argument clashing over who owned the moral high ground. Streisand, however, was hardly deterred by the severe reactions, tweeting barely a week later claiming Former President Donald J Trump was pulling the strings behind the decision. She said: “Our country was founded on the principle of the separation of church and state! “Trump’s Supreme Court picks are destroying that original principle, which is embedded in our constitution!” She later added, likely in response to the comments claiming the decision was correct under the guidelines of the Christian Scriptures: “The Bible says nothing about life beginning at conception. “The Supreme Court uses its own theocratic dogma to end the right to choose.” The separation between church and state has been a big talking point for the singer, who said “the right-wing” politicians and their supporters have “perverted the word freedom”. Streisand has been a fervent supporter of the Democratic Party since the late Sixties, being so outspoken on political matters she ended up on President Richard Nixon’s list of political enemies in 1971. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, the Funny Girl actress explained there were a number of reasons she had been placed on the list. She said: “I was on Nixon’s Enemies List because I supported [Eugene] McCarthy in 1968 and raised funds for Daniel Ellsberg in the Pentagon Papers trial. Then I did a concert for George McGovern.” Eugene McCarthy ran for president opposite Nixon in 1968, George McGovern was his opponent in the 1972 election and the Pentagon Papers unveiled the US’s involvement in Vietnam. Streisand’s platform and influence proved to be far more powerful than some expected as her McGovern performance almost became a chart-topper. The show was recorded on the album Live Concert at the Forum, which hit number 19 on the Billboard 200. While this was an incredible feat for a politically-invigorated concert, it was somewhat of a let-down for the singer who has had 11 albums reach Number One over her career. In 1984, Streisand was one of 10 notable film industry members to establish the Hollywood Women’s Political Committee which now has over 300 members. During Trump’s presidency, the now 80-year-old star was outspoken about her dislike for him and his initiatives so much so that she brought it into her music once again. She released her 36th album Walls in 2018, with the lead song being a direct criticism of the political climate at the time. The title track also directly alluded to Trump’s infamous call to build a wall on the border between the US and Mexico. Barbra Streisand: Becoming an Icon airs on BBC Two tonight at 11:05pm.