ITV is very rarely without a gripping drama in the works and now the latest has been announced. Based on the work of crime author Val McDermid, Karen Pirie is being brought to life by the same production company that’s behind BBC’s Line of Duty and Bodyguard so it looks like we’ll be in for a real treat. Here’s everything Express.co.uk knows so far about Karen Pirie. ITV first announced Karen Pirie was in the pipeline last year and excitement for this adaptation has been building ever since. As of yet though, there has been no word of an official start date for the crime drama. There shouldn’t be too long to wait as the broadcaster did clarify that Karen Pirie would air sometime in September 2022. It is also unknown if the series is going to come out in America on Britbox. Express.co.uk will update this article once a release date has been confirmed. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving?  Leading the cast will be Outlander actress Lauren Lyle who famously played Marsali Fraser, as well as peaceful protestor Jade Antoniak in BBC’s Vigil. Lyle will be behind the titular role of Karen Pirie, “a young and fearless Scottish investigator with a quick mouth and tenacious desire for the truth.” Talking about starring in the upcoming ITV series, Lyle said: “I am completely overjoyed to be bringing the formidable force that is DS Karen Pirie to life through Emer Kenny's slick adaptation. “The world Emer [Kenny, writer]has created using the backbone of Val McDermid's much-loved books is electrifying and hooked me immediately. “I couldn't ask for a more creative, supportive and energetic team to be joining. I'm so thankful to Val, Emer, World Productions and ITV for welcoming me wholeheartedly on board.”  She will be joined by Sex Education’s Chris Jenks as Jason ‘Mint’ Murray, Blithe Spirit’s Zach Wyatt as DS Phil Parhatka and Casualty’s Anna Russell-Martin as teenager Rosie Duff. Karen Pirie’s writer Kenny will also be starring in the drama as Karen’s friend River Wilde, having previously been in The Curse, Father Brown and EastEnders as Zsa Zsa Carter. Others in the Karen Pirie cast will be Jhon Lumsden, Jack Hesketh, Buom Tihnang, Ariyon Bakare and Michael Schaeffer. Going by the plot, this ITV mini-series  won’t be one you’ll want to miss out on. DON'T MISS...BBC backlash as fans slam Countryfile and Springwatch [REACTION]Van Der Valk: Viewers slam ITV drama over ‘confusing’ inaccuracy  [EXPLAINER]Vera star details 'special' moment on set with Brenda Blethyn [CAST] DS Pirie is going to reopen the cold case of Rosie Duff’s (Anna Russell-Martin) murder 25 years later after it becomes the subject of a true-crime podcast. Rosie’s body was discovered in St Andrews, Scotland, in 1996 and three drunken students were at the scene at the time, claiming to have found her. Suspicion quickly fell on the young men but due to a lack of forensic evidence, there were no charges. With the case now brought back to the forefront of people’s minds, will new proof of who the killer was emerge? While there is no official release date as of yet, it is known Karen Pirie will consist of just three episodes. Each one will be feature-length with a running time of roughly 120 minutes so it’ll be like watching three TV movies. Season one is going to be based on the first Karen Pirie novel, The Distant Echo. Karen Pirie will air in September 2022 on ITV.