Paris Saint-Germain reportedly want to pair Marcus Rashford with French superstar Kylian Mbappe in a blockbuster two-man forward line at the Parc des Princes. It remains to be seen where that leaves Lionel Messi, who has spearheaded an attacking trio for the first two competitive matches of the season under new boss Christophe Galtier. Revived links between PSG and Rashford may come as something of a surprise amid the player's persistent struggle for form at Old Trafford. Last season was his worst in front of goal since breaking through into senior football, notching just four in the Premier League. But The Times claim that the French giants are preparing to submit a bid to Man Utd and a long-term contract offer to Rashford after holding positive talks with the player's entourage. PSG sporting director Luis Campos once labelled him 'one of the best players in the world' and has significant influence over the structure of the playing squad. Campos supposedly believes that Rashford's stalled progress is a result of being asked to play multiple positions for the Red Devils, having featured predominantly out wide in recent years. JUST IN: Jamie Redknapp slams two Erik ten Hag decisions as Man Utd shell-shocked by Brentford But PSG are believed to view Rashford as a goal-scorer that could forge a deadly partnership with Mbappe. Interest from the Parisians has reportedly been received well by the England international, who became part of United's youth set-up in 2005. United fans, players and staff have hardly been the picture of joy while they struggle to find a winning recipe on the pitch and Rashford's outlook for the season ahead doesn't seem too positive in light of Erik ten Hag's miserable start at the helm. A 2-1 defeat by Brighton last weekend was followed by a 4-0 hammering against Brentford on Saturday. READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Yeremy Pino transfer by Unai Emery - 'Will have to leave' A daunting clash with bitter rivals Liverpool is pencilled for next Monday night and it remains to be seen whether Rashford's negotiations with PSG have progressed by then. His prospective arrival in the French capital could have an effect on Messi who, so far, has been the central point in a front three which also includes Neymar and Pablo Sarabia while Mbappe overcomes a short-term injury. Rashford and Mbappe up top would presumably see Messi drop back into an attacking midfield role, assuming Galtier is prepared to tweak his current 3-4-3 formation. The Argentine underwhelmed during his debut campaign with just six league goals to show, but he notched two goals and one assist in his only Ligue 1 match of the current campaign. There is also the unlikely scenario that Messi is dropped from the side altogether, given that signing Rashford would land PSG with four world-class forwards. The prospect of fighting for minutes with a trio of global stars may sound enticing to the Man Utd man after a miserable Saturday afternoon in west London. He played the full 90 minutes and picked up a yellow card as Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo fired in four first-half goals for Brentford. The unlikely hammering won't help United's case when it comes to keeping hold of their best players before the transfer window slams shut.