Arsenal are "not far off" back-to-back Premier League champions Manchester City, claims ex-Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara. The Gunners have won their first three matches of the season for the first time in 19 years and sit top of the table. Arsenal have spent around £120million on new signings this summer. They have also welcomed William Saliba back into the squad following his loan spells away from the club. The Frenchman has excelled at the back, with new boys Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko making a massive impact. O'Hara believes signing another midfielder before the September 1 deadline is important for Mikel Arteta. However, he has been impressed with what he has seen so far. And he does not think there is a huge gap between Arsenal and City. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo U-turn, Newcastle eye double deal, Caicedo latest  O'Hara said on Sky Sports News: "I think in terms of the midfield, definitely if they can maybe add one, like Tielemans or someone like that from Leicester. If they get someone in like that then you're talking about a better squad. "But if you look at the bench, the bench isn't poor. Nketiah, Smith Rowe, Tierney, who was one of their main guys last season who everyone was like 'he should be the next Arsenal captain' - he can't get in the team. "So I wouldn't say they've got a weak squad, they've massively improved the XI. And now you're seeing with Jesus, Zinchenko, with [Gabriel] Martinelli who looks like he's really come strong. "I think Arsenal are going to be right there. In terms of catching Man City, that's the benchmark for everyone right now, I don't think they're there yet. But they're not far off it." DON'T MISSGarner’s reaction to Man Utd putting him up for sale as three clubs eye dealMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroTottenham flop 'in Nottingham Forest's sights' as new boys eye 17th signing  O'Hara was also on talkSPORT during Arsenal's 3-0 win over Bournemouth on Saturday. He compared their style of play to that of City and reckons they could be among the contenders come the end of the season. He said: "They are looking a bit special this Arsenal side. They look like Man City, in a way. "It's almost like they're playing like Pep Guardiola's Man City, it's almost a joy to watch. And I'm a Spurs fan. They're looking like a team that could actually be in amongst it." Arsenal will be aiming to continue their winning start to the season next Saturday when Fulham visit the Emirates. They then face Aston Villa at home four days later. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here