Liverpool have already been warned it will cost them £100million to land Wolves midfield maestro Ruben Neves before Thursday's transfer deadline. Jurgen Klopp has admitted he was "wrong" in believing his side did not need to bolster in the centre of this park this summer with the Reds now facing a race against time to sign a midfielder before the window slam shuts. Heading into the summer window, Liverpool were tipped to acquire a new all-action midfield enforcer, but after being pipped to the signing of Aurelien Tchouameni by Real Madrid, the Reds postponed those plans until next summer. Injuries have since ravaged Klopp's ranks, forcing the German into making a U-turn over his stubborn stance that they had enough options in the middle of the pitch. Speaking ahead of the Reds’ match against Bournemouth, Klopp confessed he had made a mistake, insisting his side did in fact require a new midfield recruit. He admitted: “I know we have had this discussion since it all started and I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder and you were all right and I was wrong. That’s the situation. “But the specific point doesn’t change – we will do something but it has to be the right one. We are looking for it and if it is the right player we need him and if it is not the right player we don’t need him.” JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta burns bridges with Aubameyang as Chelsea transfer edges closer With the clock ticking towards Thursday's transfer deadline, Liverpool now face a frantic scramble to satisfy their midfield needs. In recent days, Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong and Wolves' Ruben Neves have emerged as two of the Reds' top transfer targets, but signing the latter in particular will seemingly come at a significant cost. With Manchester United, Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur all understood to be eyeing a move for Neves coming into the summer transfer window, a defiant Bruno Lage insisted it would take a mammoth £100m for a potential suitor to prise the Portuguese star away from Molineux. Back in April, the Wolves boss declared: We need to be ready for everything. A player like Ruben Neves has a value of £100m. Anything can happen, not just with Ruben." DON'T MISS...Leao's stance on joining Chelsea as Todd Boehly prepares 'new offer'Man Utd prepare Asensio bid with Ten Hag 'determined' to land starMan Utd star Casemiro explains key part John Murtough played in Madrid exit The 25-year-old has been integral to Wolves' cause ever since signing back in 2017 having gone on to amass over 216 appearances for the club. Neves continues to be the commanding force in midfield for the West Midlands side, and with a wealth of Premier League experience under his belt, it is little wonder Klopp is an admirer. With a matter of days left in the current transfer window, it remains to be seen just how desperate the Liverpool boss will be to add the Portuguese playmaker to his ranks. Having insisted the Reds didn't require any more additions, Klopp may well be forced into conducting one of the biggest deals of the summer in order to solve his current midfield crisis.