PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo has confirmed interest from Manchester United, at a time where the club are eyeing both the Dutchman and Antony. The Red Devils want more transfer business as they look to back Erik ten Hag. And, with the clock ticking, it’s possible the fallen Premier League giants will swoop for two attackers late in the window. Manchester United are set to sign Antony from Ajax, with the 22-year-old poised to become the club’s fifth signing of the transfer window after previous deals for Casemiro, Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen. However, Ten Hag is also believed to be open to signing Gakpo as well. The PSV star is regarded as one of European football’s hottest prospects after scoring 12 goals and registering 12 assists in the Eredivisie last term. He’s already netted three goals and clocked up the same amount of assists from just three league matches this term. And Gakpo, speaking to ESPN after his side’s 6-1 win over Excelsior, has now confirmed interest from United. "There are also other options, United are a serious option,” he said. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers “I can hear it all. I try to shut myself off from it, but it's difficult." United have long had Antony as their main attacking aim, with Ten Hag previously managing the Brazil international over in Amsterdam. But with Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future still up in the air, it’s feasible Gakpo will arrive as well amid claims PSG would let him go for a fee of around £40m. Ronaldo still wants to depart, with the Portugal international reluctant to play in the Europa League as he enters the twilight years of his career. So far, only a team from Saudi Arabia has lodged an official offer - but the 37-year-old would prefer to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football instead. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Signing two forwards in the same window could also pave the way for several players to leave on loan. Antony Elanga has started recent Premier League wins over Liverpool and Southampton yet, while he’s looked bright, there’s a sense he’d benefit from a temporary move away. Amad has barely played for United since arriving from Atalanta in January 2021, with some inside the club feeling he needs another spell away to boost his chances of making the grade in the future. And it’s a similar story for Facundo Pellistri, too, with the Uruguay international unlikely to get much regular action this season. Deals for Gakpo and Antony would also up the pressure on the likes of Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Both players have started all of Ten Hag’s four matches in the dugout so far and have been much-improved in recent showings against Liverpool and Southampton. They remain inconsistent, however, especially after toiling under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. And Gakpo and Antony signing on the dotted line would mean the pair would have to finally achieve consistency to keep their places in the side. Speaking after his side’s 1-0 win over Southampton on Saturday, meanwhile, Ten Hag confirmed the club would ‘strike’ if the right players became available. “If a good player is available we will strike. We will be alert until the last second of the window,” he said. And, on his side’s win, he added: "I think the players learnt some lessons from Brentford. We were more compact on the long balls. Of course we were really happy. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “The goal we created, we could have made more. You hope to have more control in the last 30 minutes of the game. "Before half time we already had the best chance of the game. I was satisfied. At the start of the game we could have created more. “It is the start of the season, it is tough. You have to battle and we did that today so we were rewarded. "It was a fantastic finish. I am really happy for Bruno [Fernandes]. But I think it was the best part of us. We kept control straight after half time. We moved it around and we created three really good chances straight after half time and that is how I want us to play. "I still feel there is room for improvement, to control more, but we are not that long in our way. We can improve that is clear." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here