Ronnie (played by Vinta Morgan) was introduced last year as the brother of established Coronation Street character, Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) and he was at the centre of a huge paternity storyline as there was some confusion over who Michael Bailey's (Ryan Russell) father was. The heartthrob of Weatherfield has also started a relationship with Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney) and this results in him getting involved in Ryan Connor's (Ryan Prescott) criminal plot in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. However, with it looking more likely the young man is going to prison, Ronnie could make contact with someone he knows serving time behind bars and someone who he put there. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Ryan is in huge trouble after the bistro CCTV picked up on him stealing money from the safe. With the youngster having been arrested in this week's instalments, he ends up being charged with robbery and criminal damage. He is instructed to attend magistrates’ court the next day so the judge can pass sentence on him as punishment for his actions. Although Ryan hopes there will be a last-minute bit of hope for him, Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) tells him the evidence is damning. Needing to find a way out of being sent down, Ryan tells Debbie he knows a way she could help him out after getting him into trouble. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne Ryan explains to Debbie he thinks they should stage a fake break-in so it looked like a masked gunman was forcing him to steal the money from the safe. Not wanting to get herself into trouble, Debbie refuses to help and this leaves the young heartthrob in further despair. As Ryan takes matters into his own hands, he is caught by Ronnie who advises the young man that he needs to accept his fate. Although he is desperate to run away if he cannot amend the footage, he is convinced to not make matters worse for himself. Therefore, with Ronnie in attendance for support, Ryan turns up at the magistrates’ court to receive his punishment. Standing in the dock, Ryan pleads guilty to the crime and the judge accepts this before making their verdict on the sentencing. It's not been revealed what will happen to Ryan but it could be he will be sentenced to several years behind bars for the crimes he committed. Feeling like a spare part on the cobbles, he would accept this and not fight it. With Ronnie in his corner, acting like a father figure, he would at least know there would be someone on his side who might pay him the occasional visit. However, what Ryan might not be expecting is to Meer Ronnie's son in prison, who is serving time in jail for beating someone up. DON'T MISS...Jack James Ryan bids emotional farewell to Corrie co-star amid exit [COMMENT]Jennie McAlpine weight loss: How she lost 2st and keeps slimmer figure [ANALYSIS]Corrie’s Jack P. Shepherd suffers nightmare public transport journey [COMMENT] It could transpire he doesn't have the best relationship with his father because it could have been Ronnie who committed the crime. Not wanting to give up the life he had, Ronnie would have convinced his son to take the wrap and promised him he would keep in touch and make his life better once he was out of prison. Contacting his son, Ronnie could ask him to keep an eye on Ryan but the young man could have other plans in mind having received this news. Unable to see Ryan go through the same pain he did with his father's fake promises, Ronnie's son could tell him not to trust the businessman. Will Ryan take this advice on board and cut all ties with the man he has come to see as a father figure and will this result in his exit from the show? The actor who plays Ryan, Ryan, has spoken out about the future of this storyline and how lost his character feels at the moment. On whether Ryan would tell the truth about how Debbie used him as a pawn, Ryan explained: "He could tell Jenny as well and not be thrown out on the street but he doesn’t. "The opportunity to get the money, invest in the bar, leave and go back to Ibiza is still a brighter situation for Ryan than having nothing in Weatherfield. "He needs to keep that option open as this one closes because within days the whole street seems to know and turns against him. "He’s walking around carrying a lot of shame so for him to continue he at least needs to have an option, and as long as Debbie’s out there trying to sort the insurance claim then there’s still an option for him to leave." On why he won't turn Debbie in, Ryan added: "I think he’s confused more than anything, shocked initially, yes he’s not the sharpest tool in the box but he’s not soft. "He could bring her into this at any time but I’m not sure he will for two reasons. One, he’s developing a relationship with her, their friendship is sort of a blessing in disguise and he does see that she’s drowning in debt and he can relate. "Two if she goes down then there’s no way for them to claim the insurance. "As long as she isn’t caught there’s still a way for him to get his cut of the money, even if the worst happens and he has to do some jail time, then he can make his escape from Weatherfield after that." Will Ryan be bidding farewell to the cobbles for good and upon Ronnie Bailey's son being released from prison, will he arrive in Weatherfield and cause problems for his father? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.