A tropical weather system will push temperatures in parts into the mid-20Cs through the next 48 hours, forecasters say. The so-called Azores High will join forces with another high-pressure system bearing down from Scandinavia. Together they will bring a bank-holiday blast of glorious sunshine and warmth which promises to hold out into September. James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, said: “It is good news for the bank holiday, with many parts of the country now expecting warm and settled conditions and temperatures rising into the 20Cs. “This is due to high pressure, and there is the potential for that high pressure to rise during the final week of August and into the start of September. “This means there is a good chance of some very warm conditions during the start of next month.” Although much of the UK will enjoy a final boost of summer joy this weekend, southern regions will see the highest temperatures. The mercury will hit 25C across the West Country on Monday while the rest of southern England hovers between 20C and 25C. Central and northern England, and Scotland, will be cooler with temperatures peaking at around 17C. Coastal regions especially will feel a seasonable chill as easterly winds drive thermometers down, forecasters warn. However, much of the country will continue to bask in warm sunshine through the rest of the week. Netweather forecaster Ian Simpson said: “An easterly wind will pick up starting on Monday, resulting in generally cooler weather establishing near North Sea coasts, particularly in eastern Scotland and north-east England, with highs of around 16 to 18C. “The highest temperatures for much of next week will generally be in the south-west, with inland parts of south-west England reaching around 25C.” The bank holiday blaze will bring to an end a historic summer which brought the highest temperatures ever recorded in the UK. The Met Office confirmed the record had fallen on July 18 when 40.3C was measured at Coningsby, in Lincolnshire. Records also fell in Wales and Scotland, with a raft of new local high temperatures being set. Summer has also been exceptional in terms of rainfall, with parts of the country suffering the driest July on record. The drought crisis continues to bite, with no significant rain in the forecast through the rest of the month. High pressure will persist in dominating the weather through the next week, according to the Met Office. Meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “We are entering the final stretch of what has been a remarkable summer, with exceptional heat especially in the south and the southeast and exceptional lack of rainfall. “It is a warming trend through the weekend, and part of the reason is we will see more of a continental feed because of high pressure becoming centred over Scandinavia. “Really through the middle part of next week it will stay largely dry with sunny spells and throughout next week and into the following weekend that is the most likely weather pattern.” Coral bookmakers have cut the odds on the hottest August Bank Holiday from 4-1 to 2-1, with 4-5 on a scorching September. Spokesman John Hill said: “We look set for a glorious bank holiday weekend, and our betting even suggests it could be the hottest August bank holiday we have ever had in the UK.” Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, and author of Weather Or Not? said: “The bank holiday will come under the influence of the Azores High and another high-pressure system over Scandinavia, and these two systems will twin up. “Southern regions especially will see some warm temperatures, and for most it is looking like a very pleasant weekend.”