A hearing loss age test claiming to tell you the age of your ears is going viral after shocking users of the app TikTok. Created by music CEO Jarred Jermaine and shared by fitness coach Justin Agustin, the test has users worried. The test, which you can try for yourself here, plays a high-pitched noise, which becomes increasingly higher as a number decreases on screen. The number on the screen a the point TikTok users stop hearing the noise is supposedly their hearing age. Commenters were shocked by their own results using the app. One wrote: "46 at 15 years old...uhm that's probably not good news." Another wrote: "There’s no way I’m 22 and it’s silent on 38." "I hope this is not serious," another wrote, "I got 67...I'm 32. READ MORE: Star Samantha Baines on learning to love her deafness and wanting 'designer' hearing aids It is normal for hearing to decline as we age, more so if we are exposed to loud noises. If you are worried about your hearing, it's important to seek a professional opinion. Audiology expert Asa Richard Hear More has advised on how people can preserve their hearing. He said: “We all want to preserve our hearing as best we can, and in the digital age we’re moving into - sounds of the outside world can be detrimental to our ear health. DON'T MISSShingles symptoms: The key sign putting you at risk [HEALTH] Kaye Adams 'scary' hearing diagnosis - 6 signs of the condition [EXPERT] Dementia: The sign to look out for during a conversation [WARNING] "When it comes to maintaining relationships and connections with our loved ones and those in our lives, our hearing is an essential component to ensuring we are fully present and able to participate to the best of our ability. "Whether it’s experiencing a life event like weddings, funerals or being told good news, our hearing plays a vital role in all of these scenarios. "Hearing allows us to engage, listen, laugh and participate in the world around us. "But if we have poor hearing; we may feel as though we are missing out on these special moments." Asa Richard said: "There is a multitude of things that can affect your hearing, from illness, changes in air pressure and regularly listening to music at high volumes. "Frequent exposure to sounds over 70 decibels can impact your hearing and cause hearing issues, and over time can result in hearing loss. "The louder you’re listening to music, the quicker your hearing will deteriorate. "Loud noise such as music can damage cells and membranes, which can cause the cells to die and will result in progressive hearing loss as long as the exposure continues." There are a few ways to protect your hearing and reduce the risk of hearing loss.