Some holidaymakers blamed the difficulties on the fact that the machines' default language is Welsh. They said because they couldn't work out how to change the language to English, they weren't able to understand how to use the machine, and therefore had no choice but to drive away. Tourists Tom and Diane Edwards were on holiday in Aberystwyth and wanted to go to Aberaeron for the day. However, they hadn't been able to park in the town as they didn't know how to use the ticket machine in the car park. "So many people have told us how nice Aberaeron is so we thought we'd come down for a couple of hours," the couple told BBC Wales. "But you can't use the machine, we've tried to [pay] daily but it's only [showing to pay] weekly. READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'avoid' 2 types of trousers to get free upgrade "We've just tried for seven to eight minutes and we're going now because we just can't use it." Another holidaymaker, Verena Edgeworth from Bristol, also experienced difficulties. She said: "I couldn't even work out how to select the language properly and then it kept coming up as weekly and I wanted just two hours." The situation had made Verena feel "awkward and annoyed". DON'T MISS: Flight attendant on suitcase packing hack to 'save maximum space' [COMMENT]Passport warning: ‘Most important’ rule change since Brexit [INSIGHT]Pilot share top packing item - ‘your best friend’ [EXPLAINER] "If I hadn't been able to pay I would have just driven back to where I'm staying," she added. Shop owner Lucy Watson agreed that the ticket machines were difficult to use, saying: "Locals and shopkeepers are talking about how it's more and more difficult to nip into town and do their regular shopping." Cerdin Price, a business owner based in Lampeter, added: "People come to town, they can't use these machines, because they are not easy at all." Ceredigion councillor Elizabeth Evans, of the Liberal Democrats, said the machines "must be changed". She continued: "People are not using them, as we've seen this morning, because they can't use them, and driving off. "Visitors are driving off out of Aberaeron and that's a massive impact for local businesses. Small businesses are complaining, not just in Aberaeron, but in Lampeter and in Aberteifi as well. "If you're older and there's a queue behind you, it puts a lot of pressure on you to use it." Ms Evans added that the problems with the machines had started when they were first installed in 2020, and "nothing" has changed since. However, Ceredigion council said it understood the machines were used by five other Welsh local authorities and the information provided at the machines to support the public had been updated and improved to reflect people's feedback and experiences. In a statement, it added: "Following a system upgrade during the summer 2022, the processing and speed of transactions has improved." Reports of difficulties with the machines in Ceredigion come just days after locals spotted a long queue at a car park in Rhyl, North Wales. This was also due to problems with a pay and display parking machine. The machine gave instructions in Welsh, before failing to recognise debit cards. Denbighshire county council explained there was an option for non-Welsh speakers to change the language to English by pressing a button, but it seemed some holidaymakers could not see this button. It said in a statement: "Our pay and display machines default to Welsh, but there is a large grey 'language button' that people can press to change the language. "This is explained on the machines; however, customer service management is also patrolling to assist customers on site." Welsh locals took to social media to discuss the parking machine issues, with some expressing their fury at the people complaining about the use of the Welsh language. Ethan Jones wrote: "Honestly, sick and tired of tourists and unionist politicians on this topic. The machine is by default in Cymraeg, with an obvious button to switch it to English. "Welsh in Wales should not be controversial. Check your entitlement and respect where you're visiting." Morgan said: "They need to get over it." Sion Jobbins commented: "It's Wales, we speak Welsh, clue is in the name. Wales isn't England." Luke Evetts wrote: "In all seriousness though, they are difficult to use - regardless of language. I've had to talk my grandparents through it over the phone, and other people have stopped me as I've walked through that car park (Welsh and English speakers - tourists and locals)." Twitter user @up_the_bwlch added: "Nothing to do with the language, it's easy enough to select the language...the rest of the process is a complete nightmare...putting in your reg no, selecting the time or hours visit and then trying to get your card to work is a mare, or even cash as it throws half your coins back!"