Manchester United have promised Frenkie de Jong they will match his Barcelona salary as they aim to bring him to Old Trafford, according to reports. Erik ten Hag’s need for the Netherlands international was evident in Sunday’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton. And though the Red Devils are targeting Adrien Rabiot, they seem to be open to landing both players. Manchester United’s pursuit of De Jong has now entered its 13th week. The Red Devils first registered an interest in the Barcelona star back in May, shortly after it was confirmed Ten Hag would be their new manager, and have proceeded to agree an initial £63million deal with their La Liga counterparts. On Monday, it has emerged United are also working on a deal for Juventus star Rabiot, too. A fee has supposedly been agreed for the former Paris Saint-Germain midfielder, who has just a year left on his contract over in Italy. United remain committed to signing De Jong, however, having spent nearly a quarter of a year battling to land the 25-year-old. And Catalan newspaper Sport say the Red Devils have promised to match the salary the Barcelona star earns in Catalonia as they look to bring him in. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative De Jong earns close to £360,000-a-week at the Nou Camp, with Barcelona making a huge financial gesture to beat both PSG and Manchester City to the former Ajax star in 2019. And if United do end up recruiting him, De Jong will be the club’s second-highest earner - behind only Cristiano Ronaldo. However, any deal isn’t straightforward. Chelsea have also made the same promise to De Jong, with the west London giants emerging as genuine suitors for the player amid the uncertainty over his future. Yet Thomas Tuchel, speaking after the Blues’ 1-0 win over Everton on Saturday, played down interest from west London. "Yeah, if we can add, we add,” Tuchel told Sky Sports. “Maybe not necessarily a midfielder as a first option but we’re open for everything. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join “I think we can use new energy, new legs and fresh input to bring us to a new level. “If not, then we will push this team but I think we could use some more input and some more quality. We’re on it but we will not tell you [who]." United remain calm over De Jong’s situation. But one thing holding up a deal is the money Barcelona owe their prized asset after he agreed to take a pay cut when the coronavirus crisis first struck in March 2020. De Jong is believed to be owed between £14m and £17m in deferred wages. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And, though Barcelona have spent big on the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha and Jules Kounde, they’re currently reluctant to fork out the full amount. Former United star Jaap Stam, meanwhile, has claimed De Jong DOES want to move to Old Trafford this summer. “My feeling is that Frenkie de Jong will come here,” he said. “At (Manchester United) they know for a long time that Frenkie de Jong wants to come otherwise they would never push this long to get it done. “It’s just a money issue for now.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. De Jong and Rabiot aren’t the only players United are interested in as the clock ticks down. They’re also keen to land a new forward to deputise for Cristiano Ronaldo when the Portugal international is injured or needs a rest. And Marko Arnautovic is now on the Red Devils’ radar. The Austria international scored 14 goals from 33 Serie A appearances after joining Bologna last summer. Whether they’re successful in bringing him in, however, after already seeing one bid turned down is something only time will tell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here