Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has hinted that Darwin Nunez could grace the Kop for the first time in Monday night's Premier League clash against Crystal Palace. Nunez could make his first start for the Reds in what will also be his home debut since joining in an £85m deal from Benfica this summer. The 23-year-old striker has come off the bench to score in both of his Liverpool appearances so far, first in the Community Shield to seal a 3-1 triumph over Manchester City. He then netted Liverpool's first equaliser in their disappointing 2-2 draw against Fulham in last weekend's league opener at Craven Cottage. Supporters have been itching to see him in action from the off, with Roberto Firmino starting the season as Klopp's first-choice striker. And the Liverpool boss has hinted that Nunez will at least be on display as Anfield welcomes back its home support. He wrote: "There are some new faces, of course, and they will all be seen. If not tonight, then certainly as the season goes on. The big positive is they are already settling into their new surroundings, whether that be the club, the city or the dressing room. Liverpool is a welcoming city, so it makes sense that we are a welcoming club." JUST IN: Tottenham plot surprise move for Man Utd's James Garner  Midfield signing Fabio Carvalho could also get the chance to make his official Anfield debut after joining from Fulham. With Thiago Alcantara, Curtis Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ruled out through injury, Klopp could throw his new boy into the deep end early on. But he has other options at his disposal to line up alongside Fabinho and club captain Jordan Henderson as Naby Keita returns from illness. Harvey Elliott could also be handed a starting berth against the Eagles, who started their campaign miserably with a 2-0 home defeat by Arsenal. READ MORE: Thiago Silva's wife sends angry message to Chelsea after snub  Calvin Ramsay is Klopp's third and potentially final summer signing, but the 19-year-old is unlikely to make his debut against Palace. It presents a must-win game for Liverpool after falling five points behind title rivals Man City already amid the champions' perfect start. Nunez has settled into life in English football just as well as Erling Haaland at the dawn of what could be a Golden Boot rivalry to remember. After the latter's Premier League debut brace at West Ham United on the opening weekend, he will be vying the level the tallies and even move ahead when he walks out at Anfield for the first time.