The BBC presenter made an unexpected appearance on TV during Saturday night’s Ninja Warrior UK. Taking to social media, Helen shared snippets of her time at the ITV show as she thanked the presenters for having them.  Sitting in the crowd, the 39-year-old shared a clip of her boys getting involved with the ITV series, as they chanted ‘beat the wall’ with the rest of the crowd. The star captioned the sweet video “Thank you” before tagging presenters Rochelle Humes, Ben Shephard and Chris Kammy. Documenting her time on the show with her 317,000 Instagram followers, another snap showed her two sons talking to a member of the production team. Standing behind Ernie and Louis, Helen followed them as they got a tour of the obstacle course. She simply captioned the image of them both “Bts”.    It looked as though her eldest, Ernie, was prepared to get involved with the show as he held onto two red foam fingers under his arm. The Ninja Warrior UK family day out, comes after the Countryfile presenter shared her and baby Elsie having some fun in an outdoor pool earlier in the week. Wearing a gingham navy swimsuit, the mum-of-three smiled at the tot as she lifted her out of the pool into the air. The BBC presenter said: "You wouldn’t believe it, but it’s Cumbria, hands up if you’re from the Eden Valley and spent your summers in an unheated outdoor pool?? #lido #summer #villagepool #schoolhols #cumbrian."   Helen and Richie had been married for eight years before they announced their split earlier this year.Taking to her social media at the time, Helen informed her fans that Richie was no longer living at the family home. She said: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple.”   The presenter added: “He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." Before confirming the split, she shared a cryptic post which read: "A mama is always full of emotions, full of love, full of anxiety and worries, full of exhaustion and lack of energy, full of mum guilt and doubt, full of pride in her kids, full of pure joy. “She feels it all, that’s the beauty of her, she carries it all too, and yet she gets up every day and does it all over again."  Recent photos of Richie and Stephanie show them smitten together on a holiday down in Cornwall. With their arms wrapped around each other, the 32-year-old said the trip was worth the “32-year wait”. (sic) His new beau replied: “Thanks for the best weekend! LOVE YOU.” 