The actor’s career is already skyrocketing after his one-episode appearance in NCIS last year. After starring alongside TV legend Mark Harmon in the 18th season of CBS’s hit drama, Dominique Columbus will co-star against Jake Gyllenhaal as well as breakouts from The Suicide Squad, The White Lotus, No Time To Die and more in the upcoming Road House reboot. Dominique has joined the ensemble cast of Amazon Prime Video’s revamp of the hit 1989 film Road House. Originally starring Patrick Swayze, Jake Gyllenhaal will star as the iconic bar cooler who protects his small town from corruption. Jake will be teaming with filmmaker Doug Liman, director of hit action films Mr and Mrs Smith and Edge of Tomorrow. Former NCIS star Dominique has now been announced alongside No Time to Die’s Billy Magnussen and The Suicide Squad’s Daniela Melchior as part of the main cast. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring Filling out the ensemble will be Gbemisola Ikumelo, Lukas Gage, Hannah Love Lanier, Travis Van Winkle, BK Cannon, Arturo Castro, Beau Knapp and Bob Menery. Dominique is recently known for portraying Corey Jackson in a 2021 episode of NCIS, The First Day. He has also had recurring roles in Ray Donovan and Into the Vault. In a statement, Amazon Studios head Jennifer Salke said: “Road House is a homerun for us.” “Not only is it a nod to fans of the original, but it is also a big, fun, broad audience movie. “We are thrilled to collaborate with Joel [Silver, producer], Doug, and this great cast led by Jake Gyllenhaal. “And for them to come together to reimagine the classic MGM film as an action-packed adventure for our global audience.” The new version of the cult classic will swap its Missouri setting for the sunny beaches of the Florida Keys. DON'T MISS:Stranger Things season 5: Writers drop major production update [LATEST]Below Deck Med fans demand Raygan fired after Sandy error [REACTION]NCIS’ Pauley Perrette divides fans with furious rant 'SO mad!' [COMMENT] Jake will portray a former UFC fighter who takes a job as a bouncer and soon discovers his new paradise is hiding a seedy underbelly. Producer Joel added: “The original Road House has a special place in my heart and I am so excited to bring this newly imagined version to audiences around the world. “Doug and I have each made some big, boisterous action movies and are ready to bring everything we have to this one.” And Doug said: “I’m thrilled to put my own spin on the beloved Road House legacy.” “And I can’t wait to show audiences what Jake and I are going to do with this iconic role.” The director has most recently worked on the dystopian film Chaos Walking and Covid drama Locked Down. Film star Jake is fresh off roles in action films Ambulance, Spider-Man: Far From Home and thriller The Guilty, and will next be seen in Guy Ritchie’s upcoming film The Interpreter and lending his voice to Disney’s Strange World. NCIS season 20 premieres Monday, September 19 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.