The first horsey-set chronicle, Riders, made into a TV film in 1993, starred Marcus Gilbert as wealthy womaniser Rupert Campbell-Black. Makers hope the new version will echo the success of novel-based period drama Bridgerton, which was launched on Netflix in 2020. Bridgerton, with its risque scenes and extravagant costumes, was an instant hit. Rivals, published in 1988, explores the cut-throat world of independent TV and the rivalry between two of Rutshire's most powerful men, which is on the cusp of boiling over. Former Olympian and MP Rupert this time locks horns with neighbour Tony Baddingham, who controls independent franchise Corinium Television. As the rivalry intensifies, secrets, alliances and snatched liaisons see wives, lovers, colleagues, friends and families drawn into the battle. The actor who plays Rupert is yet to be announced and Jilly said: "I cannot wait to see who will be stepping into his shoes. Let the hunt for our Rupert Campbell-Black commence!" She will be an executive producer, along with DominicTreadwell-Collins, Alexander Lamb, Felicity Blunt and Laura Wade. The author, inset, said: "I am so, so excited. Throughout my childhood, my favourite word was Disney." "And, by a miraculous coincidence, greater-than-ever Disney are joining forces with an utterly brilliant drama company, Happy Prince, to turn my novel into a TV series." "I know they will bring the boardroom battles and love triangles of my characters to life - particularly those of my devastatingly handsome hero." The actor who plays Rupert is yet to be announced and Jilly said: "I cannot wait to see who will be stepping into his shoes. Let the hunt for our Rupert Campbell-Black commence!" She will be an executive producer, along with Dominic Treadwell-Collins, Alexander Lamb, Felicity Blunt and Laura Wade. The author, inset, said: "I am so, so excited. Throughout my childhood, my favourite word was Disney." "And, by a miraculous coincidence, greater-than-ever Disney are joining forces with an utterly brilliant drama company, Happy Prince, to turn my novel into a TV series." "I know they will bring the boardroom battles and love triangles of my characters to life - particularly those of my devastatingly handsome hero."