Ants need water, food and shelter to survive and will often enter homes and gardens in search of it. Jordan Foster, pest management expert at Fantastic Pest Control said: “With all these three things, they start to reproduce. They usually go on food foraging expeditions throughout their environment during the summer. It doesn’t take much to attract ants, and therefore it’s essential to clean up any spills or leftover food immediately. “The majority of people do not use pesticides or chemicals in their homes. “Well, stores offer many bug repellents, including ants repellents. “But what I hear the most from people is that they have kids, pets, or are strictly anti-chemicals and are looking for alternative ways to fight household problems such as pests.” The expert recommended using boric acid to get rid of house ants. READ MORE: House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ He said to spread it around the ants’ entry points. Boric acid “acts as a repellent” and the pests won’t cross the line. Similarly, chalk can be used in the same way. Jordan said: “Draw with chalk under doors, nearby windows, around cracks, or wherever you've noticed ants appear.” DON'T MISS:How to stop ants nesting in your plant pots - ‘deters’ pests [COMMENT]Peace lily: ‘Vital’ care tips for ‘difficult’ plant [EXPLAINER]Three ‘simple steps’ to protect the lawn through a drought [INSIGHT]  Coffee grounds and cayenne pepper can be used around the garden too. The expert said there is “little chance of them crossing” the lines of cayenne. Jordan added that cinnamon, curry powder or baby powder can be used too. The only thing Britons need to do is reapply after rain and the line gets damaged. READ MORE: Kate Winslet’s quiet life in £4million West Sussex property Even talcum powder can keep ants away. This is a great option for those with children or pets as it is safer to use. The pest expert continued: “Other scents ants don't like that can drive them away from your home lemon, orange, cinnamon, peppermint, and black pepper. “You can use either one in the form of powder or mixed with a little bit of water to spray ants' entry points and keep them off your property. “Find the anthill and pour boiling water inside if you want to be drastic. “However, if you want never to worry about ants in your house, make sure you don't offer them food and water. “That's what they come looking for. Keep your kitchen or basement clean and tidy. “Vacuum regularly, don't keep dirty dishes in the sink for too long and don't keep your garbage can open. “If you know the weak spots in your house - all cracks and crevices near doors and windows, fix them. You will prevent ants and other insects from entering your home.” Essential oils can also deter ants as particular ones can smell strong. The expert said this was an “effective” method and recommended tea tree oil, peppermint oil, lemon and clove.