Tottenham are closing in on the signing of 19-year-old Udinese left-back Destiny Udogie, according to wide-ranging reports. The highly-rated Italian would be Antonio Conte’s seventh signing of a vastly successful summer. Spurs have spent around £90million on the likes of Richarlison, Yves Bissouma and Djed Spence. A £21m deal for Udogie has been agreed with Udinese, who could take the starlet back on loan for the remainder of the season. That would continue a remarkable summer for Spurs and Conte, who are desperate to make the most of Champions League qualification. But they could continue their investment in a bid to challenge Manchester City and Liverpool for the Premier League title. Express Sport looks at who Conte could still add to his squad. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd make breakthrough, Double Chelsea exit Spurs have been linked with a move for Roma attacker Nicolo Zaniolo. The Italian has impressed for former Spurs boss Jose Mourinho in Serie A. The 23-year-old scored eight goals and provided a further nine assists across all competitions last season. He would be an excellent addition to Conte’s strong attacking options, and could be rotated with Richarlison and Dejan Kulusevski. A major stumbling block is that wide reports claim Spurs have been quoted a price tag of around £42m. That, coupled with Mourinho’s presumed reluctance to do his former club a favour, might make a transfer difficult to negotiate. DON'T MISS...Man Utd and Chelsea given Frenkie de Jong hope as error emergesTottenham expect to reach 'full agreement' as Paratici's focus changesEverton could complete three signings this week with deal already done Leicester playmaker James Maddison has been linked with a transfer from the King Power Stadium. Newcastle have failed in successive bids for the England international. Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Maddison will not be sold and that Newcastle’s £40m bid would not be enough to buy just one of the 25-year-old’s limbs. But Leicester need to sell before they can complete their own business. They are the only Premier League club not to make a senior signing during the summer transfer window. Spurs have not been strongly linked with Maddison, but CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs insists that Conte is a fan of the former Norwich City ace. He would be a good addition to either the midfield or the forward line. Conte was keen to sign a left-footed centre-back at the start of the transfer window. Inter Milan's Alessandro Bastoni was earmarked as a target who could play on the left side of defence. A transfer was initially ruled out, with the player's agent suggesting that Bastoni will remain at Inter for the 2022-23 season. However, the 22-year-old's future remains unclear as Inter need to recoup funds after bringing Romelu Lukaku back to the club. Director Giuseppe Marotta conceded that Inter need to sell players and that shifting a defender would be easier than most other positions. That could open the door for Spurs to rekindle their interest in Bastoni.