Manchester City star Erling Haaland was told off by Sky Sports reporter Geoff Shreeves for swearing live on TV during his post-match interview after scoring twice in their 2-0 win over West Ham. Haaland showed glimpses of what to expect from him in the Community Shield defeat to Liverpool last week.  And the 22-year-old didn't take long to mark his Premier League debut with the first of what will likely be many goals in his career at City. Haaland brilliantly won a penalty for his side after a darting run in the box before being fouled by Alphonse Areola. He duly stuck the spot-kick away and he doubled his tally for the afternoon midway through the second half with a brilliant finish after being played through by Kevin De Bruyne. On a hat-trick, it was clear his City team-mates were doing everything to try and find their star striker. And Haaland had a great chance to grab his third of the day when Ilkay Gundogan chipped into the box with Haaland running free of his marker, only to head over the bar. When asked if he felt he should have had more, Haaland said: "I should have been there [to connect with Ilkay Gundogan’s cross]. But Sky Sports were forced to bleep out the next part of his interview as he swore in his follow-up remark. "It was a bit s***, but it is what it is," he added. That prompted Shreeves to tell Haaland off for swearing with the Sky Sports reporter laughing as he said: "Steady with the language." Haaland was clearly caught off guard as he replied: "Oh s*** sorry." Realising he had just sworn a second time, the City striker briefly moved away from the camera while laughing.  After recomposing himself, Haaland was asked more about the game itself and even appeared to take a shot at some of his critics. “Also now it is almost 30 minutes since I scored the last goal so I have to keep going," Haaland said. Haaland already joins some esteemed company following his two goals against West Ham. Sergio Aguero was previously the only City player to score twice on their Premier League debut. That came back in the dramatic 2011/12 season where Aguero finished the campaign with an impressive 30 goals in all competitions. But his most important came in the historic 3-2 comeback win over QPR on the final day of the season to secure City's first Premier League title. Haaland is already being tipped to emulate the legendary City striker and he's got off to the perfect start. 