 Cameron Diaz rose to Hollywood stardom in the Nineties, with her acting prowess quickly transforming her from model to A-list celebrity. The blue-eyed actress took the film industry by storm, but the Hollywood ‘it’ girl said she was never comfortable with fame.   Diaz, now 49, was at the top of her game in the naughties, knocking out iconic characters and timeless films like The Mask, Charlie’s Angels and There’s Something About Mary. However, in 2018 the actress went into retirement at the age of 45, shocking fans and critics alike as just a few years earlier she was named the richest female celebrity. In a 2020 interview with Gwyneth Paltrow for her conversation series In Goop Health, Diaz revealed the reality of why she abandoned Hollywood. The Shrek actress explained she has a sensitivity “to certain energies” which became a hindrance to her mental health as she went on press tours and to highly publicised events. She said: “There’s a lot of energy coming at you at all times when you’re really visible. I’m sensitive to energies and I do get the overwhelming energy of the attention.” READ MORE: 'Oh my goodness!' Countdown star hides face as he's left mortified by BBC Breakfast host  In the late naughties, the star began to realise she was not happy with where she was in life, and by 2012 she decided to make a fresh start to see if that would help. She realised she “wanted different things out of life” and embarked on a soul-searching venture to find clarity. For all of her adult life, the actress had a strict focus on her film career, often moving non-stop between filming, promoting and moving on to the next project, starting when she  landed her first role at the age of 21. Discussing the controlling nature of the Hollywood system, she said: “They own you. You’re there 12 hours a day for months on end, you have no time for anything else and I realised I handed off parts of my life to all these other people and they took it. “I had to basically take it back and take responsibility for my own life.”  Diaz also claimed the industry “infantilised” actors as everything is taken care of for them. She continued: “Actors are infantilised. We’re put in a position where everything is taken care of for us. You go to the set and everybody wants to carry your bag. You know, you’re not allowed to do anything, god forbid something happens to you. “You’re responsible for all these multimillion-dollar pictures that you have to go out and do your press for. Your life just becomes so narrow and everybody’s doing things for you, you’re catered around. “I never felt truly comfortable with that, that wasn’t my comfort zone to be taken care of but I understood it was part of the job.” The infantilisation left Diaz feeling as though she had to take a hiatus just to prove to herself that she could take full control, responsibility and accountability for her life.    /showbiz/tv-radio/1659121/Shetland-Jimmy-Perez-replacement-Martin-Compston  She admitted that the hiatus, which turned into a retirement, taught her a lot, noting “it’s painful”. One particular aspect saw Diaz, with the help of her husband Benji Madden, confronting her detrimental self-esteem issues which had been manifesting throughout her years in Hollywood. She claimed “it crippled me” and that fighting to improve her self-esteem was “really challenging”. During the conversation, Paltrow – who has also spent most of her life in the spotlight – noted how despite both actresses having children, at one point in their careers both of them had vowed against it. Diaz claimed this was actually due to her self-esteem problems: “All of my ‘I’m not going to do this’ was just fear. I was just scared, I was afraid I wouldn’t find a partner, like I said self-esteem can really derail a person.”  Diaz has a daughter, Raddix, who was born in late 2019 via a surrogate. In a gushing Instagram post after the birth, the Good Charlotte guitarist took a moment to share his love for his wife and baby. Madden, 42, wrote: “My Wife and Daughter fill me up with so much gratitude. “Just wanted to say it out loud!!! Much Love & Best Wishes.” Knight and Day is airing on Channel 4 tonight at 6:50pm.