When the Duke of Cambridge presented Scott with her medal, he gave the England veteran a big hug. It was a poignant celebration for the 35-year-old who was part of the team which lost the Euro 2009 final to Germany. Palace protocol usually limits contact to a formal handshake between the public and members of the Royal Family. But Scott and the future king hugged in a moving embrace, but it was not the first time the pair made contact. William and Scott share a running joke stemming from the time she took the heir to the throne out. Scott explained previously: "It stems back to about 10 years ago when we did a charity event and I slipped and side-tackled him and actually wiped him out.  "The running joke whenever he sees us is, 'No yellow cards this tournament Jill!'." Years later, the Duke of Cambridge joked during a Kensington Palace kickabout that he still had a scar on his leg from the tackle. Scott was honoured with an MBE for her services to women's football in 2020, although she could not collect it in person because of Covid restrictions at the time. William reportedly sent her a handwritten letter, saying: "Keep up the good work."  READ MORE ABOUT A HOSEPIPE BAN  Scott has praised William on her BBC podcast Jill Scott's Coffee Club. She told listeners: "That’s probably the best thing I have ever received. "You know what? Next time I see him I might say, 'Can I come to Buckingham Palace?' He’s a great guy." The pair also share a football club - with Scott playing for William's favourite, Aston Villa.  DON'T MISS: ‘No way back’ Andrew's dream return to royal life in tatters [LATEST] Kate and Prince William urged to 'give up favourite perk' [REVEALED] Putin rocked as Zelensky's men obliterate 40-wagon train carrying ammo [REPORT] William, who is president of the Football Association, was among those supporting the Lionesses from the sidelines at Wembley Stadium. After the match he said it had been "wonderful to see history in the making". The Queen praised the team, saying their success went far beyond the trophy. She said in a statement: "My warmest congratulations, and those of my family, go to you all on winning the European Women's Football Championships. It is a significant achievement for the entire team, including your support staff.  "The Championships and your performance in them have rightly won praise. However, your success goes far beyond the trophy you have so deservedly earned. "You have all set an example that will be an inspiration for girls and women today, and for future generations. It is my hope that you will be as proud of the impact you have had on your sport as you are of the result today." The Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 after extra time in front of 87,000 supporters on Sunday, securing the first major tournament title for England since 1966. Alex Scott, a former England international, said the Lionesses' win would be a game changer in terms of raising the profile of women's football.  She told BBC Breakfast: "These Lionesses have raised the bar. They have changed the way women's football is viewed in this country. "The train has left the station and it is gathering pace. It will be tragic to take any steps back after what we have witnessed yesterday and through the whole tournament. "There must be an opportunity for every single girl to play football if they want to." 