Guenther Steiner has revealed Mick Schumacher must ‘score more points’ if he wants to receive a new Formula 1 contract from Haas. Schumacher has enjoyed a season of ups and downs in 2022 and there is speculation he could be without a drive for 2023. Schumacher is enjoying his second campaign in the pinnacle of motor racing after a scoreless rookie season. He finally opened his account at the British Grand Prix when he finished eighth - a position he improved upon at the following race in Austria with a P6 result. The German suffered a number of disappointing crashes before scoring his first F1 points at the British Grand Prix. Before he put in his impressive performance at Silverstone, he was involved in accidents in Saudi Arabia and Monaco that undoubtedly cost Haas millions to repair. With only nine races remaining before the end of the season, Schumacher is still looking for a seat after he missed out on the Aston Martin drive with Fernando Alonso replacing Sebastian Vettel. As the four-time world champion is set to retire, Schumacher will be the only German on the grid - if he has a seat. According to RacingNews365.com, contract talks between the 23-year-old and Haas are yet to begin. Asked what Schumacher needs to do to earn a new contract, Steiner was to the point as he told GPFans: “Score more points.” READ MORE: Red Bull chief Christian Horner opens up on long-term plans Team principal Steiner and Schumacher are reportedly at odds after a tense season following a number of errors, but the German has improved over the last few races. When quizzed if he has seen a change in Schumacher since he scored his first points, Steiner added: “No, I would say it started in Canada. “He was, in my opinion, a bit more chilled out, even if he didn't score points there. I don't know why that happened. I have no idea. Don't ask me why. “I just felt like he was a little bit more relaxed and then the race after the points came. Maybe it's got to do with that one. It's difficult to say with these guys, they have been racing for so long, they've got poker faces [masking] what they play and what they think.” DON'T MISSHamilton savaged in sarcastic comment as Mansell bigs up RussellFerrari told Binotto is 'not the one' to blame after recent disastersLewis Hamilton shows off ripped body and sculpted abs in gym clip Schumacher has links to Ferrari, and Steiner admitted any contract talks would be decided along with the Italian giants. Haas are not obliged to sign a Ferrari-backed driver for 2023 to pair alongside Kevin Magnussen. While Haas weigh up their options, Schumacher recently commented he is ‘ready’ for a move to Ferrari - but it is difficult to see how he would fit or improve their current line-up, given the duo of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz is considered particularly strong. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 28 after the four-week summer break.