While hair loss may be inevitable for some men, it can be exacerbated and accelerated by a range of factors. Chief pharmacist at Boots UK Marc Donovan explained: “Male pattern hair loss is the most common, but there are other less common causes of hair loss in men, including stress, illness, cancer treatment or a mineral deficiency.” Donovan added: “If you notice other symptoms along with your hair loss or have sudden hair loss, it could be a sign of an underlying condition and you should speak to your GP.” Subsequently, while hair loss is common, if MPB comes on suddenly, it could be a sign of something deeper which needs treatment. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may notice in the morning  While this may seem unnerving, this doesn’t mean hair loss signals the arrival of an incurable or deadly condition. Donovan said that hair loss “isn’t harmful to the person’s health although, as it can be upsetting and distressing, some men choose to try and treat their hair loss”. Furthermore, there are also a range of treatments available to men in the modern era “including shampoos and leave-in treatments that can help with the look and feel of your hair, adding body and volume”, added Donovan. Should these accoutrements fail, there are also a range of treatments which can be tried to help men recover or restore some of their lost hair.   Among these treatments are finasteride and minoxidil. These, say the NHS, “are the main treatments for male pattern baldness”. Furthermore, the latter chemical is also used for treating female pattern baldness. However, the NHS say there are some caveats to these treatments:• They do not work for everyone• They only work for as long as they’re used• They are not available on the NHS• Some can be expensive. While these treatments may be prohibitively expensive, there are other ways for men and women to treat or manage their hair loss. One of the most common, and increasingly popular, is a hair transplant. READ MORE: Polio: UK outbreak needs to be stopped in its tracks  A hair transplant is a procedure where hair is moved from an area of the body where it is growing effectively to an area where it isn’t. Such is the gravity of a hair transplant, the operation is normally carried out under local anaesthetic and sedation; this means the patient is conscious, but won’t feel any pain. There are two types of hair transplant, the follicular unit transplantation (FUT) and the follicular unit extraction (FUE). The main difference between the two lies in the nature of the process and complexity of the procedure.  During an FUT a thin strip of hair is removed and divided into pieces, these pieces are then placed into the scalp and grafted onto the rest of the hair. Meanwhile, an FUE involves the back of the head being shaved, before individual hairs are removed one by one and placed into their chosen position on the scalp. Although not the most serious of operations, in common with other procedures, a hair transplant requires recovery time in order for the operation to be effective. Furthermore, patients can still experience side effects including a tight, itchy, or swollen scalp or scarring from the operation. 