  Fiona Bruce is one of the most highly-regarded journalists working for the BBC, but that doesn’t stop her from having to deal with sexism in the industry, including critiques of her parenting style. The Question Time presenter clarified she is “not a career monster” in an interview last November.      Fiona, 58, is one of the highest paid and most respected journalists at the BBC, working across high-profile shows like Question Time, Fake or Fortune? and Antiques Roadshow. The news presenter made no secret of the fact that she is ambitious when it comes to her career, opening up about her work ethic in an interview last year. At the time she said: “I think you make your own chances in life. I’ve always felt I’m driven. If I see an opportunity, I’ll go for it.” Fiona has proved herself to be a trailblazer, becoming the first woman to present the News at Ten. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life    Despite her own outlook on her career, the TV presenter still felt the need to publicly justify how she balanced her many projects with her parenting responsibilities. The star recalled in the interview how she chose to return to work 16 days after giving birth. At the time, she felt it was necessary to tell the public: “I’m not some mad career monster.” Fiona shares two children with her husband Nigel Sharrocks, whom she met working at an advertising agency.     He went on to become managing director of Warner Brothers and the couple married in 1994 in Islington, North London. The pair welcomed their first child Sam four years later while Fiona was making her mark as a reporter on Newsnight. Fiona gave birth to daughter Mia in 2001, by which time she was presenting The Six O’Clock News and Crimewatch. Now at a different point in her life, Fiona reflected on how her children were now all grown up. READ MORE... Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [UPDATE] TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [LATEST] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [UPDATE]       “We took our daughter to university on Sunday,’ she told You Magazine at the time. “When we dropped her off she was happy, so it felt easier. Also, my son is working but living at home, so we’re not yet empty-nesting.” Among Fiona’s many memorable hosting jobs is Antiques Roadshow, which she began presenting in the late 90s. In a similar vein, she also helps hunt down hidden treasures in her show Fake Or Fortune? with art expert Philip Mould.     Fiona has famously hosted the BBC’s Question Time since January 2019, putting an emphasis on political neutrality to ensure issues are properly discussed. Question Time returns to BBC One on September 15 and will be broadcast from Birmingham. Fake or Fortune returns for a new season tonight at 8pm on BBC One. The full interview with Fiona Bruce can be found in You Magazine.   