Boris Johnson secured Britain's independence from the EU, negotiated an epic trade deal with Brussels, extinguished the threat of socialist rule under Jeremy Corbyn, transformed the appeal of his party, and delivered the world's most successful vaccine programme. He'd have achieved more if his executive talent matched his charisma. Unlike most leaders, he was brought down not primarily by policy failures or electoral defeat, but by the chaos of his administration, which reflected his unorthodox, mercurial personality. Nevertheless, as this poignant farewell interview with the Express reveals, he is rightly proud of his record in delivering so much and getting the big calls right. Without his leadership, neither Brexit nor the Tory landslide would have happened. Apart from pride, the other quality that shines through his words is his unquenchable optimism, especially about Britain's enduring capacity to shape its own destiny. This outlook helped win the EU referendum in 2016 and brought him to power in 2019 after Theresa May's dismal, deadlocked, downbeat reign. Even now, he is relentlessly upbeat, promising our national prospects will improve next year once we come through the current economic storm. He is perhaps going too far when he argues the "fundamentals" of the British economy are strong. It's wishful thinking, given the scale of imminent energy price hikes, as well as galloping inflation, the indebtedness of the state finances, the strain on public services, and the unprecedented levels of mass immigration. His government showed insufficient determination to tackle any of these worsening problems, although Labour have provided neither a convincing alternative leader nor a blueprint for revival. "Captain Crasheroonie Snoozefest" was his memorable description of Sir Keir Starmer at their final clash in Prime Minister's Questions. Precisely because of his ability to hammer the opposition, many Tory activists believe it was a sorry mistake to ditch Johnson. He agrees, and sees his downfall as a rank injustice built on MPs' treachery. But there was no trace of bitterness in his interview, as he vowed to lend all the support he can to his successor. Nor will Boris disappear from public life. An exciting world of lucrative new opportunities has opened up for him, as an author, newspaper columnist and public performer where his gifts for language and humour will be on full display. But he will be missed in politics, especially by many readers of this paper. He reciprocated this warmth. "I absolutely love 'em," he said while praising the Express's invaluable support for Brexit - for, as he recognises, it was our heroic stance that helped him secure his place in history.