Her Majesty is known for her love of corgis, having owned over 30 throughout her life as well as other breeds such as Dorgis and Labradors. She even once reportedly said: “My corgis are my family.”  Unfortunately one royal seems to disagree with the 96-year-old monarch and made a rather disparaging remark about the dogs. Princess Michael of Kent, who is no stranger to voicing her controversial opinions, said when she was asked about the Queen’s pets that they “should be shot”. She has also previously slammed the older royals as “boring” and even described the furnishings at Windsor Castle as “awful”. However, Her Majesty had a savage comeback prepared for Princess Michael’s insult, according to a royal author.  In the book ‘The Wicked Wit of Queen Elizabeth II’ the Queen snapped back: “They're [the corgis] are better behaved than she is!” Princess Michael married into the Royal Family in 1978 when she wed Prince Michael of Kent and the pair now have two children, Lord Frederick Michael George David Louis Windsor and Lady Gabriella Marina Alexandra Ophelia Kingston. Their two grandchildren Maud and Isabella Windsor are the daughters of Lord Frederick and his wife, actress Sophie Winkleman.  READ MORE: Three royals who only wore a royal tiara once - unlike Kate and Diana The Queen is known for her love of animals, especially dogs and horses, and her love for corgis was instilled from a young age. She got her first corgi Dookie when she was aged just seven, and famously took her beloved dog Susan with her on honeymoon in 1947. The monarch still has many dogs today, including her corgi Muick, her Dorgi Candy and her Pedigree Wolferton Drama named Lissy.  DON'T MISS:Prince Charles's future royal line-up outlined as shake-up planned [INSIGHT]'Tip of iceberg' Harry and Meghan poised to unleash new bombshells [REVEAL]Sophie and Edward getaway: Inside quaint taverna where royals went [SPOTLIGHT] Former royal butler Paul Kidd spoke about the royal dogs' rather fancy diet in the 2011 documentary ‘Royal Servants’. He said: “When I served lunch to the Queen for the very first time in my life, she picked the menu up, she said ‘What have I got for lunch?’ “And she’s reading the menu, she had her spectacles on and she put it back and she looked at me, gave me a beautiful smile and said ‘I think the dogs get better fed’.” 