British Airways has announced it is cancelling thousands of flights this autumn, and Ryanair has responded by revealing they have an extra 100,000 additional seats for customers to purchase this autumn/winter. It comes as Heathrow Airport introduced a passenger cap in July due to staff shortages. Tens of thousands of flights have already been cancelled this summer - mainly due to a lack of resources. Now, British Airways has said it will be making “further cancellations” as they continue to implement the passenger cap. Roughly 10,000 short-haul (domestic and European) flights to and from Heathrow Airport between late October and March 2023 will be affected. In total, this means nearly two millions seats will be taken out o the market, and as a result, travellers will have to pay higher fares for the remaining capacity. A BA spokesperson said: "While the vast majority of our customers will travel as planned, and we're protecting key holiday destinations over half-term, we will need to make some further cancellations up to the end of October. “In addition, we're giving customers travelling with us this winter notice of some adjustments to our schedule, which will include consolidating some of our short-haul flights to destinations with multiple services. "We'll be offering customers affected by any of these changes an alternative flight with British Airways or another airline, or the option of a refund." READ MORE: Kate Middleton spotted on commercial flight to affordable destination Ryanair, on the other hand, could provide those passengers whose BA flights have been cancelled, a chance at getting away on holiday. Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary said: "While hopeless Heathrow continues to cut flights and raise fares for families, Ryanair and London Stansted continue to add flights, and offer thousands of low-fare seats for the autumn mid-term break. “With over 500 additional flights, more than 100,000 additional seats and prices starting from just 29.99 euros (£25.29), Ryanair looks forward to welcoming thousands of additional families during the autumn mid-term break on its low-fare flights to/from London Stansted Airport. “While hopeless Heathrow continues to mismanage air travel, Ryanair and London Stansted will continue to grow and deliver for London families, the way we have through all of summer 2022." Ryanair insisted that it and Stansted have "more than sufficient staff to handle these additional flights". DON'T MISS... Easy way to clean a rug using homemade cleaning solution [EXPERT]Keep bread fresh for weeks with Warburton’s food storage hack [EXCLUSIVE]Tesco names UK's favourite types of potato - full list [DATA] In the short-term, BA is also cutting a dozen round trips per day, totalling 629 flights, until the end of October. Heathrow, which is BA’s main hub, has struggled to cope with rising passenger numbers and issues with its baggage handling systems have caused long delays in returning luggage. “Customers booked for winter will be able to travel as planned and are being given several months' notice of any changes,” the statement read. The airline said it was expecting to operate an average of 290 round-trips per day from London Heathrow over the winter. READ MORE: Ryanair passengers forced to wait 26hrs to fly home to Manchester Last week, Heathrow chief commercial officer Ross Baker said: "Our primary concern is ensuring we give our passengers a reliable service when they travel. That's why we introduced temporary capacity limits in July which have already improved journeys during the summer getaway. "We want to remove the cap as soon as possible, but we can only do so when we are confident that everyone operating at the airport has the resources to deliver the service our passengers deserve." It comes as BA suspended sales of tickets on short-haul flights from the airport for two weeks. This is to avoid exceeding its share of the airport's 100,000 per day passenger limit.  Thousands of jobs were lost in the aviation industry during the pandemic because travel restrictions saw most flights grounded. There is a race to recruit new workers to accommodate the resurgence of holidaymakers. But, training new staff and getting them the necessary security clearance has been a lengthy process, airport bosses have said. Heathrow is said to be among the worst-affected.