The Duchess of Sussex is now a mum of two, but since she and Prince Harry have stepped down from royal life, it's been rare to get an insight into how Meghan acts with her children. However, in an interview with the magazine The Cut, Meghan has displayed her mum style for the world to see. The fashion magazine, The Cut, described three-year-old Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor's relationship with his mother. It detailed how Archie would "waddle" into the room and demand Meghan to listen to his heartbeat with a toy stethoscope. After the Duchess makes an effort to listen to the "thump-thump, thump-thump" in Archie's chest, he giggles and leaves the Meghan to complete her interview. The heart-warming anecdote shows a side to the Duchess not often reported in the media, her mum style.  Later, The Cut accompanied Meghan to Archie's school to pick him up - he currently is attending part-time in preparation to move to full days. The young royal was delighted to see his mother, he shouted: "Momma, Momma, Momma". After dropping his lunch box, the two share a hug which was so full of emotion that "both close their eyes". On the way home, Archie revealed that didn't eat his sandwich he had packed for lunch. READ MORE: Brexit live: EU in HUGE bust-up as Germany blocks Ukraine training  The Duchess of Sussex is said to always gently correct Archie when he forgets to say please and thank you. Meghan reportedly had her security detail give a black backpack to a homeless man they saw on the way home. She and her son made packs of water, peanut-butter crackers and granola bars to give to the less fortunate. The Sussexes are trying to teach Archie that "some people live in big houses, some in small, and that some are in between homes". When they arrived home, Archie gave his father, Prince Harry a similar greeting - Archie hugged him tightly around the legs. DON'T MISS:NASA Moon launch LIVE: Artemis mission SCRAPPED after engine issue [LIVE]House repossessions could DOUBLE due to rising mortgage rates [INSIGHT]Russia heading towards 'terrible end' and 'revolution' [REPORT]  Meghan told The Cut that if she lived in the UK, she would never be able to do school pickups and drop-offs without "40 people snapping pictures". Meghan said: "Sorry, I have a problem with that. That doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy. That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child." She has even been able to chat with other Montecito mums while Archie attended a school friend's birthday party, although a few of the parents were a bit she about speaking to her at first. The rare glimpse of Meghan as a mother is not a side normally seen of the Duchess, however as she raises the two young royals in Montecito, California -away from the Firm - it's possible that it is a side the public will begin to see more often. 