Fans were blown away and slightly exhausted by the gigantic, two-and-a-half-hour finale of Stranger Things’ latest outing. Although the series has remained one of Netflix’s biggest ever shows, the lengthier runtimes of this year’s season proved somewhat divisive for fans who have been tuning in to the mysteries of Hawkins since the beginning. Matt and Ross Duffer have assured fans the final episodes of Stranger Things won’t be quite as long as the behemoth fourth season. Most episodes of the latest outing ran considerably longer than the 50-minute length of Netflix’s usual model. Many were approaching feature length level, and Chapter Nine: The Piggyback’s staggering 139 minutes gave most modern blockbusters a run for their money. However, the series’ head writers and directors have now confirmed this won’t be the case for Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) and her friends’ final adventure - more or less. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation “I don’t think the runtimes will be as extreme in season 5,” Matt confirmed. “We’re trying to return to the simplicity of the structure in season one, with bigger scale and scope.” Even so, he also admitted: “Except for the finale, which I’m expecting will be pretty massive.” If season four is anything to go by, season five’s finale may well be pushing three hours in order to bring the Duffers’ sprawling 80s sci-fi trip to a close. Thankfully, it seems the rest of the season will return to the more manageable runtimes from the iconic drama’s first foray onto screens back in 2016. Despite their recent assurances, the creators may find themselves having to double back from their promise, as they weren’t planning to extend season four when they began production. Matt told the Hollywood Reporter: “The runtimes being as long as they were was something of a surprise to us. “Ross and I have been trying to analyse how they ended up that long because the scripts aren’t even that long.” DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead slammed for ‘confusing’ two-part premiere [REACTION]Raising Kanan: Mekai Curtis previews Kanan and Raq fall-out [EXCLUSIVE]Yellowstone season 5: John Dutton star delivers major filming update [INSIGHT] In addition to the gang’s main battle against Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower), there was also the question of liberating Jim Hopper (David Harbour) from his Russian prison cell. Plus, the ever-increasing size of the main cast meant much of the group were split up into their own storylines for season four, whilst there were also several major reveals regarding Eleven’s time at Hawkins Lab. “It’s a pretty dense season,” Matt admitted. “We weren’t sure they were that long, really, until we got into edit.” Ross added: “Our concern is pacing. If we can hold your interest for an hour and 15 minutes, then that’s a win.” “We did discuss breaking up [the finale]. We ultimately decided if it’s too long for someone, they can pause it and they can come back. “It’s like reading a book. You can watch it at your own pace.” Netflix’s reported $270 million gamble on season four clearly paid off, as Stranger Things has even more fans who are eagerly awaiting what is hoped to be a satisfying conclusion to the twisted tale. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix