A mum has recently taken to the internet to share a terrifying experience she had with a stranger who “charged” and “screamed” at her for leaving her vehicle parked on double-yellow lines. The mum agreed that she made a mistake when parking but added that the reaction was very “extreme”. Writing on Mumsnet, she said: “I know, I am in the wrong because I parked wrong. “For two minutes only, but nonetheless - wrong. “I was getting back into my car and this lady starts charging at me - I had both my babies in the car. “She starts screaming at me you can't park here, you can't park here. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow little-known car key hack “I put my hands up and say I know I'm sorry, I'm sorry. “She continues charging at my car. At this point I got scared and again said 'I am sorry and it won't happen again.’” The mum added that she was forced to take evasive action to avoid the woman charging at her. She continued: “I jumped into my car and locked the doors and she starts banging on my window, at which point - I again say 'look I understand and I won't park here again’. DON'T MISS Sales of new petrol and diesel motorbikes could be banned by 2035 [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to use simple button to boost fuel economy by 7% [ADVICE] Petrol and diesel drivers warned of new Clean Air Zones set to launch [WARNING] “Only then did she finally let off and I drove away. Isn't that a bit of an extreme reaction? I would never do that. “Fair enough if I had got angry back, but I immediately apologised and backed down and she just kept going. She really scared me.” Several people took to the comments section to express their views on the situation. The reactions were mixed. One user said: "She shouldn’t have got so angry but how do you know you aren’t the millionth person to do this to that space? READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge £1,000 fines for not cleaning their cars “She might have a very good reason for you not to park there." Another added: "She was over the top, but you aren't special. “You shouldn't have parked there. Just don't in future." Many others were on the mum’s side, saying: "Parking on double yellows is between you and the traffic warden - it’s no one else’s business!" Another person commented: "Crazy woman and massively OTT reaction!! Had you parked on Her petunias or something?!" What are the rules surrounding double-yellow lines? Double yellow lines indicate no waiting at any time and apply to the road, pavement and verge. However, drivers can leave their vehicles parked on double-yellow lines at certain times, as indicated on nearby signs. Other exceptions include: