Married At First Sight UK is coming back to E4 for season seven and fans are excited to see more couples tie the knot. The quirky series has seen people join the experiment with some very specific criteria, and they may not feel matched with the right person. A new element will throw a spanner in the works as the temptation may get too much for some individuals. MAFS UK promises to be more dramatic than ever as the 30-episode season introduces new challenges. The individuals looking for love will be matched by the usual experts - Mel Schilling, Paul Brunson and Charlene Douglas. For most of the couples, they learn to connect with their new partners and learn to accept one another. However, for others, they may feel they have been matched incorrectly and their eyes start to wander. This will become an even bigger problem when two "intruder couples" come in halfway through the process. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke Mel explained: "This year we are borrowing even more of the format elements of the Aussie version, which is exciting because we have got more time, a longer season. "So for example bringing in the intruder couples that come in about halfway through, which of course just absolutely throws everyone into a spin. "They just start to get into their comfort zone and feel like they can cruise a little bit and then bam, two new couples come in and really shake things up." There are initially eight couples who start at the beginning of the process and the individuals celebrate their hen and stag dos. Once married, the couples go on their honeymoons and in the initial eight couples, there are two same-sex couples - one male and one female. The big twist comes unexpectedly when two intruder couples enter the process and cause fireworks. This is not the only new element added to the UK series, as the couples will also be sent on a MAFS Retreat. They will all be sent on a staycation together in a test of their connection as a group. Mel explained: "The concept behind it is really moving one step closer to the real world. "One of the real goals of this experiment is to try and emulate the real world as closely as possible. DON'T MISS...Married at First Sight UK 2022: Who is in the cast of MAFS UK? [EXPLAINER]Married at First Sight’s Jessika Power dropped from new show [INSIGHT]MAFS UK 2021 reunion: All we know so far about MAFS One Year On [EXPLAINER] "Of course when you are in the real world you do meet new couples, you do have that, in some cases, temptation. "In some cases, it's a sense of competitiveness or comparison that happens so often in real life. "That's one of the big tests that many couples often face, so that's what is behind this. "Another level of real-world dimension within the experiment." The series has grown from strength to strength and it has already been renewed for 2023. The first episode of the 2022 season will be followed by a 'One Year On' reunion with the cast of 2021. Viewers will get to see how the couples have managed to navigate life after the experiment ended. While some couples achieved their happily ever after, others found it a complete disaster.  Married At First Sight UK airs on E4 on Monday at 9pm.