 The threshold for paying the tax has remained frozen at £325,000 since 2009 and will remain frozen at this rate until 2026. Due to this, more and more people are being dragged into paying the tax which former Chancellor George Osborne claimed only millionaires would pay under a Conservative Government in 2007.     Inheritance tax is paid at 40 percent on the value of a person’s estate over the threshold when they pass away. The value of an estate includes a person’s property, money and possessions. Britons do not need to pay anything if their estate is below this value. Houses are usually the most expensive asset a person may own and because prices have skyrocketed in recent years, a person’s home can cause their estate to pass the nil-rate band threshold for inheritance tax. However, there are legal ways Britons can mitigate their tax liability in regards to their property so they can reduce the amount of tax their loved ones have to pay when they die. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rates across savings products up to 3.4% - 'Get the best deal!'    According to the current rules, Britons are able to pass on their home, free from inheritance tax, to their spouse or civil partner when they die. They can also increase the tax-free threshold to £500,000 with the resident nil-band worth £175,000 if they gift it to their children or grandchildren. Children who are adopted, fostered or stepchildren also fall into this category. To do this, the person must own, or own a share, in the property and the estate must also be worth less than £2million. If someone doesn’t use their whole allowance, the remaining balance can then be transferred to a surviving spouse or civil partner. DON'T MISS    If Britons want to leave their house to anyone else, this will count towards the value of their estate. However, there are ways that Britons can pass on their property whilst they are still alive to cut down the liability for their loved ones when they die. People can gift their property away if they move out and then live for another seven years, due to what is known as the seven-year rule. According to these rules, gifts given in the three years before death are taxed at the full 40 percent. Anything given three to seven years before the death is then taxed on a sliding scale known as "taper relief". Between three to four years, the gifts will be taxed at a rate of 32 percent, between four to five it is taxed at 24 percent, five to six will be taxed at 16 percent and between six to seven it will be taxed at eight percent. If Britons want to continue living in their property after giving it away they will need to pay rent to the new owner at the going rate. READ MORE: Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000    This means it has to be similar to local rental properties and not discounted due to being a family member or friend. They will also need to pay their share of the bills, or live there for at least seven years. Otherwise, it counts as a "gift with reservation" and will be added to the value of their estate. A gift with reservation is a gift that is not fully given away because the person making the gift keeps back some benefit for themselves.  Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown said: “These allowances have been well used to help families avoid having to pay billions of pounds in inheritance tax. “These may feel like large amounts but given the stellar performance of the property market in recent years the decision to freeze these allowances means more and more people, particularly in the south, are becoming liable to pay and with limits being frozen until 2026 we will likely see the amount of tax paid continue to grow over the coming years.” Many have called for the UK to reform or even scrap the so-called “death tax” with the levy having also become a topic of discussion in the Tory leadership race. Neither Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss has fully committed to any specific reform to inheritance tax, however, both have stated that they would be reviewing the tax if they became Tory leader.    