Financial analysts are warning such a decision will place “more misery” on thousands of households across the UK. The financial institution has already hiked rates to a 13-year high in a bid to combat rising inflation, which is currently at 9.4 percent. Later this week (August 4), the central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) will meet to decide the fate of the UK’s base rate, which is the rate banks and building societies are charged when borrowing money. Last month, the Bank of England’s governor Andrew Bailey admitted that a 0.5 percent interest rise was “among the choices on the table”. If this were to be implemented, the base rate would increase from 1.25 percent to 1.75 percent, which is the highest level in 27 years since 1995 before the Bank of England gained independence under then-Chancellor Gordon Brown. Mortgage holders and those paying off debt will be among those worse hit by the decision as their payments will likely increase. However, those savings during the current cost of living crisis will be among the few to slightly benefit from a potential interest rate rise. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Outside of increases to interest rates and inflation, households are already struggling with their energy bills. Current estimates suggest that the energy price cap could reach as high as £3.600 in the New Year. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, explained: “With the leap in inflation in May, better-than-expected UK growth figures and some pretty bullish comments from a number of the rate-setting committee, an interest rate rise feels inevitable. “What’s more, we’re odds-on to see the biggest increase in interest rates since 1995 as it’s widely expected that the rate setters will hike rates by 0.5 percentage points. “Such a move would take rates to 1.75 percent, and back to levels we’ve not seen since 2008. The environment is very different now, with rates in 2008 being slashed following the market crash, whereas now they are being hiked to try to stem an inflation boom. “The move by the bank will pile more misery on the 1.9 million people with variable rate mortgages as they battle the rising cost of living. Likewise, anyone in debt will see their costs rise.” The financial expert noted that any future base rate hike from the Bank of England would still be beneficial to savers. However, Ms Suter noted that with inflation at a 40-year high, many savers will be unable to “get excited” over a potential interest rate increase. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments She added: “Clearly with a backdrop of inflation at 9.4 percent, and an expectation it will reach 11 percent in a few months, many savers will still struggle to get excited by the increase we’ve seen in best buy savings rates since December, which have given them an extra one pence in the £1 on their money in the bank. “That’s because the real value of their savings is still shrinking fast in real terms. What’s more, when interest rates first began to increase inflation was at 5.1 percent, meaning that the gap between inflation and the best-buy savings account was 4.39 percentage points. “Fast forward to now, and with inflation having leapt ahead to 9.4 percent and that top-buy account at 1.71 percent, the gap has more than doubled to 8.69 percentage points." James Smith, an economist at ING Developed Markets outlined why it is likely the Bank of England will increase the base rate at least one more time later this week. Mr Smith said: “We expect a 50 basis point rate hike from the Bank of England next week, its first such move this cycle. “That’s not because the data we’ve received since June’s 25bp hike decision has moved the needle all that much – it hasn’t. “But policymakers hinted back in June that they could act ‘forcefully’ to get inflation lower. And with a 50 basis point move more-or-less priced, that’s what we expect them to do.” The Bank of England’s MPC will announce a potential base rate rise on Thursday, August 4, 2022.