The warning comes ahead of new data from the Office for National Statistics this week that is expected to show the cost-of-living crisis is deepening. City economists say that on Tuesday the ONS is likely to say that average weekly earnings, excluding bonuses, for April to June grew by 4.5 percent, compared to 4.3 percent for March to May. The following day, it is likely to say that consumer price index inflation grew 0.4 points to 9.8 percent in July. Resolution estimates that with energy regulator Ofgem's price cap forecast to be at least £4,200 in January, a typical low-earner paying by direct debit will have to cut non-essential spending by a quarter to be able to afford essentials such as turning on the heating, paying rent, buying food and transport. The think tank calculates the daily cost of turning on gas heating will be £7.34 this winter, even for families in energy efficient homes. However, for those in badly insulated homes, that rises to £11.60 per day. As those on the lowest incomes tend to live in buildings with the worst insulation, Resolution says they will end up paying disproportionately more to heat their homes. Karl Handscomb, Resolution senior economist, said that with households already struggling to cope with higher prices, the next prime minister will have to move quicky if support is to be in place to help people with their energy bills this winter. "Helping the lowest-income households, who will be hit hardest by soaring energy bills remains the core priority," Handscomb said. "However preventing families on middle incomes from falling behind on unaffordable energy bills should also be an important part of any new strategy." Pantheon Macroeconomics chief UK economist Samuel Tombs said that while CPI inflation is likely to have risen in June due to higher fuel and food prices, it is likely to dip this month, before skyrocketing in October due to Ofgem's new and substantially higher energy price cap. "The relief for households will be short-lived, due to the impending 80 percent or so jump in Ofgem's price cap," Tombs said. "As a result, CPI inflation looks set to soar in October to about 13 percent, bringing with it a high chance of recession."