The Duchess' fans, many of whom unite under the name of Sussex Squad, have launched a fundraiser to celebrate her 41st birthday, which falls on August 4. This charitable effort is sure to thrill Prince Harry just as much as Meghan, as the recipient of the funds chosen by the Sussexes' fans is his organisation Sentebale. The Duke founded this charity in 2006 alongside Lesotho's Prince Seeiso. Sentebale, which means "forget me not" in Sesotho, helps children and young people with HIV by providing them with tools to thrive in life as well as mental and physical support. The organisation was first launched in the small African kingdom of Lesotho but, after a decade of successful work, it branched out in Botswana. Harry visited his charity's operations in this country in 2019, when he travelled to a number of southern African nations during the Duke and Duchess' tour of South Africa. The Sussex Squad fundraiser was launched at midnight today, and has already received more than £2,000 in donations, with as many as 34 people giving to the cause. The Squad members who launched the initiative have tied together the Duke and Duchess' birthday by leaving the campaign open from the day Meghan turns 41 to Harry's birthday on September 15. Taking to Twitter to spread the word about the charitable effort, a Twitter fan account dedicated to events related to Meghan, Harry and their organisation Archewell, called @sussexevent, wrote: "Today we Honor & Celebrate the Birthday of our beloved Princess Meghan, with a Fundraising Campaign for Sentebale! "Wishing you Love, Happiness & Blessings always!" READ MORE: Meghan and Harry risk 'moment of reckoning' unless they fix royal rift Similarly, @jodivarunner wrote: "Let’s celebrate our fave’s birthday by raising money in her honour to help the young people of Sentebale!" And @meghanpedia added: "#HappyBirthdayMeghan #Sentebale It’s a celebration for a very worthy cause. Join in by making a donation and or spreading the word." This isn't the first time a special day in the Sussex's household sparks a fundraising campaign. DON'T MISS Between May 6 and June 4, the dates of the birthdays of Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, the Sussexes' fans raised more than £91,000 ($111.500) for the World Central Kitchen, a charity providing meals in disaster-hit areas and a partner of Meghan and Harry's Archewell Foundation. Last year, to mark Meghan's 40th birthday, the Susssex Squad organised a different fundraiser, this time benefitting Myna Mahila, an Indian organisation working to break down the taboo surrounding menstruation as well as produce low-cost sanitary protection and provide health education to enable girls to stay in school. This organisation was chosen by Meghan and Harry themselves in 2018 as one of the seven charities benefitting from the donations made by members of the public to mark their wedding. The fundraiser, launched on July 4 last year, raised almost £44,000 in a month and helped 1,051 young women. One year later, as the donation page is still open, supporters of the Sussexes have donated a further £6,500. To mark her 40th birthday, Meghan herself launched a charitable initiative in August 2021, called 40x40. The project saw the Duchess asking 40 of her friends to dedicate 40 minutes of their time to mentor one of the millions of women who lost their job during the Covid pandemic and were struggling to re-enter the workforce. Among the people who adhered to the initiative was one of Prince Harry's cousins, Princess Eugenie. Wishing the Duchess of Sussex's a happy birthday via her Instagram Stories, the Queen's granddaughter wrote:  "To celebrate dear Meghan's 40th birthday I'm contributing 40 minutes of mentorship to support women re-entering the workforce. "In the past two years, tens of millions of women around the world have departed the workforce. "If you can, please join me and commit 40 minutes to community, service or mentorship."