Sarah Ferguson, 62, has recently bought a house in Mayfair as a “long-term investment” for her daughters Princess Beatrice, 34, and Princess Eugenie, 32. What does it look like inside? Images of the property show quite traditional styling, with rich paint colours and natural woods and plants.  Sophie Smith, the founder of Zhoosh Paints, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the styling of the luxurious home. She said: “London properties are often short on space, even when they are expensive properties such as this, but the colours used here really make the most of the rooms and show how easy it is to make rooms look larger. "In the den, the lack of windows doesn’t compromise the feeling of space and light.  "Using the same almost white colour throughout the room makes the most of that light coming from above, with the only colours popping from the relaxing pink furniture. "Clever use of panelled mirrors reflect and bounce the light from the skylight around the room and ensure that it feels airy and bright. "The darker green shades on the walls of the drawing room meanwhile, are traditional and warm, with the same colour used on the shelving to naturally weave the decor together with the walls." What furniture is inside Fergie's new home?    “It's a look that works really well in any period property - these types of homes often have narrower, smaller spaces." What will the drawing room look like?  Ms Smith added: "Darker colours can feel very relaxing and mindful, as shown by the drawing room in this property - and by using the same colours on the doors, skirting boards and cupboards, the feeling is one of luxury and warmth. "Clever lighting, plants and art can all be used to create texture and personality - in any space. “Before painting any room, it’s good to get a lot of paint samples in to see what works best for you and the space you have, as the light does change so much throughout the day,” Ms Smith advised.  She continued: "Paint patches are great for this as they are good for the environment and you can position and reposition them all over the walls, to see how the different colours work at different times.”