BBC News reader Huw Edwards is no longer allowed to visit Russia after the Kremlin released a list of the names of broadcasters, politicians and other British figures who have been banned from the country. Huw joins Piers Morgan, Labour leader Keir Starmer and former prime minister David Cameron amongst others. Huw shared a copy of the document which listed the names of those who are not allowed to visit Russia. The broadcaster tweeted: “Huw’ve been banned! I made the Kremlin cut (39/39) @BBCNews.” The political editor of ITV News Robert Peston and TALKTV’s Piers Morgan could also be seen on the list. Huw’s followers replied to the tweet teasing the presenter over the ban. Read more: Dan Wootton savages BBC over 'woke' Commonwealth Games coverage Benjamin Wright tweeted: “That’s your summer holiday plans ruined then.” BBC correspondent Sean Dilley added: “Wherever will you go for your summer holidays now?” “Congratulations Huw! A dubious honour,” Sean quipped. “Better cancel your holiday to Vladivostok, Huw! Hard to bear, but there are other grim, heavy industrial port towns to visit,” @TheWandererBook said. “Congratulations! You’re clearly doing something right,” Julia Rice shared. Glynn Rawle remarked: “Well done Huw. Another feather in your cap.” On Monday, Russia’s foreign ministry released a list of 39 new people banned by Moscow. The UK has been one of Ukraine’s most loyal and vocal supporters since Putin since troops into the country in February. DON'T MISSUK urged not to host Eurovision for Ukraine – ‘Total waste of money’ [INSIGHT]'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold  [VIDEO]Alex Scott's appearance wows viewers during Euro 2022 final [INSIGHT] A statement from the ministry stated those on the list “contribute to the hostile course of London aimed at the demonisation of our country and its international isolation”. “The choice in favour of confrontation is the conscious decision of the British political establishment, which bears all responsibility for the consequences,” the statement added. The list includes several Labour MPs, Scottish politicians and members of the House of Lords. SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford, Labour’s David Lammy and Lisa Nandy were also included. Jonathan Munro, the head of the BBC’s newsgathering joined his colleague Huw. Russia’s foreign ministry confirmed in the statement that new names would continue to be added to the list. “Given London’s destructive drive to spin the sanctions flywheel on far-fetched and absurd pretexts, work on expanding the Russian stop-list will continue,” it said.