Tonight, BBC drama Marriage will return with its third instalment of the new drama. Unforgotten actress Nicola Walker is starring alongside Game of Thrones star Sean Bean as married couple Emma and Ian, who have struggles but are still very much in love. The four-part drama will come to a close on Monday, wrapping up this particular chapter in their lives for good.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Marriage. Actress Nicola Walker is one of Britain's most recognisable TV stars, having had a long thriving career in the entertainment industry. One of her biggest and earliest roles was as Ruth Evershed in the spy drama Spooks on BBC One for seven years, before later moving on to Last Tango in Halifax for another eight. Some of her smaller parts have been in shows like Collateral, Babylon, Doctor Who: Dark Eyes 1, River, Scott and Bailey and Prisoners' Wives, just to name a few. Arguably, Walker's biggest shows have been airing from 2015 onwards. READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement    Walker was DCI Cassie Stuart in the first four seasons of ITV's Unforgotten alongside Sanjeev Bhaskar as DI Suni Khan. While Unforgotten will return for series five, Walker will not because she decided to call it a day on her time in the drama. The actress has also been in family drama The Split since 2018, where she played Hannah Defoe. However, the show won't be back for a fourth outing, as confirmed by the BBC. Besides Marriage, Walker's latest job has been on Alibi's Annika as DI Annika Strandhed.     Despite all of these stand-out roles, Walker has stated that she has been accused of laziness by her colleagues. When discussing prep work that goes into rehearsing for a role to press, including Express.co.uk, Walker explained: "So some other actors have told me that I'm either the laziest actor they've ever met, or they use the word 'instinctive'. "I am not a massive fan of backstory, for the same reason that Stefan [Golaszewski] was saying, people don't give up themselves that easily when you meet them." DON'T MISS...Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on  [ROYAL]Marriage star defends BBC series as fans blast 'boring' drama [REACTION]Marriage viewers 'switch off' as Nicola Walker drama branded 'boring' [CAST]     "You don't meet somebody, and they don't often tell you everything about themselves that brought them to the day you meet them. "Everything I needed was on the page, and if it wasn't on the page, brilliantly, I could ask the writer who was also the director. "It was a brilliant position to be in, but I don't use backstory like that, I never really have. "I tend to do it scene by scene, moment by moment, and fortunately, that's how Stefan writes his scripts as well."    The description for the third episode reads: "Emma stays overnight at a conference with her obnoxious boss while Ian spirals out of control due to his jealousy. "Their daughter meets a nice waiter and decides to dump her boyfriend, much to her parent's delight." So how will Ian and Emma's "normal" happily ever after continue? Marriage continues on Sunday, August 21, and Monday, August 22, at 9pm on BBC One.