Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes is "getting away with murder", according to ex-Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Fernandes often escapes criticism but Agbonlahor has singled out the Portugal star and defended four of his team-mates. United suffered an embarrassing 4-0 defeat at Brentford on Saturday. The Red Devils have lost their opening two games of a season for the first time in the Premier League era. Fernandes started both matches and played the entirety of Saturday's defeat. The likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Harry Maguire, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford have all faced criticism. But Agbonlahor says the finger cannot always be pointed at that quartet. He claims Fernandes is "the worst team-mate" and it is time he was called out for his performances. Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: "How many managers can they go through? It’s easy to point at Maguire, easy to point at Ronaldo, Rashford, Sancho. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd ramp up Icardi chase, Gordon to Chelsea , Ronaldo latest  “For me, Fernandes, since he’s been in the Premier League, yes he’s had great stats, goalscoring and assists but he looks like the worst team-mate. Every time a player gives it away, every time he gives it away, he throws his arms up at his teammates, he throws his arms up at the bench. “I’ve played with players like him, you’d be fuming at him. He’ll press now and then. If that was Paul Pogba they would be slaughtering Pogba in the media. “Fernandes gets away with murder. Did you see Fernandes do anything? It’s easy to say Maguire, Ronaldo, Rashford, Sancho. “Fernandes, for me, I can’t remember the last time he had a decent game. He’s always the one that’s throwing his arms up in the air. Even when he gives it away. DON'T MISSTavares shows Arsenal what they're missing with another star performanceChelsea could make four signings if Newcastle follow through on transferSouness blasted 'disgraceful' for 'men's game' comments in Chelsea vs Tottenham  “He could pass it to you but pass it out of play and he’d blame you. That’s the sort of player Fernandes is. The worst possible team-mate.” Speaking to Sky Sports after the match, United boss Ten Hag admitted improvement is needed quickly. He said: “We are, as a team, in a difficult process. “We expected a different start. It seems like what happened in the past, last season, we have to change that very quickly. “We need new players, we need quality players and we will do everything to convince them to come.” 