Alpine have been accused of "playing" with Oscar Piastri and Fernando Alonso amid the ongoing contract dispute involving the three parties. The constructors have been plagued by chaos recently amid the fallout from the Spanish veteran's departure. After Sebastian Vettel announced he would be retiring from the sport at the end of this season, Aston Martin signed Alpine driver Alonso on a multi-year deal as his replacement. Alpine then announced that their reserve driver and reigning Formula 2 world champion Piastri would replace the Spaniard next season. However, Piastri issued a statement denying that he would race for Alpine next year, saying: "I understand that, without my agreement, Alpine F1 have put out a press release late this afternoon that I am driving for them next year. This is wrong and I have not signed a contract with Alpine for 2023. I will not be driving for Alpine next year." Piastri is instead expected to replace Daniel Ricciardo at McLaren, but is currently the subject of a hearing by the FIA's Contract Recognition Board. F3 driver Juan Manuel Correa has now given his thoughts on the drama, revealing he 'knows quite a bit about it' as his physio also works with Piastri. JUST IN: Verstappen warned to expect same complaints as Hamilton and Schumacher "I don't know how much I should say," Correa said on Sky Sports' Any Driven Monday when asked about it. "The thing is my physio this year is actually Oscar’s full-time physio. "So, I know quite a bit about it. From my perspective and what is public knowledge, I think it is actually more of Alpine’s fault. They were playing a little bit with Oscar and Fernando. "They didn’t give Oscar I think what they had promised, and any driver in his position would have done what he did. DON'T MISSMartin Brundle picks sides in Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso feudLewis Hamilton facing F1 penalty with Mercedes 'concerned'Leclerc weighs in on Hamilton and Verstappen's tense relationship "That’s what I think, from what I know. But of course, the sport loves drama. I think the hearing was this morning, but I think he will be racing at McLaren next year. And I hope so for him because he deserves an F1 seat. "It was already a shame that he didn’t get a seat immediately last year. So, at least now he will get his chance."