Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Taurus (Apr21/May21) Before you continue with agreements in a joint manner, consider what you want to gain from them. It could be that they are routines that you've given little thought to. If that's the case, you can switch these routines out for something more enjoyable or productive. Gemini (May22/June21) Finding a balance between pursuing your own goals and being available in times when others are in need is essential today. The ability to communicate your knowledge about the topic in workplace conversations can impress a superior coworker. Cancer (June22/July23) Make sure that those you cherish know how you value them as part of your life. No matter how busy you are or what your burdens are there are people and family members who are eagerly waiting to see you. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Scorpio 'pulls the strings' in a relationship Leo (July24/Aug23) It doesn't matter what methods you use to finish an assignment, there's no sign of progress. You're fooling yourself by believing that there is progress being made, but actually, you're chasing your tail. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Are you looking for ways to improve your life? If you're looking to get a higher position let your efforts speak for you. The people in top positions already have an idea of what you're capable of.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) It can be a traumatic experience to find out that someone you have known for a while has kept secrets. There's no reason to excuse the behaviour, no matter how they may attempt to justify the situation in a manner that appears to make their actions appear justifiable. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Do not be afraid when a parent or a neighbour starts treating you as if you're a child. Participation in a group could increase the tension that you already feel. It may be helpful to think about the ways in which you assisted other people during the previous time. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) It's not just that you'll be amazed at the speed at which things begin to unfold, but certain things will appear to be too incredible to be true. Even if you are caught off guard you will be able to handle the unplanned. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) It can be difficult to justify why you're worried about the future even though there's nothing to suggest that things could fail. It might be that the ability to go through a couple of sessions, meetings or discussions without arguing is what matters the most to you. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) This isn't an inactive period of time. Even if you're confined in the background and individuals are finding it difficult to reach you, you'll be preoccupied with other matters. Plans for romance will be forged with ease during the weekend.