The scuffle between Tottenham and Chelsea reportedly carried over into the tunnel when Antonio Conte allegedly 'barged' into Mateo Kovacic. The Super Sunday clash at Stamford Bridge descended into chaos midway through the second half when both Conte and Tuchel were yellow carded for their angry bust-up following Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg's goal.  And the two managers were at it again at the final whistle following Harry Kane's dramatic late equaliser in the dying embers of the match. Tuchel appeared angry at Conte for not looking him in the eyes as they tried to put the events of the match behind them. The Chelsea boss pulled his opposite number in close to confront his rival with Conte jumping up in anger. Security and coaching staff from both teams had to step in to try and separate the pair of them. Referee Anthony Taylor then pulled out a red card for both managers, who will also likely face fines from the FA. Conte eventually walked off, where he was also spoken to by Cesar Azpilicueta.  But anger appeared to spill over down the tunnel as both teams made their way back to the changing room. According to Football London, Conte 'barged' into Kovacic with the Chelsea midfielder reacting by confronting the Tottenham boss. Kovacic is said to have been 'screaming' at Conte as tempers failed to cool down between the two London rivals. Speaking in his post-match press conference, Conte appeared to downplay his altercation with Kovacic. He said: "It's not important. It can happen when the passion is high from both sides. The celebration was very clear as to what this game means for the two clubs, maybe also for the two managers." Conte was also asked about the red card shown to him and Tuchel after the match. But the Tottenham boss chose not to take aim at the official, insisting his main "problem" is with Tuchel. "Honestly the referee showed me a red card but he didn't understand the dynamic of what happened, but ok I have to accept but I repeat it's not a big problem," he said. "The problem is between me and the other coach, not with the referee." It means Conte will almost certainly not be in the dugout for Tottenham's match against Wolves next weekend. 