When Britain is faced with colder weather and the rise in energy price cap this winter, bills will increase further. However, there are tasks people can do in their homes now to potentially lower energy bills. Express.co.uk spoke to Graham Lock, spokesperson for highly reputable double-glazing specialist Art Windows and Doors, based in Glasgow, about what households can do today to save money on energy bills. Graham’s first tip was to properly insulate the property. “Heat is easily lost from your home if you fail to insulate the property adequately,” he explained. “Various areas of the property are prone to heat loss. These can include exterior walls, the roof, doors and windows. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients “Loft insulation is a good place to start, by adding a fleecy base layer and preventing rising heat from evaporating into the atmosphere.” Graham continued: “Cavity wall insulation is another area to consider, as this area will prevent heat from billowing out of the side of the home. “Lag heating pipes to prevent them from freezing during periods of extreme temperatures. These examples of basic insulation will make a huge difference to the heat levels within your home.” Another piece of advice Graham offered was to “get a new boiler”. He said: “Old and dated boilers are unreliable, expensive to run and prone to breakdowns over the winter months. DON'T MISS:‘Stains will vanish!’ How to remove curry stains from white clothes [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ 5p laundry detergent substitute to wash your clothes well [ANALYSIS]How to keep bath towels ‘soft and fresh’ for longer [REVEAL] “Fit an A-rated boiler though and, not only will this run with greater efficiency over the winter months, it’ll be less temperamental and it could reduce your winter fuel bill by anywhere up to 25 percent.” Before winter arrives, it is worth having your central heating serviced, according to Graham. “Take care of your central heating now and this should prevent any potential problems as the winter embraces your home,” the expert said. “Getting your boiler serviced isn’t a bad idea, you might want to power flush your radiators or give them a bleed, to remove air from the system and reduce the chances of cold spots. “Have a heating service now and you reduce the chances of it breaking down as temperatures drop outside.” Updating windows and doors is another good idea. Graham said: “Poorly fitting doors and weather-worn windows are another cause of heat loss within the home. “Draughty, single-glazed windows are some of the worst culprits as they offer very little in the way of insulation. Double and triple-glazed options are best. “They add a protective barrier as do snug-fitting UPVC or composite doors. Fit them and your home benefits from high levels of thermal efficiency.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To further avoid drafts during the winter months, it is worth using window insulation film which is “easy to find in any hardware store or online”. “The kits include a plastic shrink film to apply to the indoor window frame with double-sided tape before you heat it with a hair dryer to remove any wrinkles and shrink the film,” Graham said. “It’s a cheap and effective method, but your windows will have a cloudy and shrink-wrapped look.” Rubber weather sealing is another handy product to have on hand. “All you need to do is cut long strips to fit the dimensions of your windows and then peel and stick the sealing to the frame to close any gaps, eliminating drafts,” Graham explained. “Rubber sealing is a cheap and effective solution that has a minimal impact on the look of your windows.” The expert added that draft snakes can also be used to “place under a windowsill or door to prevent drafts”. “You can buy them in a variety of great designs, or you can make your own to fit your windows by sewing a tube of fabric and filling it with dry rice,” he said. “Whilst this offers you a cheap and easy crafting project, it only prevents a draft from coming from the windowsill, still letting out plenty of heating through the rest of the frame and the window itself.”