Despite being a Liverpool fan and formerly playing for the club, Conor Coady is set to join Everton on loan with an option to buy. The player has almost agreed to personal terms with the Toffees, showing a willingness to join the club. Some Everton fans may be sceptical of a boyhood Reds fan being signed by the club. However, the 29-year-old has shown previously that it is not a cause for concern as he has shown a willingness to turn his back on the Anfield outfit previously and be a professional. Towards the end of the season, the Wolves captain revealed that he was hoping that Liverpool would not win the remainder of their games of the season because his side were still set to take the title contenders on at Molineux. He told premierleague.com: “I hope they don’t both go and win all the games if I’m being honest with you because we’re on there. Manchester City are top of the league, it’s theirs to lose because they’re a point ahead.” Liverpool scraped past Wolves on that day, with Diogo Jota scoring the all-important goal on the stroke of half-time to secure a 1-0 victory. Given the titles that the Merseyside club have won in recent years, some may suspect that Coady regrets leaving Anfield in 2014. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel drops Chelsea transfer hint after tame Everton win But the central defender revealed otherwise to Sky Sports when he said: “Brendan Rodgers was good to me when I was young. I had a season training with the first team at Melwood, and learning off them, that was big for me, but I always knew it was tough. I was always realistic, I was learning a lot off the first team, how to play and do things. “I knew at some point I’d have to come away from Liverpool to really experience being a first-team player. It was the best decision I ever made, and Brendan Rodgers was great for that; he pushed to send me on loan and try to improve my game.  “Even being on loan at Sheffield United, I loved the season and it was a great club for me to go to, coming back I still knew it was going to be tough. Liverpool were always getting better, they were always improving, and the players in my position were ridiculous. But I just wanted to play football. I knew where I was at, the type of level I was at, but I just wanted to be part of a first team, playing in games which meant something, playing against men.” Everton are in desperate need of reinforcements in central defence following the opening weekend of the season after Ben Godfrey suffered a serious lower leg injury against Chelsea that is likely to rule him out for an extended period of time. In Coady, Frank Lampard will have a very experienced defender and leader in the dressing room – even if his roots lie with their local rivals.