Arsenal and Newcastle are on alert as Real Madrid's Marco Asensio has reportedly been offered to Premier League clubs. Both the Gunners and the Magpies have been linked with signing the Spain star in the final few days of the transfer window. Arsenal are in the market for a winger, with Wolves ace Pedro Neto their top target. However, the Portugal international may prove to be too expensive this summer. Meanwhile, Newcastle are looking to continue to add to their attacking resources. Eddie Howe signed striker Alexander Isak from Real Sociedad on Friday for a club-record deal of around £60million. But both clubs are looking to be busy before the window shuts on Thursday. And transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Asensio is being offered to teams in England. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Chelsea Zaha talks, Spurs deal blocked  He claims a deal would be too expensive for Italian clubs, making the Premier League the most likely destination if he were to leave the Bernabeu. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Romano said: “Carlo Ancelotti confirmed that Asensio could leave and there are options for Asensio to be looking around. "Let’s see what happens but from what I’m told, his agent is offering Asensio to Premier League clubs. So, keep an eye on Asensio because for Italian clubs it is not easy. "AC Milan was an option but it’s not easy. For Premier League clubs, it’s something that has been discussed with his agent, so let’s keep an eye on Marco Asensio until the end of the market.” Asensio, 26, joined Real in 2014 and has been part of three Champions League and three La Liga wins. Real boss Carlo Ancelotti confirmed Asensio could go but insists he will not replace him. DON'T MISSMan Utd may give Antony a world-class partner in crime before deadlineMan Utd’s sixth signing after Antony could be a questionable oneTottenham boss Conte slams Richarlison antics - 'It won't be accepted'  The Italian said: "[If Asensio leaves] I'm counting on Mariano, but he has the best in the world in that position ahead of him and it's difficult for him. We have a squad in which we have a lot of resources. "If Marco leaves we're not going to sign anyone because we don't need them. I don't know anything new about Asensio, only that he is assessing his situation. "On September 2 everything will be clarified and if he stays he will be an important player and I will be delighted, because last year he contributed a lot to the team and this season he would too."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here