Bradley Walsh welcomed contestants Jan, Phil, Roddy and Ellie on Tuesday's instalment of the ITV game show. However, The Chase viewers were left furious when Bradley corrected Ellie's pronunciation of a word during her cash-builder round. The contestants were up against Anne 'The Governess' Hegerty on the instalment in a bid to take home a cash prize. Ellie was the third player to face the cash-builder round, but fans were quick to hit out at Bradley after she was asked a question about whisky. The 62-year-old host asked the student: "What Scottish whisky brand has the slogan: 'Famous for a reason'?" Ellie offered the answer "Famous Groose", but Bradley corrected the player by telling her it was pronounced "Famous Grouse".  READ MORE: Will Mellor details heart-breaking reason he signed up to Strictly By the end of the cash builder round, Ellie banked a total of £3,000 before going up against The Governess. Before Ellie faced Anne, Bradley told her: "I can't give you Famous Groose - unless you were doing it in a Scottish accent." Ellie, who was donning a tartan dress for her ITV debut, quipped: "The dress, it brought it over me!" "You were unlucky with that but you're a good player Ellie," Bradley said.  While Ellie appeared to take the blow well, many fans of The Chase were reeling and vented their frustration on Twitter. CeCe said: "Surely Ellie meant grouse (rhyming with house) when she said 'groose'??? She should have been given that. #TheChase." Andy Dowling fumed: Give her 'Famous Groose' you tight b******s! #TheChase." Jordan Dick remarked: "Give her the point for famous groose! Loads of Scots up here say it #TheChase." Wesley Henshaw added: "Come on guys, should have given her the Famous Grouse question. Just her pronunciation. Can't mark her down for that." (sic) DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh’s nightmare first professional football match [LATEST]Bradley Walsh's distress after being sacked before The Chase [UPDATE]Bradley Walsh mocks The Chase player after costly blunder [MUST SEE] However, other fans were not as understanding, with Rik saying: "How the hell does anyone think "Grouse" is pronounced "Groose"?" Tee added: "Even if you don't know it, it's quite obvious that "grouse" is the only one that would be used as a verb." The Chase is in the middle of its 15th series and many of the quiz masters have more than a decade of experience under their belts. However, Anne has admitted to Express.co.uk she's reluctant to welcome a new Chaser on the show anytime soon.  “I hope not! But, you know..." she said at this year’s National Reality TV Awards. The Governess also said she wouldn’t have any control if the producers decide to introduce a new pro-quizzer. “It will kind of be sprung on us," she added. "I guess we’ll just have to put up with it.” The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV and the ITV Hub. 