The likes of Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and Ernie Malik (Jason Antoon) will soon be reuniting with Jessica Knight (Katrina Law), Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and co when NCIS and spin-off NCIS Hawaii return. Heading into season 20 of CBS' flagship drama and the second run of its Hawaii-based spin-off, a crossover event has already been confirmed. And while the 19th season of NCIS ended on an almighty cliffhanger, the newly-released synopsis for the joint venture has teased what’s to come - and Jane could take centre stage. To recap, in the world of NCIS, new lead agent Alden Parker (Gary Cole) had his world turned upside just weeks after taking over from former stalwart Gibbs (Mark Harmon). A murder investigation towards the end of season 19 saw Parker end up in the FBI’s firing line, with all the evidence suggesting he was to blame. Not only this, but he found himself reuniting with ex Vivian Kolchak (Teri Polo) after she became a person of interest. What followed was Vivian convincing Parker to go on the run, hoping time would clear his name. READ MORE: NCIS LA's Caleb Castille confirms return of key location in season 14 However, before the screen faded to black on season 19, fans discovered Vivian could have an ulterior motive thanks to some rather shady text messages. Plus, Vivian’s ties to the mysterious Raven came into the spotlight, throwing more doubt over her standing in Parker’s life. After all, the Raven has been wreaking havoc on the NCIS team for quite some time now, nearly claiming Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) as their victims earlier in the season. The Raven’s identity and motives remain a mystery, however, and undoubtedly a plot point for season 20 - and judging by the CBS synopsis, Jane will be thrown right into the mix. The plot by CBS reads: “Following the cliffhanger season 19 finale, with Special Agent Alden Parker still on the run with his ex-wife Vivian, the team investigates who from his past might have a personal vendetta against him in hopes of clearing Parker’s name. “Enlisting the help of NCIS: Hawaii’s Special Agent Jane Tennant and computer specialist Ernie Malick, who are in town meeting with director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) in preparation for a global military exercise, the group tracks down their prime suspect, The Raven.” So with it confirmed Jane and Ernie will be tracking down the Raven alongside Torres, Knight and the rest of the team, could they be the extra forces needed to finally track the Raven down? With Parker on the run, the team is without its leader and given Jane is the head of the Hawaii team, perhaps she can guide NCIS to a cracked case. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA season 14: Crew member shares ominous first-lookNCIS' Abby Sciuto was almost replaced by Hollywood A-lister NCIS’ Jessica Knight star sparks meltdown as she drops Parker spoiler So will NCIS’ unknown antagonist get their comeuppance as soon as season 20 kicks off? Fans will have to wait until the crossover event to find out for sure on September 19. One thing that is for sure is actors from both casts cannot wait for the drama to hit screens. Many of the stars have been sharing updates from filming on social media, with Lachey posing for a snap alongside Law and Valderrama. She penned to her one million Instagram followers: “Road Trip!!! DC comes to Hawai’i and Hawai’i goes to DC! A TWO hour premiere crossover event! One story, Two shows, One night! @ncishawaiicbs @ncis_cbs Sept 19th starting at 9/8c on @cbstv!” And Valderrama replicated the hype on his own page. “Crossover premiere event anyone? @ncis_cbs & @ncishawaiicbs partnered again to kick things off September 19th on @cbstv ! #NCIS #NCISHAWAII #TNT,” he wrote to his 1.8 million followers. With less than two months to go until the crossover event hits screens, the Raven versus two NCIS teams could make for gripping viewing. NCIS season 20 and NCIS Hawaii season 2 premiere on September 19 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.