Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi married Beatrice in a private ceremony on July 17, 2020, following their engagement in Italy in 2019. The Princess gave birth to their daughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi on September 18, 2021 at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in Chelsea. Beatrice also became a stepmother upon her marriage to Edoardo as he shares a son, named Christopher Woolf, with architect Dara Huang. Princess Beatrice and Edoardo keep their heads relatively low for members of the Royal Family but Edoardo posted an Instagram post for his wife’s 34th birthday. Beatrice was born on August 8, 1988, at Portland Hospital in London to Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew. Edo’s Instagram post to mark her birthday featured a picture of a relaxed Beatrice by the water in Stockholm. The caption reads: “You are the world’s best wife. Along with this, you are the best mother in the world. “We love you so very much. Happy birthday my darling.” Royal fans praised Edoardo for his adorable post commemorating his wife, with others praising Beatrice for being “a remarkable person and incredible friend”. Instagram user @ingesuzanneborg commented: “Happy birthday dearest Beatrice. "I wish you such a happy day with you beloved Edoardo and the cuties Wolfie and Sienna. READ MORE: POLL: Should Cabinet members be on holiday during national crises? “Dear Edo, you have been making Bea [in]to the person she is with your love. “You are a wonderful couple with lovely kids.” User @montenegro_91 added: “Your devotion to your wife is amazing. Happy birthday to the wonderful @beayork and thank you for using your voice for dyslexia awareness.” Princess Beatrice has suffered with dyslexia and in April 2013 she became the royal patron of the Helen Arkell Dyslexia Centre, a charity supporting students to overcome the challenges of dyslexia. DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward praised for work at Commonwealth Games (COMMENT)Ukraine LIVE: Putin rocked by 'multiple' explosions at Russian base  (LIVE)How to live longer: Climbing nighttime temperatures may prove deadly (INSIGHT) Many have praised the Princess for being open about her struggles with dyslexia and for bringing awareness to such issues. Princess Beatrice’s younger sister Eugenie also posted on Instagram to wish her sister a happy birthday. Three pictures of the two sisters and one of Beatrice, Eugenie and Zara Tindall were posted with the caption: “Happy Birthday to my special big sissy. Love you so much.”