Manchester United wonderkid Alejandro Garnacho is wanted by 20 clubs as the Red Devils weigh up whether they want to send him out on loan to give him valuable first-team experience. New United boss Erik ten Hag is said to be a huge fan of the 18-year-old, who left Atletico Madrid to head for Old Trafford in 2020.  United appointed Ten Hag as their new manager this summer as the club looks to bounce back from a miserable campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. And they have since completed the signings of Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez. The Red Devils squad is bursting with talent and competition for places this season will be rife. And, according to The Mirror, Ten Hag is now considering whether the environment at Old Trafford is right for Garnacho to flourish as the team looks to find their feet. If United do opt to ship the Argentina under-20s international out on loan, he will be able to take his pick from clubs in England, Spain, Germany, Italy and Scotland. Ten Hag is yet to decide whether he can offer Garnacho the game time needed to accelerate his development this season - and the clubs vying for his signature are banking on the Red Devils choosing to send him somewhere else to toughen him up. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer   Garnacho’s agent Eugenio Ascari spoke to club chiefs last week, with any potential loan deal needing to be completed before the summer transfer window slams shut on the first day of September. But some senior figures at Old Trafford believe the club should keep Garnacho for the time being and instead make a call about a temporary transfer away during the January window. Garnacho illustrated his prodigious talents last season as he scored four goals in 12 appearances in Premier League 2. He also found the back of the net seven times in six FA Youth Cup matches and bagged a brace in the final as his side defeated Nottingham Forest 3-1. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener   Last weekend, the ace starred for United in a forward line that contained Cristiano Ronaldo and Eriksen as his side drew 1-1 with Rayo Vallacano in their final pre-season game. But he is unlikely to get any game time when the Red Devils take on Brighton in their opening clash of the campaign on Sunday. United finished sixth in the top-flight last season and were embarrassed by the Seagulls on the south coast during the final month of the campaign as they were thumped 4-0. And Ten Hag will accept nothing less than a win when the two sides face off in the northwest. 