Researchers with price comparison site Quotezone.co.uk recently polled 500 car insurance policyholders to gauge their feelings on electric vehicles. Surveying both fossil fuel and electric vehicle drivers, they found that 59 percent of petrol or diesel car drivers report they will only consider buying an electric or hybrid vehicle only when they “absolutely have to”. As part of wider plans to curb carbon emissions, the Government has announced that by 2030, they will impose a ban on sales of new petrol or diesel cars. However, EVs are still prohibitively expensive for many, particularly as the average cost has risen in the past year from £34,000 to £39,000. With the Government set to ban fossil fuel vehicles, many Britons feel like they’re being forced to make a switch, particularly as the cost of living crisis is hurting millions of families. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Quotezone.co.uk’s Founder, Greg Wilson, said: “Our survey shows price as the main barrier to switching to an electric car (37.5 percent of respondents), so it's likely families feel it's just too expensive to go electric right now. “Our survey shows almost two-thirds (59 percent) of drivers don’t want to change their cars until they ‘absolutely have to’ with only 26 percent saying they will change vehicles in the next 5 years – so I think it’s fair to say that right now, the majority feel they wouldn’t be changing cars if it wasn’t for the impending ban.”  Meanwhile, Howard Cox Founder of FairFuelUK, a campaign group protecting the rights of petrol and diesel car drivers slammed the Government’s plans to rapidly phase in EVs. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “It is so underhand that the only way to push drivers into expensive unsubsidised EVs is to frighten them with a 2030 ban of new diesel and petrol car sales. “If going electric is so much better than continuing with fossil-fuelled vehicles, why can’t these transport technological masterpieces stand on their own alleged preferred qualities? “Gullible politicos are being sold a cloud-cuckoo-land fantasy by the well-financed green and highly selfish lobby, whilst the UK's 37 million drivers are being forced into an economic nightmare of Armageddon proportions they did not vote for.” READ MORE: Majority of drivers say they won’t go electric till they ‘have to’  Mr Cox called on the Government to remove the 2030 ban, and rather encourage the shift to clean fuels by “motivating industry” to develop better technologies. He continued: “In true Conservative fashion, not seen in our current political administration, allow the market to dictate what clean fuel technology is best and affordable for all drivers and most certainly not through a very costly, divisive ineffective Government mandate.” The cost of living crisis is likely playing a major role in drivers’ attitude towards a new car, as the survey found that many opt for buying "nearly new" second-hand petrol cars. Mr Wilson said: “Waiting lists for new cars are regularly now over a year-long, as manufacturers struggle to source parts, making ‘nearly new’ second-hand cars more desirable. DON'T MISS: EU shoots itself in foot as UK has ‘strong case’ for legal action [INSIGHT] ISS emergency: Russian cosmonaut told 'drop everything and go back' [REVEAL] Octopus Energy and British Gas hand UK significant plan to freeze bill [SPOTLIGHT]