Amanda Owen, 47, said she was incredibly “proud” of her eldest daughter Raven, 21, after she received a special honour for her hard work with the NHS. Raven had been given a note and badge as a thank you for her volunteer work. The note read: “On National Volunteers Week, we would like to take the time to thank you for your dedication to both our staff and patients.“Please find enclosed a special volunteering pin to recognise and thank you for your contribution to our Trust.“Whatever your role, we are so grateful to you for making a difference each and every visit. From all of the Volunteering Team, thank you.”In photographs shared by the Yorkshire Shepherdess, Raven sat on some outdoor steps at Ravenseat Farm, proudly wearing the blue badge and holding up her letter. READ MORE:Olivia Newton-John shared ‘beautiful’ final photo with husband The 21-year-old looked lovely in an off-the-shoulder floral dress with her auburn hair clipped away from her face.Writing in the caption, Amanda gushed: “Considerate and kind. That’ll do. #NHS #NationalVolunteersWeek #Proud.”Many of Amanda’s 202,000 followers took to the comments to praise Raven on her achievement. Ally wrote: “Absolutely stunning. Well done from the Island of Mull.”Lynette penned: “Well done Raven, setting such a good example to your siblings and all young people.” And Kim echoed: “Well done Raven - volunteering is such a rewarding thing to do. All credit to you.”Amanda’s proud post comes weeks after she congratulated her daughter when she was awarded the highest class of degree after three years at university.Raven had studied Biomedical Science at York St John's University and secured a First-Class Honours with impressive marks of 72.67.Amanda shared a screenshot of her results alongside a stunning photograph of the mother-daughter duo. DON'T MISSBrad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed[INSIGHT]Ellen DeGeneres opens up about former lover Anne Heche's car crash[LATEST]Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini[PICTURES] In the caption, she wrote: “Result!!!!! A first. Her dedication and determination has paid off.“Always in the library, a laboratory, or a catering van. She works so hard.“The sky’s the limit. Massively proud of Raven.”As well as Raven, Amanda shares eight other children with her now-estranged husband Clive, 67. The Owens children are: Nancy, five, Clemmy, six, Annas, eight, Sydney, 10, Violet, 11, Edith, 13, Miles, 15, Reuben, 18, and Raven, 21.Amanda and Clive announced their separation in June to the shock of Our Yorkshire Farm fans.Nevertheless, in a statement shared at the time, Amanda assured fans that they will still work together on their land. 