Liz Truss labelled Nicola Sturgeon an "attention-seeker" who should be ignored at Monday night's leadership hustings. Asked if she thinks the same of Mark Drakeford, the Foreign Secretary said Wales had been "let down by 20 years of Labour rule". Ms Truss told Sky News: "The reality is that Wales has been let down by 20 years of Labour rule. "What I am about it is bringing opportunity and investment to Wales. "That we back Wales' fantastic farmers and that's what I'm going to be talking about in the hustings tonight." She added: "I believe Mark Drakeford has not delivered for the people of Wales and I will be holding him to account." Ms Truss said on Monday: "What we need to do is show the people of Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales what we're delivering for them and making sure that all of our Government policies apply right across the United Kingdom." READ MORE: Brussels getting ready for 'big conflict' with new PM on Brexit deal Brexit Opportunities Minister Mr Rees-Mogg doubled down on the attack, telling Sky News on Tuesday: "When she's waffling on endlessly about having a referendum and going to the Supreme Court and all of this, we need to be saying 'Hold on - you're doing this because you're failing to deliver for the people of Scotland, and the United Kingdom Government will have to deliver for the people of Scotland as well'." He added: "I think she's very often wrong, she's always moaning, and we need to focus on how the Union benefits people." Mr Swinney said "people in Scotland, whatever their politics, will be absolutely horrified by the obnoxious remarks that Liz Truss has made". He told BBC's Good Morning Scotland: "Nicola Sturgeon has far more democratic legitimacy than Liz Truss is going to have if she becomes the prime minister, and I think Liz Truss has absolutely no right or foundation to make these remarks." Scottish Health Secretary Humza Yousaf said Ms Truss' comments were "petty jibes" - but warned that the Tory leadership hopeful is carrying out an "all-out assault on devolution". "Stating that all UK Government policy should apply in Scotland, from the party that hasn't ruled out including the NHS in future trade deals, should concern us all," he said. SNP MP Chris Law said Ms Truss' performance was a display of "utter contempt from the future PM". DON'T MISS Brexit fishing row as France threatens UK with legal action again [INSIGHT]John Curtice issues major Tory leadership warning to Liz Truss [VIDEO]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [ANALYSIS] Former Northern Ireland secretary Brandon Lewis said Liz Truss "has got huge credentials" on the issue of the UK Union. Asked about relations with Scotland, he told Sky News: "Actually, keeping the Union together is again an area where Liz Truss has got huge credentials." He added: "We had a referendum, now we're all a few years older, but there's not been a generational change just yet, and that was always clear, and the SNP were, that that was a once-in-a-generation. That decision has been made. What we should all be focused on, including the SNP, is how we improve the lives of people in Scotland. "They're failing them on education, I would argue the health service, and other areas of the economy as well. What Liz wants to do is make sure everybody across the UK and every part of the UK gets better education opportunities to take part in a better and stronger economy in the future."