Joining Tim Lovejoy and Miquita Oliver on Channel 4's Sunday Brunch, the pop stars discussed how they decided to join forces during lockdown to produce some new music together. However, during the chat, the Bananarama singers spoke about where their career began, with Sara admitting she was made homeless when she was at university. "Do you mind going back to the beginning and where it all started," Tim began before adding: "I was reading all about it last night, and you'd been hanging about in the latter punk scene. "Then Paul Cook from the Sex Pistols and you'd get together and stuff..." "We met Paul in a club," Sara replied. "And I was studying at London College of Fashion and it was being closed down, so we had nowhere to live. "So he said come and live above, it was Malcolm McClaren's office and he had the rehearsal room underneath. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation "It had no bathroom, no running water and it was an absolute hovel. "But we used to go in there and mess around on the instruments. "So we got that kind of idea in the early 80s to sort of put a band together, and Paul helped us produce our first demo." Between 1982 and 2009, Bananarama had 30 singles reach the Top 50 of the UK Singles Chart, and were listed in the Guinness World Records for achieving the world's highest number of chart entries by an all-female group. However, despite their fame and success, the duo admitted they were "embarrassed" and didn't know how to handle it. "Terry Hall came and decided to work with you," Tim chipped in as Sara replied: "He asked us to sing on his album, and we thought, 'Oh god, does he think we are proper singers?' because we had just started. "We went in the studio and he gave us drums and keyboards and we're just messing around and it's a whole big jam." "And that made you?" Tim said as Keren weighed in: "Suddenly we were on Top of the Pops. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little speaks out on Neville Parker exit [INSIGHT]Big Breakfast viewers 'switch off' after 10 minutes [REACTION] "From nothing and nowhere we were suddenly on Top of the Pops, and we couldn't quite believe it because it's something we've grown up watching because we've known each other since we were little." "We were so embarrassed on there," Sara joked before addressing their appearance. "We dressed like teenage boys." She went on to point out that younger artists today seem more confident, but back then, they were quite shy. Viewers loved seeing the duo on Sunday Brunch, with many taking to social media to praise their ageless appearance. Kayleigh Natasha praised: "Keren and Sara look stunning #SundayBrunch." Stevie D tweeted: "Ooh @VivaBananarama on #sundaybrunch and don’t they look good!!" (sic) While Adam added: "You smashed it as always @VivaBananarama AND your latest material is your best ever." Sunday Brunch airs on Sunday at 9.30am on Channel 4.