The highly-respected TV presenter says it would be a crucial first step in changing negative attitudes towards the elderly. She highlights a crisis of loneliness among our older population, with some feeling so forgotten they have tried to end their lives.   She highlights a crisis of loneliness among our older population, with some feeling so forgotten they have tried to end their lives. It doesn’t have to be this way. The UK may have lessons to learn from those parts of the world where the elderly are cherished and different generations remain part of each other’s lives. Unfortunately, we don’t always value retirees and people with experience as much as we could in this country. The case for a dedicated government minister is made even stronger by the current cost-of-living crisis. There are going to be dark days ahead and the elderly will be among those who suffer most. Many are getting by on relatively modest incomes, but rising bills threaten to increase the sense of isolation among those who have nobody with whom they can share their fears and concerns. We should do what we can to lighten their burden. As Dame Esther says, the creation of a champion to speak up for them in government would be a key step forward.  Today we can celebrate victory in another Daily Express campaign with news that hundreds more patients with multiple sclerosis are receiving a drug that reduces painful muscle spasms. The cannabis-based medicine Sativex can ease ­stiffness and involuntary muscle contractions. However, a postcode lottery meant thousands of patients were being denied the treatment based solely on where they lived. We joined forces with the MS Society to highlight the problem, and the number of local NHS bodies funding prescriptions has now increased significantly. Part of our role as a newspaper is to campaign for those people who need a voice, with the support of our readers. Standing up for people is an important part of being British and with your backing it is something we will continue to do.  Vanessa Feltz always tells it like it is, as we saw once again when she said farewell to the BBC. She may be excited about her new role with TalkTV, but leaving Auntie after 20 years was an emotional moment and she let the tears flow. Her fans will no doubt stick with her as she takes over the “drive-time” show. We wish her every success. 