It comes following record breaking temperatures last month which saw some areas hit 40.3C. And that was not the last of the heat, with another heatwave forecasted for this week. A Level 3 Heat Health Alert has been issued for southern and central England from Tuesday through to Saturday, as some areas could see temperatures of up to 36C. The Met Office has warned that the UK could reach official heatwave criteria by Friday.  Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Tony Wardle said: “Heatwave criteria is likely to be met for large areas of the UK later this week, with the hottest areas expected in central and southern England and Wales on Friday and Saturday. “Temperatures could peak at 35C, or even an isolated 36C on Saturday. “Elsewhere will see temperatures widely into the high 20s and low 30s Celsius later this week as temperatures build day-on-day through the week due to an area of high pressure extending over much of the UK. “Coupled with the high daytime temperatures will be continued warm nights, with the mercury expected to drop to only around low 20s Celsius for some areas in the south.”   And with a number of hosepipe bans already issued, there are fears these could continue through to October. The Met Office has predicted that rivers may not return to healthy levels for some time. Forecasters said that despite temperatures dropping again after the weekend, it would be a while before there was “meaningful rainfall”. Hosepipe bans have been put in place in Hampshire, Kent and Sussex, with both Southern Water and South East Water announcing the restrictions for their customers.  READ MORE: British boy, 8, suffers horrifying attack as THREE sharks bite him  Southern Water has brought in a hosepipe ban covering Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, and applied for a “drought permit” that would allow it to draw more water from the River Test to supply homes. If granted, the permit will remain in force for six months. Southern Water’s long-range modelling includes a “median scenario” in which river levels would climb back above 500 megalitres in early October and stay there for several weeks, suggesting a ban could be lifted by the end of that month. But if rainfall is sufficient to keep gardens watered naturally, the hosepipe ban could be lifted before the river reaches this level, it is understood.  DON'T MISS:Halifax scam warning: BBC caller brilliantly foils sham to steal £2k [INSIGHT]Andrew Neil shares economic attack on inflation [COMMENT]Enormous smoke cloud as rockets rain down on occupied land [PICTURES] Thames Water and Welsh Water have issued warnings that similar bans could be imposed. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Tony Wardle said: “With high pressure dominant this week, the influence of any showers will be contained to the far northwest, and even here will be short-lived in nature. “Further south, which has seen little rain for some time now, dryness will continue through the week and provide no relief for parched land, especially in the southeast. “Some change to more unsettled conditions is then signalled but, as is often the case during the summer, details a week or more in advance of showers and rain are highly uncertain.” England has experienced its driest July since 1935. 