Beauty expert and Skincare Scientific Advisor at Skin Trust Club, Tracey Ryan, claimed Meghan Markle "is known for keeping her beauty routines simple, and even has a rule with make-up artists to keep her foundation light and natural". The Duchess of Sussex likes to keep her face clean and "always removes her make-up at the end of the day," the expert explained. If dirt and make-up are not removed from the surface of the skin at night, irritation could occur and it can cause the skin to age more rapidly. Tracey revealed Meghan Markle may also follow other skincare rituals on a daily or weekly basis, such as facial massages and exfoliation. The expert said: "She exfoliates daily and even massages her face to reduce the signs of ageing." READ MORE: What's next for 'clever' Lady Louise Windsor after A-Level results Meghan Markle previously explained: "I do facial exercises from one of my favourite aestheticians, Nichola Joss, who basically has you sculpt your face from the inside out. “I swear it works, as silly as you may feel. On the days I do it, my cheekbones and jawline are way more sculpted," the Duchess told Birchbox. Facial massages can be conducted every night at home using facial rollers which can be purchased on Amazon for less than £10. In terms of make-up, Meghan "is a fan of using illuminating primers," according to Tracey.  The Duchess uses primers to "keep her looking fresh-faced all day without the need for heavy make-up, helping to maintain that youthful glow". The beauty expert also commented on the Duchess of Cambridge's beauty routine, who "similarly, is known for her youthful skin despite being a busy mum of three". Tracey explained: "Kate is fond of using natural oils on her face to seal in moisture and help keep her skin looking plump, reducing wrinkles and fine lines." In fact, the Duchess of Cambridge reportedly uses rosehip oil every night to moisturise her skin. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' The essential oil helps fade dark spots, naturally moisturises the skin and has anti-inflammatory properties. When the Duchess of Cambridge was pregnant with Princess Charlotte back in 2017, US Weekly reported: "Kate continues to use rosehip oil in her daily skincare regiment. "She loves the effect it has on her skin. [Her mother] Carole [Middleton] is also a fan," a source close to the royal told the publication. Tracey also explained Kate "uses natural fibre face cloths to cleanse her face daily". The skincare expert said: "Natural fibre face cloths are far more gentle on the skin than any exfoliating or cleansing tool and can help nurture your skin’s microbiome. "Using harsh cleansing tools on your skin can damage the all important skin barrier leaving you susceptible to skin imperfections, infections and even leading to more dangerous conditions." Kate's make-up artist Arabella Preston said this is the best way to remove any dirt and make-up after a long day. The skincare item can be found for as little as £1 on Amazon but any small and soft towel can also be used for this purpose.