The Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry were married on May 19, 2018, in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. Author Tom Bower has claimed Meghan appeared to struggle with her dress as she exited her car upon arrival. Footage from the wedding reportedly shows Meghan's veil had become twisted in the vehicle. An aide and dress designer Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy rushed to assist the bride-to-be. However, a military man who was tasked with opening the car door for Meghan did not offer his help over an incident the previous day. Mr Bower claimed Meghan was rude to the man during the wedding rehearsal. Speaking on an episode of the Mirror's Pod Save the Queen podcast, Mr Bower claimed: "A military man told me an extraordinary story about Meghan when she arrived at the wedding at Windsor Castle on that glorious day in 2018. "You see her get out of the car unaccompanied and she has problems with the train of her dress and the army officer doesn't step forward to help her. "And the reason is, is the day before in the rehearsal, she had been very rude to him so he thought 'well I'm not going to help you today'. "I didn't get the story from him but a fellow officer of his, who explained what had happened." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan & Harry Netflix nightmare - 'intense battle'  Mr Bower also claimed Meghan’s father Thomas Markle told him the Duchess barely knew the Hollywood A-listers who attended her wedding to Harry. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Bower said: "Thomas Markle told me that he knew the people at the wedding better than Meghan because he had filmed with them all at ABC and other studios. "Meghan didn't know Oprah at all. She's met her once for a few minutes. "She didn't know George Clooney, that was passing once they'd met. "It was all for her future. She used the wedding to build up her career for when she returned to Hollywood." DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Fury as 'stupid' US 'propaganda' claims EU exit 'fantasy'Meghan and Harry's biographer's new book to 'have the world talking'Taiwan readies fighter jets as Pelosi enters airspace It comes as a sequel to "Finding Freedom", an unofficial biography of Meghan and Harry, is in the works. Journalist Omid Scobie, who co-authored ‘Finding Freedom’ with journalist Carolyn Durand, will publish a follow-up next year. Its UK publisher HarperCollins said the book will focus on “a new chapter of the royal story and feature unique insight, deep access and exclusive revelations”, and will “have the world talking”. Harry’s own memoirs will be out later this year, although it currently has no title and no official release date. Publisher Penguin Random House, when it announced the book in summer 2021, said it was “tentatively scheduled for late 2022”.