Alpine claimed Fernando Alonso will be replaced by reserve Oscar Piastri for the 2023 season on Tuesday night after the veteran driver announced his departure to Aston Martin. It looked like the Enstone team had moved swiftly to block Piastri’s potential move to McLaren and handed their junior driver a spot racing alongside Esteban Ocon next season. Yet Piastri has thrown a spanner in the works. The Australian is currently contracted as Alpine’s reserve for 2022 and the French team held the option to promote him to a full drive as part of his development contract, according to team principal Otmar Szafnauer. And it appeared the 2021 Formula 2 champion would finally get his chance to race in F1. "After four years as part of the Renault and Alpine family, Reserve Driver Oscar Piastri is promoted to a race seat alongside Esteban Ocon starting from 2023," the team tweeted on Tuesday. It comes after Alonso’s surprise move to Aston Martin to fill the void left by Sebastian Vettel, who is retiring at the end of the season, with Alpine only discovering the 41-year-old's switch on social media after holding talks with Alonso on Sunday. READ MORE: Alonso to Aston Martin could spark three driver moves Szafnauer hailing the 21-year-old's potential. "Oscar is a bright and rare talent," he said. "We are proud to have nurtured and supported him through the difficult pathways of the junior formulae. Through our collaboration over the past four years, we have seen him develop and mature into a driver who is more than capable of taking the step up to Formula One. "As our reserve driver he has been exposed to the team at the track, factory and testing where he has shown the maturity, promise and speed to ensure his promotion to our second seat alongside Esteban. Together, we believe the duo will give us the continuity we need to achieve our long-term goal of challenging for wins and championships." DON'T MISSRicciardo F1 future under threat as McLaren may hijack WilliamsF1 'silly season' tipped to see Gasly, Schumacher and Ricciardo switchRicciardo sets challenge to Zak Brown amid sack rumours Yet Piastri tweeted later in the evening: "I understand that, without my agreement, Alpine F1 have put out a press release late this afternoon that I am driving for them next year. This is wrong an I have not signed a contract with Alpine for 2023. I will not be driving for Alpine next year." It was widely expected that Piastri, who races under the Australian flag, would be a contender for the Williams seat next season. But his manager Mark Webber, the former Red Bull driver, had reportedly agreed a deal to go to McLaren. However, Szafnauer insisted that Piastri is contractually obliged to drive for the team in 2023 after Alonso's departure made a race seat available. But there are now doubts as to whether he will become the second Australian on the grid alongside Daniel Ricciardo, and he may instead be lined up to replace his countryman at McLaren.