Cristiano Ronaldo’s reaction to Jadon Sancho’s goal against Liverpool on Monday night could prove that the veteran striker’s heart is not entirely away from Manchester United. Ronaldo has been linked with a departure from Old Trafford this summer, with some reports suggesting that the Portugal captain is unhappy at the club. But Ronaldo’s response to Sancho handing United the lead against Liverpool painted a very different picture. Sancho put Erik ten Hag’s side on their way to an impressive 2-1 victory over the Reds. United were excellent at Old Trafford and went ahead in the 16th minute. A wonderfully crafted move eventually saw Anthony Elanga send the ball across the penalty area to Sancho. The England winger took a touch before his dummy sent both James Milner and Alisson Becker to the floor, allowing him to roll the ball into the net. And a video of the substitutes’ bench reacting to the goal shows that Ronaldo is fully invested in United. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp gives response to Van Dijk and Milner 'fighting' The iconic striker, who had been dropped from the starting line-up by Ten Hag, rose from his seat as United’s attack developed. Anthony Martial, who was sat alongside Ronaldo, urged his team-mates forward. As Sancho rolled the ball into the net, Martial punched the air in celebration while Ronaldo stood and applauded. It was a display of humility from a player whose relegation from the starting 11 dominated much of the pre-match narrative. Ronaldo’s future is still not completely clear. It is believed that he still wants to leave United, but that might be tough given that there are fewer than two weeks remaining until the end of the transfer window. DON'T MISS...Frenkie de Jong shows his feelings on Casemiro to Man Utd transferMan Utd board’s meeting outcome as Murtough makes last De Jong pushAntony drops latest Man Utd transfer hint during Liverpool victory The 37-year-old has revealed that he will conduct a tell-all interview in the next few weeks to explain the ‘truth’ about his situation over the summer. But head coach Ten Hag has hit back at that plan, telling Sky Sports: “I don’t know what he will achieve with that. If you want to know the answer, you would have to ask him.” The Dutchman hinted that he left out Ronaldo against Liverpool due to his lack of mobility. Marcus Rashford - who scored United’s second goal - Sancho and Anthony Elanga started in a front three. “We know Liverpool are a really good team and you need to press them,” Ten Hag said. “You have to do that out of a block and need energy, that is why we went with Rashford, Sancho, Elanga.”