It won’t be long before the world of Westeros is finally back on screens after a three year wait from the final season of Game of Thrones. Fans will find out even more about the powerful Targaryen family in HBO’s brand new fantasy series, House of the Dragon, and main star Paddy Considine had nothing but glowing remarks for the George RR Martin prequel’s director and co-showrunner. English film and television star Paddy has named House of the Dragon showrunner Miguel Sapochnik as one of the best directors he has ever worked with. Fans have been sharing their concerns of the series following the controversial conclusion to the mainline Game of Thrones saga in 2019. Thankfully, the King Viserys star was assured he had made the right decision in signing on when he began filming the first episode, The Heirs of the Dragon. “You've got to have somebody you can trust on something like this,” he explained. READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement “It's a big ol' production, and you have to make it as intimate as you possibly can. “And Miguel was the person. I'm a bit like that; a bit of a lost kid myself. I need a touchstone. I need somebody that I trust, and he was the guy.” Miguel has had a wealth of experience working in TV, having directed episodes of hit shows such as True Detective, Altered Carbon and the original Game of Thrones. He has also helmed the films Repo Men with Jude Law and Forest Whitaker, and the Tom Hanks-led sci-fi drama Finch for Apple TV+. Paddy told Screen Rant: “I enjoyed being directed by Miguel. Miguel gives great notes, and I respond very well to that. I like exploring. “I don't like c**p notes. I hate that. And if I'm onto something, I don't want the note of somebody that distracts me further away from where I'm getting in, which can happen too. Miguel didn't do any of that.” His compliments will certainly be encouraging for fans of the main series who might be worried about HBO’s bold new direction for the Westeros fantasy epic. The series turns back the clocks to hundreds of years before A Song of Ice and Fire, when dragons were still commonplace throughout the continent. DON'T MISS:Peaky Blinders star recalls ‘strange day’ with Cillian Murphy [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun’s Ben Hillman dodges property probe [VIDEO]Stranger Things’ Steve star Joe Keery lands major film role [LATEST] Game of Thrones’ first spin-off will trace the rise of the tyrannical Targaryen family before the war known as the Dance of the Dragons knocks them off the Iron Throne. Praising Miguel’s work on the series further, he complimented the director’s ability to get the best performances possible out of House of the Dragon’s all-star cast. “Good directors elevate you,” he explained. “That's the difference between good ones and bad ones. “Even if they're mad, they elevate you. And that's what I feel the best directors I've worked with do. They elevate me, and that elevates the work. “And I count Miguel in there. So, I loved it. I love collaborating with directors who know what they're talking about. “It was great; I had a great relationship with him. You need it, otherwise you're directing yourself, and that's not good.” His praise for Miguel is strong coming from an actor who has worked with the likes of Shane Meadows, Edgar Wright and Armando Iannucci and should assure fans the first Game of Thrones spin-off is in safe hands. House of the Dragon airs on HBO from August 21, with the series arriving on Sky Atlantic and NOW on August 22.