Lando Norris could be given a chance to boost his F1 skills by getting behind the wheel of a rally car after a huge offer from a World Rally Championship star. It comes after Norris admitted he wanted to try rallying at some point after doing some off-road filming for his new clothing line. He said he really, really wants to have a go” behind the wheel and claimed he could be tempted at the end of the season. However, Oliver Solberg, Son of WRC legend Petter Solberg, responded to the article with an offer to the McLaren star. He posted: “Give me a call Lando Norris - we can sort that out.” Speaking at the Ypres Rally, Solberg admitted he was serious about the offer as Norris was a “super talented” driver. Cheekily, Solberg also hinted he would like a go in Norris’ McLaren F1 car at the same time. He told Motorsport.com: “If he wants to come to the farm in Sweden we have a lot of rally cars hanging around, if he wants to come a drive a bit, for sure. “I can message him Monday morning and ask him to come to drive a rally car. READ MORE: Lando Norris comments on Daniel Ricciardo replacement at McLaren “He is a super good driver and super talented, so I’m sure he will do great in a rally car as well, as long as I can have a go in his Formula 1 car as well.” Kimi Raikkonen and Robert Kubica are just two examples of F1 stars who have got behind the wheel of competitive rally driving. WRC drivers are renowned for having superb car control which could be a boost to Norris’ F1 career. Former team-mate Carlos Sainz has dabbled in some off-road driving alongside his WRC championship father Carlos Sainz Snr. The Ferrari star previously said he believed rally driving can improve car handling skills which would make F1 stars “better” behind the wheel. DON'T MISSLando Norris pays tribute to Daniel Ricciardo after McLaren axing [INSIGHT]Ricciardo to leave McLaren as Norris gets new team-mate for 2023 [ANALYSIS]Norris claims McLaren car 'very unsuited' to him ahead of Belgian GP [COMMENT] He explained: “I work based on the theory that it doesn’t make you a worse driver. If anything it makes you a better, a more complete driver, so I’m still going to do it. I think they’re missing a lot of fun if they’re not doing [it], that’s for sure. “I enjoy it a lot and every time I can I try and put myself in a rally car and go for it. It might not change you, might not make you better, but for sure it doesn’t make you worse. It’s something that gives me a good feeling, it’s good fun and it could actually could make me have a better car feeling and better car handling.”