Manchester United players were unhappy earlier in the week at claims Marcus Rashford’s brother had met with Paris Saint-Germain, according to reports. The England international’s poor form from last season has carried into the current campaign. And it’s stated the club are eyeing a move for Leicester’s Jamie Vardy as they look to climb up the Premier League table after a nightmare start to the Erik ten Hag era. Rashford spent the summer getting in shape, with the United star working hard to ensure he can hit the ground running under Ten Hag. Yet the England international has endured a difficult start to the current campaign, cutting an anonymous figure in defeats against the likes of Brighton and Brentford. Earlier in the week, Rashford was linked with a move to PSG. The Ligue 1 giants are reportedly keen to deploy the England international alongside the likes of Kylian Mbappe, Neymar and Lionel Messi over at the Parc des Princes. And it’s claimed by The Athletic that this news ‘raised eyebrows’ among certain members of the United squad. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Members of the dressing room were ‘surprised’ by the development but it doesn’t appear Rashford will be leaving the club any time soon. Though his contract is due to expire at the end of the current season, United are able to extend it by a further year due to a clause in his contract. And the Red Devils will be hoping Rashford can bounce back from his slow start to the campaign, with Liverpool next up a week on Monday. The publication says that, at a time where United are looking for a new forward, Vardy is under consideration behind the scenes. The veteran has been a prolific goalscorer during his time in the Premier League, scoring 133 goals from 272 appearances in the top flight. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Yet while Vardy is approaching the twilight years of his career at the age of 35, that hasn’t stopped United from eyeing a deal. Leicester don’t want to sell the veteran, however, with Brendan Rodgers eager to keep hold of the England international as he seeks improvement at the King Power Stadium. Therefore, it’s possible United will look at alternatives. Alvaro Morata is one potential option, despite the Atletico Madrid hitman previously toiling during his time in England with Chelsea. But that would be a risky move, especially with the Spain international blowing hot and cold for club and country in recent years. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Morata came close to moving to Old Trafford in 2017 and even dyed his hair red ahead of joining United. Yet he was shocked when Jose Mourinho landed Romelu Lukaku from Everton instead, with Morata then proceeding to join Chelsea from Real Madrid. Meanwhile, regarding Rashford, Ten Hag was asked about the United star prior to the club’s 4-0 defeat to Brentford on Saturday. And he made it clear he wanted to keep hold of the 24-year-old, who has scored 93 goals for the club since making his debut under Louis van Gaal six years ago. “He is really important,” said the Dutchman. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “You have seen from the first day I'm in [the club], I've been really pleased [with him]. “Definitely, I don't want to lose him. He's in our plans and he will stay at Manchester United.” One bit of welcome news for United concerns Anthony Martial. The France international, who dazzled during pre-season, has missed the club’s first two league matches through injury. But he’s now back in training and will be hoping to start when the Red Devils lock horns with Liverpool next week. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here