Lady Louise Windsor joined Prince Edward, Sophie Countess of Wessex and James Viscount Severn at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham today. The Queen’s granddaughter chose a multi-coloured dress, and kept her outfit casual with a pair of white trainers. It has now been revealed her dress, is in fact, her mother’s. Lady Louise chose to borrow a midi-dress from her mother, Sophie Wessex’s wardrobe for the outing. The dress is by designer Peter Pilotto, and the Countess first wore it back in 2015 when attending the Chelsea Flower Show. It features a multi-coloured fabric with an interesting design that creates a silhoutte, and gives the illusion of an hourglass shape for the person wearing it. It has a ruffled asymmetric hemline and is made from the softest crepe material. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex turns heads at Commonwealth Games in £130 maxi skirt The dress was sleeveless, and featured a bright pink waistband. Lady Louise chose to wear a pair of white trainers to keep the look casual. She also opted for a brown suede tassle bag which she wore slung over one shoulder. In terms of accessories, she wore a long silver chain with a large pendant, and silver bracelets on her left wrist. The young royal also chose a pair of small stud earrings. DON'T MISS...British couple demand £5k refund for 'horrific' Caribbean getaway [NEWS]Diet: Michael Mosley on the ‘most important part of weight loss’ [COMMENT]August 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [EXPERT] She kept her hair out of her face in a half up half down hairstyle, and her natural curls sat on her shoulders. Peter Pilotto has dressed some of the most famous faces. Sophie and Lady Louise are not the first member of the Royal Family to step out in one of his designs. Princess Eugenie has been photographed wearing one of his dresses before now. READ MORE: Queen Rania broke tradition at wedding with royal style standards The designer, however, has been taking a hiatus from the fashion industry. Back in April 2020, he took to Instagram to announce his break. The statement reads: “After 12 ehilarating years of collaboration, Peter Pilotto and Christopher De Vos have decided to take a break and pause their eponymous brand Peter Pilotto.” Commenting, Peter and Christopher said: “We have loved working together and love what we have created with Peter Pilotto.  “The brand is a true blend of our passions and creativity, but we need time to pause and rethink before we explore our next steps in this rapidly changing world. “We are excited about our next phase, whether seperately or jointly.” It is not know when Lady Louise’s dress was made, but it is not currently available to buy.