A large deployment of officers, an air ambulance, a motorcycle paramedic and other emergency professionals are at Creek Road, which is currently closed off, in response to reports of a shooting. Scotland Yard said: "Firearms officers attended the scene. The man was located. A police firearm was discharged and the man sustained a gunshot injury." They have urged residents to avoid the area. Scotland Yard added: "At 14:31hrs on Friday, August 5, police received multiple 999 reports of a man with a firearm in Creek Road. "London Ambulance Service and the Air Ambulance also attended." They said of the man targeted by armed officers: "He was treated at the scene before being taken to hospital. We await an update on his condition. "No other injuries have been reported." READ MORE: When your area will get rain – latest maps and charts It comes after a Twitter user reported having heard "gunshots", while another said "there has been a shooting right in front of where I am visiting in Greenwich". According to a third, a member of the public was rescued by an air ambulance. Greenwich West Police said: "Serious incident on Creek Road between Greenwich Town Centre and Deptford. Road closed. Please avoid the area." Eyewitness Clare Thomas told Express.co.uk: "We were passing in traffic on Creek Bridge and saw a gunman. "We made a call reporting this." Images shared online show the extent of the emergency service deployment. One post read: "Something serious going on around Greenwich. "Entire bridge shut, ambulance and helicopters and loads of police." DON'T MISSHosepipe ban rules: Every restriction outlined [INSIGHT]What is to blame for the recession? [HAVE YOUR SAY]NHS patients should be punished for missing appointments [POLL] London Ambulance Service confirmed they were called to reports of a shooting and a man had required further attention after being treated at the site of the incident. A spokesperson said: "We were called at 2:42pm today (5 August) to reports of a shooting in Creek Road, Greenwich. "We sent a number of resources including an ambulance crew, an advanced paramedic, a motorcycle paramedic, a medic in a fast response car and an incident response officer, and we also dispatched medics from London's Air Ambulance. "We treated a man at the scene and took him as a priority to a major trauma centre." While a large police cordon remains in place on Creek Road, officers at the scene have said it does not seem as if there was a threat to people. A police spokesperson said: "The investigation is in its early stages. "At present, there does not appear to be an ongoing threat to the wider public."