Over the decades, the monarchy has demonstrated an ability to adapt to the changing times and modernise itself. Former royal butler Grant Harrold argued differences can be seen from one generation to another and pointed out as an example how Prince Charles has more of a "traditional side to him" than his eldest son. He told OK! magazine: "William has totally been brought up in the image of his mother and father. "Likewise, Charles was brought up in the image of his parents and has a traditional side to him." As a result of this slow but constant evolution, Prince George may find himself leading a Firm with a touch of "celebrity" in it, Mr Harrold said. He explained: "Going down another generation, to Prince George’s time, I think the Royal Family will be completely different to what it is now. "In the next 30 years, I think it will be a very different monarchy. "I think it will be a lot like the Royal Family in Monaco where people respect them but they have a bit of celebrity to them, too." The pomp and ceremony will remain a staple of the future Firm, the commentator believes, but some aspects of the royal etiquette and protocol may be dropped. He added: "We might see more hugs, fist bumps and casual conversations." READ MORE: Queen shares hilarious reaction to Kate and Prince William's renovated Prince William and Kate have often ditched protocol during their engagements. Most recently, the Duke happily hugged the Lionesses following their victory in the Women's Euro final at Wembley Stadium, despite members of the Royal Family are not expected to be touched more than with a handshake. Mr Harrold's remarks come a few months after it was claimed the Cambridges are planning to rip up the royal rulebook when the Duke accedes to the throne. One report published in May claimed William and Kate will want to be addressed in a more informal fashion - by name rather than their full titles. While on duty, formalities such as curtsies and bows will no longer be part of the mandatory behaviour their hosts and guests should follow, it was also claimed. A source told the Sunday Mirror: "They want to be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy and break away with a lot of the tradition. "So now it’s more ‘Wills and Kate’ instead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge... ‘Just call me Wills’ type of thing. "They want to try to avoid the bows and curtsies in public, be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy, and break away with a lot of the tradition and focus on a modern monarchy." These changes were motivated in particular by the Cambridges' tour to three Caribbean islands in March, which featured a few missteps and formalities reminding of the colonial era. As third-in-line to the throne, Prince George will one day follow his father on the throne and lead the Firm and the country. His siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are expected to support him as working royals. Despite their young age, the children are slowly introduced to the concept of royal duties. Prince George and Princess Charlotte in particular have already reached several important milestones as members of the Royal Family. In December 2019, they carried out their first royal walkabout, meeting fans in Sandringham after attending the Christmas Day service. In March, they attended together a poignant memorial service dedicated to Prince Philip alongside most members of the Firm. And during the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend, the siblings travelled for the first time to Wales to meet local royal well-wishers marking the Queen's historic reign, in what became their first official visit to Cardiff.