Matt Goss, who was the lead singer of Bros alongside his drummer twin Luke, has moved back over to the UK after living in the US for 25 years, where he held a Las Vegas residency for more than a decade. On August 8  —  which is both his late mother’s birthday and “Matt Goss Day” in Vegas  —  it was announced that he was the eighth contestant joining this year’s Strictly lineup. The Are You Ready singer has now revealed he has “slight social anxiety” and made the decision to go on the show as he had become “absurdly private” while out in the US.   Although the 53-year-old is nervous about donning the sequins and taking to the dance floor, he thinks he is fit enough — with a 32-inch waist — but is not complacent about the challenge he faces.  When asked why he decided to take part in the competition in an interview with the Metro newspaper, Goss answered: “I have no idea!“I took the phone call from really lovely people and I thought, ‘You’re going back to the UK and you’ll end up hiding in your home’.“But I don’t want to be reclusive — it’s an emotional conversation for me because I was becoming absurdly private in Vegas, which wasn’t good for me.“I have a slight social anxiety, which is hard to admit, but I just want to live and enjoy." He continued: “There’s not one piece of me that is taking Strictly for granted. I know it’s a real skill that the dancers have.“It’s going to be a learning process and I’m looking forward to that as well as changing shape a little bit.“I want to push myself. I’m definitely nervous but I’ve got good butterflies about it.“I haven’t had those in a while. And I’m quite fit."For an old man, I’m doing all right. I’m still a 32-inch waist!” READ MORE: Matt Goss: Mum would have loved to have seen me star on Strictly The 2018 documentary, Bros: After the Screaming Stops, gave an insight into Goss and his elder brother’s relationship which he has said is still "complicated" in an interview with MailOnline.The pair shot to fame in 1988 with the hits "When Will I Be Famous" and "I Owe You Nothing" before splitting in 1992.However, Goss said he would still do “anything” for his twin, with Luke equally giving him support for his decision to appear on the hit show, telling him he will “smash” it.Goss continued: “He says, ‘You’re going to smash it.' He knows I’ll be committed. I think he’s happy for me because we’re both quite drawn to privacy.“A lot of people were surprised that I’m doing Strictly but before I do, I just want to sit with my emotions.“I’ve done my residency in Vegas for 11 years, 120 shows a year, it’s been one hell of a schedule.“I haven’t had a second to just feel how I feel.” DON'T MISS: Countryfile fans shocked by ‘pure filth’ during Hamza Yassin's segment [INSIGHT]Michael Douglas in urgent plea as he sends imposter warning to fans [ANALYSIS]Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation  [REPORT] Goss will be appearing alongside other stars, namely presenter Helen Skelton and former Paralympian Ellie Simmonds.Although the celebrities have not yet taken to the dance floor, former X Factor singer Fleur is already the current favourite to lift the Glitterball later this year.Strictly Come Dancing is set to return to our screens on BBC One in September.