The Poldark star talked about filming the upcoming ITV drama and admitted he isn't "good with heights". Speaking to Express.co.uk, he went on to joke that the shrieks heard from him in the scene "were real". The actor also opened up about the complex character of Dr Joe O'Loughlin, the protagonist of the film, who quickly seems to turn from hero to potential villain. Although a stunt double helped to film the scene, which took place on the outside of a high building, Aidan still had to do some of the stunt himself. His character had to climb out of a window to try to help a man who was about to jump. The actor remarked: "It was terrifying. I'm not good with heights." "And we're still quite high up, which is great when you do these things because you could just infiltrate your own real emotion. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda jokes Clive 'shouldn't have' let her in "[It helps] for playing fear, or dialling that up. If there wasn't a height, if you're doing a green screen thing, for instance, I mean, they're really tricky. "Because to try to evoke that emotion from yourself, it's harder, you tend to overcook it." The actor laughed: "Those shrieks or whatever I'm doing in the scene are real. "It was kind of scary, but it still felt very safe, which is great." On the character of Joe, Aidan talked about how the character seems to change after the first 10 minutes of the episode. Viewers will go from seeing him as heroic to questioning him as a person and whether he's "good" or "bad". "Yeah, he's a complicated person," Aidan reflected. "That's what was interesting about it, too. Just a very interesting character for me. DON'T MISS... John Wayne on why he turned down High Noon role [VIDEO]Tyson Fury lands Netflix series documenting retirement [LATEST]Countdown star hides face as he's left mortified on BBC Breakfast host [VIDEO] "He's very layered. And, you know, he makes some decisions that are very questionable. "And I think it's interesting with a protagonist to have somebody so flawed for me to play something like that in recent times, with all the characters I play - they very much have a moral centre and a compass, and that's the direction we go in. "But obviously, he's [Joe] not a good guy, but just it feels real. "It feels like he's layered and difficult and he makes some interesting choices.  "And gets himself into a bind, it's interesting to see him try to get himself out of it. "But I think what was really interesting for me, when I first read the character was the ambiguity around good and bad. Is he good or evil? Is he both - can you be both? "You know... where's the lie? There's some truth in that lie and complexities around that. So it just feels rich for me, [to play] Joe." The Suspect starts on Monday at 9pm on ITV.