Michael Jackson's nephew Taj, 49, raged at Rolling Stone magazine for describing Harry Styles and the "new King of Pop" 13 years after his uncle's death. Arguing that Harry should be given his own separate title instead of intruding on Michael's trademark accolade, Taj warned: "There is no new King of Pop." "You don’t own the title @RollingStone, and you didn’t earn it, my uncle did," he declared on Twitter. "Decades of dedication and sacrifice," he exclaimed, before deciding: "The title has been retired." Michael achieved the best selling album in the history of music after producing the 1982 album Thriller, and went on to sell more than 400 million albums worldwide. Taj is adamant that no-one else deserves the right to the title often used to describe the legendary singer-songwriter. READ NOW: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life Referring to the 28-year-old One Direction star who achieved the title instead, he added: "No disrespect to @Harry_Styles, he’s mega talented." Then he suggested that Rolling Stone should "give him his own unique title". The impassioned tweet was a reply to one by the magazine, which asked the world: "How does [Harry] make all of it look so easy — even when it definitely isn’t?" and announced him as this year's October-November cover star. The cover displayed bare-chested Harry clutching a birthday cake, while his white furry coat hung open to reveal a butterfly tattoo on his midriff. He also wore a pair of pink glittery shorts, in a nod to his penchant for gender-bending fashion. However, the subheading on the cover that had Taj riled up read: "How the new King of Pop set the music world aflame". Taj's plea for the magazine not to erase Michael's title received more than 46,000 likes from his followers. Some accused the publication of "constantly disrespecting" Michael, pointing out that in 2003, prior to his death, it had tried to give the accolade to Justin Timberlake. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden 51 oozes sex appeal as she steps out of ocean in bikini [PHOTOS] Demi Rose flashes thighs and cleavage in glamorous holiday outfit [LATEST] Aidan Turner ‘didn’t feel objectified’ by racy topless Poldark shot [INTERVIEW] @Cheryl758 echoed: "There will NEVER be a new King of Pop. Michael Jackson will forever hold that title." @Styl3_Walk3r wrote: "I’m a huge Harry Styles fan but no. He is not the new King of Pop. There is no new King of Pop." @Keli0596 chimed in supportively: "Your uncle worked way too hard for this." @RENDEXVOUS added: "Well said Taj!! The King of Pop title is owned by your uncle and him only. "Rolling Stone know this, they did this to be controversial and to get people talking about it, the magazine and Harry all while blatantly being disrespectful to the true and only king of pop." Although most comments were in support of Michael's right to the title, others argued that in the world of real-life royalty, a new descendant would always replace a deceased king. "That's not how kings or monarchs work. MJ may have been the greatest king of all time, he may be the best king ever, but new kings can and will exist after him (even if they do pale in comparison)," another follower, @DavidBattersby wrote. "No new songs in over a decade, no #1 hits in nearly 2, his reign as king is over." However @PharmacyBrownie warned: "People should break Michael Jackson’s Thriller album sales figures first."