Meghan Markle and Prince Harry live in a Californian mansion believed to be worth a huge $14.7million, or £11million. They have given royal fans a look into their home on a number of occasions. These have mostly been via video call as the Sussexes worked from home. Meghan has now spoken about her property in a new interview with The Cut. Branding her home as the place where she "feels free", the royal detailed some features of her shared office with Harry. This included two "plush club chairs" which are placed side by side behind a single desk, facing the room "like thrones". READ MORE: Princess Anne’s ‘most annoying’ habit exposed by Zara Tindall Royal fans previously got a glimpse of this set up in a video released to mark Meghan's 40th birthday in August 2021. It showed the desk sitting in front of a large stone fireplace in a spacious room with white walls and cream carpet. The new interview detailed other features of their home including a grand piano - a housewarming gift from Tyler Perry - and Soho House candles, which retail from £60. It was also revealed the home is currently undergoing some minor renovations, such as pipes being fixed.  Videos from during the pandemic showed Meghan and Harry speaking from various rooms in their home. One clip showed them sitting in what appeared to be their living room. They were sitting on a plush cream sofa in front of double doors with a dark wooden frame. Another showed the couple has "I love California" artwork on the wall. The Duke and Duchess have also shown off their large garden. Meghan spoke in more detail of why a feature in the garden was a draw for them buying the home. She mentioned seeing two palm trees, which are connected at the bottom, when first viewing the property. The mother-of-two went on to share that Harry said they represent the royals. Even their son, Archie, will say "Hi momma, hi papa", when passing the trees, she revealed. Glimpses inside the home have shown the couple have a love for all things minimal. All rooms seem to be decorated in hues of white, cream and brown. There have been sights of lots of stone and dark woods throughout the property.