Manchester United remain hopeful of signing Antony, despite seeing a huge £76million bid for the Brazil international turned down by Ajax. The Samba star is Erik ten Hag’s top target. And after two agreements, the Red Devils are now chasing the biggest of them all as they look to bring the 22-year-old to Old Trafford before the transfer window slams shut on Thursday night. Manchester United want to sign a new forward. Cristiano Ronaldo’s future remains uncertain, with the Portugal international left on the bench for the third time in four matches for his side’s showdown with Southampton on Saturday. Edinson Cavani is a figure of the past after leaving on a free transfer, while Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection. Antony has emerged as a priority target for United, with Ten Hag previously managing the Brazil international at Ajax - where they won trophies together. Now, the onus is on United to get a third agreement when it comes to the 22-year-old - with two in the bag already. The first, and it’s always worth noting, is the one between Ten Hag and the United hierarchy. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Managers of the Red Devils haven’t always agreed on targets with the hierarchy. Just ask David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The quartet have all, in the past, asked for some deals only for the Glazers and other members of the board to veto them - insisting the team is good enough how it is. Under Ten Hag, things feel different. Frenkie de Jong aside, United have landed all four of the Dutchman’s main aims in the forms of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro. And John Murtough and Ten Hag are on the same page when it comes to Antony, which is why the Red Devils are continuing negotiations with Ajax in the hope they’ll end up buckling. The second agreement also exists between the player and United. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Antony has never hid his desire to make the move to Old Trafford. Personal terms have been wrapped up, with the Samba star eager to be strutting his stuff in the Premier League. He’s expected to sign a five-year contract at the club, with the Red Devils eager to tie him down for the long term. And Antony recently went public as he attempts to secure a move away. Speaking to Fabrizio Romano, he said: “Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face new challenge and that some interested clubs would arrive and with them, certainly a great offer. “During the window months, meetings continued and I also received a proposal from Ajax for contract renewal. “I made it clear once again: I want to leave. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I was very happy in Amsterdam, I won titles at Ajax, made friends and built part of my career, but now I reinforce that I am ready and full of motivation to follow my story and my dreams. “People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. “I need this to continue performing at a high level. Ajax will always be in my heart.” Now, the third agreement United need is with Ajax themselves. The Eredivisie giants don’t want to lose another key asset, having seen the likes of Martinez, Ryan Gravenberch, Noussair Mazraoui and Sebastien Haller. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team They’ve now turned down two offers from United for their wing wizard. The second, which was worth a huge £76million, still isn’t considered enough. It was claimed on Saturday that Ajax actually want a fee closer to £84m to relinquish their No 11. And if United stump up the cash, the Brazil international will become their second most-expensive signing of all time. Whether the club do end up agreeing a fee for Antony remains to be seen. But United want him, Ten Hag wants him and Antony wants to join. That, overall, bodes well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here