Denise Dowse, who starred in Beverly Hills 90210, has died aged 64 after battling a "virulent form of meningitis". Her sister shared the tragic news on Instagram this week, who paid tribute to the "illustrious actress, mentor and director". Her death was announced on her Instagram in the early hours of this morning with a statement and a heartwarming picture of the late actress. The statement read: "I want to take this moment to thank our friends and family for all of the love and prayers. "It is with a very heavy heart that I inform everyone that my sister, Denise Dowse, has gone forward to meet our family in eternal life. "Denise Yvonne Dowse was the most amazing sister, a consummate, illustrious actress, mentor and director. She was my very best friend and final family member. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White furiously defended by co-star "Denise loved all of you. I know that she is watching over us with all the love she has. I ask for privacy and your continued prayers. "I will provide, at a later time, her Celebration of Life information. I will update you here. Again I am so grateful for all the calls, text messages, direct messages, and silent prayers for my sister. "We could not have made it so gracefully and painlessly without all of the prayer warriors around the world. Thank you for giving so selflessly. I love you, Tracey. Please reply on @dreamofthesoultd." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their condolences to Tracy as well as remember the great actress. Former 90210 Ian Ziering, commented: "This is insanely heartbreaking. Throughout all my years working on Beverly Hills 90210, my scenes with Denise will always be remembered with the utmost respect for her talent, and fondness for the loving soul she was. Sonyaeddy said: "I’m so sorry to hear this. Denise was one of my favorite people. One of the most giving, loving and gentle people I’ve met. I’m sending prayers and peace to her family and those who loved her." DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton opens up on family dynamic after split from Richie [INSIGHT] Kate Garraway on break from GMB amid Derek's 'life-threatening' sepsis [COMMENT] Blake Lively puts on leggy display in tight-fitted purple dress [HOLLYWOOD] "Some of my heartiest off camera laughs were between her and I hammering out the discipline Mrs. Teasley would dish out to my Steve Sanders. "My sincere condolences to her family, and all others who she was dear to. God bless you Denise, pay forward that Legacy Key." It was Denise's sister, Tracey, who revealed last week that the actress was in hospital after battling a "virulent form of meningitis". The post read: "As many of you have seen, my posts have been positive and uplifting. I am trying to keep my spirits up and support those who need it. As many of you know, I am a private person. So this is hard for me. "I am requesting support and prayers be offered to me and my sister, and my only immediate family @denisedowse. She is currently in the hospital in a coma brought on by a virulent form of meningitis. "Her doctors do not know when she will come out of the coma as it was not medically induced." Denise is known for her impressive career, with her recurring TV roles including Dr. Rhonda Pyne in HBO's Issa Rae series Insecure, from 2017-2020, as well as The Guardian and Beverly Hills, 90210. Her film roles include Coach Carter, Ray, and Requiem for a Dream. She also directed the upcoming film Remember Me: The Mahalia Jackson Story, starring Vanessa Williams, Corbin Bleu, Keith David and Columbus Short.