Southend have said they will discuss a “rearrangement” of the words in the name of their new West Stand name after it accidentally featured the name of a serial killer. A naming rights deal with local business sponsors Gilbert and Rose meant that the West Stand at Roots Hall stadium unwittingly featured the name of Rose West. The National League side were roundly mocked on social media after the news broke on Wednesday morning. Southend are now set to reconsider the name and will hold talks with estate agent company Gilbert and Rose. She was finally arrested in 1994 and is serving a life term in prison. News of Southend's new stand name caused a stir on social media, with many fans wondering how the name of Rose West was not noticed. Southend, who finished last season in 13th, begin their 2022-23 National League campaign at home to Boreham Wood on Saturday. They lost their final pre-season outing against National League South outfit Concord Rangers. DON'T MISS...Leeds 'submit £17m offer' for Newcastle target amid Terrier concernsMan Utd may get Frenkie de Jong transfer progress in next weekMan Utd might do six more deals as part of Ten Hag and Murtough plan  Manager Kevin Maher said: “I’m really pleased [with pre-season] in terms of the fitness levels. You look at the young lads here that have played, they look really fit and the same with most of the first team that played last night are in a good position. “We know where we need to add to in terms of bodies. If we could do a couple, that would be great but overall, pleased with everyone. I’ve been in clubs where you’ve won every game in pre-season and you start rubbish. We know what we want to see, and I think we’ve seen enough of that and look forward to a good week ahead and look forward to Saturday. “[Boreham Wood] have recruited ever so well. They’re very consistent at this level and have done ever so well for a good few years now, so we know how tough that’ll be. It’s one we hope to be ready for and just get the season started and start playing for three points again on a Saturday/Tuesday which is what we all want.”