The Duchess of Sussex debuted her new podcast Archetypes today, which examines the stereotypes which women face. During the first episode she recounted her anger at a 1990s advertisement which said "women are fighting greasy pans". Meghan claimed that two boys in her class, after viewing the commercial, said that women "belonged in the kitchen".    Meghan said: "I was furious, women? Did I really just hear that guy say that women, as in only women - women are the only ones who wash dishes and then I heard them, these two boys in my class breathing life into my biggest fear. "They said 'Yeah, that's where women belong - in the kitchen'. Oh man this did not sit well with 11-year-old me." The Duchess of Sussex then recounts how she went on a "letter writing campaign", sending letters to the First Lady at the time, Hillary Clinton, attorney Gloria Allred and Nick News W/5 host Linda Ellerbee. She also wrote to the head of the soap company to ask to have the word women in the ad changed to people.  Meghan added: "Would you believe it, three months later a new version of the ad appeared on TVs all around the country. "They changed the language in the ad from 'women' to 'people'." The Duchess said this was a "moment of triumph" and an "awakening" to the- "millions" of ways that society tells women "who and what they can be". She added: "In the last few years, my desire to do something about it has grown." READ MORE: Meghan Markle health: The Duchess on her hidden illness  Meghan said she wishes to follow in the footsteps of her younger self but that she has found a medium that may be a "tiny bit more effective", presumably referring to the new podcast. The podcast will feature a dozen episodes which will "rip apart the boxes that women have been placed into for generations", according to the Duchess. She will speak to household names and experts about stereotypical labels such as "diva, crazy, the b-word, sl**". She added: "Of course, I know a thing or two about these labels myself." DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Couldn't make it up! Meghan hit with backlash [LIVE]Huge EU scandal erupts as £2.1M invested in 'golden passports' [INSIGHT]UK sees record number of Channel migrant crossings in single day [REPORT]  The first episode in the 12-long series focuses on what Meghan calls the "double standards" placed on women who are ambitious. It is called The Misconception of Ambition with Serena Williams and features the tennis star. Meghan's husband, Prince Harry, even makes an appearance in during the episode, briefly speaking to Ms Williams and Meghan. The Duchess claimed that she had been criticised for being ambitious when she started dating Prince Harry. The release of the podcast comes before the Sussexes' return to England next month for events in London and Manchester before they head to Germany. 