The Brexiteer took to Twitter to warn about the potential surge as GB News reported more than 1,400 people had attempted to make the crossing last week. The numbers included 696 people who arrived on Monday (August 1), the largest number to cross in a single day in 2022. Mr Farage said: "If the weather holds, the numbers this month will be huge." The warm weather, lack of rain and slack winds in the English Channel have created ideal conditions for small boat crossings. The weather for the coming week is likely to hold - netweather.tv predicts sunshine and winds of less than 10 miles per hour in the channel next week. Mr Farage's prediction comes as GB News reported that 1,463 people made the crossing last week as of Saturday August 6.  This included a man who set off from France in a kayak sometime Thursday evening, he was picked up five miles from Dover at 9am on Friday. Additionally, on Thursday, 388 people were taken to the processing centre at Dover harbour after they attempted the journey in eight small boats. GB News also reported that numbers painted on the boats towed to Dover harbour show that at least 482 small boats have made the trip so far this year. More boats were reportedly spotted in the harbour on Saturday, meaning the number of migrants crossing the channel last week was likely in excess of 1,500. READ MORE: Russian rouble now useless as Putin's propaganda torn apart  This year has seen more than 13,000 migrants make the crossing, a record number compared to previous years. Earlier this year, a border force union official told Sky News that that number could reach as high as 60,000 by the end of 2022. She said: "The planning is for nearly 60,000, and that was before Ukraine." In 2021, 75 percent of small boat arrivals were men aged 18 to 39, according to Home Office data. DON'T MISS:China could take Taiwan in 48-hour 'lightning fast' assault [ANALYSIS]Musk primed to snub EU ‘bureaucracy’ and build new Tesla gigafactor...- [REPORT]NCIS fans baffled as Gibbs' house opens up major scene plot hole [INSIGHT]  The news comes after the Government's Rwanda plan was blocked by the European court of human rights in a last minute intervention. The plan would see asylum seekers transported to Rwanda where their claims would be processed. They would not return to the UK. Both Tory Leadership candidates Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak have endorsed the plan. Home Secretary Priti Patel has vowed to push forward with the plan, despite the court's ruling. It is likely that any future Home Secretary in Mr Sunak's or Ms Truss's Government would do the same. 