Liverpool slipped to a surprise draw with newly-promoted Fulham last weekend as goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah saw the Reds twice come from behind to cancel out Aleksandr Mitrovic's brace in west London and salvage a point. In dire need of a response having seen title rivals Manchester City comprehensively claim two wins from two at the start of the new campaign, Klopp's side could only manage yet another point on Monday night against the Eagles at Anfield. Wilfried Zaha inflicted a sucker punch on the counter to edge Patrick Vieira's side ahead shortly after the half-hour mark, before Liverpool's frustrations were compounded as star summer signing Darwin Nunez saw red in more ways than one. The Uruguayan hitman was sent off for a brutal headbutt on Palace centre-back Joachim Andersen as tempers boiled over. Luis Diaz then struck a stunner to salvage a point for the Reds, but their stuttering start to the season continued. Following the stalemate, Klopp expressed his pride at how his team responded as he implied it was as though his side were cursed in last weekend's Premier League opener at Craven Cottage. JUST IN: Gary Neville leaves studio in stitches with comment on Ten Hag "The real feeling I have is I’m proud because everything went against us last week, it was like there’s a witch in the stadium," Klopp declared. "Putting in such a performance under the circumstances I’m really proud." The Reds boss cut a frustrated figure at times against Palace as he watched his side squander a number of glorious opportunities throughout the contest. He admitted his side were "unlucky" on occasions but confessed Nunez's red card was justified, pointing out "that's not how you should behave". He said: "Really good start in the game, what we wanted, a lot of football we wanted to play, a lot of desire, we wanted to put it right. Unlucky in situations, the game-plan for Palace was defending deep and going for counter-attacks. DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp drops Darwin Nunez hint in Palace notesGraeme Souness claims Man Utd could sack Erik ten Hag next weekBoehly dealt blow as top target rejects Chelsea sporting director role "We gave them two opportunities, one the protection was right but we should’ve won it and Eze still got out, that shouldn’t happen, and the backline it’s difficult because of the pace of Zaha. Second half, a positive start then gained a red card. "I saw it just now, provoked all the time but that’s not how you should behave. Then four minutes later the equaliser, massive game for us with 10 men putting in such an effort." With just two games played Liverpool sit 12th in the Premier League table on two points - already four adrift of early pace-setters City. The Reds agonisingly missed out on a second Premier League title in three years last term, ending the campaign a solitary point behind Pep Guardiola's side.