If Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee thought they couldn't be hurt any more, last night's ruling proved otherwise because yet again they have been denied any control over their son's tragic life - or his death. So his parents appealed yet again to the European Court of Human Rights to try to stop him dying in the hospital they believe hasn't done enough to save him. They believe that, not because it's true - but because they are tortured by grief. Archie, 12, was found unconscious at home in April. His mum believes he was attempting the latest TikTok craze, the "blackout", which urges people to choke themselves until the point of losing consciousness.At least two other children have died. Doctors insist he has no hope of recovery. I get that some might think Hollie and Paul's attempts to keep their son alive are futile - but most parents would do exactly the same. Hope is what keeps people going in seemingly hopeless situations. "It's the end," said a broken Hollie this week. "They haven't given Archie any care. Again, our country has failed a 12-year-old child." She blames Britain, the doctors, the courts. And anyone with a heart - and a child - will understand why. She simply cannot accept her beautiful boy who was, and still is, her world, is technically dead. But maybe the judges and the doctors could have given her and Paul a bit more time to accept that. Doctors have said nothing can save him.And perhaps they're right, but the woman who gave birth to him maybe needed more time to process that. Because part of her is dying too. His parents begged to take Archie abroad for treatment after offers from doctors with "high success rates" flooded in. Experts said such offers were often made without full knowledge of the case. That's as maybe. But why didn't doctors here allow the Battersbees to take Archie to see them anyway? What did anyone have to lose?  At least then his parents would have felt they'd done everything humanly possible to save him. But in denying them that, it looks like doctors were callously cutting them out of the process of deciding what happens to their son. Now Paul and Hollie will forever feel cheated of what they believed to be Archie's last chance and they will spend the rest of their lives tormented by the fear they failed him. Of course that's not true - but it's what they will feel. Parents are hard-wired to believe they exist to protect their kids and if they can't do that the guilt will eat away at their very souls. And while it might not be the case here, doctors can be wrong. RememberAshya King? In 2014 the five-year-old had a brain tumour. His family believed NHS treatment could leave him unable to walk, talk and may even have killed him. His parents wanted to take him abroad for proton beam therapy but were refused permission and told it wouldn't work. They took him anyway and, despite an international manhunt, were eventually allowed to go to Prague for treatment. Today Ashya King is 13 years old. His brain tumour has gone. He goes to school, plays football and lives a full life. None of that would have happened if his parents had listened to doctors here. So yes, they can be wrong and Hollie and Paul needed to know whether they were wrong about their son's prognosis. I'm not saying that doctors abroad could have saved Archie.  What I am saying is his parents needed to know everything possible was done to save him. Yes, I get that keeping Archie alive costs - an estimated £225,000 so far. But how much money have we lavished on other children for whom there was little or no hope? The government spent £13million and 15 years looking for Madeleine McCann. In recent years, the hunt went on largely to keep hope alive for Kate and Gerry McCann. So why was it OK to invest in the McCanns' hope and not the Battersbees'? How we deal with life and death is about more than money. It's about acceptance. The Battersbees haven't accepted their boy is clinically dead.They will now live out their lives believing they were denied the chance to save him.And that's one hell of a burden to bear!  I seriously adore Jane Fonda. She's smart, sassy and at 84 she still looks better than most women half her age. But she's obviously getting a bit forgetful. "I had a facelift," she says. "But I won't go under the knife again." Did I read that right? A facelift? As in singular? The Grace and Frankie star said two years ago she was giving up on plastic surgery when she already looked like she'd had quite a bit. Then she came back for the latest (and last) series looking like she'd been through a wind tunnel and sporting lips that appeared to belong to someone else. "I don't want to look distorted," she says. Too late Jane, luv. Too late... I've bumped into "Diddy" David Hamilton twice in the last two weeks and he reminded me that years ago during an interview he actually picked me up. Well, thank God his Herculean strength remains because at 83 he and a host of other veteran presenters are broadcasting from their sheds and bedrooms for a new radio station called Boom, which caters for Baby Boomers. And it's fantastic. So fantastic that its ratings for the over-50s have jumped nearly 30 per cent in just six months and 44 per cent in the last year. Starring alongside Diddy, pictured, are Pete Murray, 96, Judi Spiers, 69, and "Kid" Jensen, 72. Johnnie Walker, 77, is coming soon. This is all a well-deserved smack in the face for BBC Radio 2, which used to cater for older listeners but now targets the young, who aren't listening and so ratings are down 5 per cent. Which is nothing less than it deserves. I wish I was as hard up as Fergie keeps saying she is. She's just bought a £5million pad in Mayfair, yet for decades she's been moaning that she's always on the brink of bankruptcy. So where has the cash come from? The Duke of York has denied any involvement so come on - serious question - how do skint people buy £5million houses? Because I want one. A new survey says women take an average of SIX pairs of shoes on holiday. Thank God for that - I thought I was a freak. For years I've been the butt of jokes from The Husband and my friends because I take a separate case for shoes and toiletries. It turns out I'm the normal one and they're the freaks for packing just one pair of sandals and one pair of flip-flops - for everything. It's the behaviour of savages! What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Six hundred government lawyers have had 1,900 hours of woke lessons which will apparently enable them to "recognise their privilege", be aware of their "implicit bias" and help them "take on the struggle" of others as their own. What a load of snowflakey claptrap. One "lesson" even asked these civil servants to think about "who you say hello to in the mornings", warning that their attitudes and stereotypes "can affect every area of your work if you're not careful". Well, that's one wasted lesson for a start. Because there's a fat chance of them saying good morning to anyone at the office, given that half of them are still working from home! In a self-pitying interview worthy of a BAFTA, a wailing, bare-faced Rebekah Vardy, who'd clearly left behind the trowel she normally shovels her slap on with in order to look like "sad, broken" Rebekah, says she's now suffering from PTSD. What's that then - Post Traumatic Squealer Disorder?