Jack Draper's victory over Stefanos Tsitsipas very nearly didn't even happen with the Brit admitting after the match that he came close to pulling out of the draw for the Canadian Open. The Brit has enjoyed a breakout season in 2022 having won his first-ever Grand Slam match at Wimbledon while also climbing up the rankings. He won four challenger titles earlier in the year to help push his rankings even higher and came into the North American hard-court swing aiming to boost his chances ahead of the US Open. At just 20 years of age, Draper is seen as one of Britain's brightest young talents on the ATP Tour. He was up against it last week when he faced off against No 1 seed Andrey Rublev at the Citi Open, losing in straight sets. But Draper went through the qualifiers to compete in the main draw of the Montreal Masters to eventually set up a fascinating clash with Tsitsipas. And the Brit took control of the opening set with Tsitsipas trying to hang on, only for the young ATP starlet to take a 1-0 lead. The match ended up going late into the night in Montreal and a third set would have taken it long past midnight.  But Draper managed to wrap things up in a closely-fought tiebreak, beating Tsitsipas in straight sets. It's the first time Draper had ever beaten a player ranked inside the top 10 and now he progresses to take on Gael Monfils in the next round. And Draper has admitted that it was only a few days ago that he was thinking of not even competing in the Masters 1000 event. "This is why I put in all the hard work," Draper said. “For nights like this on stages like this.  “Last week [after] Washington, me and my coach probably were thinking we weren't even going to come here. We were going to maybe train a week, get a bit of confidence. But it paid off coming." He added: "I didn't really have much of a game plan. I just thought I needed to play good tennis to beat Stefanos. He's at the top of the game for a reason. [He's] Someone I've looked up to the last few years. It's just good to be out here and try to express myself on this stage." Draper is now set for a huge boost in the ATP rankings given his current run at the Montreal Masters. His win over Tsitsipas will see Draper climb to a new career-high ranking of 62nd in the world and a win over Monfils will put him on the cusp of a spot inside the top-50.