With #homehacks ranking fourth on the TikTok discovery page in the last 30 days, it’s clear that many love a DIY tip. But one area of the home which is often overlooked in the transformation process are windows. If your home wasn’t blessed with big, welcoming windows, there are a few things that you can do to trick your eyes into at least thinking your view into the outside world is greater than it appears - without having to replace them. All it takes is a few genius design tricks. Experts from leading window specialists, Safestyle reveal six hacks that will create the illusion of a bigger and brighter space. Adam Pawson, Head of Digital at Safestyle said: “A great way to add height to your windows is by raising your curtain rods. By strategically placing curtain rods above the top of the window, you can trick the eyes into thinking the windows are taller than they are. “If you don’t own your property, don’t worry there is a renter-friendly hack. Instead of  drilling holes into the walls, choose a stick-on hook.” To pull this trick off well, the expert suggests making sure you opt for a curtain rod that matches the aesthetic of your scheme. For example, choose matt black if your home reflects a modern aesthetic or opt for a wooden curtain rod if the home is more traditional. Another easy trick is to opt for a light, neutral colour scheme to create the illusion of bigger windows. READ MORE: How to stop house flies invading your home using 70p common spice Adam explained: “Most homes across the UK often have casement windows installed. If you find your home has small casement windows, you can transform them with some simple interior design hacks. “For example, selecting neutral shades not only instantly brightens a room but these lighter-coloured curtains help natural light shine through, helping to create the illusion of a bigger room. “Another trick is to make sure your curtains are a thick material. This will help to hide the gap between the wall and the window, helping to create the effect of a larger space.” Those looking to elongate their window space, go for draping curtains rather than blinds. The window expert said: “Extending your draperies so that they fall from floor to ceiling and from wall to wall. DON'T MISS: Britons warned against vinegar cleaning chore in summer [COMMENT]Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [INSIGHT]‘Best way’ to prune for ‘healthy’ plants - ‘prevents diseases’ [EXPERT] “This will help to surround your windows, not only making them appear bigger, but it also makes for an elegant style.” Creating a focal point out of your window space is another great way of creating the illusion of a bigger space. There are a few different ways to achieve this. Adam explained: “If you have a bay window this is a naturally great opportunity to create a focal point. “These windows not only add depth and dimension to a room but they can be transformed into a cosy reading nook too.” For those who have casement windows, consider painting the walls a contrasting colour to the window to make it pop. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Optimal temperature’ to avoid peace lilies ‘yellowing’ Alternatively, choose a bold pattern. Vertical patterns are ideal as it helps to add height to the window. The expert continued: “Creating a focal point in a period property can be a little more challenging as you want to make sure you don’t distract from the existing characteristic features these properties boast. “To retain this charm, we recommend using a sash window. This authentic style matches the look and feel of period properties while adding some depth to the window area.” When designing a room with smaller windows, it’s important to consider the furniture and decorative pieces that will be paired in the room. Adam advised: “If you have small windows, keep the room in proportion by investing in low furniture. “For example, if you have a tall bookcase, consider flipping it so it acts as a low side table instead. This will help to balance out the windows and help them appear taller.” When it comes to light-reflecting decor, mirrors are a great way to make a room appear brighter. The expert suggested: “Consider placing a mirror on a wall opposite a window to reflect the natural light. This will help to make a room feel bigger. “Another way you can consider using mirrors is by using them in the space your window looks out onto. “For example, in the garden. This not only bounces more natural light into your home but helps to extend your living space too.”