Netflix’s hit romance comedy Never Have I Ever returned to screens with the third instalment of Devi Vishwakumer’s (played by Maitreyi Ramakrishnan) teenage love dilemmas. However, this time it ended with a bitter break-up which the co-creator Lang Fisher opened up about. When Never Have I Ever landed on Netflix in 2020 it took viewers by storm and gained a cult following of loyal fans. Many were intrigued to follow the life of high-schooler Devi who wanted to improve her status at school. The series also explored her home life as it unravelled the tough year she had experienced following the loss of her father Mohan Vishwakumar (Sendhil Ramamurthy). As well as trying to navigate her personal life and education, Devi wanted to embark on a new journey with romance, which proved to be complicated.  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos When season three returned Devi was in a relationship with Paxton Hall-Yoshida (Darren Barnet) who had been her longtime crush. They had finally decided to take things seriously after she was caught in a complicated love triangle with Ben Gross (Jaren Lewison) during season three. However, the pressure of dating the school’s most attractive guy began to eat away at her as she doubted whether or not they really suited. Devi had also developed a new crush for newcomer Nirdesh ‘Des’ (Anirudh Pisharody), which didn’t make things easier for the teenager.  In the end, Dev decided to call things off between her and Paxton, this decision was sparked after she began noticing how others were reacting to their romance. Some assumed the two were together because Paxton only wanted to have sex with her, even though she wanted to take things slow. The rumours going around the school began to taunt Devi as she began to feel pressured to sleep with Paxton. Then things took a turn when a troll messaged her about Paxton and claimed he wasn’t who she thought he was. DON'T MISS...Ken Dodd left behind staggering EIGHT-figure fortune [INSIGHT]Never Have I Ever season 2: Real reason Gigi Hadid narrated exposed [INSIGHT]How did Devi's dad die in Never Have I Ever? [INSIGHT] Although he brushed it off and told her to take no notice, the rumours got the better of her and she decided to break up. The show’s co-creator Lang Fisher spoke on the storyline and revealed the real reason for their split. Lang revealed: “She and Paxton didn't last long because she wasn't able to believe that she deserved it. “Teenagers are so tender and afraid of being vulnerable that everyone operates from a defensive place.”   Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, she continued: “That is truly the impetus for this storyline because I think everyone, at least in our writers' room, was like, 'Yeah, I was a maniac and there was no way I could possibly ever have a reasonable relationship [at that age] because I was just too insecure.’” Shortly after Devi and Paxton broke up, he quickly moved on and got a new girlfriend. Although, she was heartbroken Devi pretended she was fine and attended a party she knew they would be at, to act like she didn’t care. This is where she met Des, the two hit it off as he offered to help Devi make Paxton jealous and by the end of it the two had even begun dating in secret. Never Have I Ever is available on Netflix   