After years of tension between the two over Brexit and other issues, the readout of the Prime Minister’s conversation with the French President appeared to be more of a love-in as they warmly celebrated their “comradeship” in a final official call. In a move which astonished some Tory MPs and former Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage, one of the successes the readout of the conversation highlighted was their work together tackling illegal migration. The readout noted: ““The Prime Minister thanked President Macron for his efforts to help resolve border disruption and tackle the scourge of illegal people trafficking. “The leaders expressed their shared confidence that deeper cooperation between the UK and France will be central to further progress in this area and help to dismantle more smuggling networks.” Mr Farage, who is now a leading presenter on GB News, branded the conversation “ludicrous!” He said: “This is ludicrous. The Tory government have totally failed us on the vital issue of border controls and deserve to pay a heavy electoral price.” Last week almost 700 migrants arrived on Monday alone in 14 boats. Over the whole week 1,965 illegal migrants arrived on British shores. Commenting on the readout, Tory Brexiteer MP Andrew Bridgen said: “And you wonder why people think politicians don’t tell the truth?” Dudley North MP Marco Longhi warned that it was a serious topic if the Conservatives want to hold on to Red Wall seats. He said “Well, there it is, clear evidence of the problem we are facing. ‘We’ being the Red Wall in particular.” So far more than 17,000 illegal migrants have made the journey across the Channel in 2022. In recent weeks, Home Secretary Priti Patel has provided more funding to the French in a bid to stop the journeys from beginning. READ MORE: Channel migrants latest: More than 500 crossings over weekend Earlier this week French police were seen smashing up an engine to one of the small boats to prevent one group beginning the journey across the Channel. Many claim asylum when they arrive but recent evidence suggested that far from coming from wartorn countries, one in four of the migrants started in Albania. Ms Patel had made an agreement with Rwanda to deport illegal migrants there when they arrived. The hope was that this would act as a deterrent to people before making the journey and would end the people trafficking trade. However, a ruling by an anonymous judge at the Strasbourg based European Court of Human Rights without a formal hearing blocked the flights from taking place. Attorney General Suella Braverman has warned that the ECHR rulings on Britain controlling its borders is “undermining democracy and the rule of law”. DON'T MISS Independent voters who 'hate and miss' Trump could save Biden's Dems [INSIGHT] POLL: Should next PM hold a general election immediately? [REACT] Rishi Sunak allowed Remoaner Treasury mandarins to stop Brexit freedom [REVEAL]