Influencer Kate Bartlett, based in New York City, travels around the world and posts her exploits online where she boasts a legion of followers. She took to TikTok to clue her 1.3 million followers in on a packing trick she uses. The influencer, who has 197,000 followers on her Instagram, said: "If you travel a tonne, like I do, I'm going to put you on to something. "So I got this thing on Amazon. It's the most satisfying and efficient way to pack skincare, toiletries, makeup, everything, instead of having a million bags." She showed the details of the zip-up packing case in a video. Kate said: "It has these little organisers, so you can make it any shape you want. "I put in travel size deodorant, body moisturiser, shampoo and shaving cream." READ MORE: 'Life changing’: Flight attendant shares hard-to-spot sign to help passengers with luggage But this is not all, the case fits all of Kate's toiletry and cosmetic needs. It has space for a toothbrush and toothpaste, a hairbrush, sunscreen, face wash, eye cream, moisturiser, tanning drops, perfume, a razor, and lip balm. It also has space for many make-up brushes, the influencer fitting 15 in hers, and space for make-up and hair ties. "It is pretty big, but nothing will break," the influencer said. She has the large version of the product, but smaller versions are available. DON'T MISSFlight attendant's hotel hack - avoid being robbed using 'tissue' [EXPERT] 'Never' eat anything onboard a plane before taking a crucial precaution [INSIDER] Why flight attendants insist tables and seats go up to land [INSIGHT] Fans chimed in to reveal they use the product, and they swear by it. One said: "Wait I use this too! It’s iconic." Another said: "I’ve had one of these but smaller for months now. Since my parents are divorced and I need to go back and forth all the time, perfect for makeup!" One said: "I have that, and I literally use it as makeup storage. I am forever bringing this with me now." "I have this and it's amazing," one wrote, while another said: "I have a similar one, honestly amazing." Another woman shared her genius "travel must-have" to prevent a classic packing dilemma when toiletries leak in your luggage. The products were detailed by Arielle Brimhall, a children's book author who shares her Amazon Finds with TikTok users. The product is designed to prevent toiletries from spilling into your suitcase, an expensive mistake that can ruin your clothes and other items. Arielle said: "Seriously, some people just are geniuses and come up with the best products, and this definitely one of them." Another travel expert detailed a tip to sneak extra hand luggage onto your flight.