Energy regulator Ofgem has announced the price cap will rise to over £3,500 from the beginning of October. The cost of fuel has risen sharply over the last year, with a number of international factors, including the war in Ukraine, causing energy prices to rapidly spiral. Offering his analysis of the economic situation, Martin Lewis founder of Money Saving Expert declared the cost of energy had rocketed to ‘unaffordable’ levels with households left powerless to reduce the eye-watering cost of their bills.    Speaking to LBC, Mr Lewis said: “This is just simply mathematically unaffordable for the lowest earners. “There is no cutting back. There is no Money sSving expert. “You could put me, someone who has been doing this for 20 years, into one of those households and do every trick in the book and I wouldn’t even get close to scratching the sides of what is needed here.” Mr Lewis suggested emergency intervention by the government was needed to resolve the crisis of energy costs: “We’re going to have to do something that is effectively redistributive. “That takes money away from the highest earners that comes from taxation, or takes money from government debt, and gives it to those people who will not be able to afford this.” Mr Lewis has described the situation as “catastrophic” and warned that, without swift government action, “people will die” as households struggle to afford fuel through the winter. Read more: Pubs shut shop over 400% energy bill increases with no end in sight  Ofgem announced the starling figure on Friday, with the current price cap of £1,971 set to rise by 80 percent. The new price cap is almost triple the figure for October last year, when the cap rose to £1,277. The next energy price cap is set to be introduced in January, with economists warning bills could top £5,000, rising to over £6,500 by next April. As energy costs have spiralled, the government, in the midst of a Tory leadership election, has come under rampant pressure to introduce a package of emergency support. Don't miss: Energy bills: What could happen if you don't pay your bill [EXPLAINED]Britons warned 'Half of UK households will be in fuel poverty' by Jan [REVEAL]Core of energy plan is bailing out FAILED energy firms, experts warns [ANALYSIS]  Conservative leadership candidate Liz Truss has outlined an emergency budget to address inflation and soaring energy costs with a series of tax cuts, including a reversal of the hike in national insurance contributions. Her rival, the former Chancellor, has criticised her plan, explaining that a package of tax cuts will do little to help some of the most vulnerable households, including those receiving state pension payments. Leadership hopeful Rishi Sunak has pledged to manage costs by temporarily scrapping VAT on domestic energy bills, a measure intended to save households an estimated £160 a year. Opposition leader, Sir Keir Starmer, has proposed a freeze on domestic energy prices to prevent the anticipated October rise as part of Labour’s emergency plan. However, the party’s package has also come under fire for failing to consider how large public sector industries, including hospitals and schools, will cover their energy bills. Read next: Britons to brace for THREE winters of nightmare energy price hikesMartin Lewis lays out three most vulnerable groups after energy hikeMoney saving tips: How to reduce your water billsEnergy bill scam warning as price cap soarsWe face a choice:Energy firm profits or British families ANGELA RAYNER