Conor Benn has detailed the ‘high calorie’ diet he is feeding on in order to bulk himself up to the 157lb catchweight limit for his fight with Chris Eubank Jr in two months’ time. ‘Destroyer’ will be consuming mountains of peanut butter, toast, pasta, fish and steak to help him pile on the pounds ahead of fight night. The sons of British boxing legends, Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank Sr are set to square off on October 8 at the O2 Arena, London at a weight which is completely foreign to both men. Benn has never fought above welterweight (147lb) while Eubank Jr has competed no lower than middleweight (160lb) during the course of his career. Coming into the fight, the weight itself has been one of the biggest talking points, particularly regarding the distinct size advantage that Benn is giving away. However, the Greenwich puncher has revealed he’s ‘eating a lot’ to make up for it. “I don’t have to cut, it is about making sure I’m refuelled for my sessions and gaining a little bit of muscle,” Benn told the Daily Star. “I’m eating a lot. There’s plenty of things you can eat [to put on weight]. I don’t eat a lot of meat, I’m not a massive fan but I’ll have steak on Saturdays. I’m able to eat what I want, as long as it is healthy and clean.” For Eubank Jr, though, the stakes are just as high. If either man misses weight at the Friday weigh-in, then they will be forced to pay a colossal fine. According to esteemed boxing writer Dan Rafael, there will be a penalty of £81,000 ($100,000) for every pound that they come in over by. Furthermore, Initial reports during the negotiation period suggested that the announcement had been delayed due to Benn’s team being keen to insert a rehydration clause for Eubank Jr. The exact weight has not been disclosed although ‘Next Gen’ is expected to step on the scales again in a secret second weigh-in on the morning of the fight (Saturday). The fight will be shown live on DAZN PPV. The price is yet to be announced although it is expected to be a similar fee to that of Canelo Alvarez vs Gennady Golovkin III (taking place on September 17) which is currently listed at £9.99 for existing subscribers and £17.98 for new ones.