Manchester United senior figures think there’s no quick fix for Erik ten Hag in the wake of Saturday’s 4-0 defeat to Brentford, according to reports. The Red Devils were played off the pitch in the capital, with Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo all on target. And the Red Devils know they’re facing a fight to save their season already after two successive defeats. Manchester United were confident Ten Hag would be able to lead them to bounce back from last season’s shambolic campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But the Red Devils have now lost their opening fixtures under their new manager. United were bad against Brighton last weekend yet Brentford was an even worse afternoon, with the Red Devils unable to cope with Thomas Frank’s side. Now, according to the BBC, senior figures ‘understand the scale of the anger’ surrounding the club. Fans are calling on the Glazers to go, with Gary Neville also admitting it was the right time for the Americans to finally sell up. And it’s also stated the United hierarchy accept there is ‘no quick fix to the present malaise’. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything The statistics, certainly, make for grim reading with the club getting worse and worse since sacking Solskjaer back in November. United have lost their last seven away games, conceding four goals on four separate occasions and finding the net just twice during that time. And Ten Hag has already got straight back to work as he targets improvement, with the 52-year-old cancelling the players’ day off and hauling them in for extra training. Next up for United is Liverpool, which also doesn’t bode well for the Red Devils. They lost 5-1 to the Reds at Old Trafford back in October, with Mohamed Salah notching a sublime hat-trick on a memorable afternoon. And United also lost 4-0 to Jurgen Klopp’s side back in April, with Rangnick saying in the aftermath that the club needed as many as 10 new players to reel in their rivals. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Speaking after the match in London on Saturday, meanwhile, David De Gea requested an interview with Sky Sports. The Spain international was at fault for Dasilva’s goal, allowing the ball to squirm under his body despite it looking a relatively easy save to make. And he said: "I think I cost my team three points today. It was a poor performance from myself. "After the first mistake and then the second, it was very tough to be playing and it was a horrible day. “Of course, we should react better but the moment we are living now is tough, every time we concede a goal. “I should've saved the first shot and probably the result would be different." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And De Gea also admitted that United players were still impacted by last year’s horrendous campaign, where they ended up finishing sixth in the table. “In pre-season, there’s no pressure, you play for nothing,” he said. “Then you play Premier League games where everything is different, teams put everything on the pitch, the teams are good, it’s not easy. “We have to stick together as a team now, train even harder and even better, I can’t say more to be honest. “Of course, it’s been difficult seasons, probably it’s still in our minds, when something goes wrong people a get panicky, it’s difficult. But we have to learn, we have a new manager, some new players, we need to be more positive, keep learning and improve. “How to fix it? It’s about winning games - as soon as we win one game, two games, we’re going to start feeling better and more positive. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “We’re training really well, people are training hard, everyone is giving everything, but then in the games we are not performing. "Of course we have to react much better and be capable of scoring goals. It was a poor performance. When you play the games that matter you need bravery, more consistency and proper players. "We just need to stick together as a team and keep working. It's just the beginning. We have a lot to improve as a team with a new manager. “I'm just taking my responsibility because I think I cost three points for my team. It was a poor performance from myself. "After the first mistake and then the second, it was very difficult for my team-mates. At the moment it's tough every time we concede a goal. I should save the first shot - [if I had] the result would be different." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here