Rafael Nadal's hopes of winning the US Open may have received a welcome boost due to the withdrawal of Alexander Zverev, who feels that he will not be fit enough to compete at the final Grand Slam of the year. Nadal is among the favourites to win the top prize at Flushing Meadows after scooping the honours at the Australian Open before following up with another triumph at Roland Garros back in June. The Spaniard was beaten to this year's Wimbledon title by Novak Djokovic after withdrawing due to an injury despite reaching the semi-finals but will be hoping to go all the way at the US Open, which is set to get underway next week. Nadal will manage to avoid a meeting with Zverev when the on-court action begins on Monday, with the German hopeful set to skip the tournament as he continues his recovery from a long-term ankle injury.Zverev underwent surgery in June after tearing several ligaments when he slipped during his French Open semi-final match against Nadal earlier this year. He had initially targeted a return to action at the start of the hard-court season but was forced to pull out of the Canadian Open and Cincinnati Masters as a result of the problem.It has now been confirmed that Zverev will not take part in the US Open as he looks to make his long-awaited return to full fitness over the coming weeks. He will likely be aiming to feature in next month's Davis Cup, with Germany set to host Group C in Hamburg, but it seems as though this year's fourth Grand Slam will come too soon for him to challenge for glory alongside the likes of Nadal. JUST IN: US Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity match Zverev's absence in New York could boost Nadal's hopes of winning yet another major title, with the 36-year-old set to go in as the standout contender to clinch the prestigious trophy. He will also be spared the prospect of facing Novak Djokovic, who is unlikely to be allowed to compete as a result of his vaccination status, and Roger Federer, who has been sidelined with a chronic knee injury for over a year.However, Nadal's preparations for the US Open took a hit earlier this month when he was beaten at the Cincinnati Masters in the first round by Borna Coric and he will be desperate to steer clear of any further upsets when this year's fourth Grand Slam begins next week. Nadal stressed that he would be looking to keep fine-tuning his game in the immediate aftermath of his surprise defeat. with the persistent foot injury that plagued his efforts at Wimbledon still giving him plenty of trouble. "I need to improve, I need to practice, I need to return better," Nadal told reporters. "I need days, and that's the truth. It's obvious that I was not ready enough to win the match today, [it] has been a difficult injury to manage."The last month and a half haven't been easy [but] I am positive. In terms of practice, I need to start to be in a Grand Slam mode, practicing the way that I need to practice to be competitive since the beginning there, and I hope I will be able to make that happen."I need to move forward and just start to think about the energy that the crowd gives me in New York. I know it's a very special place for me, and I enjoy it, unforgettable moments there, and I'm going to try my very best every single day to be ready for that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.