Inheritance tax is commonly loathed in the UK, with many viewing the levy as a “death tax” or restrictive on income before death. There have long been calls for the levy to be reevaluated, with some asking for reform, while others saying it should be scrapped altogether. The tax has been a topic of discussion in the Tory leadership race, which has heavily centred on the potential for tax cuts. Neither Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss has fully committed to any specific reform to inheritance tax. However, both candidates have said they would be reviewing the tax if they inherited the keys to Number 10. One expert has suggested this could signal towards inheritance tax being on the political agenda in the coming months. READ MORE: How your pension could help you slash inheritance tax to zero Laura Suter, Head of Personal Finance at AJ Bell, said: “It was inevitable that the most hated tax in the UK would be brought up in a leadership race that has focused heavily on tax cuts and reviews. “The good news is that the leg-work has been done for them. “The Office for Tax Simplification (OTS) has already conducted two extensive reviews into how to reform both the tax itself and the administration of it.” There will, however, be a bind for whoever becomes Prime Minister as it relates to inheritance tax. DON'T MISSWidow, 72, boosts income by £158 per week - check your eligibility [INSIGHT]Triple lock warning as rises under ‘perennial threat’ - ‘huge price!' [ANALYSIS]‘Leaves a sour taste!’ Bumper take for inheritance and income tax [UPDATE] This is because the levy has proven to be particularly useful for the Treasury, even in the most recent statistics. Data released this week showed HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) raked in £2.4billion in inheritance tax receipts in the three months to July 2022. This is £300million more than in the same period last year. A new Prime Minister would therefore have to weigh up the lucrative nature of the levy, versus calls for it to be reassessed. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how woman, 70, with 'no retirement' can get by Ms Suter continued: “With the tax having raked in £6.1billion in the past year, any reforms in favour of the taxpayer could leave a big hole in the budget. “This means it’s probably an issue to be tackled in 2023, rather than being top of the new PM’s to-do list.” There are various options when it comes to inheritance tax reform which have been presented. Firstly, Ms Suter highlighted, there is the argument that inheritance tax should be aligned with income tax rates. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some have suggested inheritance tax is too complicated as it currently stands, and could benefit from being changed to an already familiar system. In a similar sense, another argument is that inheritance tax should be slashed from its current rate of 40 percent. This was argued, amongst others, by AAT, with Phil Hall, Head of Public Affairs and Public Policy at the group, stating: “By halving the very high headline rate, incentives for avoidance or evasion will be removed. This is likely to increase the tax take.” Other suggestions have included increasing the current allowances, and boosting the annual gifting rules currently in place. An HM Treasury spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “The vast majority of estates do not pay inheritance tax - more than 93 percent of estates are forecast to have zero inheritance tax liability in the coming years – however the tax raises more than £6billion a year to help fund public services millions of us rely on daily."