 House of the Dragon is Game of Throne’s highly anticipated spin-off expected to premiere on screen this month. After the original show faced a major blunder with the Targaryen storyline, it was revealed the author George R.R Martin forced the error to be changed in the upcoming prequel.    House of the Dragon will be the first spin-off to come from the Game of Thrones franchise. The series will also be the onscreen adaptation of George R.R Martin’s 2018 novel Fire and Blood. The story will take place 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones to tell the story of the Targaryen family, and detail the truth about the civil war. However, ahead of its release, the showrunners revealed how George forced them to rectify an error which took place in the original series. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star    Showrunner Miguel Sapochnik disclosed: “David [Benioff] and Dan [D.B Weiss] had skipped over Jaehaerys [Targaryen] for reasons of clarity that he really didn’t understand." “He had a bee in his bonnet about it, he wanted us to right that wrong,” he told Metro. The error took place in season one, episode nine and was exposed by fans who had read the novels. During the episode, the Maester at Castle Black, one of Lord Commander Jeor Mormont's (played by James Cosmo) advisers in the Night's Watch identified himself as Aemon Targaryen (Peter Vaughan).  The character told Jon Snow: “My father was Maekar, the first of his name. “My brother Aegon reigned after him when I had refused the throne, and he was followed by his son Aerys whom they called the Mad King.” He had failed to mention Jaehaerys II Targaryen, who was the son of Aegon V and the father of Aerys II in the novel series A Song of Ice and Fire. Though this was of the first mistakes fans noticed in the series, it became one of many as the series drew to a close. DON'T MISS...Tony Blackburn speaks out as BBC blasted for ageism [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon cast: Who's who in Game of Thrones spin-off ser... [INSIGHT]How to watch House of the Dragon in the UK, US and abroad [INSIGHT] As the Game of Thrones producers David Benioff and DB Weiss had left Jaehaerys II out of the lineage of kings, fans will see this rectified in House of the Dragon. As the prequel is set 200 years before the original series, none of the characters will make an appearance, Instead, House of the Dragon will have a stellar cast which includes Matt Smith, Eve Best, Graham McTavish, Savannah Steyn, Paddy Considine and Emma D’Arcy. As well as the civil war, the series will also depict the moment the family's first ruler Aegon forged the Iron Throne and made King's Landing the capital of Westeros.  House of the Dragon will follow the story of King Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine) who was forced to choose his successor. After he is told to choose between his younger brother Prince Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) and his daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy), fans will see the start of the family civil war. As Rhaenyra also wanted the Iron Throne, tensions will boil over into what will become the infamous Targaryen war. As Game of Thrones became a global phenomenon, House of the Dragon is expected to also become a global success House of the Dragon airs on HBO in the USA on August 21, with the series arriving on Sky Atlantic and NOW on August 22.