Each Tuesday, people aged 60 and over can bag 10 percent off their shop at Iceland and The Food Warehouse. There's no minimum spend, meaning eligible customers can secure the discount whatever the size of their shopping list. To redeem the discount, shoppers will of course need to shop on a Tuesday, and show either their Senior Bus Pass, Driver's Licence, The Senior Railcard or Freedom Pass (London). Earlier this year, Age UK research found three-quarters of older people in the UK (9.4 million) are worried about the rising cost of living. Richard Walker, Managing Director at Iceland, said: “We have a long history of supporting our over 60s customers, such as when we launched ‘Elderly Hour’ at the height of the pandemic. "The cost of living crisis has made support for these customers even more important, which is why I’m proud that we’re finding new ways to support them, including the launch of this discount. "We hope it will help all those in this age category to cut costs where they can.” It's not just the over 60s which Iceland is looking to help. Iceland is teaming up with Utility to help families to head and eat, with cost of living savings of over £600 each year for its "Shop Smart, Cook Savvy" initiative, which will officially launch in early September. With Utilita data showing the cost of running cooking appliances, the supermarket will introduce new energy saving cooking guidance on packaging. The cost of living crisis is set to worsen in the coming months, with Ofgem this week announcing the energy price cap will rise to £3,459 from October 1. Inflation hit a new 40-year high of 10.1 percent in the year to July 2022, and further increases are expected. The Bank of England has forecast the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) will exceed 13 percent in October, in the same month millions will see energy bills soar. Research by energy supplier Utilita found households reliant on oven cooking could slash costs by up to £604 each year by switching to more energy efficient cooking methods. The launch will also see both brands selling the best value 4.5l air fryer on the market from Tower Housewares retailing at the discounted price of £35, enabling consumers to make their investment back in around 47 days of avoiding the oven. Air fryers will be sold at Iceland stores nationwide and online at www.iceland.co.uk, and at Utilita’s High Street Energy Hubs. Bill Bullen, Utilita Founder and CEO said: “For as long as we can remember, our kitchens have been designed around the oven being the main cooking method, which isn’t the case for many households today. "Much more economical cooking appliances such as air fryers, slow cookers and microwaves have become increasingly more popular. However, the cooking instructions on food packets haven’t reflected this. “Utilita and Iceland are closely aligned in our mission to help households make their money go further. There are so many factors that neither Richard nor I can control today, but the cost of cooking is mutual ground that we can help consumers with. "This unique partnership will hopefully urge other supermarkets to do the same and help consumers choose the most economical cooking methods.” Richard Walker, Iceland’s Managing Director, said: “The cost of living crisis continues to be the biggest national issue facing consumers and as a private, family-run business, we’re constantly looking at both short, and long term initiatives that can offer any support. "Our ‘Shop Smart, Cook Savvy’ collaboration with Utilita is so important, as it shines a light on the relationship between what we buy and how much energy we use cooking it, helping to empower our customers and provide them with access to information that can help stretch their budgets further.”