Hugo Lloris has revealed Tottenham's main target is just to be "as competitive as possible" this season after a resounding 4-1 win over Southampton on Saturday saw Spurs end the opening round of Premier League fixtures atop the standings. The French goalkeeper also insisted the upcoming London derby with Chelsea this weekend will be a "big challenge" for Tottenham and will provide Antonio Conte's men with an opportunity to "judge" where they are at. Spurs started the season in scintillating fashion, recovering from an early setback against the Saints to claim a comprehensive victory at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. After falling behind to James Ward-Prowse's early effort, first-half headers from Ryan Sessegnon and Eric Dier saw Spurs enter the break in front. A calamitous own goal from Saints centre-back Mohammed Salisu and a fine strike from Dejan Kulusevski then saw Conte's side emphatically secure all three points and add to the air of excitement in north London this season. Despite such an impressive start, Spurs stopper Lloris refused to get carried away with regards to targets, insisting his side will continue to take this season "game by game". “As regards the expectation, we're just focussed on our days to be honest. We have a strong structure and the basics," Lloris admitted. “We know each other well and there's also the addition of quality players and international players, so obviously we're going to try to be as competitive as we can. “That's our target, that's the standard the club wants to reach and we're going to push together. But I repeat: it's just game by game.” MUST READ: Tottenham 4-1 Southampton: Four things learned as two stars impress Next up for Tottenham is the potentially daunting task of taking on Thomas Tuchel's Chelsea at Stamford Bridge - a side who got the better of Spurs on four occasions last campaign. But while Lloris admitted the Blues will provide a "big challenge" this Sunday, the 35-year-old is eagerly eyeing the clash as an opportunity to "judge" where his Spurs side are currently at. “Obviously when you face that kind of opponent it's a good moment to judge yourself," he added. “After two games, whatever is the result next weekend there will be plenty of games ahead of us. “But it's more that in this competitive way, we can confirm a good result and performance against Southampton and feel and show improvement compared to last season. Chelsea is a very strong team, very competitive, they will probably be a contender for the title and it's good for us to go there and challenge them." DON'T MISS...Diaby to Arsenal 'one to watch' but face same obstacle as NewcastleMan Utd's De Jong deal looks less likely than ever after Brighton lossChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture at full-time  Despite starting last season with three wins from three, Tottenham soon tailed off and had fallen to eighth in the Premier League table by the time Conte arrived in November. However, in Lloris' eyes, Spurs are a "different" team to the one they were this time last year, with the "physical, tactical and mental" work over the past eight months having put the north Londoners in a better position to "reduce the gap" to the top teams in the Premier League and in Europe. He added: “I believe we're going the right way. But it's easy to talk. The most important thing is to show it every time we have the possibility, every time we face an opponent." And there are few better to prove their progress against than London rivals Chelsea.