The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are escaping the goldfish bowl of Kensington Palace for Adelaide Cottage in Windsor's Home Park in a bid to put their children first and give them more freedom. But royal commentator Richard Kay claimed the move was a "rare misstep" by William and Kate amid the cost of living crisis crippling the nation. Writing for the Daily Mail, Mr Kay said: "The less charitable response, however, is that at a time of an exploding cost-of-living crisis affecting working families up and down the country, securing the use of an additional property looks clumsily insensitive. "Certainly for a couple who have always demonstrated a deft hand in managing the public relations side of their royal life, the fact that they now have three enviable addresses at their disposal is a rare misstep." Mr Kay admitted William and Kate's new four-bedroom home is "positively modest" by royal standards. But he highlighted how there are questions over how the move "tallied with long-standing plans for a slimmed-down monarchy". Mr Kay said: "For the public expect to see not more homes but fewer." The Cambridges will live at Adelaide Cottage after the Queen gave them permission to lease the four-bedroom Grade II listed cottage, which belongs to the Crown Estate. They will pay market value rent on the property from their own private funds, not from taxpayers' money via the Sovereign Grant. Their children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will join the co-educational private Lambrook School near Ascot in September. William and Kate will retain Kensington Palace's Apartment 1A, which was refurbished with £4.5million of taxpayers' money in 2013, as their official residence and their working base, which will continue to house their office staff. They will also keep their Norfolk country mansion Anmer Hall, which was a gift from the Queen and underwent building work at their own cost. The downsizing to the four-bedroom Berkshire home means William and Kate's full-time nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo will live elsewhere for the first time, as will other staff including the housekeeper and the chef. A royal source said the Cambridges were very conscious of how their move stood in contrast to the cost of living crisis. Asked whether William and Kate were mindful of the economic difficulties facing many who would not be able to afford such opportunities, the source said: "They absolutely are. "It's something they have thought long and hard about and this is a decision they have not taken lightly. "It would have been extremely difficult for them to continue on as senior working royals if they were based in Norfolk. "What they have basically done allows them to put the kids first, but also to continue on doing what they do all day, every day." The move means William and Kate will be closer to the Queen, who is mainly based at Windsor Castle. 