The 96-year-old Queen marked her 70th year on the throne earlier this year as Brits celebrated her Platinum Jubilee. However, having taken to the throne as a mother-of-two aged just 25 shortly after the death of her father George VI, much has been made of Her Majesty's role models inside the Firm. Sally Bedell Smith, the Queen's biographer, told PEOPLE: "[It] was very difficult for her to blend that role of wife and mother and head of state. She didn't have any role models." She added: "Her mother [Elizabeth] had been a very good Queen Consort and Elizabeth had learned some from her father. "But in a way, she had to develop her own approach to being Queen." Earlier this year, Her Majesty announced her daughter-in-law Camilla Parker-Bowles would also be made Queen Consort once Prince Charles becomes King. JUST IN: 'Went out of her way' Kate enjoyed rare moment at Balmoral as Queen 'let her guard down' The Queen described the decision to grant the Duchess of Cornwall the title as her "sincere wish". However, during periods of her reign, the Queen relied on nannies and staff to care for her young children. She also spent long periods away from her husband Prince Philip to embark on royal tours. Notable occasions in which family life did impact her royal duties came in both 1959 and 1963 when she was forced to miss the State Opening of Parliament due to pregnancy. Following the Duke of Edinburgh's death in April 2021, Buckingham Palace issued a statement in which the Queen felt "deep sorrow". The relationship between conducting regal duties and incorporating members of the Royal Family has changed significantly over the years. Prince William and Kate Middleton even brought their eldest son Prince George on a tour 'Down Under' when he was just nine months old. Princess Charlotte, aged 7, recently accompanied the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as the trio attended the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' eventMeghan and Harry snubbed at Commonwealth event as Duke 'fought tears'Meghan and Harry plotting to hit back at 'heavily biased' attack