Tyson Fury has been backed to officially reverse his retirement plans to fight Oleksandr Usyk after the heavyweight champion defeated Anthony Joshua in their anticipated rematch on Saturday night. Following the bout, Fury took to social media to ridicule the duo as he even claimed he could defeat both Usyk and Joshua in the same night. Usyk defeated Joshua at the Jeddah Super Dome in Saudi Arabia, with the Ukrainian retaining his WBA (Super), WBO, IBO and IBF world titles in front of 30,000 fans. He also took home the Ring Magazine title after it was vacated by Fury following his retirement. In a clash billed as the Rage on the Red Sea, Joshua showed aggressiveness but could not match the strategic wiliness of Usyk, who is unbeaten in his 20 professional contests. Two judges scored the fight 115-113 and 116-112 to Usyk, while the third gave it to Joshua 115-113. Joshua got off to a good start as he began the bout with intent but Usyk’s tactics were brilliant and thwarted the Brit. After he secured a second successive win over Joshua, Usyk could face Fury in an undisputed heavyweight title clash and Warren - the co-promoter of WBC champion Fury - is confident the two will clash. READ MORE: Joshua backed by Nelson on 'double standards' after post Usyk outburst “He and Usyk would be a really good fight,” Warren told BBC Radio 5 Live. “It's a fight that I think will be made because both teams would like to see that happen. “Usyk said after the fight that it's the only fight he's interested in, and it's certainly the same case with Tyson. It's just a matter of where it will generate the most income because it's a unique fight, a historic fight. “It's the first time for God knows how long that the four belts are on the line. Both fighters are undefeated. The whole world of boxing will be captivated by this fight.” Despite Joshua’s third loss in five bouts, Warren has refused to rule out a blockbuster potential clash with the Gypsy King in the future. He believes the 32-year-old needs to rebuild himself before he can fight Fury. DON'T MISSAnthony Joshua trainer leaves boxing fans perplexed during Usyk fightJoshua sends furious message to his dad moments after Usyk lossPaul already set eyewatering terms for UK showdown with Fury “If AJ manages to get a couple of wins under his belt - and I believe Tyson will beat Usyk - that may be a fight to be made,” Warren added. “But AJ's got to re-establish himself before you can even think about fights like that.” Fury had originally announced his retirement from boxing after he knocked out Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium in April. It has not taken long for him to be tempted back, as he eyes the sport’s first-ever four-belt heavyweight unification. Usyk is clearly keen on meeting the Brit in the ring as he said: “I'm sure that Tyson Fury is not retired yet. “I’m sure, I'm convinced he wants to fight me. I want to fight him and if I'm not fighting Tyson Fury, I'm not fighting at all.”