Martin Lewis has been sharing the warning for weeks, and it was highlighted in Money Saving Expert's Money Tips newsletter this week, with key steps to help Britons benefit. He has stressed the importance of those over the age of 66, which is currently state pension age, seeing if they can secure the vital help. Those of state pension age who are on an income of £185 or less a week may be able to claim Pension Credit, however DWP figures show 850,000 households are entitled to the benefit but not claiming it. Pension Credit is designed to assist older individuals on a low income by providing them with important top ups. It tops up weekly income for singletons to £182.60, and joint weekly income to £278.70 for couples. Some may even get extra amounts if they have other responsibilities and costs to consider. Cut your bills: Five ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances Pension Credit is often described as a gateway benefit as it can allow Britons to get support with a wide range of other aspects of their lives. Over 75s, for instance, could secure a free TV licence with Pension Credit, while others could get council tax reductions and help with housing and health costs. The DWP estimates the support is worth £3,300 per year on average - so could be especially helpful to pensioners. But Mr Lewis has stressed the importance of claiming Pension Credit as soon as possible, as it could make or break eligibility for a vital cost of living payment. DON'T MISSBritons can ‘save money’ on prescriptions with useful document [REVEAL]Woman, 55, urges others to take action to fix pension shortfall [EXCLUSIVE]Pensioners could slash their council tax bill to 100 percent [UPDATE]  In the weekly newsletter, it said: “If you're on a low income and you hit state pension age by May 25, 2022, apply for Pension Credit by NEXT THURSDAY (August 18). “You can get an extra one-time £650 'cost of living payment' on top of any Pension Credit you qualify for.” Times are tough for those on a limited income, and the £650 cost of living payment could make a real difference. Mr Lewis also said: “As we're slap-bang in the middle of a cost of living crisis, it's crucial we spread the word as quickly as possible. READ MORE: UK recession warning: Britons urged to 'put money aside' “It may stave off physical and mental health risks in what I suspect will be a dangerously expensive coming winter.” Individuals can start a claim for Pension Credit up to four months before reaching state pension age. They will be able to apply for the payment any time after this, but an application can only be backdated by three months. It means pensioners could get up to three months of Pension Credit in their first payment, as long as they were eligible during that time. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They will, however, need to provide important details to help the claim line process their application. This includes: People will be able to apply in various ways: online, by phone or by post, depending on what they prefer. Those who need help filling out the form are encouraged to reach out to voluntary groups such as Age UK and Citizens Advice.  Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip.