The Europa League is nearly back for the 2022-23 season, and Premier League clubs will learn their group stage opponents this week. Manchester United and Arsenal will hope to add European silverware to their respective trophy cabinets come the end of the season. United won this competition in 2017, with Jose Mourinho’s side beating Ajax in the final. Incidentally, that was the Red Devils’ last trophy. Erik ten Hag, who was appointed as Ajax head coach later that year, is hoping to end United’s trophy drought. Arsenal reached the final two years later but were beaten by Premier League rivals Chelsea. Their only previous European final this century was the 2006 Champions League showdown, in which they were beaten by Barcelona. Both Premier League teams could yet be joined by last year’s finalists Rangers. The Scottish Premiership side came so close to winning the tournament last season but were beaten on penalties by Eintracht Frankfurt. Rangers are one of several clubs who could drop into the Europa League if they lose their Champions League play-off tie this week. Express Sport runs you through everything you need to know about the Europa League group stage draw. JUST IN: Carragher in screeching U-turn on Martinez after superb showing When is it? Clubs competing in the Europa League this season will find out their group stage opponents on Friday, August 26. The draw is taking place in Istanbul, where the 2022-23 Champions League final is being held at the Ataturk Olympic Stadium. The first group matches will take place on Thursday, September 8. A streamlined group stage format due to the winter World Cup will see the round concluded by November 8. Clubs need to release international players to their national teams by November 13. That means United, Arsenal and their Europa League opponents will have a packed schedule. Managers and players are likely to complain of fatigue in the weeks leading up to the World Cup. BT Sport have the broadcasting rights for UEFA competitions this season, with the draw scheduled to be shown across their platform on Friday. It will also be streamed on their YouTube channel. DON'T MISS...Man Utd: Ronaldo ‘pushed back in training’ before Liverpool demotionMan Utd: Ten Hag made history vs Liverpool and picks out double actMan Utd star Fernandes spills info on Ronaldo after Liverpool win Who can Man Utd and Arsenal face? Only 11 teams have automatically qualified for the Europa League through their league ranking so far, with the other clubs set to join them before the end of this week. Teams who lose their Champions League play-off will enter the draw, as will teams who win their Europa League play-off tie. By Friday’s draw, there will be 32 teams made up of clubs who have already qualified, those who have lost their Champions League play-off, and those who have won their Europa League play-off. The 32 teams will be placed into four pots of eight clubs. Eight groups of four clubs will then be made up of a team from each pot. Clubs from the same country cannot be drawn into the same group, meaning that United and Arsenal will not meet until the knockout rounds, at least. The group winners will progress straight to the Round of 16, whilst teams finishing second in the group will play in the knockout round play-offs against teams who finished third in their Champions League groups. Pot 1: Roma, Manchester United, Arsenal, Lazio, Braga, Feyenoord, Rennes Pot 2: Real Sociedad, Real Betis, Union Berlin, Freiburg, Nantes, Monaco, Midtjylland Pot 3: Sturm Graz, TBC Pot 4: Union Saint-Gilloise, TBC