Travel insurance is more important than ever as post-pandemic travel has seen Brits facing luggage delays, airport queues and flight cancellations. When you book a holiday, there's always a risk that it won't all run smoothly, but having the right cover in place can make the experience that little bit less stressful.  We take a look at some of the key checks you should make when buying travel insurance - check out our top tips below. 1. Consider whether you need an annual or single policy If you’re planning multiple getaways this year, then an annual multi-trip policy could help you save money, as you’re only paying for one policy instead of having to get a new one every time you head abroad. Just Travel Cover offers policies which let you cover both yourself or the whole family, meaning you get the flexibility to travel where you want, and when you want. (They also offer a choice of annual or single policies for cruises, if you're planning multiple sailings).  2. Check what your policy covers It sounds obvious, but everyone has individual needs when it comes to travel insurance. Working with customers to ensure they get the right level of protection, Just Travel Cover policies offer cover for pre-existing medical conditions, no age limit and cancellations (terms apply.) They can even help you work out any extras you may need such as cruise, winter sports and even golf cover. 3. Shop around Just Travel Cover can save you time shopping around as they compare a range of policies, with varying levels of cover depending on your needs. All of their policies include Covid-19 cover too, should you need to cancel your holiday due to contracting the virus, or need medical treatment abroad. (Terms apply). Plus, they’re currently offering a 10% discount off all policies, with the code EXP10. 4. Don't dismiss the extras - when it's worth it Being budget-savvy doesn’t necessarily mean having the cheapest deal. Sometimes it’s worth looking at where you spend that budget - for example, luggage cover should your bags get lost or delayed and you find yourself having to suddenly replace the essentials while abroad. Just Travel Cover offers Smart Luggage; this is real-time protection with £50 if your bags are delayed by more than 30 minutes, and a further £500 if your bags are deemed lost after 48 hours.