Pop superstar Mariah Carey branded the Duchess of Sussex a "diva" in their podcast interview - with a shocked Meghan confessing the label made her "sweat" and "stopped her in her tracks". Ms Carey told the former Suits actress: "You give us diva moments sometimes, Meghan. Don't even act like..." with an aghast duchess responding and laughing in surprise: "What kind of diva moments do I give you?" In a voiceover at the end of the second Archetypes episode, released by Spotify on Tuesday, Meghan said the remark left her worried about the "nonsense" Carey might have read about her. "It was all going swimmingly, I mean really well, until that moment happened, which I don't know about you but it stopped me in my tracks when she called me a diva," she said. Meghan added: "You couldn't see me, obviously, but I started to sweat a little bit. I started squirming in my chair in this quiet revolt. Like wait. What? No. What? How could you? That's not true. Why would you say that? "My mind genuinely was just spinning with what nonsense she must have read or clicked on to make her say that." The duchess said Carey was quick to reassure her and that she meant the label as "chic" and "aspirational". READ MORE: 'He’s so excited!' Meghan and Archie share cute moment at school gates Meghan said: "She must have felt my nervous laughter and you all would have heard it too and she jumped right in to make sure I was crystal clear. "When she said diva, she was talking about the way that I dress, the posture of clothing, a quote-unquote fabulousness as she sees it. "She meant diva as a compliment. I heard it as a dig. Heard it as the word diva as I think of it, but at that moment, as she explained to me, she meant it as chic, as aspirational." In the exchange, the pair discussed the concept of a diva, with Meghan saying: "That's really important for people to remember that there might be this persona, this diva thing we can play into. It's not something I connect to but for you, it's been a huge part." Carey replies: "You give us diva moments sometimes, Meghan. Don't even act like..." Meghan responds with: "What kind of diva moments do I give you?" Carey laughs, adding: "Don't act like you... it's also the visual." Meghan replies: "Oh, it's the look." DON'T MISS Meghan in podcast exile as famous faces not 'queueing up to be on it' [INSIGHT]Queen 'struggling to stand' as monarch's aides avoid 'awkwardness' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry expected to 'have his own podcast' after book release [VIDEO] During the 46-minute episode, Meghan said she only began to understand what it is to be treated like a black woman when she started dating the Duke of Sussex. She says: "I mean, if there's any time in my life that it's been more focused on my race, it's only once I started dating my husband. "Then I started to understand what it was like to be treated like a black woman, because up until then I had been treated like a mixed woman, and things really shifted." The podcast release comes a day after the duchess gave a controversial interview to The Cut in which she said she had made an "active effort" to forgive the royal family, warning "especially knowing that I can say anything".