Former BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker made it all the way through to the quarter-finals on Strictly Come Dancing last year. The father-of-three, who now hosts 5 News, detailed his most uncomfortable moment during the competition on the Channel 5 programme. Dan was interviewing singer Matt Goss, who is one of this year's Strictly Come Dancing competitors, on Thursday's instalment of 5 News. The 53-year-old hitmaker has returned to the UK from Las Vegas to take part in the milestone 20th series of the ballroom dancing competition. During their interview, Dan reflected on being partnered up with professional dancer Nadiya Bychkova on last year's series. He then left Matt "very nervous" after sharing some behind-the-scenes information with him. READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview Matt told Dan: "In regards to you doing it, you told me we’d have to dance the photoshoot?" The broadcaster replied: "Yes, I was saying sometimes before you actually do the show, you’re in front of the cameras and they just ask you to dance. "That was my most uncomfortable moment ever," Dan admitted to viewers. Dan apologised for making Matt anxious and offered him some "good advice" before he takes to the dance floor later this year.  "Essentially, just trust your professional," Dan explained. "You know when you see somebody who is brilliant at what they do, and you can say, 'Okay, I’m safe in your arms, just tell me what to do and I’ll try and soak up as much as I can.'" The 2022 Strictly launch is confirmed to be filmed on September 7 and will see the celebrity contestants paired up with professional dancers. The celebrities confirmed to be taking part include James Bye, Hamza Yassin, Fleur East, Molly Rainford, Ellie Taylor, Tyler West, Ellie Simmonds, Jayde Adams, Kaye Adams, Richie Anderson, Kym Marsh and Will Mellor. When Matt was announced as part of the line-up he said: "I just thought it's time for me to come home and so something out of my comfort zone." DON'T MISS...Dan Walker cheekily exposes 'fake typing' with Channel 5 co-star [LATEST]Dan Walker fumes over Strictly's 'never heard of them crew'  [UPDATE]Dan Walker congratulates BBC's Carol Kirkwood for huge achievement [INSIGHT] He was contacted a month ago about being on the show, adding: "I have butterflies for the first time in three decades." But Matt added he was just looking forward to meeting the contestants and learning different dances. Strictly fans will remember EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis winning last year's show with professional dancer Giovanni Pernice. They won the hearts of the nation and even won a BAFTA for their silent dance routine.  Giovanni will be returning to the BBC show for the upcoming series and recently revealed he would like to be in an all-male partnership. The Italian dancer has a successful track record on the programme and has been a finalist several times in recent years. Judges Craig Revel Horwood, Shirley Ballas, Motsi Mabuse and Anton Du Beke will all be returning to the panel. Strictly Come Dancing 2022 will air on BBC One later this year. 