HSBC stated that investment scams were leading to the biggest losses for its customers than any other type of fraud. This type of scam involved customers being convinced to buy fake bonds or cryptocurrency. Usually, criminals begin an investment scam with a message or phone call which tells the customer of an opportunity that is “too good to miss”.    Fraudsters will also contact their victims over the course of a few months or sometimes years to try and get as much money from them as possible. The bank said that it was receiving reports of scams that involved trading in genuine companies however they are being carried out through a fraudulent intermediary. Victims will be shown their investments or returns through an app or website which is often created by the fraudster but the customer will then eventually lose contact with this fake intermediary. By this point, people could have possibly paid thousands into the schemes but will have no returns to show for it. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out    HSBC UK’s head of fraud, David Callington, “With the cost of living sky high, it's no surprise people are lured in by schemes promising low risk for high returns. “The general rule is that if an offer seems too good to be true, it probably is. Customers can check if a company is authorised via the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) website – if it’s not regulated we wouldn’t recommend investing.” Outside of investment scams, HSBC is also alerted its customers to other examples of fraud which are losing people thousands of pounds. The two types of scams which HSBC also saw increasing were impersonation scams and purchase scams.    Impersonation scams are where a fraudster impersonates a genuine organisation such as a bank, retailer or utility provider. HSBC stated that the rising number of impersonation scams originated from a call from the fraudster posing as "Amazon" informing the customer that someone has made a card purchase on their account. The fraudster says that a refund can be provided but for safety reasons, it will need to be sent to a “safe” account rather than the customer’s bank account. The customer is then told to download a digital banking app from another financial services provider and open an account, including adding their card details. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments   At this point the customer is sent a One Time Passcode (OTP) from HSBC UK which they are told to share, believing this will allow them to receive a refund. In reality, their bank account is being debited for a card transaction. A purchase scam is where fraudsters trick shoppers into paying in advance for goods or services that are never received. HSBC noticed that the most common purchase they had seen involved falsely advertised vehicles online.      HSBC said: “There are a variety of ways fraudsters use vehicles to extract funds, some involve fake shipping websites that promise to look after funds for vehicles purchased abroad.” “Some advertise vehicles at well below market value to lure customers in, customers are then being convinced to purchase either by putting down deposits or outright payments.” Mr Callington, added: “Unfortunately there are a number of fake adverts being placed on legitimate sites such as Autotrader, Facebook and Ebay. As with any big online purchase, it’s important to see the vehicle that’s been advertised in real life before handing over your money.” Between November 2021 and April 2022, HSBC saw 2,825 scam victims with the total amount of money involved in these scams per month reaching a high of £3.4million in April. In the same period, HSBC customers reported being scammed out of a total of £20.1million. To combat these scams, HSBC has revamped its free HSBC fraud and cyber awareness app, which is available for people to download regardless of whether they are customers. It said the app gives users warnings about new scams being spotted as well as information on recognising and reporting scams. Mr Callington said: “We are able to give real-time warnings through push notifications, information and education, to help more people protect themselves and their hard-earned money from these criminals.”