Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) had his entire world flipped upside down in the Virgin River season four finale. Not only did he discover he was the father to fiancée Mel Monroe’s (Alexandra Breckenridge) unborn baby girl, but he was left gobsmacked when ex Charmaine Roberts (Lauren Hammersley) came clean to tell him he wasn’t the dad of her unborn twins. Season five of the Netflix drama will undoubtedly have to address the mystery and with filming underway, Henderson has admitted he already knows who’s the daddy. “Yeah, I know who,” Henderson said when quizzed on the identity of Charmaine’s twins’ father. “I was told who it was supposed to be in the writer’s minds, but I haven’t seen it written.” However, Henderson did try to add even more mystery to the true identity of the unknown father. The Virgin River lead even suggested there may be a last-minute change in the script if show bosses opt to change tact. READ MORE: Virgin River season 5: Martin Henderson teases major series exit “One thing I know around here is you can’t count your chickens until they’re hatched in terms of plot lines. “Because there’s this sense that it could be who you think, but then what’s the more shocking choice?” he went on to Glamour. But Henderson did reassure: “I don’t know where they’ve landed on that, but the one I heard is really, really good. It’s juicy.” From the very first season of Virgin River, Charmaine had remained adamant Jack was the father after falling pregnant with twins. Despite fan theories ranging from Mike (Marco Grazzini) to Brady (Benjamin Hollingsworth) being tipped as the real dad, nothing on-screen had suggested otherwise until the season four finale. Even when new husband Todd (Patrick Sabongui) entered the fray in season three, Jack was still cemented as the father. In fact, Todd even joined forces with Charmaine to try and get full custody of the children despite them supposedly being Jack’s. But heading into season five, it’s anyone’s guess who the true father will be, with Charmaine failing to reveal who in her emotional confession to Jack in the fourth run’s finale’s final moments. DON'T MISS:Virgin River star recalls Martin Henderson's injury 'We heard a crack'Virgin River season 5 theory: Denny to rob beloved resident BertMartin Henderson issues stark warning to Virgin River fans After raising the alarm with Jack after falling ill, her ex and Mel arrived at Charmaine’s to try and help. Charmaine feared she was being “punished” and she was going to lose her babies. “This is karma, I’m being punished,” she told Mel and Jack through tears. As Mel tried to reassure her, Charmaine looked at jack and came clean. “It’s because I lied,” she told the former marine who looked puzzled and asked: “What?” “The twins… they’re not your babies,” Charmaine confessed, leaving Jack shellshocked. So who will be revealed to be the real father and will Henderson remain tight-lipped given he already knows the identity of Virgin River’s mystery expectant father? Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.