Expert nutritionists at MuscleFood shared with Express.co.uk the three foods that will make passengers feel better when flying. It is normal for passengers to feel discomfort and pain while flying as well as days after arriving at the destination. After longer flights travellers may experience jet lag, which is the body’s response to crossing multiple time zones and the disruption this causes to the body’s internal clock. When returning from holiday, people may struggle to sleep or stay awake at their usual time. This is because the body is now used to a different time zone and the feeling can last up to a week. READ MORE: Flight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane  There are three foods that can help avoid jet lag and feel better after a long and exhausting journey. The experts at MuscleFood explained that nuts are rich in magnesium, "an essential vitamin that’s shown to help people relax and improve sleep". Almonds, cashews and peanuts are great options if passengers want to get some sleep during or after a flight. "So, if you’re in a timezone where you’ll need to get some shut-eye sooner than you’d like - nuts and other magnesium-rich foods can help you drift off," they explained.  The experts revealed: "One of the best ways to beat jet lag and the grogginess from long-haul flights is to stay hydrated by eating foods with high water content. "Foods such as strawberries, watermelon and celery are all perfect for this, alongside drinking plenty of water." Staying hydrated is essential to feeling good. The Mayo Clinic explained dehydration can lead to serious complications, including head injury, urinary and kidney problems, and even seizures. "Anyone may become dehydrated, but the condition is especially dangerous for older adults," the health body stated. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk It is advised people avoid drinking alcohol on the plane and opt for water to stay hydrated for the duration of the flight. The MuscleFood experts recommended eating bananas if passengers want to stay awake when they arrive at their destination in order to adjust to the local time. They explained: "Fighting the urge to fall asleep too early after a holiday can be difficult, but we all know the importance of powering through. "Bananas are packed full of potassium and natural sugars to help give your body the boost it needs to stay awake." Elderly travellers should also consume healthy foods and opt for a salad or fruit salad from the onboard menu. In case healthy options were not available, it is advised passengers bring their own food. Following a healthy and varied diet will improve the overall health and make travellers feel better and more energised after a flight. According to the NHS, a well-balanced diet provides all of the "energy you need to keep active throughout the day". Moreover, it gives all the nutrients you need "for growth and repair, helping you to stay strong and healthy and help to prevent diet-related illness, such as some cancers".