 The rising price of road fuel has contributed to and worsened the cost-of-living crisis, ongoing since late 2021. In response, people have been forced to make changes in their daily lives, as new data from the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS) confirm many have taken steps to reduce their fuel consumption. As the price of crude oil has been falling for months, many have accused oil extraction firms and refineries of price gouging. Today, British oil and gas company BP reported $9.3billion (£7.6billion) in profits for the second quarter of 2022, from April to June — three times as much compared to the same period last year.   The price of road fuels in the UK has been creeping up since the lows of 2020 when the coronavirus pandemic quashed demand. Since Russia invaded Ukraine at the end of February, prices have shot up by 30 percent. The price of petrol and diesel reached its highest levels on record in early July, exceeding 200p a litre in some places. For an average family car with a 55-litre tank, this puts the cost of filling up at £110.  According to the most recent BEIS data, monthly average road fuel sales were down 5.6 percent in June 2022 and 6.5 percent in July on the same months a year ago. Such a reduction in fuel sales confirms what multiple surveys have found over the past few weeks: that people are changing their driving habits to save money. A late July survey by the AA found 64 percent of respondents said they had reduced either their car use or other discretionary spending. However, they reported actual car usage had remained at 95 percent of pre-pandemic levels.  READ MORE: Millions can turn to solar energy to beat crisis thanks to Brexit  According to a survey by insurer Aviva in June, 45 percent of drivers claimed they were using less petrol than a month ago, and 48 percent said they were using less than a year ago. But rather than skipping on driving altogether, 26 percent said they were choosing to put less fuel in the tank, 22 percent said they were driving more slowly to lower consumption and 18 percent were accelerating or braking more gradually. Eight percent of respondents said they were sharing cars with others to split costs. Meanwhile, 39 percent said they were walking more, 16 percent were using public transport more often while 13 percent were trying to avoid a commute altogether by working from home.   It remains to be seen whether these routine changes will last, as prices at the pump have been decreasing steadily for almost a month since peaking in the week ending July 3. Motoring organisations and consumers alike have been complaining that various links in the supply chain have prevented prices from returning to normal to prolong their profits. The price of oil reached a high of $127 (£104) a barrel on March 8, soon after the start of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Before the widespread imposition of sanctions Russia was the world’s largest oil exporter, but countries soon sought alternative suppliers and oil prices dipped back below $100 (£82).   European refineries, that turn crude oil into a range of commercial petroleum products, have seen a reduction in capacity as they have been forced to scramble for sources further afield. The price of crude oil and refined petroleum usually move in tandem, but the difference between the two — known as the crack spread — reached about five times its long-term average in May, according to Bloomberg. Although their last UK-based operation closed in 2006, BP reportedly operates 11 refineries around the world. Released today, the British oil and gas company’s Q2 results show $9.3billion (£7.6billion) in profits between the months of April and June, with shareholders set to be rewarded by a 10 percent increase in their dividend.   The wholesale cost of petrol — what retailers are charged to stock petrol stations — has also been falling, dropping to 132p a litre in late July. With prices for consumers still on average 50p a litre higher than this, the AA and the RAC have pointed the finger at petrol retailers, many of which are operated by supermarket chains, for keeping prices higher than necessary. Both remaining Conservative leadership candidates have made policy pledges to curb the cost of living crisis, primarily in the form of tax cuts. In May it was announced that a temporary Energy Profits Levy on oil and gas firms would be put in place to support the Government’s cost-of-living crisis support packages, set to come to £37billion over the year. 