Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down as full-time senior royals in March 2020. Harry and his elder brother, Prince William have long been reported to have been at odds for some time, whilst Harry has also suggested ongoing tensions between himself and his father. During his and Meghan's interview with Oprah Winfrey last year, Harry stated that his Prince Charles had "stopped taking" his calls. According to a new book, written by Princess Diana's former bodyguard Ken Wharfe, Harry doesn't want to "be seen" like his brother and father and would, instead, rather be "trusted" like his late mother was. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed Ken Wharfe's royal claims. Ms Garibaldi said that Harry would "rather be trusted like Princess Diana", instead of "being seen" like his father Prince Charles, or brother [Prince] William. She said: "This is according to a new book written by the Princess' former bodyguard Ken Wharfe. "In his book, Diana: Remembering The Princess, he writes [that] Harry doesn't want to be seen as the same sort of man as his brother or father. "Instead, he wants to be trusted as Diana was." She added: "He isn't coming back yet, but it did leave the door open, and he isn't ruling anything out". READ MORE: 'It's essential, fact!' Backlash grows over Harry and Meghan UK row as 'privileges lost' According to Tina Brown, author of ‘The Palace Papers’, Harry "idolised" Diana, whereas William "understood" her more. She claimed that the brother's two-year age gap gave them both unique perspectives. Ms Brown wrote: "The two-year age gap between them was critical in forging their distinctive world views and, equally so, in shaping their perceptions of their mother. Princess Diana died in August 1997, aged 36, in a car crash in Paris, France. At the time of Diana's death, Prince William was 15-years-old and Prince Harry was just 12. READ MORE: Prince Harry memoir pivotal to Sussexes finances 'Been spending money like water!' In Harry and Meghan's bombshell interview with Oprah in 2021, Harry described a sense of feeling "trapped" during his life in The Firm. He also claimed that while he was able to get out, Prince William and his father Charles did not have the same freedom as he did. "I was trapped, but I didn’t know I was trapped,” Harry said in the interview. “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that." DON'T MISS Royal biographer Robert Jobson previously told Royally US that Charles and William were "very angry" by Harry's "trapped" comments. He said: "I think Harry was putting words into his father and his brother’s mouths, and maybe making an assessment based upon his feelings. “They were both very angry about that, both Charles and William. I don’t think it’s true, I don’t think he felt trapped in any way.” READ NEXT: