Gogglebox star Jenny Newby has taken to Instagram to pay tribute to her best friend and Channel 4 co-star Lee Riley following their BAFTA win earlier in the year. It comes after Jenny, 66, was forced to skip the glitzy event as she was undergoing surgery. In view of their 722,000 followers, Jenny appeared in her garden while clutching her golden BAFTA award. She said: "Hiya, Lee. It's only me. I've got my BAFTA. "I know I couldn't be there with you on the night. She went on: "I swapped my evening gown for my theatre gown, and my black stocking for surgical stockings and my silver clutch bag for a catheter bag. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life "But all in all, I never got to say thank you for the support you gave me through the pandemic when we were filming. "The things that you did for me. Like, giving me that 9ft by 5ft bedroom, wall to wall walls, and enough room under the bed for my Pot Noodle and a packet of fags." Jenny continued: "And the one shelf you gave me in the kitchen. "And I had to stand on a step to get to it. "But I just want to say, all in all, Lee, thank you very much for being my bezzie mate and I'm hoping to see you soon," she signed off. The clip was captioned by Lee and read: "This is why I love this woman. "Thank you for your kind words Jenny, see you next week," he added alongside multiple laughing emojis. Following the brief video, fans of the Channel 4 show took to the comments to pen messages of support. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [ANALYSIS]Jeremy Clarkson's 'excitement' as girlfriend Lisa requested lap dance [UPDATE] Instagram user leepiper66 wrote: "Lots of love Jenny we've missed you and Lee xxxx." Mrs_sarah_coxall added: "Aww trooper, so glad your on the mend." While through_my_scorpio_eyes commented: "Love Jenny, can’t wait to to see Lee and Jenny again on Gogglebox in September." It comes after Lee issued an update on Jenny after she finally had surgery following two years of waiting. Lee gave the update after Jenny's absence from the BAFTA TV Awards. He said: "Yes, she has had an operation, but it's been on the waiting list for two years and it come BAFTA week. (sic) "So I was totally gutted that she couldn't be by my side last night and she was as well," she added. Addressing the "well wishes" that his friend has received, Lee told how grateful Jenny is to be reading them. "She wants to say thank you and so do I, I want to say thank you for caring, you're great," he added.