Rosie O’Donnell, 60, took to TikTok on Sunday to share a short clip with fans admitting her regret over mocking actress Anne Heche in a 2001 interview. It comes after Anne was involved in a car crash on Friday. She said in the clip: “I can’t stop thinking about this Anne Heche accident and how horrifying the whole thing is. “I feel bad that I made fun of her when she was talking to Barbara Walters about having a relationship with space aliens.” Anne was involved in the incident last week, in which her car collided into a California house which caught fire following the collision. Speaking in a 2001 interview with 20/20, Anne had defended herself against accusations of insanity. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning “I’m not crazy,” Heche said. “But it’s a crazy life. I was raised in a crazy family and it took 31 years to get the crazy out of me. “I had a fantasy world that I escaped to. “I called my other personality Celestia ... I believed I was from that world. I believed I was from another planet. I think I was insane.” Rosie went on to mock the interview at a benefit at New York’s Carolines Comedy Club. She alluded to Anne’s former relationship with Ellen DeGeneres. The comedian referred to the interview, as reported by USA Today at the time, as a “train wreck.” She said: “What the hell kind of train wreck was that? DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne clutches Ozzy’s hand after Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Zoe Ball breaks down in tears on air over Olivia Newton-John's death [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp 're-signs seven-figure deal' with Dior Sauvage [HOLLYWOOD] “She couldn’t just say, ‘I was a lesbian for two years, it didn’t work out for me.’” Following the incident last week, Anne has been hospitalized and suffered major burns. The vehicle was engulfed in flames while the actress was sitting inside. A spokesperson for Anne told Page Six on Monday that “shortly after the accident, Anne became unconscious". They continued: “She slipped into a coma and has a significant pulmonary injury requiring mechanical ventilation and burns that require surgical intervention.” The spokesperson told People on Monday that Anne remains in “critical condition”. “She is in a coma and has not regained consciousness since shortly after the accident,” they said.