Daniil Medvedev declared he will continue to confront people who criticise and heckle him after he was called a ‘loser’ following his defeat to Nick Kyrgios at the Canadian Open. The Russian superstar confronted a fan as he made his way out the stadium, challenging him to ‘educate’ his child. At the Canadian Open in Montreal, Medvedev fell in three sets to Kyrgios as the Australian triumphed 6-7 (1-7) 6-4 6-2. As the World No.1 made his way out of the stadium, Medvedev was labelled a ‘loser’ and he challenged the man. The fan proceeded to double down and shout about mutual respect, but Medvedev stood his ground and others called on the man to apologise while security scrambled to ensure all was well. The 26-year-old spoke about the incident ahead of the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati. “I was disappointed after losing the match [against Kyrgios],” Medvedev said. “But when someone mocks me, I’ll respond. “It would be bad to let people shout bad things at me and just keep walking. I will ask what his problem is. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal can capitalise on Djokovic absence to close in on record “The father of the guy said something to me also – I say educate your kid. I won’t let people mock me. “This is one of the first times it’s happened to me, it doesn’t really happen a lot. On social media [criticism and insults] are a bit out of control.” Medvedev also spoke on the matter in Russian with his quotes translated by fan account @dmedvedevfans. According to the account, Medvedev also said: “It doesn’t matter, after the match, during the tournament, on the street or at home – if someone laughs at me, I will answer. I came up and asked: ‘What’s the problem? Why do you say that? Don’t do that’. “The surrounding people asked him to apologise. But it doesn’t matter. I won’t let anyone shout nasty things at me, I won’t keep silent and I won’t pass by. His father bothered me the most. When I approached his son, he also started saying nasty things to me. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu gives verdict on 'last opportunity' to face WilliamsNadal shares 'selfish' view on Williams' retirement with GOAT claimNadal reacts to No 1 chances as he downplays Cincinnati expectations “I will raise my children differently. Bring up the child, and don’t say nasty things to me. In general, this was one of the first cases when I encountered this in real life. But the more famous you become, the higher the probability of such incidents.” “Disgusting behaviour. This is the best we have in the sport, fans need to show some respect.” Both Medvedev and Kyrgios are scheduled to return to action at the tournament in Cincinnati on Tuesday, with the Russian set to face Botic van de Zandschulp in the second round. However, the Australian will also take on Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in the opening round.