In the early 1950s, shortly after the death of her father, Princess Margaret fell in love with Peter Townsend, who, because he was a divorcee, was "not considered an appropriate husband" for the Queen's younger sister. Speaking on the recent episode of the One Way Ticket Show podcast, royal commentator Victoria Arbiter revealed how the release of some royal documents in 2004, two years after Princess Margaret's death, showed that, despite royal disapproval, the Queen, along with the Prime Minister at the time Anthony Eden, "approved" Margaret's desires to marry the "love of her life". Ms Arbiter said: "What really speaks to the Queen desires to look out for her sister is the fact that for years she was criticised accused of preventing Margaret from marrying the, so called, love of her life. "Peter Townsend [was] a divorcee and not considered an appropriate husband, back in that era." She added that papers were released in 2004, showed that the "then-Prime Minister Anthony Eden, with approval from the Queen, did work out a plan whereby Princess Margaret could marry Peter Townsend. "[She would have been able to] keep her duties, keep her HRH, [and] even keep her allowance. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Desperate' Harry and Meghan spark fierce backlash announcing UK return "The only thing she would have had to have had to give up was her place in line to the throne." She added that it was Margaret who "decided to give up" Peter Townsend." Ms Arbiter continued: "Margaret respected the institution of monarchy [and] she admired her sister enormously. "She [Margaret] wanted to make sure she did right by her." READ MORE: 'I can't wait' Royal fans gush as Meghan Markle announces date for 'keynote speech' in UK She added that the Queen never, still to this day, has "corrected that narrative", adding that she just "took it on the chin". She added: "I think she was probably quite glad when those papers were released by the National Archives. "I think it speaks to her desire to make sure that her sister was happy, she recognised that they were in very different positions. "She never wavered in her desires to take care of her sister, they were sisters". DON'T MISS 'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] The two princesses were reportedly "very close' during their childhood. Rachael Lloyd, a relationship expert from eharmony spoke previously to Express.co.uk and claimed that the girls were "twins of differing ages". READ NEXT: