Karen Williams, travel expert at Eurocamp, shared her top money-saving hacks with Express.co.uk. As the cost of living crisis bites, many Britons are struggling to afford a holiday. “Split the cost of your accommodation with your nearest and dearest. Holiday homes are perfect for this, allowing you to book accommodation for a fixed price, not per person. “This means you can easily share with other family and friends and save a fortune on your holiday.” Splitting the cost of a holiday home with friends or family could help Britons save a lot on a holiday this year. Some holiday homes have bunk beds where children can share one room and enjoy a sleepover with their friends. READ MORE: Flight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane “Flight prices rise on Saturday and Sundays, why not try and travel mid-week? Eurocamp doesn’t have fixed departure or arrival days, so you can have complete flexibility over your travel dates.” According to travel expert Simon Calder, the cheapest days to travel are usually Tuesday and Wednesday. If it’s possible to have flexibility with departure dates, travelling outside of peak times could help save money. “Self-catering can help you save big bucks. You don’t need to go out to enjoy a good, filling meal and instead try some local delicacies from your own holiday home. “If your kids fancy a snack, having a selection of treats for them to enjoy can be a great way of saving money by avoiding pricey shops and snack bars. “Save money by sticking to a food budget. At the start of your holiday, do a single one-off shopping trip to a big supermarket to get all of your food for dinners and snacks, and allocate a budget for those special occasion meals.” Self-catering accommodation means tourists won’t have to fork out for expensive meals on holiday. READ MORE: ‘Coastline being eaten up!’ Londoner who moved to Devon shocked “Save on fuel and transport costs and explore the local area on a bike. A lot of parks, resorts, hotels and hostels offer bike hire for a small fee and if you’re travelling by car you can strap your bikes on to save you even more money.” Tourists could also opt to visit a city which is more likely to be easy to get around on foot without needing transport. “Look around for the best deals for you and your family by signing up to mailing alerts. Many companies now include an ‘offers’ tab on their websites, so have a look through there and you might find some gems. “A lot of websites and companies often run limited time deals and discounts, so make sure to regularly check the sites and see if there’s anything for you.” “Have a bit of time and want to save some serious cash? Ditch the plane and drive to your destination.” Some ferry companies have great deals to get across the Channel and tourists won’t have to worry about airport queues. Karen said: “Not only does this avoid lengthy airport queues and delayed and cancelled flights, there’s no need to worry about weight limits for baggage or whether you’ll be sat together, just jump in the car and go!”