Tennis legend Martina Navratilova believes Emma Raducanu's performances in the Cincinnati Masters will come as a "massive boost" for the 19-year-old ahead of her US Open title defence. The teenager made history at last year's US Open when she became the first ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam singles title. She also became the first British woman to win a Grand Slam singles title since Virginia Wade's 1977 Wimbledon win. However, Raducanu has struggled to hit those same heights ever since, notably struggling with a number of injury problems. Now, ahead of her return to Flushing Meadows, 18-time Grand Slam winner Navratilova believes Raducanu is starting to show 'signs' of getting back to her best. In Cincinnati, Raducanu beat the legendary Serena Williams 6-4 6-0 and two-time Grand Slam winner Victoria Azarenka 6-0 6-2, before being knocked out by Jessica Pegula. Speaking to the PA news agency, Navratilova said: "She played well in Cincinnati. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu has 'opened a can of worms' with US Open concern raised "It was massive because, if she hadn’t won the US Open and she has the year that she’s had, she’d be pretty happy about it and the British press would be happy about it. She’s up and coming and rising in the ranks. "But, because she won the US Open the expectations went so high, and we saw how well she can play – it’s not even about the results, it’s why aren’t you playing anywhere near the level you played at the US Open? "She couldn’t answer it but she started showing those signs in Cincinnati so she’ll be very relieved I think with how she played and let’s see how deep she can go. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal 'wants' Novak Djokovic at US Open, says Dan EvansNovak Djokovic US Open exemption addressed by organisers' emailEmma Raducanu ready to embrace phase two of career after US Open "Once you win a big one you’re a scalp for everybody to beat, people play better, a little extra oomph in their step and you’re looking over your shoulder. And then also they learn how to play you. "It was amazing what she did. She’s paying the price for it but I hope she can put it together because she’s definitely a huge talent." Raducanu begins her US Open defence against French star Alize Cornet on the Louis Armstrong Stadium.