The 12-year-old boy was found unconscious with a ligature around his neck at his home in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, on April 7. His mother believes he my have been taking part in an online challenge when he suffered brain damage. Archie has not since regained consciousness. Doctors at Barts Health NHS Trust believe it is not in his best interests for life-support treatment to be continued. An appeal against their decision to end treatment was yesterday refused by the Supreme Court. The court said in a ruling that the Court of Appeal had “made the correct decision” by not allowing the United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities to look at the case. Judges said the decision to end treatment was not a “breach of international law”. READ MORE: Recession 'coming' economist raises alarm in new forecast & chart They added: “The panel reaches this conclusion with a heavy heart.” At a hearing, President of the Family Division Sir Andrew McFarlane said: "In short, [Archie’s] system, his organs and, ultimately, his heart are in the process of closing down." Ms Dance is, however, convinced her son is making progress and that it is wrong for his life support to be turned off – at least at this time. She told Good Morning Britain earlier this week: “I know Archie’s still with us. “Archie is showing very different signs to what the clinicians are putting over to the courts. He’s very much there. “He’s progressing in so many ways. They put over to the court that Archie doesn’t hold his own body temperature – Archie’s been doing that for months now; he’s got a very good, stable heartbeat; he holds his own blood pressure; he’s gaining weight. “All very different things that are being put over.” Archie’s parents were told that if they wanted to send an application to the European Court of Human Rights, they had to do so by 9am today. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Ms Dance described the short deadline as “cruel”. She added: “Every single court case we've had, we've had no time at all, one or two days to prepare and get the whole case together.” Ms Dance also last night said the she had asked the Royal London Hospital to allow them to move Archie to a hospice, noting: “Heartbreakingly, the hospital trust have told us this evening that we cannot move Archie to a hospice.” A family friend, quoted in the Independent, said there were “seven or eight” security guards outside the young boy’s room, adding: “If this is Archie’s last couple of days it needs to be peaceful and it needs to be a calm atmosphere, and it’s the complete opposite really.” The Trust today confirmed it would not be turning Archie’s life support off at 11am because of the appeal to the ECHR. It said: “We will make no changes to Archie's care until the outstanding legal issues are resolved.”