In the latest industrial action to affect rail travel, thousands of ASLEF members have walked out in protest over pay and "modernisation". The strike has stopped most intercity trains between London and the Midlands, northern England and Scotland, and into south Wales. The disruptions are causing misery up and down the country and have produced a furious response from exasperated travellers. Isabel Oakeshott, a political journalist, could not hide her frustrations as she described her attempt to catch a train this morning. She tweeted: "My train journey today: 'Sorry, we have no driver.' "Also today, no trains AT ALL on many lines. Next week, three days of strike chaos. "What an absolute shit show this country is right now. Here's hoping @trussliz gets us back on track." The UK's Transport Secretary has refused to intervene in talks between the rail unions and their bosses. In a recent interview with Sky News, Grant Schnapps said he was "not the right person to be in the room negotiating". However, his refusal to act to help resolve the dispute has drawn stinging criticism from Labour. Louise Haigh, the shadow Transport Secretary, tweeted: "This week I met with @mickwhelanaslef and @aslefunion colleagues. "Train drivers helped keep the country running during the pandemic. "They deserve fair pay and respect. "Yet, shamefully, Grant Shapps still refuses to do his job and sit-down with them to agree a deal." READ MORE: Train strike tomorrow: Every line affected on August 13 However, many people disagreed with the Labour front bencher over her support for better pay for the drivers. They pointed out that drivers already enjoyed a very generous pay package. Mike Ford wrote: "So you think a 60k annual salary is poor pay. "This is far far above what drivers in Europe get. To strike for more is plain unadulterated greed. "There are just as deserving workers who get half this salary, I am sure on that salary they can survive very nicely thank you." DON'T MISS Transport strikes: Upcoming airline and train strikes in FULL [NEWS]London Tube strikes: Underground and Overground workers to walk out [REVEAL]Keir Starmer branded 'shameful' as unions issue funding threat [SPOTLIGHT] While social media user @pozreina said: "But they’re getting paid more than nurses! They need to have a word with themselves!!!" Nigel Moore added: "They have great pay." The UK is facing more disposition throughout August, as unions ramp up their campaign. The RMT union has announced two 24-hour strikes on August 18 and 20. The walk outs involve RMT members at Network Rail and fourteen train operators. They will be joined by several thousand TSSA members at Network Rail .