Fatman Scoop is famed for his massive noughties hit Put Your Hands Up and he made a memorable appearance on Channel 4 on Saturday morning. The rapper used some spicy language when referring to someone's body, which forced Mo Gilligan to step in and apologise for.  Back in the 90s The Big Breakfast was known for its lively, entertaining and often raucous behaviour and the show's return proved to live up to its legacy. Mo Gilligan and AJ Odudu presented the Channel 4 show and welcomed special guest Fatman Scoop to the house. However, the rapper's choice of vocabulary proved to be a problem and Mo issued an apology to viewers who may have been offended by the word a*s. With the show kicking off at 10am, guests are expected to be on their best behaviour, but as was the case during its original run, controversy wasn't far Read More: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death Comedian Mo made light of Fatman Scoop using the slang phrase for someone's bottom and joked about answering a complaint to OFCOM. The presenter said: "Bottom, he means bottom - I'm so sorry" with a wry smile after the rapper used the word. He mimicked answering a complaint from the regulatory body placing his fingers to his ear as if he was on the telephone. Mo joked: "That's them now!" as fellow hosts AJ and Fatman Scoop laughed about the TV morning hiccup. For the last three weeks, viewers have been treated to a nostalgic tip with a modern twist as the iconic morning TV show makes a comeback. From 1992 to 2002 Johnny Vaughan, Chris Evans, Lisa Tarbuck, Paula Yates and Denise Van Outen starred in making The Big Breakfast must watch TV. Channel 4 bosses decided to give the show another run and the first show lived up to the chaotic nature it had in its original run. Some fans were full of praise for the new-look show and tweeted their joy at the triumphant debut. DON'T MISS...Gyles Brandreth, 74, breaks his arm in another painful fall [ARTICLE]GB News sparks backlash as host slams Duke of Sussex [INSIGHT]Fern Britton 'looks back and laughs' at Phil Vickery marriage [INTERVIEW]  Hard Luck Hotel tweeted: “The Big Breakfast is such a refreshing change to what’s available on the other 2 channels well done Channel 4 for bringing it back - Aj Adudu, Mo Gilligan and Phil Gayle have made Saturday mornings great again.” Dacreforst added: “I’m absolutely loving #TheBigBreakfast. It‘s a breath of fresh air. Well done Channel 4!” @DonnzDonnette tweeted: “Started my Saturday morning off the right way, LIVELY and LOUD with #TheBigBreakfast Vibes and jokes! @MoTheComedian @AJOdudu and all the crew and guest!” However, other fans were not so keen on the reboot which also brought back newsreader Phil Gayle. Twitter User @PeoplesPedagog1 wrote: "I may well have to turn off #TheBigBreakfast within 10 mins." Unhappy viewer Panic Dragon 8784 tweeted: "I woke up, especially for the #TheBigBreakfast but turn it down. We don't need shouty." During the latest addition, Tom Grennan, Joe Lycett, Emma Willis, Big Zuu and Kadeena Cox appeared in the famous house. The show will last for one more week and Mo will surely be hoping he won't need to apologise for any more swearing. The Big Breakfast airs on Saturday at 10am on Channel 4.