Emmerdale's former vicar Harriet Finch (played by Katherine Dow Blyton) is a key member of the community, having moved there back in 2013. While she has hung up her dog collar for good, Harriet is now keeping the village safe as a police officer. The ITV soap is now teasing a potential new romance between Harriet and an unexpected friend. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale.Prior to her days in the Yorkshire village, actress Katherine Dow Blyton had appeared in a number of other shows. She portrayed Sally Hunter for three years in Hollyoaks on Channel 4, before joining the This is England cast for two seasons as Chrissy. Some eagle-eyed Emmerdale fans may remember when Blyton had a cameo in the soap. Before joining Emmerdale in 2013, in 1996, the actress played a nurse who treated Roy Glover (Nicky Evans) after he severed his fingers. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview Emmerdale star Katherine Dow Blyton was born on November 20, 1964. This means the Harriet Finch actress is now 57 years old, having joined the cast of Emmerdale when she was 48. While Blyton does have Twitter, she prefers to keep her personal life private and so it isn't known how she celebrated her most recent birthday. It is thought though that she would have spent it with her long-term boyfriend. The identity of Blyton's other half isn't known but the couple live together and have a dog called Dexter. In 2020, she shared a picture of their pooch having his paws cleaned, alongside the tweet: "Even Dexter, with a little help, is following the guidelines #washyourpaws...or get your dad to do it." Over the years, fans have believed she was married to her former co-star John Middleton who played Ashley Thomas. But the ex-Emmerdale star has actually been married to his wife Christine since 1983. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits in pregnancy twist [THEORY]Emmerdale heartache for Charity Dingle as Mackenzie in sex scandal  [SPOILER]Zoe Henry husband: Which Emmerdale co-star is Rhona star married to? [CAST] There has also been talks about whether or not Blyton is related to Downton Abbey star Joanne Froggatt after they starred in The Syndicate together. Blyton has confirmed they aren't related but on This Morning, it was revealed she had a connection to The Famous Five author Enid Blyton. When asked if this was true, she said: “Apparently yes, very distantly. Enid Blyton was a cousin of my grandpa’s.” Her character Harriet could soon be finding herself in a new relationship, going by scenes which are to air next week. Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) has had a crush on Harriet for quite some time now but nothing has come of it. He tried to ask her for a drink but Harriet was oblivious to Dan asking her out on a date. In next week's Emmerdale, Dan is going to lean in to kiss Harriet, finally making his intentions clear but how will she react? Emmerdale continues to air four nights a week on ITV.