Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand believes the Red Devils could see up to three new faces come through the door this summer, but has poured cold water on the idea that Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong will be moving to Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag’s side have been chasing the Dutch playmaker all transfer window, but Ferdinand does not believe the 25-year-old will join after Casemiro was signed in a £60million deal from Real Madrid. The Brazilian midfielder has joined new signings Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia to the club, and Ferdinand has claimed that up to three signings could yet join them before the end of the month. “Now that they have signed Casemiro, no chance [of De Jong moving to United],” Ferdinand told his Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE YouTube channel. “I think they will still go for Antony at Ajax if they can get his deal done, which it seems is moving in the right direction. “I still think they might go for a centre-forward, another one. Especially if someone like [Cristiano] Ronaldo goes. But I think that’s what they will do. Even maybe, are they happy with [Aaron] Wan-Bissaka? I don’t know, they might even try to get a cover right-back in, I am not sure.” Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd United boss Ten Hag admitted that more players could yet come into the club this summer. "You can never tell," Ten Hag told Sky Sports after the 2-1 win over Liverpool. "We said from the beginning we wanted to bring the right players in and not just any players. "I think now we have the right player [in new signing Casemiro], I'm sure of that. The window is not closed. You need numbers but not only numbers, you need quality. We gave so much and I think when you bring it on the pitch you will get stronger, physically [and] mentally. If you bring it every three days you need numbers and quality numbers. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "We need more leaders. When you want a winning team, you need more leaders. We have to bring it in every game, not only against Liverpool. We were talking about leadership and we were talking about leadership on the pitch but he [Casemiro] is one as well. "He knows the game, he knows how to win. In his career he's won so many trophies and that's important to have in your team. Raphael Varane has it, so with him and Casemiro, [Cristiano] Ronaldo has it, you need some as a guidance for young players who didn't achieve the trophies until now, but that's what we want to achieve." In addition to Antony, United have been linked with another Eredivisie winger in PSV’s Cody Gakpo, and both players are reportedly willing to move to Old Trafford before the window closes.