Tennis World No.1 Daniil Medvedev questioned the rules surrounding vaccinated people entering the United States after Novak Djokovic withdrew from the US Open. The Serb has missed the Flushing Meadows tournament after it became clear the three-time US Open champion would not be cleared to enter the country. Djokovic was hoping a sudden change to the rules would allow him to enter the United States and compete in the fourth and final Grand Slam. The 35-year-old is a major doubt to compete as he is currently prohibited from entering the country due to his vaccination status. The United States Government recently introduced new measures set to relax Covid restrictions regarding time spent in quarantine and social distancing. Djokovic missed out on the US Open after he failed to get a special exemption like the one he applied for ahead of the Australian Open in January, which proved to be famously ill-fated. After his triumph at Wimbledon, Djokovic conceded he did not feel confident about his chances of competing in New York. He believes there will be further opportunities to close in on Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 Grand Slam titles. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu defended from harsh criticism: ‘Everyone's after her!' However, Russian star Daniil Medvedev is a friend of Djokovic and has spoken about the Serb’s situation. He questioned the rules affecting the 21-time Grand Slam champion after winning his first round match. “You know that he could not enter the country for whatever reason, because of a different law,” Medvedev said about Djokovic’s situation. “We can say: Does that law make sense? Americans can return without a vaccine. Novak can't come and he doesn't want to live in America. He just wants to play a tennis tournament and return home to Serbia.” Djokovic’s stance against taking the vaccine has been incredibly public, and it all came to a head when he was deported from Australia in January after his visa documentation was deemed to be incorrect by local authorities. The Serb has struggled to play in tournaments, but he has continued to train as normal to prepare for tournaments like Wimbledon correctly. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic protest outside US Open courts as Joe Biden called outUS Open fans disgusted as 16-year-old's dad and coach grab bum Kyrgios in 'uncomfortable' situation after 'nightmare' US Open win As for Medvedev, he cruised through the first round of the US Open with Stefan Kozlov in straight sets. The reigning champion won 6-2 6-4 6-0 and showcased his talent as he found form towards the end of the match. “The first match is never easy,” Medvedev added. “Stefan doesn't have a single outstanding shot, but he's close to the Top 100.  He's an excellent player, I've known him since his junior days. I am very happy with the outcome and the victory.” The US Open began on 26 August and runs until the men’s singles final on 11 September.