The consumer choice company found that some versions of the same products are priced nearly four times as much in the same supermarket. This has been making it difficult for consumers to know how to get the best value for money.  Which? spent three months tracking the prices of ten popular items including Coca-Cola, Dairy Milk chocolate and Weetabix at Asda, Morrisons, Sainsburys and Tesco. For example, at Tesco the price of Coke varied between 11p and 50p per 100ml depending on what size can or bottle was being bought. A shopper buying four 250ml bottles for £5 was spending 345 percent more per 100ml than one who opted for a 1.5 litre bottle costing £1.68, reported The Times. Fruit and vegetables were also cost differently depending on the pack size and variety and could cost entirely different amounts depending on if they were priced per pack or per kilogram.  Terminology was found to be equally confusing, as Lidl peppers were priced both per piece and each. At M&S the word each was used to refer to both a single pear and a pack of pears. Pricing was also hard to read across various different items in Tesco, Waitrose, Morrisons and M&S, or it was missing completely.  READ MORE: Prince Willaim supports New Zealanders affected by flooding By law retailers are required to display both a selling price and, if appropriate, a unit price on the shelf labels of food and drink products. The units that can be used are specified in legislation and include a kilogram, 100g, 10g, litre, 100ml or individual item. Sue Davies, head of food policy at Which?, said: “At a time when food prices are a huge concern, unit pricing can be a useful tool for shoppers to compare and choose the cheapest groceries but unclear supermarket pricing means the vast majority of people are left struggling to find the best deal.”  DON'T MISS:British hosts have said they cannot afford to keep homing refugees [LATEST]William’s treasured charity gains celebrity support [ROYALS]UK economy suffers biggest fall since 1709 after taking 11 percent hit [INSIGHT] This comes as the Government has announced further financial aid for those struggling to cope with the soaring cost of living. From September 20 around six million people claiming disability benefits will receive a one-off £150 payment. Minister for disabled people, health and work Chloe Smith said: “We know disabled people can face additional costs, which is why we are acting to help reduce the financial pressures on the most vulnerable.” 