As we gear up for the Aquarius Full Super Sturgeon Moon in the early hours of tomorrow morning, energies are expected to be a bit more intense today. A Sun-Uranus square, a Mars-Neptune sextile, and a Venus moving into Leo are here to shake things up. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 11. The Sun will form a square with Uranus at 1.53pm BST, which might temporarily make you feel some areas of your life are slightly unstable, according to Cafe Astrology. The strong Aquarius desire for independence and rebellion could “impair our judgement”, during this period. Cafe Astrology said: “Changes we make now may feel out of character or abrupt. “Disrupted routines and plans are likely, and while they can be unsettling at first, they can also encourage new approaches.” READ MORE:Meghan Markle has ‘fans and haters’ for unusual reason astrologer says   This disruption, however, might reveal buried frustrations, which you’ll be more inclined to tackle head-on. Cafe Astrology said: “It can be a time to learn something new about ourselves.” An open mind and flexibility are required to keep you afloat during this stage of uncertainty. Astrology King advised the “best way” to tackle the “tense energy” is to be proactive about positive change.  To stir the pot even more, a Mercury-Pluto challenge might complicate communications further in the afternoon. However, Mars will head into a sextile with Neptune at 10.43pm, easing tensions and negativity. Cafe Astrology said it will “encourage a more inspired or gentle approach to pursuing our desires". It continued: “With this transit in force, we actively seek inspiration. Our intuitive guidance can be put to practical use, especially if it helps increase our sense of security." DON'T MISS:Horoscopes: Your weekly predictions from Russell Grant [ANALYSIS]Horoscopes: Your horoscope for August from astrologer Russell Grant [INSIGHT]How often to water Japanese maples in a heatwave [EXPLAINED]     You might find it easier to let go of anger and take on a softer approach to situations that might have been bothering you. Cafe Astrology said: “We prefer to cooperate or go our own way than compete. We are also ready to act on our compassion, communicating our intentions through actions and gestures, and our intuition for making the right moves is strong.” Venus will enter Leo at 7.29pm, and it will transit in this sign until September 5.  Cafe Astrology said: “It’s a warm-hearted, playful, expressive, and proud placement for Venus." During this transit, we tend to thrive off attention, acknowledgement, validation, and adoration. Cafe Astrology said: “We can have a high ego investment in our money, love life, children, or pastimes. “It’s best to watch for extravagance and overstating our feelings only for effect.” 