Overwatering is a huge cause in houseplant death and disease and it can be hard to recover a plant which has been watered too much. However, it can be hard to know how much and how often to water indoor plants to make sure they are getting enough hydration. Speaking on This Morning, Mr Plant Geek, who has more than 40,000 Instagram followers, shared his top tips. Presenter Vernon Kay asked: “Josie can’t keep a houseplant alive so you’re here to help with her wars. What’s the easiest thing we can do?” Michael said: “Probably not overwater. I know you said to me earlier you think you’ve overwatered your plants. “The best way to water your plants is to just have a reminder in your phone once a week. “That is the day you will go round and water your plants when they need it.” READ MORE: UK house prices fall for the first time in 13 months The expert also said not to share this job with friends or family as this can cause overwatering. He added: “The plants will survive and through the week have a look and react to them. “Get to know your plants.” Houseplants shouldn’t be left sitting in water as this will cause them to rot. DON'T MISS:‘Unusual’ ways to clean kitchen appliances - including using oil [COMMENT]How to stop ants nesting in your plant pots - ‘deters’ pests [EXPERT]Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [EXPLAINER] Instead give them a small amount at a time until they look moist enough. The soil of indoor plants should be kept moist instead of dry. When it came to sharing tips on orchids, Michael recommended using a shot glass to measure how much water they get. Orchid roots need more air to photosynthesis and a chance to dry out between waterings. READ MORE: Kate Winslet’s quiet life in £4million West Sussex property It is much better to give them too little than too much. Overwatering plants can lead to root rot which causes the plant to suffocate. Houseplants also like to be dusted to allow them to photosynthesise more effectively. Michael said: “You can actually use a banana skin to drag it along the leaf to get off any dust and insects. “Rice water is also good protein for your plants. “Old coffee grounds too. Place it on the top of the soil, it’s really good acidic pep for your plants.” Michael also shared top tips on looking after orchids to help them “bounce back” after flowering. The expert said once they have finished flowering, which is usually after around 14 weeks, owners should place them in a cool room. This will help them to rest.