The group vowed to sue Ofgem after the energy regulator announced that in October, it would raise the price cap on energy bills by a staggering 80 percent to £3,549 a year. In what they say is the first legal action of its kind, the Good Law Project noted that it is suing Ofgem alongside Fuel Poverty Action and the Highlands & Islands Housing Associations Affordable Warmth Group.   Jolyon Maugham, director of the Good Law Project slammed Ofgem, saying: “Do not be fooled. This is a choice. “And the choice they’ve made is to let low-income consumers and small businesses bear the brunt of this crisis. “We believe Ofgem can, and should, do more. “We intend to put the question before the High Court, and will ask for a fast-tracked timeline to reflect the urgency of this crisis.” The group said that it would ask the High Court to “ensure the regulator upholds its legal duties to, among other things, carry out an impact assessment that includes assessing the disproportionate impact on elderly people, children and people with disabilities, before confirming the price cap increase”.  In a series of tweets, they wrote that Ofgem should be doing more to help the most vulnerable. They said that before Ofgem raised the cap, it believed the regulator was legally required to “provide evidence it has carried out a proper impact assessment” and had to “consider appropriate mitigation measures for the most vulnerable, including a lower social tariff”. They wrote: “In July, we wrote to Ofgem to express our concern about its decision-making. “We asked it to provide proof of its impact assessments. It failed to produce any such evidence. “Last week we put the regulator on notice of formal legal action if it failed to uphold its duties.” READ MORE: ‘Truly terrifying' State pension horror as bills to leave only £3,000 They added that the recent announcement has provided no indiciation that Ofgem has carried out any impact assessments. Meanwhile, Fraser Scott, the head of Energy Action Scotland has warned that almost three-quarters of Scottish homes could face fuel poverty as a result of the latest increase. This is a sharp increase from 2019 when it estimated that only a quarter of families spend over 10 percent of their income on energy. State Pensioners in particular face a nightmare scenario as experts warn that almost three-quarters of the annual state pension could be wiped out by forecasted energy bills for next year.