Adam Scorer, chief of National Energy Action, said energy regulator Ofgem has “got a lot of work to do” to make sure the most vulnerable in society do not have to “cut themselves off from gas” completely just to avoid crippling debt. As it was announced that the energy price cap will rise to £3,549, Mr Scorer claimed “the poorest households will be facing armageddon over the winter” and urged the Government to “step in” to prevent complete disaster from besetting millions of Britons.    Mr Scorer said: “Ofgem has got to really enforce the regulations that require energy suppliers to treat their vulnerable and low income households fairly. “It has got to think about social tariffs, about instituting at the heart of our regulatory environment, giving greater protection for those on the lowest incomes. “It has got to think harder about if you want a prepayment meter, you are not so disadvantaged in the market or likely to cut yourself off from gas. “It has got a lot of work to do. In many ways, this crisis is so unprecedented that provisions we have had for good years are just blown away by this crisis.    “But I think they should have done more, to be honest. I think they should have done more on the standing charge, so that means if you have to cut back, or you are cutting back, you’re still seeing an excessive rise because of what is loaded into the standing charge. “So, lots of things that the regulator needs to do and the companies need to do but, come on, it is the Government. “This is a crisis of the poorest households in our society facing armageddon over the winter. “It is only the Government that can step in and make sure this is not disastrous over the winter and for next winter, as well.” READ MORE: Adil Ray in fiery clash with woman who refuses to pay bills [REPORT]   The next prime minister will most likely be unable to avoid introducing a fresh package of support, a leading think tank has said, after confirmation that the energy price cap will rise by 80.06 percent prompted grim warnings for the winter ahead. Respected think tank the Institute for Fiscal Studies suggested on Friday that whoever becomes the next prime minister would be unable to avoid putting together a “substantial package of support”, no matter what is said on the campaign trail. The new rise in the price cap, the IFS said, means the current Government supports will cover only 47 percent of the rise in bills. It said covering the same proportion of the energy price rise now would cost a further £14 billion. The IFS said it was difficult to assess the impact of Ms Truss's plans to cut green levies. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should MPs return to Parliament as energy price cap soars? [POLL] Pensioner says she’ll eat soup and a roll as price cap hits [REVEAL] Ofgem price cap rise: Should you fix your energy bills tariff? [INSIGHT]   “Cutting only those levies that still add to bills would be complex as they are linked to various schemes and subsidies and apply to business as well as households, but would save households around £50 on average over the three months from October,” the think tank said. Mr Sunak's plan to cut VAT on household energy bills, the IFS said, would save a typical household £51 between October and December at a cost of £1.4 billion. “Looking beyond this winter, energy prices also look like they will remain very high well into next year, which will put pressure on the government to provide further support in the coming months,” IFS economist Isaac Delestre said. “Whoever becomes the next prime minister will most likely be announcing a substantial package of support very soon after taking office.” The Government has insisted “help is coming” as the increase, confirmed by regulator Ofgem early on Friday, is expected to send the average household's yearly bill from £1,971 to £3,549 from October. READ NEXT: Liz Truss: 'Nothing is off the table' to cut billsOfgem price cap rising to £3,549 - Ofgem CEO warns of 'massive impact'Dutch King visits innovative North Sea projects‘Labour approach’ to energy will save BritainSave money on energy bills by making 3 simple switches ‘Save 40%' 