Thomas Tuchel has backed Chelsea owner Todd Boehly for his transfer activity so far this summer, despite the German head coach still pushing for more deals. Chelsea return to Stamford Bridge this afternoon for the first time this season in arguably the match of the campaign to date against Tottenham. Boehly has been spotted arriving at Stamford Bridge ahead of kick-off as he is set to watch on with his first signings as the club's owner in action. Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling have all arrived for big fees this summer. And even more are expected through the door with Chelsea pushing to find an agreement with Leicester for Wesley Fofana. Barcelona duo Frenkie de Jong and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are also being linked with moves to Chelsea. The match against Tottenham presents Chelsea with an opportunity to see how they will fare against their top-four rivals for the first time this campaign. And Boehly, writing in his first programme of the season, made it clear that recruitment is still ongoing to build Tuchel's squad.  "On behalf of the new Chelsea board, I'd like to welcome you all back to Stamford Bridge," he wrote. We are excited and honoured to be here with you - your dedication, passion and loyalty have kept the blue flag flying high. "There is a simple mantra that guides us every day: we want to win together and make you proud. We want to build on this remarkable history of success by acquiring quality talent across our senior, youth and women's team."  Tuchel has been outspoken in recent weeks, calling on Chelsea's board to bring in more signings to help keep up with their rivals. But the German coach insisted that he is on the same page as Boehly while praising their business so far. "They want to make sure we are in a position to compete for as many trophies as possible," Tuchel wrote in the club's programme. "Their signings speak volumes and shows how high their ambitions are." Cesar Azpilicueta and Ben Chilwell have not made the starting line-up for Chelsea against Tottenham with both Cucurella and Ruben Loftus-Cheek taking their places. Tottenham decided to stick with the same starting line-up which thrashed Southampton last week.