The blaze covered 2,000 square metres at the store in the city of Komsomolsk-on-Amur, according to Russian authorities. State news agency TASS reported today (August 27) that firefighters have been tackling the flames which sent 22 people fleeing for their lives. Russia's Ministry of Emergency Situations said in a statement reported by TASS: "According to the administration of the facility, there were electrical cables, paintwork materials in the room. "There is no threat of fire spreading to neighbouring buildings. "Even before the arrival of the fire department, 22 people left the building on their own. "According to preliminary information, the fire area was about 2,000 square metres."  The city itself is considered a key industrial hub of Russia's Far East and is home to Russia's largest aircraft manufacturing firms, Komsomolsk-on-Amur Aircraft Manufacturing Association. It has manufactured civil and military aircraft, including the Su fighter jet series. A ship and submarine building company, Amur Shipbuilding Plant, is also based in the city. Russian media outlet komcity.ru reported just before 2pm local time (5am GMT) that the fire was still raging.  It added firefighters had managed to stop the fire spreading to barrels of oil stored outside. Komcity.ru, in a report translated from Russian, said: "According to experts, until it burns out, there is no point in extinguishing it, and it is dangerous because of the constant explosions of barrels of fuel and lubricants. The main task now is to contain the spread." Video footage on social media shows a group of onlookers standing near the blaze with fire engines nearby. Clouds of thick, black smoke can be seen billowing into the sky with flames raging along the length of a building.  READ MORE ABOUT A MAN DYING AFTER ENTERING THE THAMES ON BEING ARRESTED The fire is the latest in a series of blazes which have rocked Russia in recent weeks. A warehouse outside Moscow believed to be owned by Ozone - Russia's equivalent to Amazon - was alight earlier this month. Commentator Igor Sushko said in a post on Twitter that the fire covered almost nine acres. More than 1,000 people were forced to flee the warehouse, according to Euro Weekly, while part of the roof reportedly collapsed.  DON'T MISS: Plane crash horror: One dead as aircraft plunges from sky [REPORT] Man, 21, arrested on suspicion of rape after elderly woman attacked [REVEALED] Royal Family: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [LATEST] The warehouse is located in New Riga, which is close to the Russian capital. At the end of July, a key gas pipeline reportedly caught fire in the Russian region of Chelyabinsk.  Footage shared on Twitter showed an explosion with one of the platform's users re-sharing the video, saying: "The gas pipeline Bukhara – Ural broke out in the Chelyabinsk region, Russia. "According to Russian media, the incident occurred due to the depressurisation of the underground gas pipeline. At the same time, gas supplies are proceeding according to the plan." Flames reached 10 metres high, according to Russia’s Ministry of Emergency Situations. 