People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) apparently made the serious call to rename Pork Pie roundabout in Leicester in a letter to the city's mayor, Sir Peter Soulsby. It stated the East Midlands roundabout should be renamed to promote healthier food choices. The animal rights organisation believes it would send a strong message that any animal which goes into the making of pork pies and other meats is unacceptable, reports Leicestershire Live. Instead, the group believes the island, which is named after the nearby 1930s Pork Pie Library, should adopt the new name of "Vegan Pie Roundabout". It says the city has a long association with meat-free eating and that the term "vegan" was itself invented here. Senior campaigns manager Kate Werner: "This timely name change would inspire healthier food choices that help the environment, celebrate Leicester’s heritage, and prevent animal suffering. This is not a pie-in-the-sky request. "Eating a varied plant-based diet has been shown to prevent heart disease, diabetes, abdominal fat, and cancer. "Encouraging people to eat plant-based could also help lessen the burden on Leicester’s already overstretched NHS."  PETA's claims refers to the publication of a new survey last month which showed that 33.6% of people aged 18 and over in the North West Leicestershire area were obese - that was up on the 22% recorded five years earlier - making the area the most obese in the county. Blaby was the second worst with an obesity rate of 30.1%, with Melton following close behind on 28.8%.  Figures such as those have inspired PETA to call for the change. Believing it would tie in with Leicester City Council’s current Climate Emergency Strategy, Ms Werner said the name change would also raise the city's profile. She said: "The United Nations has stated that a global shift towards plant-based eating is urgently needed. And since the word ‘vegan’ was coined in Leicester by Donald Watson in 1944, it would also be a great way to celebrate the city’s vegan and pie-loving heritage." Saying the name change would help stop animal cruelty and "inspire residents to choose vegan foods", Ms Werner said there hadn’t been a better time to end the problems surrounding obesity in Leicester. She added: "PETA would be happy to offer a bountiful supply of delicious vegan pies to the local community to celebrate the name change." But on social media, locals were quick to slam the appeal. One person wrote: "What's the point? Seriously can't understand this. The roundabout (and library) do not contain meat and no animals were harmed in the making of them! "Absolutely ridiculous, pathetic and do they really have nothing better to do with their time? If they don't like calling it that then they can just call it the Saffron Lane roundabout and leave the rest of the public to call it whatever the hell they want!" Another person, who saw the funny side, said: "It must be terrible to drive through that roundabout. "Poor vegans. Having pork pie forced upon them. Maybe that's why I'm so fat? I drive past it every day!" A third person added: "Get me off this planet ASAP!" James Aris, a spokesman for rural campaigning organisation the Countryside Alliance said: "PETA are renowned attention seekers, desperate for any publicity they can get. They are best ignored and no politician should take them remotely seriously. "Leicestershire is a proud rural county, steeped in so much farming history. It’s no surprise that the county honours that where it can. "With everything going on in the country today, not least the cost of living crisis, you’d think PETA would read the room and appreciate that political representatives have more pressing matters to attend to”. If Pork Pie Island is not to their taste, the people at PETA might get the shakes over these place names too: And one they might be okay with...