Cockapoo Honey is a dedicated support dog, who stayed by her owner’s side as she endured gruelling chemotherapy treatment – helping to boost her physical health as well as her morale. “When I started my treatment I realised Honey was the best thing that could have happened because going for a walk counteracts chemotherapy fatigue,” recalls Afsaneh, 57. “I was feeling sick and exhausted, but within five minutes of walking with Honey I felt better. “She also gave me such a break from the world of the hospital and chemotherapy, which I really needed because I didn’t want my life to be defined by that.”  Honey showed great patience and understanding, restraining herself so she matched Afsaneh’s slow pace during walks, or waiting happily even when her owner was too ill to move. “After our walks I would lie in my bed and Honey was always there for me,” says business owner Afsaneh, who lives with her husband Chris, 55, a hospital consultant, in North London. “With chemo, you progressively feel worse because your body’s getting battered, and by the time I got to the last rounds of treatment, I couldn’t even get out of bed. “Honey was very patient. She never barked but would sit with me until I felt better. Even now, she still sits at my feet.”  Honey, now four, came into Afsaneh’s life at a tough time – just as she discovered she had cancer in February 2018 – and Chris was concerned having a puppy in these circumstances could be too much for his wife. “We had been on a breeder’s waiting list to get a cockapoo, and Honey was almost ready to come to us when I was diagnosed with cancer,” recalls Afsaneh.  “Chris sat me down and said: ‘Are you sure this is the right decision?’ and I replied: ‘Why not!’” The couple, who have two children, needn’t have worried. Having Honey has proved to be a huge physical and emotional boost for Afsaneh, who is now in remission from the cancer. “For someone who’s never had dogs before, I didn’t know what to expect,” admits Afsaneh, “but Honey gives me unconditional love and she has been the lynchpin of our family.”  