Gary Neville has been criticised for his comments questioning Todd Boehly's involvement in transfers at Chelsea. Neville has claimed Blues owner Boehly is "playing Football Manager" with the club's transfer business but Simon Jordan has hit out at the Manchester United legend. Chelsea were taken over by the American earlier this year after Roman Abramovich was forced to sell the club. Boehly has brought in two players so far for head coach Thomas Tuchel, with Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly arriving. However, Chelsea have missed out on top targets such as Raphinha and Jules Kounde. Neville says he has heard Boehly's name too much when it comes to pursuit of transfer targets. However, former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan says Boehly will be equally criticised if he did not play an active role. He says the 48-year-old "can't win" when receiving criticism such as Neville's. Transfer news LIVE: Ten Hag 'unhappy' with Man Utd, Chelsea's fresh blow, De Jong latest  Jordan said on talkSPORT: "Every club that buys and sells players has somebody at the front of doing it. Monchi at Sevilla, the guy that was at Leicester who was responsible for ultimately the recruitment of Leicester's team that won the Premier League, the guy that went to Everton Marcel Brands. "Because Todd Boehly's a newcomer, Gary's sort of taken him down saying 'you're a busy sod'. Well if he wasn't busy and they weren't doing anything and he wasn't getting his hands dirty and he wasn't involving himself, then the other argument would be being advanced of the Gary's in this world saying 'well what's he doing then? Why isn't he investing time and learning and understanding the culture of the business?'. "Todd Boehly is buying players and you would expect him to buy players. He's picking up the reins. "People said three months ago, the narrative was, 'Chelsea are in crisis, it's got no money, clearly they're not going to spend anymore money, the regime's going to change, no one's going to be as ambitious as Roman Abramovich is'. Roll forward, in comes a guy who's ambitious, out comes Gary Neville for saying 'oh he's too busy'. You can't win." DON'T MISSMan Utd and Chelsea handed Rice boost as West Ham told two reasons star will leaveChelsea face tight deadline for £52.5m Cucurella to face Everton in openerTuchel's talks with Chilwell emerge as Chelsea close in on Cucurella  Jordan was reacting to Neville's comments on Sky Sports' The Overlap earlier this week. The former right-back said: “I’m hearing his [Boehly] name too much. “It feels like, it’s not to be disrespectful, you know he’s a prominent guy, he’s just bought the club and everything. “He’s fronted a fund that’s paid two and a half billion quid, but to get rid of all that football operation that’s been unbelievable for that many years and come in and do it yourself, it does feel like Ed Woodward that to me. We’ll see it develop." 