Chelsea can inflict transfer 'pain' on Inter Milan by signing Cesare Casadei for as little as £12.5million (€15m), according to reports. Inter do not want to sell the teenage midfielder but may have to due to their financial situation. Chelsea have already boosted their ranks this summer with two exciting youngsters. Carney Chukwuemeka has signed from Aston Villa for £20m to follow the arrival of Omari Hutchinson from Arsenal. But they could add to their ranks with young Italian star Casadei. The 19-year-old has been linked with Chelsea for several weeks. Inter have reportedly wanted to insert a buyback clause in the deal, something Chelsea have not been keen on. But now Italian outlet Tuttosport claims Inter have softened their stance and are willing to sell without such a clause. Transfer news LIVE: Ten Hag 'unhappy', Chelsea's £300m plan, De Jong updates  A fee of up to £16.8m (€20m), but potentially as little as £12.5m, would be enough to convince the San Siro side to sell. The report says selling Casadei would be a 'very painful' choice for Inter. However, his departure is deemed necessary in order to help their finances. Inter do not want to sell any of their big assets and therefore would accommodate departures of youngsters such as Casadei and striker Andrea Pinamonti. If Chelsea were to make a satisfactory offer for Casadei, he could become their sixth signing of the summer. Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly were brought in before Chukwuemeka, and have been joined by Spanish defender Marc Cucurella and young goalkeeper Gabriel Slonina. Chelsea are now the biggest spenders in the Premier League this summer. The Blues have spent around £175m on new players and are not finished yet. DON'T MISSDe Jong ‘at loggerheads with agent’ as Chelsea match Man Utd bidChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener  Tuchel is in the market for a striker following Romelu Lukaku's return to Inter Milan on loan. Barcelona star and ex-Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been linked with a move. Arsenal legend Ray Parlour believes Aubameyang's proven goalscoring record would make him a good signing for the Blues. He told talkSPORT: “That could be a good move for Chelsea. "He’d certainly bang the goals in. A short-term contract, maybe one year, whether he would take that, I don’t know. “But we saw what he did at Arsenal when he was banging the goals in, so Chelsea, he’s a proven goalscorer and they need a centre-forward up front, so why not? If he’s available… Just don’t give him a contract where he’s on loads and loads of money!” 