Manchester United will reportedly be forced to wait until the end of August to try and sign Cody Gakpo with a small window of opportunity available to them. The Red Devils have been relatively quiet in regards to incomings this summer despite a host of players from the first-team squad leaving. Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Paul Pogba and Edinson Cavani are among several players to leave as free agents. The only signings Erik ten Hag has made are Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez. United are now moving frantically in the final few weeks of the transfer window to bolster their attacking options and Gakpo has emerged as a possible target. But any attempts to sign Gakpo will have to wait, according to Sky Sports' Melissa Reddy, who claims PSV have no interest in selling until later this month. She said on Sky Sports: "We know that PSV with their Champions League qualifying campaign, don't want to listen to any offers until they're certain of their position in the tournament. Had this been done at the start of the window, it would have been a different story, that wouldn't have been as critical."  PSV face off against Rangers in the final Champions League qualifying phase with the second leg not taking place until August 24. It means United may have to wait until the final few days of the transfer window to sign Gakpo. United will already have played three league games at that point and may need to look at alternatives if they're not prepared to wait. Red Bull Salzburg's highly-rated forward Benjamin Sesko had also been on United's radar. They've missed out on signing the 19-year-old with RB Leipzig swooping in to sign Sesko. But United may have a slight advantage in talks with PSV as Old Trafford icon Ruud van Nistelrooy is at the helm of the Dutch club.  Van Nistelrooy has been a huge influence on Gakpo's development at PSV having worked with the young forward in the club's academy before taking the job as head coach back in March earlier this year. Would just swap round and move this towards bottom as filler, have put a hyphen from where these lines were and to where I'd move them United's slow activity in the market has created a bad mood within the club's fanbase, stemming largely from their so-far unsuccessful battle to try and sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. Unpaid wages for the Dutchman are said to be a large reason for De Jong not wanting to leave while he also reportedly has no interest in moving to Old Trafford. All the while, United have Cristiano Ronaldo's future unresolved with the striker said to be actively shopping himself around in a bid to join a club playing Champions League football. Ten Hag was forced to use Eriksen as a false nine in United's opening Premier League game against Brighton at the weekend to ill effect. Ronaldo eventually came on early in the second half, but was still ineffective as Brighton frustrated United at Old Trafford. 