 Briton’s energy bills could near a staggering £3,000 this autumn as the energy price cap increases a further 24 percent from the 54 percent in April. The price cap was intended to be reviewed every six months, but while news comes that Ofgem has confirmed a new review every three months instead, bills are only expected to rise higher over the coming year.   The price hike came initially when demand increased after Covid restrictions eased and economies reopened, but this was only exacerbated when countries started to boycott Russian fuel in response to its illegal invasion of Ukraine, threatening supplies further. However, amongst soaring fuel costs, inflation rates, and NI tax increases, it comes as no surprise to see the nation desperately searching for quick fixes to lower household costs. But there are a few things you can do now to prepare and reduce costs in the long run, and here are five of them. READ MORE: Slash your energy bills in half with off-peak tariffs   If you haven’t already, a quick and fairly simple start to making your property more energy efficient and reducing bills is to install energy-saving Light Emitting Diode (LED) bulbs. Peter Munk, CEO of Willerby said: “LED bulbs last longer, are more durable and offer comparable or better light quality than other types of lighting. “Good quality LED bulbs use at least 75 percent less energy, and last 25 times longer than incandescent lighting.” Preserve water by installing a flow restrictor on your shower for as little as £30.   Mr Munk said: “A water-efficient shower head can reduce water use by up to 40 percent while lower flow taps could reduce your water use by nearly 70 percent.” The less water you use, the less energy you’ll need to heat it. While you’re here, it’s also worth checking and taking the time to fix any leaks or dripping taps, as water leakage can bear significant impact on bills over time. Use the economy function on appliances in your holiday home, such as dishwashers and washing machines. DON'T MISS: Britons to pay an extra £229 every month if inflation hits 11 percent [INSIGHT]Smart meter boost: Data traffic to rise five-fold [ANALYSIS]Energy price cap rise 'hammer blow to millions' of pensioners [EXPLAINED]   Mr Munk said: “Using eco-mode means using less water at a lower temperature than other settings.” Small fixes around the home can lead to significant savings in your energy bills, as well as reduce your home’s carbon footprint. Mr Munk said: “We advise good quality, well-lined curtains and blinds to keep the heat in and cold air out as well as covering any hardwood floors with cost-effective and stylish rugs that help to keep your home warm.” Opt for thermal blinds, which are designed to offer effective temperature control all year round.   Unbeatable Blinds experts said: “Aluminium coated blinds with honeycomb pockets are particularly good at regulating temperature as they trap air inside. “This creates a thermal barrier between the window and your home, reducing heat loss by up to 40 percent.” This one is key, but make sure to fit time controls to your boiler, old or new, to prevent energy wastage. Mr Munk said: “Timer controls will allow you to fully control and monitor your property’s energy usage, as well as help you cut the cost of your energy bills.” 