Just like Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, Warner Bros are planning some alternate reality mayhem in The Flash solo movie. Director Andy Muschietti’s blockbuster is rumoured to be in the comic vein of Back to the Future, with Michael Keaton reprising his Batman for the first time in 30 years. The Flash may be wrapped, but the film’s star Ezra Miller has been making headings following a series of arrests. Since then, the 29-year-old has been seeking help for mental health problems and said in a statement: “I want to apologize to everyone that I have alarmed and upset with my past behaviour.” According to The Hollywood Reporter’s sources, scrapping the entire movie was on the cards if things continued to develop for the actor. It’s reported that the DC star has since met with new Warner Bros film chairs Michael De Luca and Pamela Abdy to apologise and reaffirm a commitment to the $200 million blockbuster. Despite all the headlines surrounding Miller, the outlet’s insiders report that the mood at Warner Bros surrounding The Flash is hopeful. They said: “The movie was receiving some of the highest scores at test screenings since Christopher Nolan’s Batman movies and execs and creatives believe they have the goods to have a critical and box office hit that lives up to those scores.” READ MORE: Henry Cavill Superman and Ben Affleck Batman ‘safe and can return’ This is high praise indeed given just how successful and critically acclaimed The Dark Knight trilogy was. Since Christian Bale hung up the cape, the DC movies have been struggling to replicate such heights. Ben Affleck’s turns as Batman in the DCEU Justice League movies weren’t met with good reviews or amazing box office. However, both Joaquin Phoenix’s Joker and Robert Pattinson’s The Batman have proven otherwise. DON'T MISSThe Batman: When is Robert Pattinson Batman movie set in DC universe? [THE BATMAN]Henry Cavill Superman ‘returning for cameo in The Flash movie’ [SUPERMAN]Michael Keaton Batman returns after 30 years: FIRST LOOK in The Flash [MICHAEL KEATON] What’s encouraging is that The Flash, a character from the Justice League movie, appears to have a promising solo outing; one that may even surpass Wonder Woman and Aquaman by the sounds of things. And given that Affleck’s Bruce Wayne features, hopefully he will garner the praise his incarnation of the character truly deserves. The Flash is set for release in cinemas on June 23, 2023. SOURCE