Bernardo Silva is reportedly planning to view houses in Barcelona this week amid growing speculation that he could leave Manchester City. The Portuguese's prospective arrival at the Camp Nou would surely mean the final nail in the coffin for Frenkie de Jong, who has been heavily linked with Chelsea and Manchester United. Bernardo is a firm fan favourite at the Etihad and received a rousing reception when he emerged from the bench against Bournemouth on Saturday. Fans sang his name for what seemed like an eternity and he stuck around to show his gratitude after the final whistle. It wouldn't be a stretch to interpret it as a potential farewell moment with the player thought to be keen on joining up with Xavi in Catalonia. Barca are strapped for cash and have had trouble registering their raft of new summer signings, but could make room for the City star by auctioning off De Jong. Transfer expert Gerard Romero claims that Bernardo is scheduled to view houses in Barcelona this week as talks continue over a summer deal. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag agents left furious by Man Utd treatment as behind-scenes issues grow at club Negotiations with super-agent Jorge Mendes are ongoing with Barca thought to be readying a proposal, which may only be possible after cashing in on De Jong. Advancements in the Bernardo deal would surely suggest that the Dutchman's future is destined for either Man Utd or Chelsea, with both Premier League heavyweights in contention. The Red Devils agreed on a £72million fee weeks ago but the deal has been held up over De Jong's apparent desire to stay at the Camp Nou and £17m of deferred wages owed by Barca. Chelsea are reportedly prepared to match the financial proposal in an attempt to hijack the deal. READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Yeremy Pino transfer by Unai Emery - 'Will have to leave' Reports concerning the midfielder's preference have been conflicting with some suggesting that he has told team-mates a move to Old Trafford looks likely, while others claim that the lure of living in London and playing Champions League football will see the pendulum swing Chelsea's way. It may be a tough sell to convince the 25-year-old to join United after their hammering at the hands of Brentford on Saturday afternoon. Erik ten Hag, who worked with De Jong at Ajax, was left fuming on the touchline as four quickfire goals saw the Red Devils go into the break 4-0 down. Things improved in the second half but the Red Devils failed to get on the scoresheet.  The need for a press-resistant midfield general of De Jong's ilk was on full display in West London as Brentford pounced on United's inability to pass out from the back. After the game, Ten Hag admitted: "It's a surprise when you start the game like this; in 35 minutes conceding four goals. "It’s not possible. So, the team has to take responsibility. I feel really sorry for the fans. They give everything to support us and we let them down. Mistakes are part of football. So we have to keep going, play as a team and especially act."