As Russia vowed to halt natural gas supplies to Europe for three days at the end of the month via its main pipeline into the region, pressure is piling on the EU to find solutions to shortages and rising energy prices. The unscheduled maintenance on the Nord Stream 1 pipeline, which runs under the Baltic Sea to Germany, deepens an energy standoff between Moscow and Brussels which has already helped send inflation surging in the region and raised the risk of rationing and recession. Russian state energy giant Gazprom said the shutdown was because the pipeline's only remaining compressor requires maintenance. Gas flows via other pipeline routes also have fallen since Russia invaded Ukraine in February, which Moscow calls a "special military operation." The move will bring further disruption particularly for Germany, which depends largely on deliveries from Moscow to power its industry. The European Union has accused Russia of using energy as a weapon. Moscow has denied the charge and has blamed sanctions for the drop in exports. "We are monitoring the situation closely with the Federal Network Agency," a spokesperson for Germany's economy ministry said. The Biden administration did not immediate respond to requests for comment. The shutdown, to run from August 31-September 2, follows a 10-day maintenance curtailment in July, and raised fears over whether Russia would resume supplies, which have been reduced since mid-June. Ukraine's gas transmission system operator said it and the Polish gas pipeline system have the capacity to compensate for the Nord Stream halt, and allow Russian gas to reach Europe. Germany has had to give Uniper - its largest importer of Russian gas and the highest-profile corporate victim of Europe's energy crisis so far - a €15 billion bailout after Russia drastically cut flows, forcing it to buy gas elsewhere at much higher prices. The broader Germany economic impact was highlighted in producer price data on Friday, which in July saw their highest ever increases, both year-on-year and month-on-month, as energy costs skyrocket. In Belgium, energy prices are also reaching record highs. READ MORE: Another Russian base up in smoke after explosion – Putin reeling  An average household will pay €7,500 per year for its gas and electricity. Electricity in Europe is historically expensive as a result of record natural gas prices. The unavailability of several French nuclear power plants and low water levels, which lead to a drop in the production of hydroelectric plants, also contribute to the phenomenon. Last Tuesday, the European price of gas stood at more than €250 per MWh. According to specialist and University of Liège professor Damien Ernst, gas is "about 13 times more expensive than it was two years ago." "An average household will pay 7,500 euros/year for its gas and electricity," he said on his Twitter account. Currently, Belgian electricity producers export massively to France and Germany. DON'T MISS:Russia now 'on defence' as Ukraine puts Putin’ on back foot [VIDEO]Russian tank 'sent into space' by extraordinary Ukraine missile strike [INSIGHT]Brexit LIVE: Fury as BREXIT blamed for sewage scandal [LIVE BLOG] Mr Ernst added: "Households in Europe are suffocated by an excessively high electricity bill. "IT COULD EASILY BE REDUCED BY A FACTOR OF TWO. "It would suffice to make two very simple regulatory changes. "Changing day-ahead market rules across Europe following the Spanish and Portuguese strategy; "Suspend the ETS market for electricity generation. Of course, these two regulatory changes will make the electricity producers who take advantage of this situation less wealthy. But they are essential to protect households from poverty and many businesses from bankruptcy. "I will come to believe that the EU is protecting the over-profit situations of the electricity producers. "Tens of millions of households will be driven into poverty by this energy crisis caused by the EU's bad energy policy." Additional reporting by Maria Ortega