Pauley Perrette starred as forensic expert Abby Sciuto in NCIS for more than a decade and quickly won herself a legion of fans. So when she called it quits on the police procedural, curiosity grew about who actress Perrette was when she was away from the camera. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Pauley Perrette and her marital status. No, actress Pauley Perrette isn't currently married but she did previously tie the knot with Canadian musician and producer Francis "Coyote" Shivers in 2000. Just four years later, she filed for divorce with the proceedings finalised two years later. She got a permanent restraining order against her ex-husband, claiming to CBS on 48 Hours in 2018 that he never stopped stalking her. Perrette added to People magazine that restraining orders "can only do so much". Her marriage to Shivers didn't put Perrette off romance for good though as she went on to become engaged on two separate occasions. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold The ex-NCIS star was engaged to cameraman Michael Bosman in 2008 after four years of dating. However, their relationship wasn't to last as they split shortly after Bosman popped the question. She did go on to find love again with actor and former British Marine Thomas Arklie who proposed in 2011. At the time, Perrette vowed she wouldn't tie the knot for a very worthy cause. She tweeted that she and Arklie were not going to marry until the right to marry in California was legalised for everyone, whatever their sexual orientation. Perrette tweeted: "Me & #MyMarine are totally engaged now but will NOT GET MARRIED UNTIL #Prop8 is OVER!" (sic) Despite the law being passed in the US state in June 2014, the couple did not go on to marry. It is believed that Perrette and Arklie split up sometime in late 2016 or early 2017. DON'T MISS...Alex Scott slams stadiums who refused to host womens football [REACTION]Tony DiNozzo children: Who are NCIS’ DiNozzo’s children? [FAMILY]NCIS LA season 14 release date, cast, plot: When is NCIS LA back? [RELEASE DATE] Those who follow the 53-year-old actress would know that she is now more than happy with her single lifestyle. Back in 2019, Perrette stated that she would be embracing her life as a single woman with no desire to get married any time soon, if at all. She tweeted: "I decided to be celibate and single for life. Best decision I ever made. "Anyone else? I doubt it. No judgement. It is just healthy for me." Unfortunately for Perrette fans, the actress won't be appearing on screen any time soon. After leaving NCIS, she starred in the CBS sitcom Broke which was cancelled after just one season. In 2020, Perrette made the announcement that she would be officially retiring from acting. NCIS season 20 premieres on Monday, September 19, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.