In 2019, Prince Andrew sat down with Emily Maitlis to discuss his alleged involvement in the Virginia Giuffre scandal and his friendship with disgraced millionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Sam McAlister, the former producer on BBC's Newsnight, recently spoke to the Royally Us hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross and discussed how she, after knowing he was going to be telling the world details he had only said to the team in the "confines of the private room", was surprised that he didn't talk about a "regret" in his link with Jeffrey Epstein. Ms McAlister told Royally Us: [I was] sitting there hearing him repeat that on camera, I literally could not believe it. "Every answer you're like 'that's a headline', 'no no no, that's a headline'. "[The] ante just upped and upped and up and waiting for that apology, we're waiting for him to say he regrets his friendship and sitting there minute after minute, it never came." Speaking of the interview, she added that "I knew it might come, but I couldn't believe it would come. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event in New York - claim "[I was] sitting 15 feet behind him, watching his foot tapping, looking at the back of his head. "I'm in eye contact theoretically with my brilliant presenter Emily Maitlis but we're making no eye contact because this possibly is the interview of her career, as well as, you know, of mine." Ms McAlister described the interview as a "fire starter", adding that "the size of the fire got bigger and bigger as every terrible answer progressed" The interview was widely regarded as "disastrous". READ MORE: How Meghan and Harry were snubbed at Commonwealth event with Duke 'fighting back tears' Asked whether he regretted his connection to Epstein, Prince Andrew said he did not, adding that “the people that I met and the opportunities that I was given to learn either by him or because of him were actually very useful.” The Duke of York then added he and the convicted paedophile were "not that close." The intention of the interview was a chance for Andrew to answer the allegations that he had sex with Virginia Giuffre when she was underage – claims he has persistently denied. The same year that the interview took place, Epstein was charged with one count of sex trafficking of a minor and one court of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking. He pleaded not guilty and was later found dead in his prison cell. His death was ruled as a suicide. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [REPORT] 'Very painful time' Queen's mother 'left alone' to deal with loss [REVEAL] Queen warned Harry's mention of royals in book 'would be razor sharp' [INSIGHT] Following enormous amounts of public criticism, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from royal duties. The Queen granted her son permission to do so. In February 2022, it was confirmed that Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement to Virginia Giuffre and the civil case would not proceed to jury trial. The amount has never been disclosed, but it is suspected to amount to as much as £12 million. READ NEXT: 