The Premier League football season is set to kick off again on Friday night, with Crystal Palace hosting Arsenal at Selhurst Park, London from 8pm. A summer of transfers and upheaval throughout every club in the 20-team league makes this term's edition one of the most highly anticipated in Premier League history. The season's start comes less than a week after England's Lionesses became national heroes, clinching their first ever major international tournament win at Euro 2022. The Lionesses, roared on by a European Championship record final crowd, beat arch-rivals Germany 2-1 in extra time to complete a debut victory in the final. On hand was Prince William to hand out the winners and losers' medals on Sunday, with the royal all smiles as he met the heroic Lionesses. William will undoubtedly have one eye on the Premier League fixtures this weekend, particularly the encounter at Vitality Stadium, where his beloved Aston Villa take on Bournemouth. Villa, led by ex-Liverpool player and former Glasgow Rangers gaffer Steven Gerrard, are some tips for a tilt at breaking into the top table of English football, given the talent in their squad. The Duke of Cambridge has previously spoken about his affection for Villa, who have won the European Cup once in their illustrious history, once chatting to former Villa player Peter Crouch, the iconic striker having spent two seasons with the Midlands side between 2002 and 2004. The footballer and William spoke at length on the former player's That Peter Crouch Podcast in 2021, with the Duke recalling his first match. He said in 2020 the first game he witnessed was an FA Cup clash between Villa and Bolton when he was 11 years old. The royal continued: "I sat there among all the Villa fans and I loved it and thought the atmosphere was great. JUST IN: Kate and William extend major olive branch to Harry and Meghan "I felt a real connection with the club and I felt Villa was a very proud Midlands club and it felt very special." In 2015, William again detailed his first time following football, detailing his enjoyment with BBC presenter Gary Lineker. The 40-year-old said: "A long time ago at school I got into football big time. I was looking around for clubs. All my friends at school were either Man United fans or Chelsea fans and I didn’t want to follow the run-of-the-mill teams. “I wanted to have a team that was more mid-table that could give me more emotional rollercoaster moments. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton & Prince William's favourite airport food costs £3,300 [ANALYSIS]Prince William delights daughter Charlotte with VERY special treat [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry in shock speech [BLOG] "Aston Villa’s always had a great history. I have got friends of mine who support Aston Villa and one of the first FA Cup games I went to was Bolton v Aston Villa back in 2000. Sadly, Villa went on to lose to Chelsea. “It was fantastic, I sat with all the fans with my red beanie on, and I was sat with all the Brummie fans and had a great time. “It was the atmosphere, the camaraderie and I really felt that there was something I could connect with.” William's frustration with Chelsea would continue across the years, and he revealed on 2019's BBC Christmas special, A Berry Royal Christmas, his son George actually supported the West Londoners. He said: "George has already written his list for Father Christmas. He loves his drawing, he's a very good drawer.' "We might give him something to do with drawing or football. He's loving his football as well." The Duke was then asked whether George loved football because of him, he replied: "I try not to be too biased, I said you can support anyone but Chelsea, so naturally he supports Chelsea." William also discussed how George's love of Chelsea came about, and his own concerns with the London side. He told That Peter Crouch Podcast he was "trying not to persuade him to be a Villa fan" but was actually "letting him choose his own way". He added: “It’s about finding what fits for him. “Previously I was a bit concerned about him supporting Chelsea, but now Frank [Lampard]’s come in I feel the culture’s a bit different at Chelsea and I’d be okay with it."