Your suspicion of a senior colleague’s motives for criticising your work should be kept to yourself for the time being. It might help to discuss any concerns you have with someone who is not involved in the situation. They will be able to give objective advice so you can achieve a new perspective. Talks within the family and workplace will allow you to relax and get rid of some of the burdens that have been accumulating on your shoulders recently. Loved ones will respond to you emotionally and in a way that makes you feel safe and secure. You and a partner have a fantastic future ahead, but for you both to enjoy it, you need to face up to issues that linger from the past. Be ready and willing to discuss old hang-ups, as this is what it takes for you to be able to move on.  There’s a sense of freedom as you start looking into new opportunities and options. You’ve been so focused on one area for so long that you haven’t realised how much this was starting to restrict you. Now the end of this project is in sight; you will be excited to start on something new. Secret dealings going on behind the scenes fill you with excitement. If this is work-related, negotiations need to be kept confidential to prevent rivals from getting interested. If it is a relationship you are hiding from others and you already have a partner, have you stopped to consider the consequences? Colleagues seem to have forgotten they have work to do. Your aim is to focus on an approaching deadline. It surprises you how some people can ignore their responsibilities. At least if you slip away to get on in the background, no one will seem to notice your disappearance.  Social events will bring you a lot of happiness. Finances will cause contention in a close relationship. If you’re hoping to avoid arguments in the family, it would be better to leave subjects like buying and selling well and truly alone. There are a number of options for the future, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to make up your mind on what you really want to do. You really need to make a definite decision, or you could miss out on some great opportunities. If by this evening you still feel uncertain, make your choice on a toss of a coin. If presented with a difficult challenge, you will feel you can move mountains. This will also be a good time to write articles, blogs or letters. Group discussions are lively, and you will be encouraged to share your thoughts. Just make certain no one else takes the credit for them.  Career affairs seem to be radically changing. Senior colleagues are ready to embark on a new venture. Someone will be introducing new methods into your work, and although you might feel this is all too much too soon, keep your thoughts to yourself. They will work well, eventually. You’re making it a priority to concentrate on your closest relationships. If you’re at the start of a new romance, your hope is that you will be together forever. If you are in a committed relationship, your aim will be to do all you can to please your partner. Give more thought to a request recently put to you to help out with a fundraising or volunteer exercise. Even if this has something to do with events being arranged for later in the year, an answer needs to be given. Do you have time to devote to a needy cause? 