 As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, Britons are looking to make savings wherever they can. One way they can save a little bit of cash is to get a TV Licence refund. In the UK, a TV license is needed to watch any programme that is being broadcast or streamed live on any channel. People also need one if they use BBC iPlayer.     People will need a TV Licence if they watch live TV on a television, computer, tablet, games console, smartphone or any other device. Britons do not need a licence for “on-demand” streaming services such as Netflix or Amazon Prime. Although with Amazon Prime, if a person watches live sports or pays extra for its live add-on Prime Video Channels, they will need to pay the fee. Currently, the cost of the television licence comes to £159 per household and it covers every device in the home.  READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out     This is paid to TV licensing, which is the organisation that is responsible for the administration of the licence fee. If a person has paid for a TV Licence and no longer want/need it, they can apply for a refund if they will not need it again before its expiration date. The TV License website states: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.” In order to do this, Britons will need to have at least one month remaining on their current TV license plan.   People can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date they no longer need the TV Licence. People will also be able to apply to be reimbursed if a license has expired less than two years ago. As part of the refund application, applicants should include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode and applicants must also include the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. Those applying for the refund will not need to calculate how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments     Tv License will work it out by “looking carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.” The body bases its refund calculations on when the licence was issued, its expiry date, and when they can show they don’t need it. It then states that it “aims to process and issue the refund within 21 days of receiving the application.” Although the BBC is responsible for managing the licence fee, the Government sets any deals, concessions or discounts.     There are three main groups of people who could be entitled to a reduction on their TV licence. People who are “legally blind” are offered a 50 percent discount on their Licence Fee. This is called the blind licence and people who are eligible will get a refund of £79.50. Residents in care homes that have Accommodation for Residential Care (ARC) schemes only have to pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while those over 75 years in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. Britons over the age of 75 years and who claim Pension Credit also don’t have to pay for a licence.   