Best known as the host of Match of the Day since 1999, Gary Lineker has become a fixture of our screens after a prolific footballing career playing for the likes of Everton, Barcelona and Tottenham. With a net worth of $35million (around £29.5million), it is unsurprising that the British icon can live just about anywhere he pleases. So what was his life like when he lived in Surrey? Though he grew up in Leicester, Lineker and second wife Danielle Bux previously purchased a property just outside Esher, which boasted six bedrooms and five bathrooms. With the house just half a mile from the town there was plenty of opportunity to get stuck into Elmbridge life and in 2011 he revealed to SurreyLive what he liked most about his life there. When it comes to food his pick for a Sunday lunch was the Prince of Wales pub, although he also mentioned he liked visiting the High Street for breakfast. Speaking over 10 years ago he explained why he decided to move away from London and set up in the county. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly’s quiet life in Buckinghamshire at her riverside home The presenter, who had earned £1.35million from the BBC last year, said: “Surrey is pretty perfect, after all, wasn’t it recently voted the most desirable county in the UK? That says it all right? “It just came at a time when I moved away from my previous life and was looking for somewhere that wasn’t too great a distance from the boys or from London. “Esher seemed to fit the bill perfectly. We just stumbled upon it and fell in love immediately. “It’s a stunning part of not just the UK, but the world – gorgeous, lush countryside and picturesque little towns and villages with character, all of their own that you don’t find anywhere else.” DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]‘Excellent homemade traps’ to get rid of ants and flies in your home [TIPS]Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 [INSIGHT] While Gary subsequently split with Danielle in 2016 and purchased a house in Barnes, just over the border from Surrey in South West London, he still owns a property in Surrey although it is not known if this is the Esher property he purchased. Esher is a town in the Surrey borough of Elmbridge in South East England near the River Mole. It is a very prosperous area, largely suburban in character, and is situated only 14 miles south west of Charing Cross, London. The village is best known for frequently topping the list as the most expensive place to live in the UK. Properties in Esher had an overall average house price of £1,089,691 over the last year, according to Rightmove. READ MORE: Joanna Lumley’s quiet life with husband in lavish London home The majority of sales in Esher during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £1,545,376. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £909,510, with flats fetching £447,589. Overall, sold prices in Esher over the last year were 17 percent up on the previous year and 20 percent up on the 2017 peak of £907,550. The town currently has a population of around 8,300 inhabitants and has retained its small village atmosphere with pretty cottages and the Tudor church overlooking the village green. Most houses are large family homes surrounded by established private gardens - they are owned by wealthy celebrities and businessmen who commute into the city. The High Street has many historic buildings including The Bear public house. It was built in the early 19th century  to cater to the coaches which ran from London to Portsmouth. The street is lined with cafes and upmarket restaurants catering to the many visitors the village attracts. The old Parish Church of St George was built in 1540 and was the regular place of worship for Queen Victoria when she stayed at Claremont. The church was no longer used as a place of worship after Christ Church was built in 1854. The old building is now used as a venue for music concerts and occasional special services. Esher Commons is an area of special scientific interest with heath, woods and ponds. It is an unspoilt area for walking, horse riding, bird watching and other outdoor activities.