Jenni Falconer has described the “burning” sensation she feels in her fingers when she has an attack of Raynaud’s disease. The radio presenter, 46, compared the feeling to pins and needles in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. Raynaud’s is a condition which affects blood circulation, and causes some areas of the body to feel cold, sore or numb, or change colour. “It's not even painful when it freezes, it’s painful when it defrosts,” she said. “That's the best way to describe that, when the blood goes back into your fingers. That's when it's painful. It's like, like pins and needles, but really burning as well.” The mum-of-one added: “It doesn't stop me doing anything, because I just get on with it, there's no point having it limit what you do. “A lot of people who have it quite severely, they can't do anything, but I went skiing for the first time in maybe 20 years this Easter just gone by. “I was really anxious about it, because I thought if my fingers freeze up, there's going to be a rush. “But actually all that you do is you take precautions, you wear layers. “You just feel stupid, you don't not wear gloves when you're out skiing, and actually it was absolutely fine. “But you do have to be aware that if you take your gloves off in the middle of the slope, your hands are going to freeze up and it's going to be annoying.” Jenni continued: “Whenever I put a post up on my social media about it, I am inundated. There are thousands upon thousands of people in this country that have it and many don't even know what it is. “It's just something that affects a lot of people, it's just lack of circulation in your extremities and your fingers. Some people get it in their toes. “And basically the key is stay warm. Keep your fingers wrapped up. Wear decent gloves.” Jenni also discussed her collagen supplement Kollo, which she says helps women with menopause and perimenopause symptoms, as well as assisting men with their immune system and hair. A keen runner, she originally created the product to support joints, bones and cartilage and help recovery after exercise. “But also it's been proven to help your skin and your hair and nails and your joints,” she explained. “It's been really popular, especially with women going through menopause or perimenopause symptoms, it’s quite extraordinary actually. “And then on the flip side, there are men that are taking it to support their exercise and help themselves after exercise, to help thicken their hair and also make sure that their immune system is in great condition. “So from a health point of view I am really proud to own a brand that is helping people in so many ways.” Jenni is running the marathon in October, so is training hard - but she loves going on a daily run anyway and values the friendships she has made through the exercise. “When you meet another runner, you can just chat about it till the cows come home, you feel like you're part of this little club,” she gushed.