Paris Saint-Germain will reportedly pursue Marcus Rashford this month in an attempt to sign the Manchester United forward before the summer transfer window shuts at the start of September. Rashford endured a miserable campaign last time around and couldn’t even command a regular starting place under Ralf Rangnick as the Red Devils whimpered to a sixth-place Premier League finish. Rashford is in the final year of his contract at Old Trafford and has been tipped to leave the club following his well-publicised struggles on the pitch. And, according to The Times, PSG are preparing to offer United a transfer fee and hand the player a long-term contract, with the aim of completing a deal this month. The Ligue 1 champions have chosen to formally pursue the England international after they held positive discussions with him. And he could be trusted to partner Kylian Mbappe up front as the French giants go in search of Champions League success. Rashford burst onto the scene at Old Trafford when he scored a brace on his debut back in February 2016. The forward was a late replacement for Anthony Martial, who was injured in the warm-up, as the Red Devils thrashed Danish side FC Midtjylland 5-1 in the Europa League. And he then notched another double three days later as United defeated Arsenal 3-2 in the Premier League. MUST READ: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint    The talented ace has gone on to rack-up nearly 100 goals for the Red Devils in over 300 appearances but cut a frustrated figure throughout the last campaign as his team flattered to deceive time and time again. And he may now feel the urge to embark on a new challenge. PSG appointed former Nice manager Christophe Galtier as their new boss last month after sacking Mauricio Pochettino. And the club have already shelled out mega-money to sign midfield duo Vitinha and Renato Sanches, left-back Nuno Mendes and right-back Nordi Mukiele, as well as bringing Hugo Ekitike in on loan. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends warning over 'foolish' transfers West Ham fail to hijack deal for Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Arsenal boss Arteta sends Aubameyang message over Chelsea rumours   The Parisians got their new Ligue 1 campaign off to a winning start last weekend as they thumped Clermont Foot 5-0. But domestic success alone is unlikely to be viewed as a success for Galtier. PSG’s owners are desperate for Champions League glory, having built one of the most formidable teams in world football. The side reached the final of the competition in 2020 before succumbing to Bayern Munich but were knocked out by Real Madrid in the last 16 last season. Rashford has scored 12 times in 29 Champions League appearances for the Red Devils. And if PSG can get their hands on the star, his experience in Europe’s most prestigious club competition could prove to be invaluable for Galtier as the Parisians look to get their hands on the trophy for the first time in their history.   