Vitamin and mineral supplements have experienced a huge boom in popularity in the last century. While the popular demand keeps rising, science keeps revealing more about the dietary products. And one research claims they might cause “more harm than good”. Although some supplements like vitamin D in the winter might be non-negotiable, others might be actually taxing on your health. At least that’s the finding of researchers from the University of Colorado Cancer that linked beta carotene and folic acid to an increased cancer risk. Their research, published in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute, found that taking the small tablets and pills in excess of the recommended daily amount could be taxing on your health. One of the researchers Tim Byers said: “We are not sure why this is happening at the molecular level but evidence shows that people who take more dietary supplements than needed tend to have a higher risk of developing cancer.” READ MORE: The black berry that could help you reverse high cholesterol in weeks ‘without treatment' Ironically, the researchers set out to investigate supplements to show that extra vitamins and minerals could cut cancer risk. Instead, they found that beta carotene raises the risk of lung cancer by up to 20 percent. Characterised by its orange pigment, beta carotene is found in various plants and fruits. This pigment is eventually converted into vitamin A in your body.  The supplement version of this pigment promises to give your immunity a helping hand while also keeping your skin healthy. Another supplement singled out by the research as problematic was folic acid. The researchers assumed that folic acid would help reduce the number of polyps in a colon but the supplement actually ended up increasing their number. The research team came to these conclusions by reviewing various trials that involved thousands of patients. READ MORE: Taking two vitamin supplements together found to increase cancer risk by almost 30% - BMJ Taking place over two decades, the study discovered that taking more than the recommended amount of these products can increase the risk of developing lung cancer. Byers added: “We found that the supplements were actually not beneficial for health. “In fact, some people actually got more cancer while on the vitamins. “At the end of the day we have discovered that taking extra vitamins and minerals do more harm than good.” Furthermore, cancer wasn’t the only outcome of large doses of beta carotene as the research also found the product to raise the risk of heart disease. Despite the negative effects linked to high doses of these two products, Byers said the study shouldn’t put people off supplements altogether. He added: “This is not to say that people need to be afraid of taking vitamins and minerals. “If taken at the correct dosage, multivitamins can be good for you. But there is no substitute for good, nutritional food.”