Arsenal have been told that their pursuit of Leicester star Youri Tielemans “should get done” as Mikel Arteta searches for an answer to his midfield issues ahead of transfer deadline day. Injuries to Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny have forced the Gunners to act in the transfer window and accelerate plans to sign another midfield option. Arteta’s side have been linked with Tielemans all summer but have prioritised other areas, bringing in Gabriel Jesus, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and Marquinhos, but former Gunners striker Kevin Campbell believes they will now move for Tielemans. “I think Arsenal have to do some business there,” Campbell told Football Insider. “It’s been going on all summer with Tielemans, and I think now Arsenal are quite depleted with the injuries – it’s something they should get done. He fits into that midfield and this side really well – he’s a top-quality player.” Tielemans is available for a cut-price £25million as the Belgian has just one year left on his contract at the King Power Stadium, and despite Leicester selling defender Wesley Fofana to Chelsea for £70m on Wednesday they do still have financial issues at the club, according to Brendan Rodgers. JUST IN: Man Utd's seventh transfer in jeopardy as Ten Hag target 'opens talks' “There have been discussions but it is certainly not going to be the whole fee [from Fofana's sale],” Rodgers said at a press conference. “I think there's part of that with Saint-Etienne as well, plus the situation that the club is in. [But] there will be some resources to be able to do some business. “This summer has been really unfortunate for myself. I might not benefit from this year but going forward the club will, because the club is the most important. I trust the club when they say we can't spend and bring in players, it's obviously for the greater good of Leicester City and the model, and the sustainability of it.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes With Leicester struggling financially they may not want to lose Tielemans on a free transfer next summer if they do rebuff any advances in the final days of the transfer window, and Arteta has admitted he is hoping for more signings this summer. "We will try till the end,” Arteta said after the win over Bournemouth earlier this month. “The transfer window is tricky at the moment, we will try to do something else but let’s see what we can do." Partey missed the Gunners’ win over Fulham with a thigh injury that could see him miss several weeks, while the deputising Elneny injured his hamstring in the game and Albert Sambi Lokonga could be drafted into the midfield alongside Granit Xhaka and captain Martin Odegaard for Wednesday's visit of Aston Villa. However the Belgian 22-year-old was linked with a loan move away from the club earlier this summer, and Arteta may want another midfield signing such as Tielemans before the window closes to bolster his options in the middle of the park if Partey and Elneny are facing extended periods out with injuries.