At the end of the purchase process pensioner Irene Griffith found instead of the £35 she had been expecting to pay, a whopping £272 had been deducted from her debit card. Irene then found cancelling “impossible” and claims that when she immediately contacted the seller, which at the time appeared to be Organixx-cbd.com, it told her she could not. This company has no relation to another reputable health retailer Organixx.com as we later discovered. “The explanation for refusing me cancellation was because the purchase was already in the system and I needed to return the drops and get a refund that way,” explained Irene. ++ If you've been affected by this issue or feel you've been a victim of injustice, please contact consumer champion Maisha Frost on maisha.frost@express.co.uk ++; Irene is typical of a growing market of customers, many of them older, going online to source health products to help with chronic conditions. Five weeks later after her payment she says she was told the order had got lost in the post and she needed to resend her details for it to be sent again. “I replied I wanted a refund and kept sending emails but I never heard back,” Irene told Crusader. Her struggles continued when her attempts to chargeback the amount through her bank at the time NatWest failed. Now with another provider there were further twists to come making Irene’s predicament even more complicated.  Crusader took up her cause, first tackling Organixx-cbd.com which appeared to be based in the US. Under UK Consumer Contracts Regulations, online customers’ rights to cancel an order start from when they place it and only end 14 days after delivery. Companies must also give customers clear means to cancel. Crusader sent several emails to addresses for Organixx-cbd with no response. One of them, through which Irene was previously contacted, bounced back. When we contacted separate US retailer Organixx.com its support team proved very keen to help, saying it was in no way affiliated and had also had concerned customers asking for its help. An Organixx spokesperson added: “We are actively investigating the matter to find a resolution to the company name issue as quickly as we can.” A few months after Irene lost out she also switched banks. However once we explained what had happened, her previous provider NatWest came up trumps. As a goodwill gesture it has refunded her the full amount denied her and added a further £50. Irene is both relieved and delighted. 