Lewis Hamilton has been blasted by an ex-F1 driver who compared the seven-time champion to a “defeated Pokémon trainer”. Former Caterham driver Giedo van der Garde also likened Hamilton’s Mercedes to a “knocked out creature”. The Mercedes star was forced out of the Belgian Grand Prix after contact with Fernando Alonso on the opening lap. It comes after van der Garde posted an image of Hamilton standing next to his stricken Mercedes. Alongside the image, the Dutch star posted: “Why does this look like a defeated Pokémon trainer with his knocked out creature in front of him.” The social media post was slammed by F1 fans with many questioning van der Garde’s own F1 record. It was also the Dutch driver’s third Hamilton-related tweet in a matter of hours as he launched a tirade on the Mercedes star. He compared an image of Hamilton walking away from his Spa accident to one of Kimi Raikkonen stricken for Ferrari in the Bahrain desert in 2017. READ MORE: Fernando Alonso caught making taunting gesture to Lewis Hamilton He added the caption: “I call this shot ‘The End of a Legendary era is near’. He then posted: “Giedo, big words but where would you end up if you and Hamilton would race each other?” The ex-Caterham driver then posted a picture of himself in the Viaplay studio holding up two fingers, indicating he feels Hamilton would finish in P2. Hamilton and Alonso made contact after the Mercedes driver attempted to secure second place on the opening lap. He swept around the outside of Les Combes corner but misjudged his corner entry and hit the Alpine. The contact launched the Briton into the air, damaging his car which forced him out. Hamilton attempted to continue but could only make it around half a lap before race engineer Peter Bonnington demanded he stop. DON'T MISSFernando Alonso made to look silly over Lewis Hamilton radio rant [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton bites back at Alonso over Belgian GP radio rant [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen's four-word reaction to replay of Lewis Hamilton crash [COMMENT] It was Hamilton’s first retirement of the season and brought any chance of fighting for a podium to an end. Alonso branded Hamilton an “idiot” after the crash and claimed he could only drive when starting from the front. Hamilton shouldered the blame for the accident after the race and reacted to Alonso’s remark. He said: “Looking back at my footage, he was in my blind spot. I didn't leave him enough space. It's my fault today. Just so sorry to the team. “It doesn't really matter he said that. I don't really care. It was my fault. I couldn't see him actually. He was right in my blind spot. Just recuperate, get back on the treadmill."