Thrilling drama The Capture has returned for a second season on BBC One, and detective Rachel Carey (played by Holliday Grainger) has yet another high-stakes cyber crime on her hands. This time around, rising star MP Isaac Turner (Paapa Essiedu) has had his career hijacked by a convincing deepfake, and the show’s guest lead has revealed more insight into how their relationship plays out in the coming episodes. Episode one of the new season of The Capture concludes with the jaw-dropping reveal of a fake interview of Isaac endorsing Chinese AI facial recognition technology. His entire career could be about to blow up in his face if the truth is uncovered, and only Rachel, Correction’s newest recruit, could be in the position to put a stop to the scheme. At the series premiere in London, Paapa promised more scenes of Rachel and Isaac together after their brief encounter in the first episode’s final minutes. “Me and Holliday were lucky to have quite a lot of stuff together,” he confirmed. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family “I can’t really go into too much into how much their relationship develops. “But they definitely both have a lot to gain and a lot to lose through the rest of the series.” At the start of the second season viewers learn Isaac has a happy family life with a wife and two children, one of whom crashes an important morning interview with the BBC. Thankfully, his son’s impromptu TV appearance only helps to raise his popularity - that is, until his endorsement of AI surveillance technology threatens to put the whole country at risk. Meanwhile, Rachel is tasked with investigating the mysterious assassination of a foreign national by an invisible assassin who somehow doesn’t appear on CCTV footage. Both cases seem to be connected somehow, and it’s up to the Correction agent and her new political ally to uncover another vast conspiracy. Paapa teased: “They both have a go at seeing how their opposite number can be useful to each other.” The guest star is keeping spoilers close to his chest, so there may well be some surprising developments between the reluctant allies as the series goes on. DON'T MISS:SEAL Team season 6 theory: Clay Spenser’s exit ‘sealed’ by trailer [VIDEO]NCIS LA season 14: Crew member delivers explosive filming update [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes blasts BBC’s ‘unreasonable’ Strictly regulations [COMMENT] Could Isaac’s family life not be so happy after all, leading to a covert affair with Rachel during their mission? Or will they find their ideologies are completely at odds with each other and end up betraying each other by the end of the series? Whatever the case, Isaac will be looking over his shoulder throughout the coming weeks after finding himself at the centre of a technological takeover. “I found this process hugely educational and hugely eye-opening about the amount of data that is taken of us every single day from all different kinds of means,” Paapa recalled. “You can talk about CCTV, you can talk about smartphones or whatever, but there’s a hundred different other things that are monitoring things that we have done. “So I try to be as aware of that as possible in a way that hopefully doesn’t overwhelm me too much on a day-to-day [basis]. “But, yeah, it’s much better to have your eyes open than your eyes closed.” The I May Destroy You and The Lazarus Project star has certainly learned a lot from his latest role, but it’s up to viewers to determine if the latest season of The Capture is just as timely and poignant as its 2019 debut. The Capture season 2 continues Sundays on BBC One.