What is it about humans dancing that can inspire such judgment and hostility? Boris Johnson throwing shapes at his own wedding reception went viral, with "ludicrous dad-dancing" among the kinder comments. Michael Gove was ridiculed for gavotting in an Aberdeen nightclub. I admit I laughed at Theresa May's conference shuffle. But she had the right to do it. If the rest of us are allowed to dance, why can't politicians and police? Actually, I'm going to shoot my own fox here. Well, one of them. I happen to agree with those who questioned why Lincoln officers weren't out fighting crime rather than performing a group synchronised version of the Macarena at the city's Pride festival. It wasn't whether or not they looked ridiculous (which they did) - it's a question of authority. Some Chief Constables seem to have got it into their heads that we have to actually like their officers; even feel a kind of fuzzy warmth towards them. Lincolnshire's Chief Constable Chris Haward certainly does: he unapologetically said he expected his officers to "engage" with festival-goers, and even dance with them. Haward and those like him are completely wrong. Police aren't there to be liked. They're there to tell us off or arrest us when necessary, and generally assert themselves over us when required. I'm not saying we should be scared of the police. But we should certainly be wary of them. They are, if you like, society's officially sanctioned extended baton. It should be hard and uncompromising, not made out of foam rubber. I've left it pretty much to the proud grandmother (and they don't come much prouder than Judy at the moment) to celebrate Chloe's gift to our family. And as Judy reveals here, the delivery was not without drama. But I wondered: how did mothers in previous centuries survive caesareans without anaesthetic or scrupulously sterile procedures? Surely they must have died from shock or some type of ghastly infections? Dr Rachel Gillibrand, a historian of pre-modern health at the University of Leeds, has some surprising answers. In a serendipitous (to me, anyway) article this week, she confirmed that caesareans WERE performed many hundreds of years ago, but ONLY on pregnant women who had just died. Why? So that the foetus/baby could be instantly baptised before it, too, passed away. It was universally believed that if a child died before baptism, God would automatically bar it from heaven and cast the tiny soul into limbo, the first circle of hell. Dr Gillibrand says it wasn't until the 19th century that caesareans offered reasonable hope for the survival of mother and child. Good job our Chloe was born in the 20th one, then. Could Concorde actually fly again? Well, not the Anglo-French supersonic passenger plane, but a 21st century version. It's called Overture, an 80-seat needle-nosed "green" superjet that could fly from London to New York in just three-and-a-half hours, burning sustainable aviation fuel produced from carbon-absorbing plants and waste. I never flew on Concorde so I'm very excited - and so are American Airlines; it has already ordered 20 Overtures at $200million a pop. It's expected to enter service in 2029. Tickets will be much cheaper than Concorde's eyewatering fares. I'll be 73 when it starts to fly. This pensioner will be among the first at check-in.