The next instalment of Yellowstone will feature four additional episodes compared to previous seasons, leaving plenty of room for even more twists, turns and shocking revelations. A recent Instagram post from Ian Bohen has also teased more musical moments as he hung out with country singer Lainey Wilson ahead of her first stint on the Paramount Network drama. Ian posted a sweet snap of himself and Lainey in his latest social media update. Both actors beamed at the camera while Ian rested his head on his co-star’s shoulder in the black-and-white photo. He captioned the post: “This girls got a Heart Like a Truck and we can’t wait to have her back.” (sic) His touching tribute made reference to Lainey’s recent single Heart Like A Truck, which will be included in her forthcoming next album. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood warns North-South divide as South struggles for water It may also imply her part in the series has already been filmed, and potentially leaves the door open for her return in season six. Lainey was cast alongside a number of newcomers for Yellowstone’s fifth season as a musician named Abby. She’ll join new supporting stars Kai Caster, Lilli Kay and Dawn Olivieri in the biggest shake-up to the cast yet. The country star will undoubtedly make the next outing for the Dutton family a lot more musical when she shows off her vocal talents and guitar expertise. Upon seeing Ian’s post, a number of his colleagues wrote excited comments in anticipation of Lainey’s debut on the series. Laramie star Hassie Harrison replied: “Omgggggggg stop with all this cuteness!!!” Yellowstone’s official photographer Emerson Miller wrote: “I love us.” Ian’s acting friend Katee Sackhoff exclaimed: “I love Lainey’s music!!!!” DON'T MISS:P-Valley fans ‘blown away’ by Megan Thee Stallion appearance [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan ‘ruled out’ as next Bond [ANALYSIS]BBC Breakfast host has head in hands over Mike Bushell blunder [VIDEO] And Lainey herself replied to her new co-star: “Love my Yellowstone fam.” Several fans also took to the comments to show their appreciation for Yellowstone’s new supporting star. @stocktoncathy7 replied: “Can't wait to see her and what role she will be playing.” And @tasha_anderson78 said: “It's about time Ryan gets a girl on the show. I'm here for this!” Abby’s role in the events of next season is yet to be divulged, though her music could provide a welcome break from the brutal action which frequently befalls the Dutton ranch. She could also strike up a strong friendship or even a romance with Ian’s wrangler character Ryan if their shared Instagram post is any indication. Considering the success rate of other bunkhouse romances, however, Ryan and Amy should tread carefully if they want the approval of John Dutton (Kevin Costner) and Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser). Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.