Sam Heughan isn’t just an actor, he’s a businessman with a drinks company. In a video shared on his social media, the Jamie Fraser star explained he is preparing to launch another drink with Sassenach Spirits. The Outlander actor couldn’t contain his excitement as he told fans a gin would be arriving in 2023. Sam began: “Guys, I’m here in America, in Santa Monica and I’m tasting lots of little bottles of gin to make the finest gin and tonic. “We are creating the Sassenach Gin, I can’t wait to share it with you. “We are using all of the finest botanicals in Scotland, it’s going to work really well as a gin and tonic or as a Martini, which I’m a big fan of. “We’re going to share it with you guys next Summer, I can’t wait.” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected Panning the camera across all of the samples, he added: “Obviously I just have to finish off all these little bottles of goodness first. So, cheers! I better start drinking.” Sam’s drinks company already has a whisky and tequila but fans are excited to taste the latest addition. Commenting on his announcement, Johnj Hales wrote: “Slam dunk or should I say Sam dunk.. he shoots, he scores.. Whisky, Tequila & now Gin!!! Hats off. Look forward to trying that.” “Oohh yeah!!!! I love Gin !!!I am curious about that !!!!” Sandra Barth tweeted. Fan Lorraine shared: “Ooohhhh…interesting. I’m a big fan of whisky & tequila, but I don’t have much experience with gin. My first sample didn’t go over well, however I was told it was a very unique one. “Of course, I’ll give it a go for you, Sam, but this may be a one and done! Make me a believer!!” Some fans were confused however, with Lorrie Reynolds asking: “If it's the finest Scottish Gin, why are you tasting it in America. Why not produce in Scotland. Confused by this a little.” It’s not the first big news regarding Sam’s career as earlier in the week it was reported he would feature in Days Gone. DON'T MISS...Outlander explained: Why did Dougal try to marry Claire? [INSIGHT]Outlander explained: Why did Black Jack really torture Jamie? [EXPLAINER]Lauren Lyle height: How tall is Outlander Marsali Fraser star? [LATEST] Fan Lorraine shared: “Ooohhhh…interesting. I’m a big fan of whisky & tequila, but I don’t have much experience with gin. My first sample didn’t go over well, however I was told it was a very unique one. “Of course, I’ll give it a go for you, Sam, but this may be a one and done! Make me a believer!!” Some fans were confused however, with Lorrie Reynolds asking: “If it's the finest Scottish Gin, why are you tasting it in America. Why not produce in Scotland. Confused by this a little.” It’s not the first big news regarding Sam’s career as earlier in the week it was reported he would feature in Days Gone. Sam has yet to confirm any involvement in the project, which could be due to his commitment to Outlander. The Starz series is yet to be confirmed for an eighth series with season seven currently being filmed. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz and StarzPlay now.