Erling Haaland is up and running in the Premier League and Liverpool may need to be wary of just how lethal the Norwegian can truly be judging from his display in the first half for Manchester City against West Ham. Liverpool managed to stifle the threat of Haaland in the Community Shield last week, although the striker still had a number of guilt-edge changes he would have put away on other days. He's likely to be crucial in City's bid to win a third successive Premier League title and, despite Liverpool's surprise draw with Fulham, Jurgen Klopp's side are once again expected to push their rivals all the way. Still, there were going to be some question marks on how quickly Haaland would settle into the Premier League with a much bigger challenge than he faced at Borussia Dortmund on a weekly basis. Any questions were quickly answered midway through the first half though as Ilkay Gundogan picked out the striker who raced into the box before being brought down by Alphonse Areola. Such is the 22-year-old's confidence, he immediately picked up the ball to indicate that he would be taking the spot-kick. And there was never any doubt as he sent Areola the wrong way, drilling his effort into the bottom corner for his first City goal. Before that, Haaland had barely had a sniff with City trying to work out how to feed their new No 9.   Incredibly, Haaland ended up having just 16 touches in the entire first half - fewer than any other outfield player on the pitch coming into the break. But his goal, and particularly the manner in which he won the penalty, in the first half showed just how lethal Haaland can be even if he's on the periphery of a match and that will be vital for City's title hopes. While Pep Guardiola's side haven't exactly been shy of scoring goals during their dominant era of the Premier League, they were run extremely close by Liverpool last season. There were only four games in the Premier League last season where City failed to score and a false nine was used on every occasion.  With a more natural central striker at their disposal this campaign - who happens to be one of the best in the world - makes it almost impossible to see how City will be stopped. Haaland was more involved in the second half as he grew in confidence and the game opened up more. And there was even more reason for the rest of the Premier League to be fearful as Kevin De Bruyne struck up a deadly partnership with Haaland. The Belgium international fizzed through one of his trademark defence-cutting passes for Haaland to run onto and slot home for his second of the game with a cool finish. If that relationship continues to blossom then the Premier League title is surely going to remain in Manchester.