All 23 members of England's triumphant Euro 2022-winning squad have joined together to write an open letter to Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss to demand changes to the current school system to allow girls more time to play PE. The Lionesses have written to the Conservative Party leadership candidates in a bid to inspire more girls to play football from a young age. The letter, published via the official Lionesses Twitter account on Wednesday afternoon, pleads with the two politicians to do their part to ensure that young girls have the best opportunities in school and beyond to participate in football. It comes after England's historic 2-1 victory over Germany in the Euro 2022 final on Sunday, watched by a record crowd inside Wembley and with over 19 million TV viewers on BBC. Players such as Chloe Kelly and Lucy Bronze have spoken about the importance of ensuring the legacy of their success does not go to waste as women's football mania sweeps the nation. Their research claims that only two-thirds of girls have the option to play football in PE lessons and they collectively believe that all girls should be allowed to play, having experienced a similar obstacle when growing up. Their goal is for "every girl in the nation" to be able to play football and the Lionesses requested that, in order for that to happen, the Government need to implement an initiative that grants girls access "to a minimum of two hours a week [of] PE". “We want every young girl in the nation to be able to play football at school," they wrote. "Currently only 63 per cent of girls can play football in PE lessons. The reality is we are inspiring young girls to play football, only for many to end up going to school and not being able to play. “This is something that we all experienced growing up. We were often stopped from playing. So we made our own teams, we travelled across the country and despite the odds, we just kept playing football. “Women's football has come a long way. But it still has a long way to go. We ask you and your government to ensure that all girls have access to a minimum of 2hrs a week PE." England's heroes also called on more support to be given to PE teachers, as they hold a "crucial role" as "key role models" to help talented female footballers to "flourish" in their formative years. They end the letter by telling Sunak and Truss that they have the chance to impact the lives of "millions of young girls" and reiterated their desire to give girls the choice whether or not to play football. England's Euro 2022 winning squad's open letter in full: “Dear Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, on Sunday evening history was made. The dreams of 23 women came true. England became European champions for the first time in history. “Throughout the Euros, we as a team spoke about our legacy and goal to inspire a nation. Many will think that this has already achieved but we see this as only the beginning. “We are looking to the future. We want to create real change in this country and we are asking you, if you were to become Prime Minister on 5 September, to help us achieve that change. “We want every young girl in the nation to be able to play football at school. Currently only 63 per cent of girls can play football in PE lessons. The reality is we are inspiring young girls to play football, only for many to end up going to school and not being able to play. “This is something that we all experienced growing up. We were often stopped from playing. So we made our own teams, we travelled across the country and despite the odds, we just kept playing football. “Women's football has come a long way. But it still has a long way to go. We ask you and your government to ensure that all girls have access to a minimum of 2hrs a week PE. “Not only should we be offering football to all girls, we need to invest in and support female PE teachers too. Their role is crucial and we need to give them the resources to provide girls' football sessions. They are key role models from which so many young girls can flourish. “We have made incredible strides in the women's game, but this generation of school girls deserve more. They deserve to play football at lunchtime, they deserve to play football in PE lessons and they deserve to believe they can one day play for England. We want their dreams to also come true. "This is an opportunity to make a huge difference. A change that will impact millions of young girls' lives. We - the 23 members of the England Senior Women's EURO squad - ask you to make it a priority to invest into girls' football in schools, so that every girl has the choice. "Regards, The 2022 UEFA Women's EURO England squad."