Filming for series 12 of Vera is well underway as fans have spotted the cast and crew on set. Leading lady Brenda Blethyn, who plays the iconic DCI Stanhope, and her sidekick Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty) often keep their fans updated about what goes on behind the scenes. The duo also tease their social media followers with snaps from on set. The cast may be filming for series 12, which is expected to air next year, but they are still eagerly awaiting for the final two episodes of series 11. Last year, production was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic. Fans were treated to the first two instalments in 2021, with the second two episodes following in January. However, ITV bosses are yet to broadcast the remaining episodes of series 11. READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  Taking to social media to give fans an updating on series 12, Kenny said: "Just finished filming for the day & want to wish you all a Happy Bank Holiday! Have fun & keep safe! X" The post sent fans into a frenzy, with many quizzing the actor on when the final instalments would be shown. Leanne replied: "Can't wait to see the new series, and the last 2 episodes of series 11." Lisa Woods tweeted: "Hope you get some time off too." While Roman T added: "Can't wait for Vera mate." "Your American fans are anxious for new episodes of Vera!" Stephanie said as A Smith replied: "At least you have seen series 11." While no official date has been confirmed, if the series follows suit, series 12 should air in January 2023. In an interview, ITV bosses discussed when filming for the upcoming series will come to an end.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [REACTION]BBC Breakfast viewers distracted by host's appearance after return [VIDEO]Oti Mabuse horrifies Big Breakfast viewers with 'disgusting' habit [INSIGHT] A spokesperson for ITV told The Northern Echo the cast and crew are expected to wrap up filming for series 12 in Autumn. Kenny and his co-star Riley Jones, who plays Mark Edwards, have also been sharing some snaps from behind the scenes. In his latest post, the Aiden Healy star shared a photo of a special visitor on set. Posting a photo of himself lying on the floor of his trailer with a puppy, Kenny wrote: "Had a visitor today in my trailer. I may have to steal her!"    In another snap shared on Instagram, Kenny posed with DCI Stanhope's hat on his head. Brenda has played DCI Vera Stanhope since the ITV series began in 2011, and she has become a hit with fans ever since. Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) was DCI Stanhope's original sidekick before he was replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) in 2014. The pair had remained side by side ever since, and viewers love to watch their onscreen relationship blossom. Vera is available to watch on BritBox and BBC iPlayer. 