Oleksandr Usyk has been spotted heading back to Ukraine sporting two black eyes following his win over Anthony Joshua on Saturday. Usyk won the contest via split decision with scorecards of 115-113, 113-115, and 116-12 at the King Abdullah Sport City Arena in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia and took his fair share of big shots en route to victory. The unified heavyweight champion was spotted at Jeddah International airport on his way home following the victory with a heavily marked-up face. When asked how he felt after the win by one bystander, Usyk gave his trademark response: "I am feel, I am very feel." But The Cat will not have time to rest on his laurels as reports suggest that his undisputed unification clash with Tyson Fury is being targeted for December 17 in Saudi Arabia – just one day before the world cup final takes place in neighbouring Qatar. According to the Daily Mail, Team Fury is seeking a larger sum than the £86.6million deal to bring Joshua and Usyk to Jeddah. The purse bid is expected to far exceed Fury’s last payday against Dillian Whyte which was reportedly around the £20m mark. Saudi Arabian interest has already been confirmed for the fight with Prince Mohammad Abdulaziz, the Saudi minister for sport, saying: “We are very interested in the fight for the undisputed heavyweight title. We are looking to do that in the city of Riyadh.” After his masterclass against Joshua, Usyk called out The Gypsy King and claimed that he would retire if he wasn’t given the fight against Fury next. Shortly after, the Mancunian verbally accepted. "Hi, guys, Tyson Fury here aka The Gypsy King. I've just seen Joshua lose for a second time to Usyk. England has been relieved of its belts yet again as usual but there is a remedy and a solution that I can suggest. If you want those belts back, then send in the gypsy barbarian of England, come on!" bellowed Fury during a video posted online. "Send me in I will relieve the Ukrainian dosser of his belts like I did the last Ukrainian dosser. But it's not going to be cheap, if you want the best then you've got to pay. It's going to be very expensive so get your f***ing cheque book out and I will relieve that Ukraine dosser of them belts. Get up!"