The Lord of the Rings showrunner has finally spoken on the rivalry between the fantasy series and HBO’s Game of Thrones prequel. As both shows have spin-offs premiering soon, a competition between the fanbases has been sparked.  Lord of the Rings will be returning to screens next month with a highly anticipated prequel, The Rings of Power. Just 10 days before its premiere, House of the Dragon will land on HBO to tell the story of the Targaryen civil war. As for the epic fantasy, the storyline will be set thousands of years before the events of J.R.R. Tolkien's hit adaptations of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. With both spin-offs premiering in close time, fans have fuelled a competition as comparisons have long been made between them. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation    With the competition came rumours of a rivalry which caught the attention of Lord of the Rings showrunner Patrick McKay. During an appearance at the Television Critics Association’s press tour, Patrick was asked about the rivalry to which he responded: “I’ll take a whack at that.” He added: “We talked about this a lot. It comes up and we totally understand where the question comes from. “We don’t think of the show in terms of what genre or other shows might be out there. We think about [Tolkien], his life’s work was creating this world.    Patch told the Hollywood Reporter: “This is Tolkien’s Middle-earth and regions beyond Middle-earth, and we just wanted to be true to that and sort of drown out and forget about what might be happening in another realm someplace else.” Rings of Power will return to Middle-earth for the first time since The Hobbit trilogy came to an end in 2014. The spin-off comes five years after Amazon acquired the rights of the complete Lord of the Rings franchise. With just a few weeks until the premiere of the Lord of the Rings prequel, Rings of Power was tipped to be the most expensive television series ever filmed. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [INSIGHT]Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson wanted to 'forget' films [INSIGHT]Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT]   With readers excited to watch the adaptation, many will also be waiting to see the production, which is said to be worth $465 million (£385 million) for just season one. The cast will include Cynthia Addai-Robinson, Robert Aramayo, Owain Arthur, Maxim Baldry, Nazanin Boniadi and Morfydd Clark. Ismael Cruz Córdova, Charles Edwards, Trystan Gravelle, Sir Lenny Henry, Ema Horvath, and Sara Zwangobani will also take to the screens. House of the Dragon will take place 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones and shine a light on the House of Targaryen    The show will depict the moment the family's first ruler Aegon forged the Iron Throne and made King's Landing the capital of Westeros. Paddy Considine will star as King Viserys Targaryen, who will be tasked with choosing his successor. He is told to choose between his younger brother Prince Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) and his daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy). However, a war between the family will be sparked after he chooses Rhaenyra instead of his brother. The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power will premiere on Friday, September 2 on Amazon Prime Video.   