All Britons claiming legacy benefits will hopefully be moved to Universal Credit by 2024. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) started the process before the pandemic, but the Department temporarily stopped the transition as staff were focused on processing Covid-era Universal Credit claims. There are six legacy benefits being replaced by Universal Credit. These are: Income-Related Employment and Support Allowance, Income-Based Jobseeker's Allowance, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit, Income Support and Housing Benefit for those of working age. Existing claimants will have their eligibility for Universal Credit assessed against the payment they are currently getting. Top-up payments will be awarded by the DWP to claimants who will see their payments reduced by the move. READ MORE: Mortgages: Britons warned of ‘silly mistakes’ which leave them 'paying thousands more' Britons who are currently claiming payments such as Working Tax Credit do not have to wait to be moved to Universal Credit. Individuals who believe they will be financially better off by moving as soon as possible to the payment can ask for it to happen immediately. Legacy benefit recipients will be notified ahead of time about the change to payments, if they have not been already. The DWP said in its official guidance: "You will be notified of when you will be asked to claim Universal Credit. All claimants will be moved to Universal Credit by 2024. READ MORE: Not investable!' Dragons' Den rejects secure £1.1million funding after leaving the show "If you currently receive these benefits, you will receive a Migration Notice letter from the Department for Work and Pensions. “This letter will inform you that your existing benefits or tax credits will be ending, and the date you must claim Universal Credit by. “You will have three months to claim Universal Credit from the date of your Migration Notice letter. "On Universal Credit, most people will be entitled to the same amount they received from their previous benefits, or more. “If the amount you are entitled to on your existing benefits is more than you will get on Universal Credit, a top-up is available. This is called transitional protection." People will only be able to get this top-up if they have received a Migration Notice letter, and claim by the deadline date specified. The DWP added: "If your circumstances change before you make your claim, this may affect the amount you get. “You should claim as soon as possible to make sure the amount you are currently entitled to can be protected."