According to sources close to Prince Charles, neither the Prince of Wales nor the Duke of Cambridge have had a chance to see any part of Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir. Harry said of the book that he is “excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful". But with the rest of the Royal family reportedly kept in the dark about its contents, fears are rising that there are devastating revelations within its pages. The Royals haven’t even been told when the book will be published. It is rumoured for an autumn release, with some speculating that it had been delayed after it didn’t appear on Penguin Random House’s list of upcoming publications. Biography expert Rutger Bruining told Express.co.uk that the apparent delay suggested Harry was preparing to reveal some difficult truths within its pages. Writing for Yahoo! News, Mr Scobie compared the Prince to Princess Diana, saying: "Just like his late mother, he too has spent considerable lengths of his life misunderstood." Mr Scobie previously insisted Harry’s memoirs won’t be a "burn" book and that Harry won’t "attack" the Royal Family. Sources close to Prince Charles have reportedly suggested that he would have hoped his team would have been sent the book in advance of publication.  They told the Telegraph that it was “unlikely to be on his reading list”. The “intimate and heartfelt memoir” has not seen any official word since last summer, when Penguin Random House announced it was “tentatively scheduled” for late 2022. The publisher reportedly paid $20million for the book. Sources claim it has been finished and has already “gone through all of the legal processes”. This has led to speculation that Penguin will go for a “shock drop” release, in which the publication is preceded by several short, sharp revelations. According to the news publication’s sources, it is difficult to envisage a situation in which the Duke of Sussex will be able to rekindle his relationship with William when he briefly returns to the UK next month, due to the bubbling tension over the book. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry could feel force of 'Queen's wrath' by ignoring rules [REVEAL]  The insiders also share that they believe Penguin has weighed up the potential risk in publishing a book containing subjective allegations - with one pointing out that the Royal family would never sue one of its own, making the risk low. There is also no legal requirement for the publisher to offer a right of reply. However, royal circles are also said to be discussing the possibility that the book will not contain the anticipated revelations. They theorise that instead, the lack of any opportunity for the Royal Family to read it ahead of publication may indicate that the book doesn’t say anything that could be seen as controversial. One source said: “These publishers are too not the types to publish and be damned. They have reputations to protect. The biggest potential issue is not defamation but truth - accuracy.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Crisis as Harry and William feud to 'worsen' [REVEAL]William warned as rift with Sussexes risks new royal crisis [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's 'magic has dulled' as Sussexes' careers slammed [ANALYSIS]  The book has been ghostwritten by JR Moehringer, a Pulitzer-winning author and journalist, who also ghostwrote Andre Agassi’s best-selling memoir, Open, published in 2009. Mr Moehringer has described how Mr Agassi was drawn to him due to his own “complex, difficult” relationship with his father, in an insight that might explain why he has been chosen to work with Prince Harry. He and Mr Agassi started the process by having a “long really wonderful conversation about his life” which “worked like therapy”. Meanwhile the Duke last year told of the “genetic pain” he feels was passed down through his family, and his desire to “break the cycle”.He has vowed to donate the proceeds of the book to charity. Last summer, Harry announced: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born, but as the man I have become. I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned—I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." 