Former MEP Dr David Bull insisted Boris Johnson had only delivered a "partial" Brexit amid an ongoing row over the contentious Northern Ireland Protocol. And the TalkTV presenter raised fears over the future of negotiations when either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak takes over from the Prime Minister, as he called for "firm action". Dr Bull said he would be concerned if the former Chancellor wins the Tory leadership race following claims by Conservative MPs Simon Clarke and Kwasi Kwarteng, both allies of Ms Truss, that he "dug his heels in" over the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, which will allow the UK to unilaterally rip up parts of the protocol. Meanwhile, the ex-MEP highlighted how the Foreign Secretary was a Remainer despite since embracing Brexit. Dr Bull told Express.co.uk: "I am deeply worried about where we go from here and everyone seems to have forgotten that 52 percent voted for Brexit. "The current Government did not deliver that. We've got a partial Brexit. "I think we've annexed Northern Ireland. I think the way we treated Northern Ireland is absolutely awful. "And the more I think about it, I find it extraordinary that we allowed the EU to dictate what we did. "We essentially have annexed Northern Ireland, stuck a border in the Irish Sea, and that basically invades our sovereignty. "So I am deeply nervous about where we are. "According to these briefings from Simon Clarke and Kwasi Kwarteng, Rishi Sunak has actually opposed changes to the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, so if he was elected I would be deeply worried. "That being said, Liz Truss of course was a Remainer. I think it's fine to change your mind and as long as she believes that. "And she's obviously done these trade deals, but we need firm action on Northern Ireland." Dr Bull added that he was also "very concerned" about Remainer bids to reverse Brexit. He said: "We were told categorically this was a once-in-a-lifetime decision, really in the same way when people voted to join what was the Common Market and turned into the EU. "And I think we need to respect that. I just don't think we've delivered it." The former MEP also warned the UK has been "too soft" with Brussels who "do not compromise". Dr Bull said: "I don't think Boris Johnson has done a great job either. The fact is we could have done more, we should have actually triggered Article 16. "The EU do not compromise and we have been too soft. "It seems to me that we've done all the running and the EU has done very little indeed. "And talking to my friends in the European Parliament who are still there, they're very, very angry that Britain may well be very, very successful. And that is what is behind all of this."