The Galaxy Watch 5, announced during Samsung's Galaxy Unpacked event today, arrives with a number of useful upgrades compared to its predecessor. There are also two screen sizes available – 40mm and 44mm – as well as a new Galaxy Watch 5 Pro variant. Samsung has ensured the minimalist design and colour options perfectly match with the other devices announced during its Galaxy Unpacked event, including the Galaxy Z Flip 4, Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Galaxy Buds Pro. Samsung says the materials used with the new smartwatch are 60% stronger than before, which should be reassuring for those who use the fitness tracking features on mountain bike rides, snowboarding, surfing, and cross-country running where dings and dents are almost inevitable. Even if you're only planning to wear the Galaxy Watch day-to-day that improved durability will come in handy as it's all-too-easy to catch the glass screen of the Galaxy Watch on a door frame, blindly knock it off the bedside table in the morning, or scuff it against a wall. Or maybe we're just clumsier than most... Not only is the Galaxy Watch 5 stronger, but Samsung has also enabled 30% faster charging. That means less time in the charging cradle, which will be most useful for those who want to wear the Galaxy Watch 5 throughout the day and track sleep and heart-rate throughout the night.The 40mm Galaxy Watch 5 boasts a 284mAh battery, while the larger 44mm screen size packs a larger 410mAh cell. Elsewhere, Galaxy Watch 5 boasts a number of new fitness tracking capabilities, including help determining how much time your body needs to recover after exercise. This is an important step to ensure that you're not damaging your muscles when working out consistently. Samsung has also added Snore Detection to the sleep tracking functionality, so you'll be able to know whether your restless night or parched mouth is caused by snoring. Over time, the Galaxy Watch 5 will offer advice to improve the quality of your sleep, including reducing the disturbances caused by snoring. Improvements to body tracking, ECG, and blood pressure tracking have also been made in the new hardware, Samsung says. This is partly due to the larger size of the Galaxy Watch 5, which offers an increased surface area with more direct contact with your skin. As a result, the Galaxy Watch 5 should be more accurate than previous smartwatches from the South Korean firm. For the first time, Samsung's temperature sensor uses infrared technology for more accurate readings, even if the temperature of your surroundings changes. This opens new possibilities for developers to expand their health and wellness options and for users to take advantage of all-new experiences. Galaxy Watch 5 starts from £260, although you'll need to pay £319 if you want cellular connectivity. The latter allows you to make phone calls, reply to text messages and stream music over the mobile network when you've left your paired smartphone at home. This might require an extra monthly charge from your carrier. The new Large 44mm option for the Galaxy Watch 5 is available in Graphite, Sapphire, and Silver, while the smaller 40mm screen size ships in Graphite, Pink Gold, and Silver which features a Bora Purple strap designed to pairs perfectly with the Galaxy Z Flip 4. Samsung has also unveiled a new Galaxy Watch 5 Pro, which sports a larger 590mAh battery to endure longer between charges and the same 44mm screen as the larger Galaxy Watch 5. Like the rest of the Galaxy Watch 5 series, it supports fast-charging so you'll have to spend less time with the watch away from your wrist. The Galaxy Watch 5 Pro arrives with an enhanced Sapphire Crystal that’s even stronger and less likely to scuff and scratch. It also relies on a titanium casing that Samsung claims is around 5x more durable and protects the display with a protruded bezel design – perfect for adventurous wearers. Exclusive to the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro is an all-new D-Buckle Sport Band that offers rugged durability with a sleek and clean fit. The Galaxy Watch 5 Pro also has an exclusive "Bread Crumb" feature that tracks an outdoor walk, run, or swim and then plots a route back to where you started, like the fairytale (but without the terrifying witch trying to convince you to crawl inside a fan oven). You can also download hiking and cycling routes as you practice for your next race or look to mix up your routine. Whether you're following an existing route or making up your own with the "Bread Crumb" feature, you'll be able to share your path with friends and family. Galaxy Watch Pro costs £429 and, like the Galaxy Watch 5, there is an optional cellular version available for £479. “As a result of new habits, routines and interests formed over the last few years, we’ve seen a growing desire in people to better understand their physical and mental wellbeing,” said Conor Pierce, Corporate Vice President, Samsung Electronics UK & Ireland. “The Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 5 Pro devices are not only our most durable and feature-packed watches yet; they are designed to take our customers' wellness journeys to new heights”. MORE LIKE THIS