James Martin lost a huge five stone at one point in his life thanks to diet and a rigorous exercise regime. Since then, his weight has fluctuated but he managed to shed the pounds again and maintain his ideal weight by watching what he ate. James Martin has been open about his weight in the past, revealing how much he has lost and how he did it. The chef is currently in good shape and maintains his slim frame by going for regular walks and eating well. In a recent Instagram post, James shared a picture of himself and his dog Cooper, who he often takes out for walks, and fans flooded the comments with praise about how good he looked. User @mightymidget1957 said: “Looking hot again James.” READ MORE: Gregg Wallace shares foods he ate to lose 4.5st - 'Wasn't a struggle!' Janet Heathfield wrote: “Looking handsome James as always.” Kay Coleman added: “Handsome as always.” Yvonne Booth commented: “Looking good.” But how did James lose weight in the first place? DON'T MISS:Woman who only eats 'children food' saves £125 on shop with small change [FOOD HACK]Woman furious as neighbour's 'rude' children stare over fence 'Privacy please?' [NEIGHBOUR NIGHTMARE]Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry during 'difficult' appearance suggests 'anxiety' [MEGHAN MARKLE] The chef began to lose weight without realising back in 2005, when he participated on Strictly Come Dancing. Due to the rigorous training the contestants had to undertake during their time on the show, James lost a stone in just a week. When he left Strictly after two months, the cook had reportedly lost a huge five stone. Since then, he has attempted to look after his health by eating well and maintaining a slim frame. However, James has admitted in the past how difficult it is for a “big bloke” like him to keep off the pounds. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake “I’ve really got to watch what I eat and drink, and make sure I exercise regularly,” he told Mail Online. James reportedly cut back on fats to lose weight, but he has more recently shared his love for a healthy fat – an ingredient he has said he can’t live without: butter. The chef has demonstrated how people can lose weight and still enjoy their favourite foods, such as butter or dishes consisting of it. The meals to avoid are the ones which are pre-made, full of unhealthy fats and salts. In an interview with The Herald last November, James said: “It’s not the butter consumption. “It’s the ready-made food, it’s the packet food, the hidden salt, hidden fat – that’s the problem in this country. “It's not the butter in a butter block, or butter you put on your toast. “It's the fact that not as many people cook in the UK as they do in France or Italy or Spain.” Back in 2018, James shed a few pounds again after noticing he had put on a little of the weight he had previously lost. He started to notice his appearance changing on TV, and received cruel comments about his weight online. “I looked on social media and every comment was about me being fat,” he told the Sun at the time. “So, I lost a stone and a half.” When speaking to Mail Online, he added: “I just think it’s a lifestyle thing and also looking at yourself on TV. “Before you used to watch TV on a small one and now they’re massive.”