WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale.Emmerdale fans are breaking their hearts over Leyla Harding (played by Roxy Shahidi) as of late as she struggles to battle her drug addiction. As a result, her marriage to Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) is on the rocks with him not being able to cope much longer with Leyla, despite all they have been through. But thankfully, it is a very different story away from the cameras for the ITV actress Roxy Shahidi. Yes, Emmerdale's Leyla actress Roxy Shahidi is a mum, announcing the birth of her daughter in January 2018. She is very quiet when it comes to her personal life, neither releasing her name nor any pictures of her child. But going by when the announcement was made, Shahidi's daughter will now be four years old. She did, however, reveal that it was her former Emmerdale co-star Charley Webb who played Debbie Dingle that told Shididi she was pregnant. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit Shahidi told OK! magazine: “It’s weird as Charley actually told me she thought I was pregnant before I did the test. "We had been working together and she called me when I got home and said my boobs gave it away. “Arsher [Ali] also guessed too because one day I had a sudden craving for Hula Hoops, which isn’t something I’d usually eat!” While little is known about her daughter, some fans will recognise Shahidi's husband. Her other half is actor Arsher Ali who played Samir Qureshi in Channel 4's Ackley Bridge and PC Hari Bains in Line of Duty in 2016. Some of his other roles have been in Cold Courage, The Fear Index, The Missing and Informer. They have been together for 10 years, having first met while working on a play together at The National Theatre. She revealed that her husband proposed to her within the first two weeks of their meeting. DON'T MISS...Alice Beer blasts not turning off appliances in cash-saving tip [REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Vinny Dingle arrested for spiking Gabby's drink [THEORY]Jeff Hordley says there won't be Emmerdale killer like Meena for years [CAST] Shahidi told the Mirror: “He just looked me in the eye at a cast party and said, ‘Will you marry me?’ “I didn’t answer and he said, ‘You will be my wife,’ and that was it. "I didn’t quite know what to make of it because I didn’t know him that well. “I knew that he liked me but we hadn’t really said anything. We hadn’t even kissed! “I half wanted to laugh and say, ‘That’s absolutely ridiculous!’ and the other half thought, ‘Oooh, kiss me passionately!'” It's been a difficult time for Leyla as she recently overdosed on cocaine and suffered a heart attack. Thankfully, she was able to pull through but the addiction is still, leaving her husband Liam worried sick and at a loss of how to help her. But will their marriage be able to survive the drugs or could this be the end of Leyla and Liam for good? Emmerdale continues four nights a week at 7.30pm on ITV.