Today marks 45 years since Elvis Presley died. During his final years, The King’s major girlfriend after divorcing Priscilla Presley was Linda Thompson. The music icon dated the Miss Tennessee model from 1972-76 and the couple lived together at Graceland. Now 72, Linda has posted a tribute post to Elvis on the 45th anniversary of his death in 1977. His old flame went on to become a successful lyricist and shared some from her Josh Groban song To Where You Are which were about her love for The King. She posted on Instagram: “As my heart holds you...Just one beat away...I cherish all you gave me every day...'Cause you are my forever love... Watching me from up above... And I believe... That angels breathe... And that love will live on and never leave...Fly me up TO WHERE YOU ARE... Beyond each distant star...I wish upon tonight...To see you smile...If only for awhile...To know you're there... A breath away's not far...TO WHERE YOU ARE..." - LT.” Linda explained: “I wrote this lyric inspired by the closeness & deep love that Elvis and I shared…& the profound loss of his demise. Today I am remembering that once in a lifetime love... A great man...on this, the 45th anniversary of his passing. Thank you to all the wonderfully devoted fans from around the world who are keeping Elvis‘s beautiful memory alive as you hold him in your hearts…as I do in mine…” Her post featured numerous touching photos of her four and half years with The King. READ MORE: Elvis movie ‘erased’ major girlfriend: ‘I saved his life many times’ Additionally, Linda’s Instagram stories featured more photos, including one of fans on August 16, 1977, the day Elvis died, crowding outside Graceland. She labelled it “the day the music died”, quoting Don McLean’s American Pie. The 72-year-old also posted a picture of a diamond cross necklace, captioning it: ‘Elvis wore this cross I designed and had made for him at every show. Our two hearts/birthstones encircled by an eternity ring…” She even shared a snap of herself grieving at Elvis’ funeral on August 18, 1977 calling it “the face of pure grief.” DON'T MISSElvis Presley confessed his worst flaw to his ex Linda Thompson [LINDA]Elvis agreed with Linda on reason that marrying Priscilla was mistake [PRISCILLA]Elvis: ‘Sweet’ rare Graceland upstairs photo shared by ‘King's Queen’ [GRACELAND UPSTAIRS] Linda broke up amicably with Elvis around Christmas 1976, as she wanted a normal life out of the celebrity spotlight. Although The King went on to date Ginger Alden, who would find him dead, the pair reminded good friends until his dying day.