Brooklyn Beckham has left Instagram and TikTok users baffled by his “strange” accent. The eldest son of Victoria and David Beckham was filmed discussing the meal his wife Nicola Peltz loves him to make for her. Brooklyn, 23, is a cook and was asked which meal his new wife, 27, likes the best. He replied: “Favourite thing to cook… She loves angel hair with pink sauce, but she also loves the spaghetti bolognese that I make for her. “It takes me like eight hours to make the sauce. “She loves it,” he added to PEOPLE. READ MORE: Paul O'Grady breaks silence on reason for BBC Radio exit As the US publication uploaded the clip to its official Instagram and TikTok pages, viewers went wild for Brooklyn’s mishmash accent. He was born in the UK, but grew up between Madrid and LA, where his famous dad played football. The photographer has also been spending lots of time overseas with Nicola, who is American. Some users compared him to One Direction star Liam Payne, who went viral at the Oscars earlier this year for his impossible-to-place accent which appeared to change several times in one short clip. D commented: “What in the Liam Payne is this accent”. Denise Polley replied: “South UK with a Cockney sawse”. Anthony wrote: “He sounds very Americanised”. Kerry Scott joked: “The sawse”. DON'T MISS...Brad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed [INSIGHT] Tyra Banks, 48, shows off curves in crop top and skintight leggings [PICTURES] Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini [LATEST] Rebecca asked: “Why does he sound strange! The sawse!!!” Sarakyle808 added: “Why is he giving me Elon Musk vibes ?” It’s not the only time Brooklyn has gone viral for all the wrong reasons - last week he attracted some taunts online for appearing to suggest he and Nicola invented double-barrelled surnames. Speaking about their decision to both change their surname to Peltz Beckham, he told Variety: “We had this idea - we kind of combined our last names. “I was just like, oh, we could start a new thing, and it’ll be so cool to have our own kids and have little Peltz Beckhams running around.” The Upshot tweeted in response: “Does Brooklyn Beckham think he invented double barrelled names?” Ellie wrote: ““We could start a new thing” plzzzz get over yourselvesss”. But Oliver pointed out: “Do you not just think they meant as in start a new name ‘Peltz-Beckham’ ….” Rebecca agreed: “Pretty sure the 'new thing' referred to is their double barrelled surname, not the concept of it....”