Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge shared their well-wishes for Meghan Markle as she celebrated her 41st birthday on Thursday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took to Twitter to wish Meghan a happy birthday. In a move that could be considered an olive branch extended to Prince Harry and Meghan, Kate and William shared a brief message for their sister-in-law. The tweet read: "Wishing a happy birthday to The Duchess of Sussex!" The message was accompanied by a picture, showing the Duchess smiling widely from the footsteps of St Paul's Cathedral. This snap was taken on June 3, when most Royal Family members gathered to attend the National Service of Thanksgiving for Queen Elizabeth II amid her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. It marked Meghan and Harry’s first and only official appearance in the UK during the long bank holiday weekend of celebrations. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie 'disapproved' of Beatrice's announcement clash with Meghan and Harry While both the Cambridges and the Sussexes attended the service, the public didn't see either the brothers or the sisters-in-law interact with one another. The seating arrangement followed the pecking order, which meant Meghan and Harry had to be seated in the second row, far from Kate and William. They reportedly did not exchange a word or even make eye contact during the event, with the Sussexes only stopping briefly to chat with Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips before heading back to Windsor. Kate and William's message came as the reported rift between the Sussexes and the rest of the Firm is still believed to be wide. And now, one royal expert has claimed there are slender prospects of reconciliation between William and Harry. Speaking to the Daily Beast last week, Andrew Morton said: “I very much doubt they will be reconciled. There is a lot of wishful thinking about this.” The author of ‘Diana: Her True Story’ continued: “The closest parallel is George VI and Edward VIII. “George VI adored his brother, like Harry adored William, they were inseparable, but then he abdicated, moved abroad and the relationship was never the same again. “William and Harry are in a similar situation.” Following their shock exit from the Firm in 2020, Harry and Meghan relocated to North America, before eventually settling down in California. DON'T MISS:Kate and William send heartfelt message as they decline George invite [INSIGHT]Queen accepts William change as future King breaks mould [ANALYSIS]Meghan shares 'similar' traits to Diana - body language analysis [EXPLAINED] They now reside in a £12million mansion in the affluent neighbourhood of Montecito. Their short stay in the UK back in June suggested that tensions between the Sussexes and the Cambridges still remain. Mr Morton said: “As we saw at the Jubilee, when the time they spent in London was brief to say the least, there was no suggestion of having dinner or lunch or getting the children together. “They will go their separate ways, and the longer Harry and Meghan stay in America, the more comfortable they will be there.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s daughter Lilibet celebrated her first birthday during the four-day weekend. Meghan and Harry were said to have hosted a small garden party for the one-year-old at their former royal residence Frogmore Cottage. While some of Lilibet’s cousins were in attendance, the Cambridges were not in attendance. At the time, William and Kate were in Wales with their two eldest children — nine-year-old Prince George and seven-year-old Princess Charlotte. For Mr Morton, Diana, Princess of Wales’ friend and biographer, it begs the question – what would Diana make of it all? He said: “Like any mother, Diana would have been concerned about the breakdown in the relationship between her children. “She said on Panorama, and she said to me, on numerous occasions, that she saw Harry as a wingman for William, because his job is a lonely job, and you cannot trust many people around you. “She saw Harry as being there to back up his brother, but that’s not how things turned out.” His comments came as news emerged that Harry’s highly-anticipated memoir was complete, with publication reportedly on course to capitalise on the Christmas market. The content of the book has remained largely under wraps, but some commentators have speculated what the prince may have to say. When Harry announced the tell-all book, he claimed that it would cover “the high and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned” and be “a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful”. However, it has been widely speculated that Harry might use the memoir to delve deeper into his relationship with the Royal Family, potentially revealing unknown information about ‘Megxit’ and the subsequent fallout. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, claimed that William stands to be hurt the most by any bombshells Harry might drop in the book. She told GB News last month: “William is probably the one that will come out of this worst of all because there is a row between William and Harry and basically if Harry says things that are inappropriate about the monarchy, that is William’s future.” While Richard Kay, who expressed his views in his column for the Daily Mail, said: “They [the Royal Family] are particularly nervous about his attitude towards his [Harry’s] stepmother, the [Camilla] Duchess of Cornwall, the women who many of the late Princess’s supporters still blame for the collapse of the Charles-Diana marriage.” But another royal commentator has argued that Harry’s memoir will not be a “hit piece” and instead could be more of a “motivational book”. Speaking about Harry’s decision to return for the Platinum Jubilee, founder of ToDiForDaily.com Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk: “I am certainly surprised by the decision and it makes me feel like Prince Harry’s book isn’t the scathing tell-all we feared. “Perhaps it’s just a book about a man who learned to live and love after the death of his mother. “I’ve always hoped that it was more of a motivational book than a hit piece."