England's Euro 2022 winning goal-scorer Chloe Kelly was left perplexed during a TV interview with Richard Madeley on Tuesday. The Good Morning Britain presenter referred to her as 'Coco', which is what he calls his daughter while discussing her extra-time Wembley winner that saw Sarina Wiegman's Lionesses leave victorious. Kelly started the match on the bench as Ellen White led the line for England, making a nuisance of herself in and around the box. But it was Wiegman's substitutes who made the telling impact as Ella Toone opened the scoring with a deft chip before Kelly poked home in extra time. The Manchester City forward instantly became a nationally-known name after starring in an iconic moment for English football. On Tuesday, two days after her Wembley triumph, she was interviewed on Good Morning Britain to discuss what many see as a huge step in popularity for the women's game. Madeley left viewers confused, however, by rounding off the interview with: "Chloe - or 'Coco' as I call my daughter Chloe - Coco, thank you very much indeed for coming in." Kelly managed a smile but, along with those watching at home, seemed caught off guard by the comment. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers: Arsenal loan agreed, West Ham exit, Chelsea sale, Man City to loan duo  Expectedly, the exchange sparked an instant reaction on social media and @Daniel_Sugarman pointed out a potential double standard, explaining: "I have to say, I cannot imagine a young male player who'd just scored the winning goal for England in a final going on TV and being told "Colin - or 'Col-Col' as I call my son Colin - Col-Col, thank you very much indeed for coming in." Meanwhile, @OnceByton added: "Patronising. Just as news got overtaken by entertainment so entertainment gets overtaken by a dreary assumption that everyone is friends and we are just as interested in the host as the guest. She deserves better and that celebration nailed it." Kelly is still sure to be on a high after her 110th-minute strike on Sunday, which kicked off raucous celebrations inside a packed-out Wembley. She was swarmed by team-mates after wheeling away in celebration, swinging her shirt overhead in what is sure to become a recognisable scene for years to come. The moment crowned the Lionesses' first major international trophy and manager Wiegman's second consecutive European Championships, having won with the Netherlands on home turf five years ago. Both attended the victory parade on Monday where the party atmosphere continued and the country rejoiced in a first major international title for 56 years.   "I ain't stopped dancing, my feet just keep going!" exclaimed Kelly. "Everyone's absolutely buzzing. We had a good night last night but some of us were a bit worse for wear this morning. "It's so special to share this moment with such an amazing bunch of girls. I'm proud to wear this badge but I'm even more proud to share the pitch with such an unbelievable group of players and set of staff."