She added: "The glycemic index has been a popular weight loss tool to help dieters lose weight. "Also referred to as the glycemic index diet, GI diet, and low glycemic diet, it is the basis for many popular diet plans." The GI diet is a popular weight loss tool that classifies food depending on its Glycemic Index or how blood sugar levels rise after you eat a small portion of carbohydrates. The eating plan, also known as the low glycemic diet, is based on how foods affect your blood sugar level. The system assigns a number from one to 100 to carbohydrate-containing foods according to how much each food increases blood sugar. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says  If foods are rated higher than 70 they are classified as being high, with 100 being pure glucose. Foods are moderate if they rank between 56 and 69, or low less than 55. It takes into account the foods you eat but also the way you prepare them. Low GI diets promote fat loss and have been associated with a reduction in weight and cholesterol. Queen Rania's secret for looking beautiful, fit and healthy as well as maintaining her spectacular figure is eating a balanced diet and following the Glycemic Index Diet. Dietitian Juliette Kellow commented: "The diet plan is really simple and is sure to get results. "You'll love the GI plan if you want to lose weight by following a balanced, healthy diet without cutting out major groups of food or severely restricting what you eat."   With the Low GI diet, nothing is strictly banned, but some foods are not recommended including bread, pasta, breakfast cereals or noodles. Queen Rania reportedly eliminated these flour dishes from her diet, so she does not eat bread and pasta. However, she allows herself a treat every now and then and loves burgers, which King Abdullah reportedly prepares at home on the weekends. The beautiful royal also adores dark chocolate, as she herself has confessed. READ MORE: Queen Rania of Jordan wows in chic denim skirt - 'stylish!'  The monarch's meal plan reportedly combines this system with the Mediterranean diet, according to Ms Nayyar. Therefore, the royal's diet includes foods such as rice, steamed vegetables, lamb, or grilled fish. Also, Queen Rania does not drink or smoke. She reportedly loves couscous and nuts, especially almonds and walnuts.  The Jordanian Queen also combines her healthy diet with exercise. Queen Rania apparently starts her day with a short yoga class, according to Ms Nayyar. She practices pilates, aerobic exercises and running. Surprisingly, she is also a fan of kickboxing. 