The Cambridge family are embarking on a move to Windsor in the final few weeks of the summer holidays. While many families set their eyes on upsizing, the royal couple are switching Kensington Palace for Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate. Unlike Kensington Palace, which is large and located near a busy high-street, the cottage is much more secluded with the security of being in the middle of the Crown Estate’s Home Park. Living in a more rural environment, the children will have the freedom to play outside, walk the dog and even ride horses away from the eyes of the media and the public. The modest four-bedroom cottage will mean that the family’s live-in nanny will no longer be able to stay with the family, meaning that there will be a big dynamic for the Cambridge family dynamic. Adelaide Cottage is a Grade II-listed property which was constructed in 1831 for Queen Adelaide who was the wife of William IV. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Sussex fury as Duchess told to 'shut up' Maria Borrallo, the Spanish Norland nanny is usually on hand 24/7 for Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, four. Ms Borrallo will continue to be a full-time nanny for the Cambridges but will instead live close-by. It is thought that the family will also be forgoing other live-in staff such as a housekeeper and a personal chef which they have become accustomed to at Kensington. Ms Borrallo became a nanny for the royal couple in 2014 when Prince George was eight months old.  Since then, the nanny has been a permanent fixture in the Cambridge household and has been seen at royal events in her Norland uniform. Norland nannies are trained for four years including in a bachelor’s degree in early childhood education. Nannies also received the Norland diploma and a 12-month probationary posting. Those wishing to become a prestigious Norland nanny must pay a tuition fee of £14,990 for the 2022/23 year. DON'T MISS:Election POLL: Should Liz Truss call an early snap general election? (POLL)Ukraine LIVE: Henry Kissinger warns US at 'edge of war with Russia' (LIVE)Russian bombers’ secret flights over Scotland (REVEAL) Once fully trained, a Norland nanny will receive an average salary of between £42,000 and £70,000. The Cambridge’s nanny will sometimes travel with the family on their holidays and even has her own apartment at Anmer Hall, the Duke and Duchess’ residence in Norfolk. The move to Windsor will see the royals move closer to Kate’s parents, Michael and Carole Middleton and a mere 10-minute walk to the Queen’s private apartments at Windsor Castle. It has also allowed the Duke and Duchess to enrol Prince George into a co-educational Berkshire prep school.