Strictly Come Dancing is returning to BBC One in a matter of weeks but the final shows in December may have to be moved to accommodate World Cup matches. The football tournament kicks off on November 20 and the final will be played on December 18. The ballroom dancing competition, hosted by Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman, normally comes to an end in the middle of December and may clash with matches. The World Cup is being held in Qatar this winter and some games will be played on Saturdays around the time Strictly Come Dancing airs on BBC One. BBC bosses are believed to be concerned some December shows could be "taken off air" to favour of some of the football games. "It is a major headache and die-hard fans will be fuming if Strictly gets taken off air because of the football," a source told the Daily Star. "Viewers have already had a summer of sport messing around with their favourite TV shows." READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death It is also understood the BBC and ITV have agreed on which matches the channels will air until the end of November. Last year, Strictly Come Dancing launched on September 12 and the series wrapped on December 17. The World Cup matches on Saturday, December 3 and Saturday, December 10 could cause scheduling chaos as they start at 7pm. In the past Strictly Come Dancing has also aired on Saturdays at 7pm. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment.  This year marks the 20th anniversary of the dancing show, so the series could last slightly longer than usual. The first show is due to air on September 17 and the celebrities taking part have all been announced. The line-up includes presenters Helen Skelton and Kym Marsh, singer Fleur East, Paralympian Ellie Simmonds and former Coronation Street star Will Mellor. Loose Women's Kaye Adams, football legend Tony Adams, DJs Richie Anderson and Tyler West as well as comedians Ellie Taylor and Jayde Adams are also competing. DON'T MISS...Strictly Come Dancing star shares ‘secret’ to winning BBC series [LATEST]Stacey Dooley speaks out on surprise pregnancy announcement [UPDATE]Oti Mabuse horrifies Big Breakfast viewers with 'disgusting' habit [INSIGHT] Professional dancers Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec won’t be returning to the BBC show this year. However, there will be four new dancers joining the professional line-up, the BBC has confirmed. British dancer Lauren Oakley, Latin champion Michelle Tsiakkas, Chinese ace Carlos Gu and European trophy winner Vito Coppola are the new dancers. Familiar professionals such as Nancy Xu, Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Amy Dowden and Neil Jones will be returning for the new series.  The judging panel has also received a shake-up as longtime judge Bruno Tonioli will be missing again. Former professional Anton Du Beke stepped in for Bruno last year when the judge was unable to fulfil his commitments to both Strictly and Dancing With The Stars. Judges Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse will join Anton on the judging panel. Strictly Come Dancing will air on BBC One on September 17. 