Social cricket venue Sixes is offering women the chance to play cricket for free every Friday after they teamed up with an England and Wales Cricket Board initiative to shine light on the women's game. England's Lionesses inspired a nation when they ended 56 years of pain to win Euro 2022 last weekend. And now their cricket counterparts are hoping to follow suit at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, where they face India in the semi-finals tomorrow. Attention will turn to The Hundred on August 11, and Sixes is hoping to lend a hand to those looking to follow in the footsteps of their heroes. Calum Mackinnon, Co-Founder of Sixes, said: “We are beyond delighted to be partnering with the ECB on the We Got Game initiative. Cricket is for everyone and we want that to be reflected at our social cricket venues up and down the country. “We Got Game is perfectly timed in line with an exciting summer for women’s cricket, not only are we looking forward to seeing more women take to our nets, we can’t wait to tune in and watch the women’s cricket at this year’s Commonwealth Games and beyond.” Issy Wong, England Women and Birmingham Phoenix player, said: “It’s awesome that women and girls will be able to try cricket for free at Sixes every Friday this summer! "We Got Game is all about getting more women and girls excited about cricket and feel like it’s a place for them, so this is cool. Cricket changed my life and I love that this gives everyone the chance to try it out.” For further information and to book online, please visit the Sixes Social Cricket website here: https://www.sixescricket.com/@sixessocialcricket Discover a community of inspiring, relatable women, from the beating heart of grassroots cricket to the elite game @wegotgameofficial #wegotgame Terms and conditions to booking free nets at Sixes: ABOUT SIXES The social cricket venue, co-founded by Mac & Wild’s Andy Waugh and Calum Mackinnon, has revolutionised the capital’s entertainment landscape, allowing visitors to eat, drink, and bat in state-of-the-art batting nets available to hire by the hour to test their cricket skills with friends and family. Styled as batting nets, the Sixes Cricket Simulator is the ultimate immersive experience, taking the style of Top Golf, Flight Club and Puttshack to new, refined heights in the world of the quintessential English sport. Upon arrival, expect the best British meats flamed, roasted and grilled then presented in a relaxed and easy to share format – the perfect fuel for families, socials and corporate groups, alike. Grab a drink too. The bar serves craft beers, fine wines and cocktails to keep you refreshed during your visit. Cocktails include the Eton Mess, Sixes Fruit Cup and Tea Time…after all, what could be more British than watching the cricket whilst sipping on a cocktail containing actual Yorkshire Tea? Website: https://www.sixescricket.com/ IG: @sixessocialcricket