Following moves by Bristol council to reject a ban on new strip clubs while Edinburgh has introduced a stop on the establishments from April 2023, the subject of their future was the centre of debate on Tuesday’s Good Morning Britain. Joining Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins on the ITV show to debate whether banning strip clubs should be the way forward were former stripper-turned-author Stacey Clare and former Edinburgh councillor Susan Dalgety. However, the debate sparked a furious reaction from those at home who branded it “sexist” and highlighted the hypocrisy given there was no mention of male strip clubs or male-centred adult entertainment practices. During the debate, Stacey argued: “I tend not to get too hung up on this right or wrong, whether it’s a good thing or a bad thing. “The fact is women do do sex work, people do sex work and the real conversation should be, as far as I’m concerned, about safety. “We have to have regulated workplaces, we need to recognise that our jobs are jobs and that we’re workers and we’re entitled to workers’ rights,” Stacey emphasised. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Richard then pointed out Stacey had been quoted as feeling “patronised” and “infantilised” by bans like the one implemented by the Edinburgh council. But when Charlotte put Stacey’s safety concerns to Susan, she argued: “Unfortunately, the majority of the sex industry is underground. “So I think that it’s really important that we build a society where young women and girls feel like they’re not forced into sexual exploitation which is lap-dancing. “It’s sexual entertainment, it’s living pornography, it’s for the titillation of men.” But the pair were clearly at loggerheads with their stance on the issue, as when Richard probed Stacey on whether she felt “forced” or “exploited” by her former line of work, she replied: “No, I didn’t. “I think, unfortunately, the feminist perspective tends to conflate things and say all of it’s the same thing. “But actually coercion and trafficking, that’s violence against women but stripping… I never saw any evidence of trafficking in all the years in the industry.” Stacey then added the sex workers’ union is established to expose any abuse from employers or others within the industry in order to create safer working environments. DON'T MISS:Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmedAntiques Roadshow expert blown away by 'worthless' German Spy FlaskMatt Goss spurns America for UK return 'Don't want to be recluse' “We're not solving any problems by shutting it down,” Stacey emphatically said but Susan argued: “I think what we should be doing is ending demand.” Viewers at home took issue with the debate and Susan’s point of view, in particular, due to the failure to mention the male side of the industry. Sally Price fumed on Twitter: “Very sexist issue...no one bats an eyelid on male strippers! tut tut! #gmb.” While Matt Lee shared his own experience: “#GMB MY 1ST JOB WAS A 'BUTLER IN THE BUFF' and I had the best time of my life as a 22 year old,I never once felt degraded and I f*****g enjoyed it big time so is all this new crap not being a bit sexist by only clossing the bars where woman dance.....bulls**t if you ask me.” Tracy B praised Stacey, commenting: “Well done Stacey on GMB this morning. No-one is advocating trafficking or forced sex work. But those who choose sex work should get protection from employment law, H&S law etc. In total solidarity with you.” While Patricia Lindsay argued: “Why is this discussion only about female sex workers?  What about the number of women who watch male strippers, Butlers in the Buff etc.” And @Sarah06426975 similarly pointed out: “@GMB what about the men that chose to strip and women watch them, is that the same exploitation?" Jennifer Berry then echoed: “The ex council worker and turned journalist has zero clue! Im baffled by what she said! She Didnt even mention men so clearly doesnt think they are in this industry! And stacey should be listened too 100% she knows what she is talking about.” (Sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.