With British football kicking off, a raft of other sport-based competitions are set to dazzle viewers on-screen, including this year's Strictly Come Dancing. A raft of stars have been confirmed to take part in the BBC's much loved dancing show, including BROS singer Matt Gross, Paralympian Ellis Simmonds, and actors Will Mellor and Kym Marsh. The majority of the line-up is still to be announced, and among the surprising names leading the way with bookmakers to take part are the likes of celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay, TV favourite Scarlett Moffatt, and Peter Crouch. The former England football international’s wife, Abbey Clancy, won the competition in 2013. Tony Kenny, Head of Sponsorship PR at William Hill, described how Crouch, known as Crouchy, would "certainly have big boots to fill after" his wife's win "but after being in talks with Strictly bosses last year, he could be up for the challenge". He added: "With more contestants being announced throughout August, we’re waiting to see if other rumours around Gordon Ramsay and Scarlett Moffatt turn out to be true!" Crouch, who played for sides such as Liverpool, Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton, has enjoyed an incredible rise since retiring from the sport in 2019. He is a firm favourite with BT Sports viewers, has led a documentary on investing in a football team and is the host of the popular BBC podcast That Peter Crouch Podcast. The latter has earned him a brilliant reputation for telling anecdotes and seeing the lighter side in life, and by 2020 he was even able to call on royalty to be among the broadcast's guests. Prince William, the future monarch, is well known in the UK for his love of football, regularly spotted at England and Aston Villa matches. Two years ago, he discussed his life with Crouch and the podcast's gang in a special broadcast from Buckingham Palace. JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Height of ignorance' Meghan faces US backlash After the coronavirus pandemic hit, Crouch wanted another update on how William was getting on, and arranged a chat on video service Zoom. Prior to the meeting, Crouch joked: "Do you know what'd I love is, if he [William] popped up, upside down. Straight in. Future King. Upside down." Chris Stark, one of the podcast's co-shots, continued: "We made [Liverpool player] Andy Robertson go and ask his missus to turn the Netflix off, and he actually went and did it. So can we just remember where we are even though we are on Zoom." Crouch interrupted: "Can you imagine we've got to tell Prince William, 'Can you just tell Catherine to turn Netflix off please?'" DON'T MISS:Kate and Prince William to have 'bigger privacy' away from Kensington [ANALYSIS]Booking error patient’s refund relief – The Crusader [COMMENT]Prince George excited for fresh start as royal welcomes major move [INSIGHT] While Crouchy did not make the comments directly to William, the royal and his team would undoubtedly have heard the joke after the podcast went live. In the original broadcast, prior to the coronavirus pandemic, the episode reflected on many aspects of William's life, including his love of football, food and his Heads Up campaign, which aims to support those with mental health issues. He said: "We all have mental health, and we all have to stay mentally fit. "It's a strength to talk about your mental health, it's not a weakness. "You know if you're not feeling well, something's bothering you, talk about it – it's not a problem." The Duke of Cambridge even recalled seeing this with footballers he had met including many who played for the England national side. He added: "Whenever I go into an England team dressing room, there's more pressure, you can feel it. "I don't know what it is but guys find it a bit more difficult to relax. We talk about physical fitness, we all want to go to the gym and stay fit, but we never really talk about mental fitness, and it's the same thing. "We all have mental health, and we all need to stay mentally fit and no more so than professional athletes, who under special circumstances, when you're playing for England under huge pressure, you've got to have your head razor sharp, as well as your feet, your legs all that." That Peter Crouch Podcast is available to stream on BBC Sounds.