Vera is a fan-favourite on ITV and viewers are eagerly awaiting more episodes in the Brenda Blethyn series. In the meantime, writer Paul Matthew Thompson has turned his attention to another crime drama, Ridley. The series stars Adrian Dunbar as the title character and Paul spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about Ridley following in Vera's footsteps. Ridley was filmed in Lancashire and it stars Line of Duty actor Adrian Dunbar as a retired detective. He finds himself working in a consultancy role and resumes a working relationship with his former colleague, DI Carol Farman (Bronagh Waugh). The story will unfold across four episodes, lasting between 90 minutes and two hours. Ridley is in a dark place after losing his family in tragic circumstances, and he needs a vice. Writer Paul said there were some similarities between Vera and Ridley. READ MORE: Vera star details 'special' moment on set with Brenda Blethyn When asked whether he had learned anything from his experience working on Vera, Paul said: "She's a tough act to follow. "There are clear similarities between the two characters in that they are both loners. "Obviously Ridley isn't a loner through choice, he has had all that taken away from him. "They are both fierce, you wouldn't want to mess with them and they don't suffer fools. "But I think the trick is, these stories have to have heart." He said both series incorporate characters that viewers will learn to love and connect with over time. Paul explained how in Vera, many of the scenes are not told from the detective's point of view. He said: "You are never ahead of her, you find out things at the same time she does." What separates the likes of Vera and Ridley is that both characters go above and beyond. Both have a copper's instinct and they are both a cut above the rest. DON'T MISS... Adrian Dunbar: 'We need another Line of Duty!' [INSIGHT] Adrian Dunbar, 'in high spirits', named man of the year [INSIGHT] Brenda Blethyn spotted filming ITV's Vera in Blyth police station [DISCUSSION] Paul added: "You have to care about these wonderful guests, the characters we've got [in Ridley]. "We have got a bereaved wife whose husband was shot, we have got a woman with no name, we have to find out who she is. "What happens with Vera is there are very few scenes that are through Vera's point of view. "You can sneak the odd scene in, but mainly you are there. "What separates [Vera and Ridley] is the fact they have this added thing you can't quite put your finger on. "Which I kind of think is the cogs whirring moment, they act on gut instinct." The official synopsis for Ridley says: "When he's enlisted by Carol as a police consultant on a complex and compelling murder case, the investigation takes a dark and unexpected turn. "Turning to her old mentor for support, Carol is keen to access Ridley’s unique insight into crime-solving which has served them so well in the past. "With more intriguing cases to solve, Ridley will revive his formidable and successful partnership with Carol." The series was inspired by real-life retired detectives re-joining police forces in a consultancy role given increasingly over-stretched resources.  Ridley airs on ITV later this month. Vera will continue on ITV in the near future.