Sadly, scams are becoming more commonplace, and banks are fighting back in efforts to stop them. Lloyds has warned people could be targeted by a free voucher offer, claiming to be from major supermarkets. Individuals could be reeled in by the familiar name, and an offer of getting money off their weekly shop. People could potentially be even more susceptible, given the cost of living crisis. The supposed free voucher offer often pops up on popular social media websites. It can look totally genuine, and often urges people to act by stating the offer is available “today only”. READ MORE: Pensioner slams energy bill increase as ‘absolute disgrace' To secure the so-called voucher, Britons are urged to click on a link and share their personal details. However, Lloyds has confirmed the voucher is simply a “fake”. It added: “There are no vouchers. “And your details could be used to try and defraud you at a later date.” DON'T MISSNS&I releases new savings offer with three percent interest rate [INSIGHT]State pension warning as making key mistake may mean you miss out [UPDATE]Pensioners could secure ‘higher income’ depending on where they live [LATEST] As a result, Britons should take precautions in order to protect themselves and their hard-earned cash. Firstly, individuals should always check a website is safe before they part with their personal details. A lock near to the web address is often a good sign there are protections on the website. Similarly, Lloyds states people should always ignore websites and emails offering free things in direct exchange for personal details. READ MORE: Four traumatic ways you could lose your pension savings in seconds No legitimate company would do this, so it can be a fairly good sign a scam may be taking place. If a person has to register for a website or to enter a competition or quiz, they should check the webpage is safe first. Britons should never click on any links or attachments unless they are aware they are safe. Finally, Lloyds encourages people to tell their friends and family about this scam to protect as many people as possible. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This should particularly be done if a person spots a scam purporting to be from a supermarket they know their friend or family member uses. Lloyds states those who think they may have been targeted by a scam should reach out to their bank or building society straight away. Providers will be able to guide a person on what steps they should be taking next. Individuals can also contact Action Fraud or Police Scotland if they have fallen victim to a scam.