The first episode of Archetypes was released on Spotify earlier this week with the Duchess of Sussex joined by close friend and tennis player Serena Williams. Royal commentator Cele Otnes, Professor Emeritus of Business Administration at the University of Illinois, claimed that Meghan "talked more than her guest" in the long-awaited podcast. The co-author of Royal Fever also questioned the impact of the podcast on Meghan's brand as she and Prince Harry pursue new lives in the US after quitting royal duties. The royal marketing expert told Express.co.uk: "My overall comment is that as the host of the podcast, it was interesting that she talked more than her guest Serena Williams, who clearly has interesting stories of her own to tell. "I'm not sure what the target audience is, or if this is going to contribute much to the building of Meghan's own brand - if a Meghan brand has any appeal with no royal lustre to support it." Meghan's podcast aims to "investigate, dissect and subvert the labels that try to hold women back". In the first episode, she and Serena discussed the double standards women face when they are labelled "ambitious". Opening up on her own experience, Meghan said: "I don't remember ever personally feeling the negative connotation behind the word ambitious until I started dating my now husband." Elsewhere in the episode, the Duchess told how her young son Archie narrowly escaped a fire in his bedroom where he was supposed to be sleeping during the Sussexes' tour of South Africa in 2019. Meghan said: "We came back. And, of course, as a mother, you go, 'Oh, my God, what?' "Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken. "And what do we have to do? Go out and do another official engagement? I said, 'This doesn't make any sense'." Meanwhile, Serena revealed Harry helped her with her decision to retire from tennis. Meghan, who quit the monarchy in 2020, replied: "I think, you know, I think both of us, or the three of us, really know that sometimes the right decision isn't the easiest decision. "It takes a lot of courage, I think, too, to stop something in many ways than to keep going sometimes." The next Archetypes podcast - part of the Sussexes' multimillion-pound deal with Spotify - will feature singer Mariah Carey. It comes as Meghan and Harry are set to return to Britain next month to carry out charity visits. Meanwhile, speculation is high over when the Duke's tell-all book - which was due out later this year - will be released amid reports it has been pushed back as he agonises over whether to include "truth bombs". The couple are living in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet after quitting the monarchy in March 2020.