Erik ten Hag’s desire to land both Antony and Lisandro Martinez has prompted the Glazers into paying £43million more on the pair than originally intended, according to reports. Manchester United have brought in the duo from Ajax. And hopes are high they’ll be big hits at Old Trafford as they rapidly look to climb up the Premier League table. Manchester United made Martinez their third summer signing earlier in the transfer window, with the Argentina international arriving from Ajax in a huge £56.7million deal. And, on Tuesday, they announced Antony would be following suit having agreed to fork out £84m on the Brazil international. Both players are set to be regulars under Ten Hag at Old Trafford as he looks to steer the club to a first Premier League title since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. According to the Telegraph, however, United didn’t initially plan to spend so lavishly on the duo. And it’s claimed the Red Devils have actually spent £43 more on both Antony and Martinez due to Ten Hag’s determination to bring the pair in. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Ultimately, United have decided to place all their faith in their manager. Yet that carries a risk, with the Red Devils previously regretting their decision to give Louis van Gaal so much power during his time in the dugout. Most of Van Gaal’s signings at the club were duds, much to the club’s disappointment. While Ander Herrera, Daley Blind and Sergio Romero did well enough, the likes of Angel Di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Memphis Depay, Morgan Schneiderlin, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Marcos Rojo and Victor Valdes all failed. Luke Shaw remains at the club, but he’s now fallen down Ten Hag’s pecking order amid Tyrell Malacia’s impressive start. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Van Gaal actually later revealed he wanted 10 different players to the ones he was given. Speaking in 2020, he said: "I wanted Robert Lewandowski, but when this proved difficult I tried to get Gonzalo Higuain instead. "Before I had arrived, I also spoke with the board about Neymar. “If you are at United, you have to think big - he was also interesting for the club in terms of selling shirts, and I wanted to have quick wingers. "For that reason, I also tried to get Sadio Mane and Riyad Mahrez. Thomas Muller was on my wish list, too, and in central midfield, I wanted N'Golo Kante. “I even tried to sign James Milner, who was already quite old but very multifunctional and possessed leadership skills. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "For the defence, I wanted Sergio Ramos and Mats Hummels, because ours wasn't the strongest in building from the back. “Those were my top targets, but we couldn't get any of them. I don't know why, because as the manager I wasn't involved in any negotiations. "After I left, players like Mahrez and Kante ended up at Manchester City and Chelsea, while United couldn't get them. I found that very odd." Now, United will be hoping Ten Hag’s judgement is better. Martinez has bounced back from poor showings against Brentford and Brighton by shining in victories over Liverpool and Southampton. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team He looks far more comfortable playing alongside Raphael Varane, having previously been deployed alongside Harry Maguire. And United have high hopes for Antony as well. They feel the Brazil international can become one of the best players in world football, with the Samba star drawing comparisons with Neymar. Until he takes to the field, however, the jury will remain out. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here