Prince Harry and Meghan Markle accused an unnamed royal of raising concerns about how dark their son Archie's skin tone would be before he was born in their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey. The Duke of Sussex later clarified to Oprah Winfrey off camera that it was not the Queen or the Duke of Edinburgh. Tom Bower, author of Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, has since claimed he "hints" at who allegedly made the comment. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Bower said: "I don't think it was a serious conversation. I think it was just one passing mention. "To use that to attack the Royal Family, I thought that was unforgivable. "And unforgivable for Oprah Winfrey not to investigate it further to see about the contradiction between Harry's version and Meghan's version." Host Jo Elvin asked: "Do you imagine a day when we might ever to the bottom of who allegedly said this terrible thing?" READ MORE: Royal fan meltdown over new photos of Charlotte Mr Bower replied: "There are hints in the book. "I won't talk through it, there are hints in the book." After the Sussexes bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Queen said in a statement that the issues raised, including race, would be "addressed by the family privately". The Duke of Cambridge also defended the monarchy against accusations of racism made by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, saying: "We're very much not a racist family." Meghan told Oprah: "In those months when I was pregnant [there were] concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he was born." She explained that the conversations were with Harry who told her about them. Harry added: "That conversation, I am never going to share. "That conversation, I am never going to share." DON'T MISS Princess Charlotte has royal fans gushing as she mimics William [VIDEO]GB News backlash as Levin claims Harry married Meg to be 'like Diana' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles [ANALYSIS] Afterwards, Oprah revealed she was "surprised" Meghan "went all the way there". The US chat show host told Nancy O’Dell’s TalkShopLive streaming show: "I had no idea that it would have the reverberating impact that it has had and continues to have. "Our shared intention was the truth. They wanted to be able to tell their story and tell it in such a way that allowed them to be as truthful as possible. "What makes [an interview] powerful is when you have somebody else who is willing to be as open, as vulnerable, as truthful as they were, so I don’t give myself credit for that."