Other people are making plans you aren’t keen on. You just don’t want to get involved, and it shouldn’t really matter two hoots to others whether you stay or whether you go. Refuse to let anyone encourage you to do something you don’t want to do. You deserve some peace. You can look forward to a fun and relaxing time if you are entertaining at home and know your hospitality is much appreciated. Home is where you most want to be, but if you are invited to a glamorous social event, you won’t want to miss out on this either. You can think of a few ways to spend your time, and none of these includes work and other responsibilities. Just as long as it doesn’t make too much of a dint in your bank balance, you should not receive too many complaints about your lack of commitment to work and family matters.  With you feeling so determined to get on top of everything, you will have managed to clear the decks by this evening. A part of your success will be to insist on getting some jobs done on your own. This is how you work best. Just be sure to meet up with friends as they are expecting at the end of the day. You will happily take over chores that normally fall to someone else to do if you notice they are struggling. With you feeling so definitely the initiator, your family and workmates will be relieved to allow you to take charge. While you take on extra duties, this will allow others to have more time to call their own. Someone close is in high spirits, and they aren’t likely to give you any peace. Neighbours are in the mood to gossip, and friends hope to include you in their plans to have fun. You might tell everyone you could do with some quiet time alone, but they aren’t likely to listen.  You’re up to your eyes in a do-it-yourself project. Some unexpected help or advice from a neighbour will make the going far more effortless. The attention and care you have been putting into a close relationship that has been a little rocky will now be rewarded. You are about to enter a more harmonious phase. A work project may hit a few snags, but these can be overcome. So, no matter what you might be feeling inside, give others the impression you know precisely what you are doing. People will look to you for guidance. Strive to present a quietly confident air. A trip you hadn’t been looking forward to will be more enjoyable than anticipated when you could meet with romance if you are single. If you are in a committed relationship and joint plans are set underway, you could be on your way to achieving a part of your heart’s desire.  Good news will be received from family abroad. They could be planning on visiting you soon. Conversations, later on, will be fascinating as you hear about something from your childhood that was kept secret from you. This will give you a lot to consider this evening. The need to cope with some extra expenditures you had not anticipated or expected will cause you to reassess your earning ability. This has left you short of funds, and you might consider taking on extra work or borrowing money. Only do the latter after a lot of careful consideration. If you recently fell out with a friend or neighbour and you miss their company, it may be time to make up and put this misunderstanding behind you. A partner wants to make sweeping changes, and although you are inspired by their enthusiasm, you will want to consider all angles before burning your bridges. 