Vernon Kay defended former Loose Women Jane McDonald when This Morning guest Tom Swarbrick hit out at the singer’s musical talent. The Morning View panel were discussing a story about a 76-year-old man who has been “driven around the bend” after his car’s CD player broke and would only play one song by Jane. Rochelle, explaining 76-year-old John’s predicament, said: “Jane McDonald is stuck on my car’s CD player.” “She’s not sat on it,” Vernon joked. “Poor Jane,” Tom quipped. “She’s stuck to the CD player.” Rochelle continued: “[John] has been driven around the bend after his CD player broke and would only play one song by former Loose Women Jane McDonald.” Read more: This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves Suggesting a possible solution for the driver, Tom quipped: “Scrap the car.” “No, sorry that’s not fair of me,” the This Morning guest added. Immediately hitting back, Vernon warned: “Oh, you are done for. It’s game over.” Moving the conversation on, Rochelle noted John looked “very proud of himself” in a picture of the 76-year-old in his car. “What song would get you if it was stuck on repeat?” Rochelle asked. This Morning guest Kate Quilton replied: “I tell you what actually it sounds a little bit like my car because I’ve got a four-year-old who sits in the back and says, ‘Can I have this one on repeat?’” “And it’s on repeat for days,” she added. Rochelle and Vernon presented This Morning this week while Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby enjoy their summer break. DON'T MISSJohn Barnes slams calls to scrap taking the knee  [INTERVIEW]'Let me finish!' Kate Garraway shut down as Tory MP backs Truss [VIDEO]Simon McCoy savages Rebekah Vardy 'Zero grace and dignity' [INTERVIEW] Earlier in the week, Vernon and guest Gyles Brandreth walked off the set after discussing research on women being better drivers than men. Rochelle explained: “The research took place at a Newcastle university and they tested 33 women and 43 men driving on a simulator which aims to replicate the conditions car users will face on the road.” A This Morning guest said: “Well, I think that’s just telling us something we knew already knew which is women are safer drivers.” “Better footballers,” Vernon interjected. As Rochelle and the This Morning guest praised the research, Gyles felt it was time to leave. “Shall we go?” Gyles asked Vernon as he got up from the sofa and walked away. Getting up, Vernon said to Rochelle: “Call Marvin, meet us in the pub. Over to you.” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.