Packing can be a pain, especially if you want to take a lot of clothes and they won't all fit in your bag. Megan Watkins, head stylist at SilkFred has shared her best packing hacks to make the experience easier, enabling you to put everything in one, affordable carry-on bag. Budget airlines often charge high prices for checked bags, and an even bigger fee if you arrive at the airport with oversized hand luggage, and so it's best to fit everything in one bag. Megan's top tip? "It's all about packing lightweight items, which, for summer packing, is perfect," the stylist said. "For me, the essentials are: an oversized linen shirt you can wear as a beach cover up or over shorts in the evening, a long floaty dress, perfect for covering sunburn or glamming up in an evening, and two pairs of shoes. "Flip flops or sandals and one dressier pair. Trust me, you won't miss your others." READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'avoid' 2 types of trousers to get free upgrade It is worth wearing your chunkier, heavier clothes and shoes to board the plane so you have more space in your bag for other garments and shoes. Megan went on to advise investing in packing cubes, designed to compartmentalise and organise your items. "They are the holiday essential you never knew you needed," she said. The stylist recommended buying packing cubes from either Awaytravel.com or Aeroliteluggage.co.uk. DON'T MISS: Flight attendant on suitcase packing hack to 'save maximum space' [COMMENT]Passport warning: 'Most important' rule change since Brexit [INSIGHT]Pilot share top packing item - 'your best friend' [EXPLAINER] They are also available to buy on Amazon. It is also worth repurposing bags to organise outfits, according to Megan. Holidaymakers can use supermarket plastic bags or online shopping package to separate their clothing into compartments in their bag. The stylist said: “Reusing your old online shopping bags is a great hack to keep things organised. "They can also double up brilliantly in your pool bag if you're going from beach to bar - simply pop your wet swimwear in the bag and you won’t be dampening your holiday read.” Using vacuum-pack bags is also a good idea. Although they won’t help you with luggage weight limits, they will save you significant space. Megan recommended: "If you're opting for this hack, it's worth checking ahead of time if your hotel has an iron. If not, I can't live without my travel steamer. "However, if space is a concern, simply hang your most creased items in the bathroom when you’re taking a shower - the steam will make those creases drop out in no time." Lastly, Megan advised using Apple AirTags when travelling. "We've all seen the video of the stranded luggage at Heathrow airport and experienced full body shivers at the thought of our cases being within the streams of bags," the stylist said. "However, savvy TikTokkers have shown us that owning an Apple Airtag is simply a must. "Place it in a case and you'll know exactly where it is should it go missing."