Author Angela Levin reacted to the new documentary series about Princess Diana which aired on Channel 4 on Sunday evening. She was asked to voice her opinions on the four-part series about the beloved princess on Monday's instalment of GB News. Angela felt it was unfair on the Royal Family to have Diana's death brought back up and then sensationally claimed her youngest son, Prince Harry, has "tried to take his mother for himself".  Investigating Diana: Death in Paris examines the full story of two police investigations into the princess' tragic death in 1997. The documentary series has been released a week before the 25th anniversary of her untimely death following a fatal car crash in the French capital. Royal biographer Angela appeared on Monday's instalment of GB News to reflect on the in-depth series. She discussed how the princess reportedly "predicted her own death" ahead of the horror crash. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family  Angela claimed: "I think she was very temperamental and very unwell mentally at the time. "She was frightened as she thought Prince William was being [monitored] by these people and asked to tell people things. Angela branded the situation "sort of a mess" as she continued to reflect on Diana's final days. When Angela was asked about the Channel 4 documentary, she replied: "I felt it was wrong to do that, I thought we should have compassion for the Queen, particularly for William and Harry.  "Perhaps even more so for William because Prince Harry has sort of tried to take his mother for himself now. "She is always watching him and helping him where he said she's finished with William because she showed him what to do." Angela thought it was "very painful" but said watching the documentary was "a piece of history" in itself. "It's very serious, and it is done sensibly so far," Angela concluded on the documentary. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family [LATEST]Meghan Markle blasted over emotional Harry comment [UPDATE]Queen braces as 3 bombshell books to rock Royal Family this autumn [INSIGHT] The investigation into Diana's death, Operation Paget, lasted for three years and it involved more than 100 witnesses. The fatal car crash also killed Diana's companion Dodi Fayed and the driver Henri Paul. More than a decade after her death, a jury decided she had been unlawfully killed by "grossly negligent driving of the following vehicles [the paparazzi] and of the Mercedes driver Henri Paul". Despite the official verdict, many still believe in conspiracy theories which surround the fatal car crash.  Lord John Stevens, who was the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police at the time of the injury, broke his silence on the operation for the documentary. He told This Morning viewers last week: "With an inquiry like that some people are going to be glad you are doing what you are doing, but when the outcome is out you, know you are not going to be able to please everybody." He added: "I just hope, at the end of the day, people understand we did a really good job and worked very hard under immense pressures."  Investigating Diana: Death in Paris is now available to watch on All4. 