Chelsea's plans to announce the signing of Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana have emerged after agreeing a £75million deal on Friday. Fofana will become Thomas Tuchel's seventh summer signing, totalling the Blues' transfer window expenditure at around £191m with five days remaining. After drawn-out negotiations and multiple rejected bids, Chelsea finally found a breakthrough in their pursuit of the 21-year-old centre-back earlier this week. And supporters won't have to wait long to watch the club officially unveil their latest big-money arrival. According to L'Equipe, Fofana is set to undergo his Chelsea medical on Sunday, one day after Tuchel's 10-man side defeated Leicester City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge. The France U21 international unsurprisingly didn't feature for the Foxes after spending the week training away from Brendan Rodgers' first team. The report adds that Fofana will be announced as the Blues' new signing on Monday once he has signed a six-year contract in west London. Details of Chelsea's intentions remain to be seen, but it won't be long until they celebrate capturing one of Europe's most exciting young defenders. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo agent makes 'assurance' to Napoli about Osimhen  Fofana will become the joint-second most expensive defender in football history alongside Liverpool general Virgil van Dijk and behind £80m Manchester United captain Harry Maguire. He also only trails Romelu Lukaku, who returned in a £97.5m deal last summer, in the list of Chelsea's biggest-ever signings. Tuchel will be delighted to get the signing over the line after his eagerness to sufficiently replace Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger, who left Chelsea on free transfers this summer. Fofana and fellow new boy Kalidou Koulibaly join Thiago Silva, Cesar Azpilicueta and Trevoh Chalobah as centre-back options. READ MORE: Tottenham helping Nottingham Forest make 18th signing  Chelsea have been busy this summer, with new owner Todd Boehly aiming to make a splash in his first transfer window at the helm. The Blues have also sanctioned deals for Marc Cucurella (£63m), Raheem Sterling (£50m), Koulibaly (£34m), Carney Chukwuemeka (£20m), Gabriel Slonina and Cesare Casadei (both £12m). Tuchel still wants to add a forward to his ranks, with talks ongoing for Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Chelsea are also linked with Frenkie de Jong, but a midfielder isn't at the top of the German boss' priorities in what promises to be a hectic final five days of the summer across the Premier League. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here