Olivia Newton-John died this morning aged 73, surrounded by her family and friends, after battling cancer three times since 1992. Her daughter, Chloe Lattanzi, 36, took to Instagram just three days ago to share a heartwarming message to her mother as she paid tribute to her "best friend". Olivia's death was announced this evening on her social media pages with her family asking for donations to the Olivia Newton-John Foundation instead of sending flowers. Her daughter, Chloe, took to Instagram on Friday to share a loving snap of herself and her mother along with a sweet message. Chloe posed next to her mother in a white mini dress, while Olivia stunned in a maxi pleated skirt and a cropped white shirt. She captioned the snap in view of her 33,800 followers: "I worship this woman. My mother. My best friend. @therealonj." READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Many social media users took to the posts comments at the time to admire the mother and daughter's close bond. Onjquotes said: "Absolutely gorgeous, the close bond you both share is unbreakable and so adorable. Sending so much love to you both." Annabeckwith added: "Thank you for this lovely post!!! You both look fantastic!!! "Sending all my love to you and your mum! She's been my role model since I was a child! God bless you both!!! Lots of love and kisses!!!" Lisaam7 commented: "Many of us do!! Hope she is doing well and you're both enjoying your time together! Sending much love to you both!" This comes after it was announced this evening on Olivia's social media pages that she had passed away from breast cancer. The statement read: "Dame Olivia Newton-John (73) passed away peacefully at her Ranch in Southern California this morning, surrounded by family and friends. "We ask that everyone please respect the family’s privacy during this very difficult time. DON'T MISS... Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [INSIGHT] Kevin Bacon unveils ageless appearance just days before sad loss [HOLLYWOOD] Naga Munchetty hits back as she's branded 'most annoying person on TV' [OPINION] "Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer. "Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer. "In lieu of flowers, the family asks that any donations be made in her memory to the @onjfoundation." The statement continued: "Olivia is survived by her husband John Easterling; daughter Chloe Lattanzi; sister Sarah Newton-John; brother Toby Newton-John; nieces and nephews Tottie, Fiona and Brett Goldsmith; Emerson, Charlie, Zac, Jeremy, Randall, and Pierz Newton-John; Jude Newton-Stock, Layla Lee; Kira and Tasha Edelstein; and Brin and Valerie Hall. "Via John Easterling, husband, Olivia Newton-John." After being diagnosed with breast cancer in the early 1990s, Olivia became a leading advocate for cancer research. Her efforts in the field were recognised by Queen Elizabeth, who named her a Dame in 2020 New Year's Honours list. Since the news of Olivia's death broke, Chloe has posted a compilation of snaps of herself and her mother on Instagram through the years, paying tribute. The singer did not include a caption, instead letting the heartfelt pictures talk for themselves.