Although snoring is very common, and can be just a harmless act, there are some cases where it may point to sleep apnea. Sleep apnea is when one’s airways become temporarily blocked as they sleep, meaning they could stop breathing. People with sleep apnea could be eligible to receive this cash boost via Personal Independence Payments (PIP). PIP is a benefit paid to people with long-term physical or mental health conditions or disabilities. Sleep apnea is linked to obesity, having a large neck, getting older, other family members having the condition, smoking, alcohol, having large tonsils and sleeping on your back. Symptoms mainly happen while someone is sleeping but it can see individuals stop breathing, waking up a lot, making choking noises or loud snoring. READ MORE: Family on Universal Credit 'don't have single penny spare' - 'it'll keep getting worse' The amount someone can receive from the DWP depends on the condition they are living with and how severe it is. A number of so-called "hidden health conditions" make people eligible for the money including anxiety, depression, diabetes and hearing loss - as well as snoring, or sleep apnea. PIP is paid every four weeks. This amounts to between £97.80 and £627.60 every payment period. How much PIP someone gets depends on how difficult they find: READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance claimants risk losing £370 a month by failing to report changes to DWP The daily living component is for extra help with everyday tasks such as preparing food, washing, getting dressed or communicating with other people. The mobility component is for the extra help people may need for getting around and includes things such as moving, planning a journey or following a route Each component can be paid at either a standard or enhanced rate. Daily living support Mobility support When calling to start a new claim, Britons will need the following information. You’ll need to give the following information: As the cost of living crisis continues, many Britons are urged to check what benefits they may be entitled to or what help is available. Any extra cash should be vital for families on low incomes. More than £8,000 a year is available in state benefits to people who have certain health conditions. If people qualify for PIP, they’ll also get the £150 cost of living payment.