Google searches for "kitchen home improvement" have risen by 4,545 percent in the last year, with homeowners finding this room getting even more use than pre-pandemic. Estate agent Foxtons believes a great kitchen can add 10 percent to the value of your property, while a study by Magnet found a kitchen renovation budget of £11,000 can add over five percent. But it's important to make sure you’re investing in the right places. So, what should you do to avoid devaluing your property? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ruth Lavender, design expert at Benchmarx Kitchens, highlighted key features that are known to devalue a property. She said: “Dated decor and materials, such as orange-toned oak seen in old kitchen cabinetry, can devalue your property massively. “Painted finishes, particularly white, cream and grey are more in vogue, and can therefore help boost the value of your house. “Unusual or unworkable layouts can also bring the value of a property down, especially as home buyers are increasingly looking for convenient, open-plan and airy spaces.” If a kitchen is cramped or an awkward design, it can be hard for buyers to see the potential of the space – resulting in the price of remedial work being factored into a valuation, or indeed less interest as a whole. READ MORE: ‘Kitchen faux pas’ to avoid when designing space - ‘huge impact’ A lack of kitchen storage can “quickly” knock the price of a property, according to the designer. She explained: “Buyers are looking for a space that is going to work for them, and if the present storage solutions aren’t maximised, or are lacking completely, this is likely to deter some buyers, as work will need to be done to ensure the property meets their needs.” Bad workmanship is also one of the most common reasons why a house can lose its value. Ruth said: “Uneven floors, badly wired electrics and poorly fitted kitchen units, can all impact the property’s value, especially if they are deemed as unsafe or a hazard.” The expert explained that these features have a huge effect on house prices as kitchens often “make or break” how a potential homeowner sees themselves living in the property. DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [INSIGHT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [TIPS] She said: “If they can’t imagine themselves cooking a family meal, hosting friends and family, or working from home in the kitchen, it could put them off making an offer completely. “Fitting a new kitchen will cost the new homeowner time and money, so this will be taken into consideration when submitting an offer on a property. If a lot of work is required, sellers should expect to see offers reflect this." So how much can be lost on a sale through undesirable kitchen features? Ruth answered: “It can be hard to put an exact figure on how much money could be lost as a result of undesirable kitchen features. “However, in the worst-case scenario, if the kitchen is a dealbreaker to potential buyers, a sale could be lost entirely. READ MORE: Kitchen trends to avoid right now - ‘you’ll resent it’ “Fitting a new kitchen can help to fast-track the sale of your property and provide an effective return on investment." The expert noted: “Often, a well-thought-out design can add thousands of pounds to the value of a property, making it well worthwhile if you’re considering selling in the near future.” To minimise the risk of losing value when selling a home, Ruth advised choosing a well-thought-out design that offers a workable space for any family. She said: “Consider how the area will be used, as now more than ever, kitchens are multi-functional spaces where families not only cook and prepare meals, but work from home, entertain friends and family and much more.” Split-level work surfaces, seating nooks and maximised storage are all “desirable features” as they provide that multi-functional element that many buyers are craving, says the kitchen pro. These features can add value to the property, especially if the property does not have a home office or dining room, as the kitchen provides a truly workable solution. Ruth also recommended going for a neutral yet stylish decor when updating a kitchen with the goal of selling as it provides the potential buyer with an opportunity to make it their own with their own furniture and accessories, without having to factor in a previous owner’s bold scheme. She added: “I’d also recommend ensuring the kitchen complements the overall style of the house. If the rest of your property is traditional, you may want to opt for a shaker kitchen, such as those in our Marlow and Cambridge ranges. Slab designs, such as our Eton or Nordica collections, can better suit a more contemporary scheme.” While many think adding the most kitchen features as possible to their cooking space will increase its value, this couldn’t be further from the truth. Ruth warned: “Don’t overfill the space to try to create the ‘wow’ factor. Keep accessories and features to a minimum but ensure what you do choose illustrates the potential of the space.”