 Princess Alexandra will visit the Wigtown Show to mark the Centenary of the Belted Galloway Cattle Society on Wednesday. Held in Bladnoch Park near Newton Stewart, the Wigtown Show is South West Scotland's oldest agricultural show and features lots of trade, craft and food exhibitors and a large turnout of livestock, particularly Belted Galloway cattle for this year's milestone celebrations. The Queen’s cousin has been the Royal Patron of the society for decades.  Alexandra is the daughter of Prince George, Duke of Kent — the younger brother of King George VI — and Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark, making her the Queen’s first cousin. She has been a dedicated working royal, supporting and representing the Queen, for the best part of 60 years. The two royals are said to be very close and have been that way since childhood. And unearthed reports have claimed that both women went through similar heartbreak as young princesses. READ MORE: Princess Alexandra's daughter Marina begged 'dear cousin Lilibet' for help over abortion  It is well-known that Queen Elizabeth II lost her father suddenly when she was just 25 years old. Though George VI had been suffering from poor health for some time, his death in February 1952 came as a great shock. Of course, this tragic event also thrust then-Princess Elizabeth into her new role as monarch. But perhaps lesser-known is the tragedy Alexandra faced as an even younger princess.  Back in August 1942, when she was just five years old, Alexandra’s father died in a plane crash. Prince George had boarded a Royal Air Force flying boat in Scotland, headed to Iceland. Tragically, the aircraft crashed on Eagle’s Rock, a hillside near Dunbeath in the far north of Scotland, killing all on board except for one person. Aged 39, and only a few months shy of his 40th birthday, the Duke of Kent left behind his wife Marina and their three children — Alexandra, Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Prince Michael of Kent. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [BLOG]Kate and Prince William blasted as ‘out of touch’ monarchists [INSIGHT]Charlotte tipped for Wembley appearance as Lionesses roar on to final [INFO]  George’s death was shrouded in mystery with all records of the incident either “lost” or sealed. There has been speculation about the nature of the trip, with some suggesting that it was some sort of “secret mission”. And though ruled an accident, theories on the tragedy included the prince being murdered by British intelligence amid fears his lifestyle was going to be exposed. In public, George was a handsome war hero, one half of a popular, glamorous royal couple and a devoted father to three young children.  At the time of Edward VIII’s abdication, six years earlier, it was thought in court circles that he might succeed the throne in preference to his elder brother Bertie, who became King George VI. However, privately, the Duke of Kent was once addicted to cocaine and morphine and engaged in several affairs with men and women. While the popular royal’s death was a shock to the nation, according to a royal biographer, a funeral for the prince was “hastily arranged” just four days later and “no public memorial was erected in memory of him – no statue, no official biography, no charity bearing his name.”  Christopher Wilson has questioned whether the Firm’s “cover-up” was because George had secretly smuggled a female lover on board. Writing for the Daily Mail in 2021, Mr Wilson said: “During the war, it was forbidden for women to fly on operational missions.  “It would be unlikely – given their precious and important Royal cargo – that any crew member would have smuggled a girlfriend aboard the plane. “Therefore, if there was a woman aboard, she had to be there at the invitation of the Duke. Given his well-documented track record of serial infidelity, that would come as no great surprise.” He quoted Arthur Baker, who told him he’d been “part of the RAF search-and-rescue team sent to retrieve the bodies on Eagle’s Rock that hot August afternoon.”  Mr Baker said he had found a woman’s body at the site of the crash was ordered to “cover her up quick and get her away.’ He was later told to “speak to nobody” about “what you’ve seen here.” Twenty-six years after his death, George’s body was moved from St. George’s Chapel, where the funeral was held and where he was buried, to Frogmore House.  The site of his death on Eagle’s Rock is marked with a simple white cross, a memorial that George VI visited privately the following year. But Mr Wilson claimed that “all evidence of the accident had been removed, with heather replanted and turf relaid to expunge the horrors of that day.” The mystery surrounding Alexandra’s father’s death still remains almost 80 years later. Alexandra and her brothers have not spoken publicly about the tragic incident. Christopher Wilson turned the incident into a novel, adding his own belief about what actually happened. ‘Burying The Crown’ was written by T P Fielden and was published in 2021 by Thomas & Mercer. You can purchase it here.