Last month, Rob Harcourt, from Stockton, was seriously hurt after he tripped and fell into a trampoline whilst at a friend's house. The scaffolder suffered a dislocated neck and kinked spinal cord following the fall, and doctors believed Rob would be paralysed from the chest down. However, he has since suffered a cardiac arrest and underwent major surgery after doctors found fluid in his brain, remaining in the intensive care unit since he was admitted to James Cook University Hospital. After being taken off sedation following the surgery, Rob was able to move his eyes, TeessideLive reports. However, Rob was unable to wake up, with his family now learning he will not be able to recover. At the time of his accident, a gofundme page was launched by friend Amanda Jones in the hopes of raising funds for Rob and his girlfriend, Jade, to help with his recovery once he returned from hospital. Despite meeting their £6,000 goal, Rob's brother, Alan, posted the tragic update: "I’m afraid we have some really really sad news. The consultants have today confirmed that Rob will not recover."His close friends and family have been invited to say their goodbyes. The doctors will then remove his tracheotomy and he will pass peacefully surrounded and wrapped in love by his first and last love - his mum and his partner."Our thoughts are with Rob Jackie and Jade. Please keep them in your prayers x" Although Alan and Amanda have never met Rob in person due to living in Wales, they felt they needed to do something following the news. Amanda explained that the page was set up to help Rob's partner Jade and their children whilst Rob has been fighting in hospital. Previously speaking to Teesside Live, Amanda said: "Considering we started off with a target of £1,000, I've just kept upping it and upping it, so that's going really well. Because of the GoFundMe and the generosity of everybody, Jade has been able to focus on what she needs to do to get through each day. "[She does not] have to worry about where the money for the rent is coming or money for the electric. It's given her a little bit of breathing room to be able to focus on what she needs to do to be there for Rob and support herself and get herself through it."  Messages of support and donations for the family have poured in following Alan's sad update, with Amanda saying they are all 'completely devastated' that nothing more can be done for Rob. One comment said that Rob is a 'wonderful character' and 'a pillar for the Grove Hill community'; with others sending on their thoughts and prayers to Rob's family including Jackie and Jade. To donate to their gofundme page, click here.