Netflix’s highly acclaimed historical drama The Last Kingdom came to an end in March after keeping fans enthralled for five seasons. Following the finale, the stars have reunited to support a charity and take part in the 2022 Wildlife Ranger Challenge. Taking to Instagram, Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon posted a video asking fans to send in questions for an upcoming Q&A. In the clip, he stated: “It is time for the Wildlife Ranger Challenge 2022, I’m going to be supporting this wonderful cause once again with Mark [Rowley], Arnas [Fedaravičius] and the whole of the Arseling Army. “On September 17th we’re going to be running in support of Africa’s Wildlife Rangers. “Until then we’re going to be training hard to get in top shape and by we, I mean everyone except Arnas because Arnas was born in top shape.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers The actor continued to ask fans to post any fitness questions in the comment section. The 2022 edition marks the third time Alexander will take place in the Wildlife Ranger Challenge. It will consist of a half marathon which will take place around the world to support the rangers in Africa’s most protected areas. Alongside Alexander, Mark Rowley who starred as Finan and Arnas Fedaravičius who played Sihtric will also take part in the challenge.   The Wildlife Ranger Challenge aims to raise money and awareness to aid the demanding roles of the ranger who defend Africa’s most at-risk animals. His 1.3 million followers were excited to see the actor passionate about the charity event and took to his comments with thousands of questions. As well as quizzing Alexander about fitness, @nicolezaagman praised the actor and wrote: “This is so cool!!” Whereas his co-star and fellow challenger Arnas joked about his fitness level and commented: “I was simply born this way.”  DON'T MISS...Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom film: Will Uhtred and Eadith get together? [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon 'excited' by sweet Uhtred tribute [INSIGHT]  Despite being on screens since 2010, Alexander shot to fame after landing the lead role as Uhtred Ragnarsson on Netflix’s The Last Kingdom. The show followed the character as he journeyed to reclaim the land of Bebbanburg. Uhtred was born a Saxon nobleman but raised among Danes and he felt a constant push-pull because he was torn between the warring cultures. However, after Uhtred discovered his ancestral home of Bebbanburg he fought to reclaim the nation, which was his birthright.     As the show came to an end earlier this year viewers watched as Uhtred was able to make his way to Bebbanburg. However, the show’s upcoming sequel film Seven Kings Must Die will bring an official end to his journey. Alexander revealed filming for the two-hour film has finished and it is expected to be released on screens in 2023. Both instalments will be the onscreen adaptation of Bernard Cornwell's novel, The Saxon Stories. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix   