Emma Raducanu was forced to call the physio after losing the first set of her opening match at the US Open. The defending champion dropped the only set of her career in Flushing Meadows to Alize Cornet and received attention for blisters on her hands - the same injury that ended her Australian Open run in January. Raducanu lost a set at the US Open for the first time in her career as she began her title defence against in-form Cornet. The 11th seed started the match with a break of serve but ended up dropping the opener 6-3 after 51 minutes as both players struggled in the windy conditions on Louis Armstrong Stadium. After losing the first set to the world No 40, the 19-year-old was forced to call the physio to the court during the changeover in between sets. And Raducanu immediately received attention for blistering on her hand, with her fingers already covered in tape. The British No 1 had been struck down by severe blistering at the start of the season as she was barely able to grip her racket during her three-set loss to Danka Kovinic in the Australian Open second round back in January, and later revealed that she ignored pleas from her team who advised her not to take to the court. JUST IN: Venus dodges retirement question hours after Serena 'vague' on future  But the medical attention didn't appear to pay off, as Raducanu was then broken to start the second set of her opening match against Cornet though managed to break back and went on to win 6-3, 6-3 to dump out the defending champion. The world No 11 had ended a practice session last week ahead of the US Open and later returned with strapping on her right wrist, but later shrugged off injury concerns when asked about it during her pre-tournament press. "Every tennis player has strapping everywhere," she told BBC Sport after the interrupted hit. "There’s nothing major - it’s just temporary stuff, like I would tape a blister." But it now appears the blistering could be worse than expected, with Raducanu's title defence in danger. DON'T MISSCam Norrie has no sympathy for Benoit Paire after US Open thrashingNorrie's US Open opponent responds to accusations he 'tanked' matchMedvedev questions if law 'makes sense' after Djokovic's US Open ban  Raducanu announced herself on the world stage when she became the first qualifier in history to win a Grand Slam title at the US Open last year. Then aged just 18 and ranked down at world No 150, she failed to drop a set through ten matches en route to her first - and so far only - title. The world No 11 is defending 2,000 ranking points this fortnight as a result of last year's win, and could drop outside of the world's top 80 with a first-round defeat.