Scarlette Douglas rose to fame on the travel property programme A Place in the Sun seven years ago. Ever since joining the team, the expert has helped several house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. However, in her recent social media post, Scarlette confirmed Wednesday's instalment would be her last ever show.  Sharing a video of her time on the programme, Scarlette wrote: "After 7 years, my final ever episode of @aplaceinthesun airs today at 3pm! "It’s the end of an era! I hope you’ve enjoyed my outfits, my crazy shoes, funky hairstyles & fun personality! "I’m sure the repeats will keep on coming but there’s plenty of other goodness coming your way!" (sic) Scarlette's Twitter followers were quick to reply to the presenter's news, with many sending their messages of congratulations. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Others were gutted to see the property expert leaving the show. Scarlette's co-star, Fran wrote: "Oh no! Thoroughly enjoyed doing the show with you 5 years ago." (sic) Ashley Andrews penned: "Congratulations can’t wait to see what you do next x x." (sic) While Jackie Evans added: "That’s a shame Scarlette, have enjoyed your presenting (and outfits!) on A Place in the Sun, but also loving watching Worst House on The Street with your Brother." "Good luck Scarlette love your outfits you were great on @aplaceinthesun good luck in the future," Gemma Walling tweeted. (sic) Ryan went on to add: "The program won’t be the same without you. Good luck and all the best in your future projects." Earlier this year, Scarlette teamed up with her brother Stuart for two more Channel 4 property programmes. The siblings made their debut with Flipping Fast, before more recently launching another makeover show called Worst House on the Street. DON'T MISS...'Shame on BBC!' Radio 2 listeners 'appalled' by Paul O'Grady departure [REACTION]Richard Madeley announces break from Good Morning Britain [VIDEO]Countryfile slammed by viewers over format shake-up 'Woke nonsense' [INSIGHT] Scarlette has also filmed another property programme abroad called My Dream Derelict Home in the Sun. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Scarlette opened up about her hectic filming schedule. She went on to admit that everything got a bit too much at one point and she had a "meltdown" over her workload. "In September 2020, I flew out to film A Place in the Sun and I was away for four months," the expert said. "It was September through to December and I was filming both shows.  "I was going from one [show] to another, doing six-hour drives by myself across France and Spain at nighttime in the fog, rain and glaring sunshine. "It was probably one of the hardest things I've ever done."  She added: "When I looked at my diary for this year and at the end of last year I had a bit of a burnout," she admitted. "I had a bit of a meltdown. "I thought, 'I don't know how I'm going do this', but by the grace of God and a lot of vitamins... a lot of water, it is kind of getting me through."  A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.