The Cambridges are due to move to a Grade II-listed four-bedroom house on Windsor’s private park to allow their children more space when they start their new school next month. Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Princes Louis will attend Lambrook school near Ascot in Berkshire on September 8. Adelaide Cottage is not the only property the Cambridges own: they will retain their 20-room Kensington Palace in central London, as well as their 10-bedroom country mansion in Norfolk, Anmer Hall. The family have a fourth holiday home on the Queen’s Balmoral estate, in Scotland. This suggests the family’s sheer wealth and freedom, which Graham Smith, chief executive of Republic, has labelled as out of touch. Republic is a pressure group that campaigns for an elected head of state. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls Mr Smith said: “While ordinary households are struggling with their energy bills and facing crippling inflation, why are we giving yet another home to William and Kate? This is disgraceful. “All these palatial homes require round-the-clock protection, heating and staffing.” Adelaide Cottage is a gift to the Cambridges from the Queen, who has given permission for William and Kate to lease it from the Crown Estate. They will be paying market value rent using their own private funds. DON'T MISS: How to remove toilet limescale using 'cheap and effective' method [REVEAL]Four ‘effective’ and ‘natural’ ways to deter pigeons from your garden [EXPERT]Grow ‘vigorous’ lavender plants by avoiding three biggest mistakes [TIPS] Built in 1831, the exterior of the property appears largely unchanged since the 19th century. It is large – bigger than a cottage, unlike what its name suggests – and has a garden. Suzanne Roynon, at Interior Therapist, previously told Express.co.uk: “William and Kate clearly value their privacy and want their children, George, Charlotte and Louis to have a wonderful, safe and happy childhood.” Meanwhile, a source told the Sun that the property is “modest”, adding: “Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. “They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. “The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte and Louis to school together locally.” Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine, also claimed the move will greatly benefit in the family in terms of privacy and security. He said: “Relocating to Adelaide Cottage in the ultra-private Home Park at Windsor takes away the ‘goldfish-bowl’ aspect of the Cambridge family’s life. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace is perfect in so many ways but the Duke and Duchess and their children are unable to come and go as they might like or take advantage of the of the nearby London parks because of the ever-present privacy issues.” Mr Little added: “It also means that the cost of security, always a contentious topic, is much lower than if Louis was at a different school to his siblings.” The Crown Estate, which owns property worth around £14.4billion, is land and property owned by the sovereign, but not in the private possession of the Queen. It is not managed by the Queen, but its income does have some bearing on how much money she is given each year. Under the Sovereign Grant funding formula, which pays for costs such as royal household salaries, official travel and the upkeep of royal palaces, the Queen receives a percentage of the Crown Estate profits for her official expenditure.