Harry Lay, 36, who relies on a food bank to feed his family, explained that his family has been left “in despair” due to rising household and food costs. Despite new figures released today showing inflation in the UK had hit a record highs of 10.1 percent, the news comes as "no surprise" to Harry as he has been noticing the effects of price rises for years already. The Office for National Statistics data revealed that the UK inflation rate is the highest it's been since 1982, at 10.1 percent. Harry, a former soldier from Cricklade, Wiltshire, lives in social housing and the family receives Universal Credit, but they still struggle to make ends meet each month. He said he and wife Kittie, 36, have no idea how to afford their kids' new school uniforms before September. Harry said that his situation is "the reality for millions of others”. READ MORE: State pension age predicted to rise to 68 earlier than expected - are you affected?  "We don't have a single penny spare, not even down the back of the sofa - I once had to choose between buying loo roll or cooking oil. "Any second we do have some money, it goes on the kids, and we're back to nothing again. "Thanks to the food bank, we do get by, but then there are lots of people in even worse situations than us. This isn't going to be the worst of it - it doesn’t feel like there is an end in sight." Harry and Kittie moved into their housing association property in mid-2020 with their three children and the costs quickly began to rise after that. During winter, the couple are forced to chose between buying food and keeping their children warm thanks to soaring oil prices. READ MORE: Woman breaks down in tears after losing 'last bit of money she had' in cruel scam Rising prices of food, electric, fuel and school supplies such as school uniforms have left the family with nothing - with them even relying on food banks to help with the essentials. School uniforms are one of many things they have tried to cut costs on to stay afloat after Harry had to take time away from work due to his mental health. Harry continued: "I know from experience it’s not just the physical form of not having money to survive that makes it hard, it’s the mental health problems that come with that. It's a struggle on a daily basis.” He explained that he is “embarrassed” by his house as a lot of the furniture is second hand and the floors are half done as he “can’t afford to cover it”. He added: “We struggle with things others take for granted." Sadly Harry believes this is only the beginning as inflation already exceeded 10 percent. He is calling on the Government to bring change. He said: "I think they need to stop putting people in charge who are financially well off and educationally privileged because they don’t get it. "More and more people in parliament need to have a real understanding of what it’s like for us. There needs to be a balance. Why can't we find a way to make our society more inclusive? When you're born, you should be born into the same educational opportunities, with healthcare. Everyone should be able to eat to a reasonable standard." He added: "10 percent isn't the end. I knew it would get worse and it'll keep getting worse. "Wages aren’t increasing and benefits aren’t increasing, but everything else is." A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise people are struggling with rising prices which is why we are protecting millions of the most vulnerable families with at least £1,200 of direct payments, starting with the £326 cost of living payment, which has already been issued to more than seven million low income households. “Through our £37bn support package we are saving the typical employee over £330 a year through a tax cut, allowing people on Universal Credit to keep £1,000 more of what they earn, while all households will receive £400 energy payments. “Vulnerable families in England are also being supported by the Government’s Household Support Fund - which was boosted by £500million - to help pay for essentials.”