Georginio Wijnaldum has admitted Mohamed Salah helped convince him to sign for Roma after he completed his move to the club. The ex-Liverpool star joins the European Conference Champions just as his former club embark on a fresh hunt for a central midfielder having lost influential Spaniard Thiago for six weeks as a result of a hamstring injury. Salah spent two years in the Italian capital before making the £36.5million move to Anfield in 2017. He enjoyed a successful spell at the Stadio Olimpico scoring 34 goals in 82 appearances. He then spent four years as Wijnaldum’s team mate as the pair became legends at the club. They were both crucial in helping end the club’s 30 year long Premier League hoodoo in 2020 and both fulfilled important roles in the 2019 Champions League success. The Dutchman’s exploits were particularly notable with the star scoring twice in two minutes to complete the sensational second leg semi-final comeback against Barcelona, levelling up the tie. The 31-year-old spoke of the praise Salah and former international colleague Kevin Strootman had for the club and how that influenced his decision. “I wanted to come because of the effort the club made to sign me and because I spoke to Mo Salah and Kevin Strootman about the club and the city and I only heard good stories about it,” he explained. JUST IN: Barcelona 'agree fee' for Bernardo Silva to spark frenzy on Frenkie de Jong future The Netherlands vice-captain left Liverpool under something of a cloud after he rejected a new contract in order to join PSG on a free transfer where he would earn £300,000 per week. However the move did not work out and the midfielder was offered up for a loan, eventually moving to Italy. His move to the Giallorossi was completed last Thursday but it would have been interesting to see what would have happened if he had remained in limbo a little while longer. The Reds are on the lookout for midfield reinforcements after Thiago picked up a hamstring injury in their 2-2 opening day draw with Fulham. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window The Spanish technician joins Alex Oxalde-Chamberlain on the Anfield treatment table leaving Jurgen Klopp light on options in the centre of the park. He may now be forced to dive back into the transfer market so the club is not caught out in the early part of the season. Wijnaldum could have been a potential option on a season-long agreement with a portion of his wages being covered by the Ligue 1 champions. Wijnaldum will be targeting a Roma debut on Sunday when his new side open their Serie A season against Salernitana.