Alex Scott, 37, has broken down while reading her upcoming biography for fans in the audiobook version. This comes as the BBC Sports presenter admitted she has mixed feelings about her tell-all book, but knows "there is no going back now". Alex took to Instagram to share a personal insight to her 1.7 million followers as she completed the audiobook for her upcoming autobiography, How (Not) To Be Strong. She shared a short video with her head in her hands, as she appeared to have become emotional while reading the chapter aloud. Alex captioned the video: "Reading chapter 14 out loud for the audiobook was hard. "Lucky I've got no make up or mascara on today, lol." (sic) READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps Later on, Alex shared another video, informing fans the audiobook recording is now complete. She revealed: "Guys, audiobook complete. Cheers. "Can't wait for you to listen, to read it, it's very soon. Very soon you are going to know everything about my life. "I mean, I'm excited and scared all in one. Jheez! no holding back and there is no going back now. "It's all out there. I might need some more wine." This comes after Alex broke down on live TV recently when the Lionesses took the Euro 2022 final trophy against Germany. Speaking emotionally after the game, Alex explained just how important the Lionesses' victory had been for women's football, four years after clubs had to be persuaded to host matches. She said: "This is the moment in English football… back in 2018 we were begging (Premier League) clubs to host games for these championships and many said no. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [COMMENT] Rachel Riley wins libel case as Corbyn's former aide loses appeal [LATEST] "I hope they’re watching now… they never saw the vision." Alex then shared the "dream" the triumph would be giving to young girls wanting to pursue the sport. She continued: "This is a dream, an absolute dream. "This is a dream for every young girl that dreams of playing football. It's incredible. "Every single player has played their part. The way teams play as a whole determines their success." Ian Wright also commented on the victory as a turning point for women's sport and its future development. He said: "We need to get more money into the women's game and start to really (get exposure for) the women's game. I love them. I love the girls. "We've seen politicians and brands jump on what they've done because of how well England has done. This game needs continuous support for it to grow. "We've seen what's happened with the people that didn't have the opportunity."