Denise Welch, 64, has taken to Twitter in an angry rant in response to a comment from a user which seemed to mock the Loose Women star for talking about the death of her father on the talk show. The post was sent out in full view of Denise’s 532,900 followers. Twitter user @EvilSuperman23 wrote sarcastically: “Did Denise's dad die? She never mentioned it.” It didn’t take long before the TV presenter responded to the comment. She penned: “Yes he did. The show is about us and our lives Rob!! “So go f*** yourself.” READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury  The star’s fans and friends jumped on to the thread to back her up and show her support. @MatthewMarsden wrote: “Wow. What a Piece of s***.” @ExpressNathan said: “My God Twitter is a cesspool. What a foul thing to say.” @Cait_caitlinni penned: “Evil. Why would someone say that? “Like it’s any of his business… then put it on social media… have some respect for people feelings.” @EmmaRichards commented: “Wow the insensitive toe rag! Why but why are people so vile to others! Lots of love Denise xxx” It comes after Denise initially faced criticism from fans during the Covid-19 lockdown after visiting her ailing father who has since died. At the time, the family took care not to enter the home and stay in the garden but were still in breach of regulations. READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS] Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST] 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE] Denise, 63, said on Loose Women in December: “My sister and I made the decision there is no way we weren’t going to be ­seeing Dad during lockdown. “We weren’t going to be ­waving through a window. “We were very careful but I knew, as someone who has suffered from major depressive disorder since I was 32, we needed to see Dad.” Vin Welch died after having major ­surgery and battling pneumonia as well as pulmonary fibrosis. Denise said it was while going through his things after he had died that she appreciated how hard the lockdown isolation had affected him. “We found these poems, a couple of poems that he’d written about lockdown," she said. And he never showed us them ‑ he didn’t write poetry or anything. “But we saw these poems that he had written about how it spoiled things. And was it never going to come back, you know, human contact, human connection and fundamental rights of seeing people? “It was very sad to read, because he obviously had these thoughts that he didn’t really talk about very much.”