 On Monday August 29, there is a bank holiday which often impacts when people get paid their benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Anyone who is due a Universal Credit payment will see the date they are paid temporarily changed as a result. There are currently 2.3 million people who receive Universal Credit in the UK and the change of payment date could affect a large number of claimants.     This applies to anyone who receives DWP benefits if they are paid on Monday. Britons will instead receive their Universal Credit payment three days early on Friday, August 26. The amount a person receives will not change, and it will be paid into a person’s bank, building society or credit union account as normal. Britons also don't need to contact anyone about the payment as it should come in automatically. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out      Many may be relieved that they are going to be paid early, however, it does mean that people will need to make their money last longer throughout the following month. This is because Universal Credit is usually paid on the same date every month. The changes cover not just Universal Credit, but also the state pension, Income-related Employment and Support allowance (ESA), Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance (JSA), Carer's Allowance, Pension Credit, Personal Independence Payment (PIP), and Attendance Allowance. If the Universal Credit payment does not come into a person’s account on Friday then they should first double-check the date on their award notice.    If a mistake has been made and no money has been sent, claimants should contact the Universal Credit helpline on 0800 328 5644, or the relevant helpline to them. However, they will need to do this straight away as the Department for Work and Pensions' (DWP) various benefit payment helplines are likely to be closed on bank holidays. How often a person is paid their benefit depends on what type of support they claim. Those on Tax Credits are typically paid every four weeks or weekly and those who receive Child Benefit are usually paid weekly or every four weeks on a Monday or Tuesday. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments     Employment and Support Allowance. Income Support and Jobseeker’s Allowance is every two weeks. The state pension, PIP, Pension Credit, Disability Living Allowance and Attendance Allowance is usually every four weeks. Carer’s Allowance is also weekly in advance or every four weeks. More changes to payment dates for Universal Credit will also come later in the year again due to the Bank Holidays. Those who are paid on the December 26, 27, and 28 will instead receive it two days before Christmas Day on 23.    If a person is paid on December 29, they will receive it the day before on December 28. However, this is only for those in England and Scotland. For January, if a person receives their payment on the second or third of the month then they will receive it on December 30 instead. Finally, if someone is expecting their payment on the fourth then they will receive it the day before on January 3, this is for England and Northern Ireland.   