Selling the OC is arriving on Netflix on August 24 and the Selling Sunset spin-off is full of big characters. Gio Helou believes he is the top dog at the Orange County branch as he comes from a family of successful real estate agents. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his mother Lisa, who appears regularly throughout the series. Gio is introduced to viewers as an agent who is at the top of his game and he is not prepared to share the number one spot with anyone else. The successful agent definitely has the knowledge and experience when it comes to selling luxury real estate. He was one of the first agents to join the new office and he has an "unmatched reputation" according to The Oppenheim Group. His biography says: "Specializing in high-end properties in prestigious beachfront enclaves, Gio exclusively sells the best of the Newport Beach lifestyle — and lives it too." Real estate runs in his blood as his mum Lisa also works for The Oppenheim Group as a realtor associate. READ MORE: Selling the OC: What time will the Selling Sunset spin-off come out? She earned her license in 2017 and has a longstanding reputation for her assertiveness. Having married a residential builder, she knows everything there is to know about the market. Lisa, from LA, prides herself on her old-school methods when it comes to getting the best for her clients. Her work profile says: "Lisa brings an invaluable and proven skill-set to her clients, in addition to her emphasis on integrity and character. "She and her husband, Carl, live on the Balboa Peninsula, are members of the Balboa Peninsula Point Association, and can be seen riding bikes or cruising the bay in their Duffy boat." Lisa is on Instagram and she has been keeping her followers up to date with her latest ventures. She offered her fans some words of advice in her latest post, which was a photo of herself on a boat. The realtor said: "The temptation to quit will be its greatest just before you’re about to succeed. Read that again, and keep going." Lisa has just listed a Newport Beach home valued at just under $7million, with four beds and six baths. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop star 'nervous' over restoration of Judi Dench item [VIDEO] Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement [DISCUSSION] Selling the OC cast: Meet the new agents [INSIGHT] She is known for offering her words of wisdom to the newer agents on the team. In another post, she said: "The two things that define you are … your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything!" Lisa respects those who still value old-school methods, like door-knocking to get new clients on board. Her Instagram also features photos of her family, including her eldest child, Gyna. Sharing a photo of herself with her daughter, she commented on their uncanny resemblance. She said: "My first born @gyna_cantagallo, my doppelgänger, my biggest fan, my charismatic soul. "I’ve learned so much from all of my kids, but Gyna has taught me to make everybody feel like they are somebody. "She truly loves everyone and everyone wants to be near her. God’s love and light shines so bright through her. Her loyalty is unwavering." Lisa certainly is an eccentric character and viewers will come to see how she does business when the series airs.  Selling the OC airs on Netflix on August 24.