Chelsea outcasts Ross Barkley and Michy Batshuayi both scored in a behind-closed-doors friendly clash against Coventry U21s on Tuesday, according to reports. Several Blues stars who have struggled for game time under Thomas Tuchel were given minutes against the Sky Blues. Barkley and Batshuayi both found the net in a big 5-0 victory at Chelsea’s Cobham training ground. Midfielder Billy Gilmour is also believed to have featured in the game. All three players have been strongly linked with departures this summer after falling out of favour under Tuchel. None of the trio have featured in the matchday squad for either of Chelsea’s opening two Premier League fixtures this season. Barkley’s last appearance came in a surprise start on the final day of the last campaign. Batshuayi has not featured for the Blues since February 2020, spending the last two years on loan at Crystal Palace and Besiktas. Gilmour, who enjoyed a tremendous start to his Chelsea career under Frank Lampard, struggled on loan at relegated Norwich last season. It is understood that the 21-year-old Scotland international could be pushed out on another temporary deal this term. JUST IN: Van Dijk issues solemn warning to Darwin Nunez after Palace headbutt Youngsters Silko Thomas (two) and Derrick Abu rounded off the scoring against Coventry, as reported by the dedicated academy Twitter account Chelsea Youth. A mix of senior stars looking for minutes and young stars featured in a Chelsea XI side. It came the day after a strong Chelsea U21 lost 3-0 against Fulham in Premier League 2. Ben Chilwell, Trevoh Chalobah, Ethan Ampadu, Carney Chukwuemeka and Omari Hutchinson all appeared in the defeat. Chelsea are expected to complete several pieces of business before the transfer window shuts on September 1. Tuchel is expecting at least a couple more signings, while the club’s deadwood are likely to be trimmed from the wage bill if suitors can be found. DON'T MISS...Chelsea chief Todd Boehly teams up with Newcastle's Saudi ownersBarcelona three reasons to reopen De Jong door for Man Utd and ChelseaMan Utd transfer chiefs have 'greedy' fear about Ten Hag target Ziyech A deal for Inter Milan midfielder Cesare Casadei is expected to be completed in the next 48 hours, the Guardian claims. The 19-year-old is due to have a medical at Chelsea ahead of signing. Casadei fits the profile of the young players Chelsea are trying to sign and is part of the succession plan for N’Golo Kante and Jorginho. The Blues have strengthened their rank of players aged under 21 this summer in a bid to provide long-term stability. But Chelsea will continue to also target experienced players before the end of the summer transfer window. They are expected to make an official bid for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Manchester United have seemingly pulled out of the race for the 25-year-old after their accepted £72m bid was accepted earlier in the summer. Chelsea could now have a free run at the Dutchman.