 With major new Highway Code changes introduced earlier this year, drivers have a renewed focus on the rules of the road. But many may be unaware of the laws they could be breaking every day and how they can avoid hefty fines.  Motorists normally raise their hand above the steering wheel to say thank you or to let another driver move at a junction. However, these small gestures are actually a breach of the Highway Code as the driver may lose control of their steering wheel. This means those who lose control while waving at the wheel could be hit with a £1,000 fine, discretionary disqualification and three penalty points on their licence. READ MORE: Drivers slam 'draconian' rural speed limit cuts from 60mph to 20mph  Drivers often drive around with music playing as a way to keep them entertained on a long driver, but this can often be dangerous if it gets too loud. Playing music too loud can cause drivers to lose concentration or even make them unable to hear sirens from emergency vehicles. They could be hit with a £100 fine and three points on their driving licence. DON'T MISSUK drivers warned of major fines for petrol and diesel cars in France [WARNING]August driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules [IMPORTANT]Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption [INSIGHT]  Drivers should not allow their dogs to stick their heads out of the window, even on a sunny day. While there is no direct law which forbids drivers from doing this, they can be viewed as a distraction. Allowing animals to do this can be seen as careless driving and may lead to a fine and three points on their licence.  On a three-lane motorway, drivers should stay in the left-hand lane unless they are overtaking. Failing to obey this rule could mean motorists are hit with a fine and three points on their licence for careless driving. In July, a motorist who was hogging the middle lane had his Toyota seized after being found without a proper driving licence.  While this may not be relevant for the summertime, drivers are warned of driving through puddles near pedestrians. Although it can be a genuine mistake, the law can view it as careless and inconsiderate driving. If a driver doesn’t follow this rule, they can end up with a fine and three points on their licence.