The Duchess of Sussex made a series of revelations in an interview for The Cut magazine carried out at her home in California. These include Meghan and Harry's impact on the monarchy, the media attention they receive and relations with members of the Royal Family. Meghan appears on the cover of The Cut, looking straight into the camera, wearing a black polo neck with her hair scraped back. The image has drawn comparisons with a photograph of Diana, Princess of Wales, which shows Harry's mother dressed similarly, looking directly into the lens. Sarah Vine, writing in the Daily Mail, said: "... while Diana's smile is slightly shy, she nevertheless gazes warmly at the viewer, her eyes dancing with mischief. "By contrast, Meghan's half-open mouth is more of a smirk. And her beautiful, warm brown eyes are somehow as cold as ice."  The commentator went on to describe the revelations detailed in The Cut interview as "narcissistic drivel". Meghan spoke about her estranged father Thomas Markle for the interview, which runs to more than 6,000 words. She also said "just by existing" both she and Harry had upset "the dynamic of the hierarchy" before they stepped down as senior working royals. Journalist Allison P. Davis asked the Duchess if there was room for forgiveness between her, the Royal Family and her own relatives.  READ MORE ABOUT RUSSIA ATTACKING MI6 Meghan said: "I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. "But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. I've really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything." She added: "I have a lot to say until I don't. Do you like that? Sometimes, as they say, the silent part is still part of the song." During The Cut interview, Meghan said she was told there was the same jubilation in South Africa when she married Harry as there was when Nelson Mandela was freed from prison.  DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Arrogant' Meghan 'one of most destructive' royals [OPINION] William told to 'board plane' and 'intervene' in Meghan row [REVEALED] 'He’s so excited!' Meghan and Archie share cute moment at school gates [REPORT] Mr Mandela was hailed worldwide as a man of peace and forgiveness. He was freed from prison in 1990 after 27 years and went on to become president of South Africa. Meghan said the comparison between Mr Mandela and her marrying into the Royal Family was made at the 2019 premiere of The Lion King in London. She told The Cut: "I just had Archie. It was such a cruel chapter. I was scared to go out." The Duchess described how a cast member from South Africa pulled her aside at the event.  Meghan said: "He looked at me, and he's just like light. He said, 'I just need you to know: When you married into this family, we rejoiced in the streets the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison'." Mr Mandela's grandson, Zwelivelile 'Mandla' Mandela, challenged the remarks. He told MailOnline: "It can never be compared to the celebration of someone's wedding. "Madiba's celebration was based on overcoming 350 years of colonialism with 60 years of a brutal apartheid regime in South Africa. So It cannot be equated to as the same."  According to the article, Meghan also claimed she would not be able to do the school run with her eldest child Archie in the UK without a group of photographers snapping pictures. Meghan's remarks also sparked an intense backlash among royal commentators who debunked her claims about the school pickup in the UK. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer tweeted: "I’m afraid Meghan is a fantasist if she believes this would be a daily occurrence in the UK, where the @ipsonews code has strict rules about treatment of children in education." Robert Jobson, author of 'William At 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch', replied: "She’s worse than a fantasist. I am beginning to think she actually believes her own #MeganTruths - It’s almost pathological. What is very sad is she knows some people will believe this nonsense." It was also pointed out that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s children have attended school without facing such issues. 