Prince Harry's "intimate and heartfelt" memoir was announced in July 2021 and, although no release date has ever been revealed, was originally reportedly scheduled for a "late 2022" release. Speaking on GB News, presenter Nana Akua called for a boycott on the book, claiming that she is "not prepared" to fund the Duke and Meghan Markle two years on from their royal exit. Speaking on the show this week, Ms Akua said: "I, for one, will be boycotting Harry's book. "I'm not prepared to fund these two." She added: "As a taxpayer, I have been doing it for years, I'm not up for it again. "We've already, apparently, forked out ten 100k in legal challenges because Harry is not satisfied with his security downgrade." READ MORE: 'Super cute!' Prince William delights fans in rare video with adorable Princess Charlotte Ms Akua continued: "No, I want to see this pair stand on their own two feet. "[and] face the reality of life, as we all see it, where people don't bow and courtesy because they feel honoured that you are in their present. "That is preserved for true royalty." She claimed that 'true royalty" is something that "Harry did not appreciate, and Meghan did not understand". READ MORE: Charles 'iced' Harry after Duke of Sussex 'refused' to discuss memoir - expert claim She concluded:"It comes from respect, and, I'm afraid, I've got none for these two". Harry's book was announced by publisher Penguin Random House. The publisher said, at the time, that it was “tentatively scheduled for late 2022”. In a statement released at the time of its announcement, Harry said: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. DON'T MISS Princess Charlotte is adorable in latest video with Prince William [VIDEO]Charles 'iced' Harry after Duke of Sussex 'refused' to discuss memoir [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Charlotte's close bond with proud dad Prince William [ANALYSIS] "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" He claimed that he was "excited" for people to read "a firsthand account" of his life. The book failed to appear on a list of upcoming Penguin Random House releases, leading to speculation that it has been delayed. READ NEXT: