Lewis Hamilton has revealed he is not close to retiring from Formula One as there is still “plenty to achieve”. Hamilton admitted he "liked the direction” inside the sport and stressed it was an “exciting time” to be racing. Speaking in yesterday’s press conference, Hamilton said: “I think there's still plenty to achieve here personally, maybe not like that many records as such, but still a lot of ground to cover with the team. And like the guys here I still deeply in love with the sport and particularly like the direction and things that we're doing within the sport… conversations that I get to have with Stefano [Domenicali]. “But of course, there's lots more outside that's continuing to grow as well. So it’s exciting times I think. The future’s bright, I like to think.” Hamilton struggled in the opening races which left many pundits to question whether the Mercedes star could walk away from the sport. However, the seven-time champion addressed the rumours after the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, admitting he would still be on the grid. READ MORE: FIA announce Lewis Hamilton's car was investigated for three things The Briton explained that it was not in his DNA to walk away despite his early season issues. His patience appears to have paid off with Hamilton and Mercedes one of the most in-form combinations over the summer. Since the Canadian Grand Prix, Hamilton has secured five consecutive podiums including back-to-back P2 finishes in France and Hungary. Hamilton also reiterated his desire to remain in F1 ahead of the summer break. He commented: “’I’m still only thinking about how to improve this car. I’m thinking about how what are the steps that I need to take to get this team winning again. What is the road map to winning another world championship? DON'T MISS'The penalty is high' Lewis Hamilton picks out scary Belgian GP aspect [INSIGHT]Mercedes' nostalgic change for Belgian GP as Hamilton sports old style [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton sets F1 goal as he sends threat to Max Verstappen  [COMMENT] “I’m still fighting for those things and I still feel like I’ve got plenty to go. More likely than not, if I stop, I’ll still have fuel in the tank. I don’t think I’ll go until I’m completely burnt out and have nothing left.” But, Hamilton has previously warned he would not be competing in F1 past the age of 40. His current F1 deal runs until the end of the 2023 season when the multiple champion will be 38 years old. It means the Mercedes star could sign another one-year extension or ditch his previous promise and stay for several more seasons.