Cristiano Ronaldo's agent, Jorge Mendes, has made spellbinding assurances to Napoli as he works 'night and day' to seal the Manchester United star a Champions League move this summer. A Serie A return currently presents the most likely exit route for Ronaldo, with United linked with a big-money deal for Victor Osimhen as his replacement. The 37-year-old striker is desperate to depart Old Trafford for a club competing in Europe's elite competition this season. He informed United of his decision earlier this summer and sent Mendes on a tour of Europe in an attempt to garner interest in his services. That tour has landed in Naples, and a significant deal could be brewing just five days before the transfer window slams shut. According to Naples-based outlet Il Mattino, Mendes has assured Napoli that a monumental offer for Osimhen as part of Ronaldo's move is imminent. The Partenopei have been informed by Mendes that United plan to submit an offer worth £119m for the Nigerian striker, while the Glazers are said to be willing to contribute to a significant chunk of Ronaldo's wages in Italy, as per the same report. United's owners are willing to take a commercial hit by sanctioning the Portuguese icon's exit but will back Erik ten Hag with a blockbuster signing to fill the void. JUST IN: Chelsea's Tuchel disagreed with Boehly on Ronaldo after Rangnick chat  The report adds that there is plenty of suspense around the deal as Mendes works around the clock to make things happen. Napoli want Ronaldo to have a similar impact to Diego Maradona and are ready to cash in on one of Europe's most exciting strikers to facilitate his arrival. Ronaldo has started three of United's four Premier League games under Erik ten Hag on the bench after missing almost all of pre-season. Despite Ten Hag's public stance that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner is in his plans, he is understood to be privately open to a departure as he looks to build a squad custom-made for his play style. READ MORE: Man Utd 'agree personal terms' for fifth signing but still face hurdle  Ronaldo has also been linked with Atletico Madrid, Bayern Munich and Chelsea, among others, this summer. But there has been a lack of substantial interest, and Napoli could be his final hope to maintain his status in Europe's elite competition this season. The Old Trafford icon has produced a legendary Champions League legacy throughout his illustrious career. And he will hope an opportunity to continue that is on the horizon as talks with Napoli continue. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here