Manchester United are entering ‘key days’ in their transfer pursuit of teenage striker Benjamin Sesko, according to reports. The Red Devils lead the race for the towering striker, who has been compared to Manchester City star Erling Haaland. United have apparently met with Sesko’s representatives but are yet to agree a fee with his club, Red Bull Salzburg. The Austrian side, for whom Haaland also played, are widely reported to have demanded at least £45million for the 19-year-old. Two more unnamed clubs are competing with United to sign Sesko, who was linked to Arsenal before the Gunners signed Gabriel Jesus. The Old Trafford outfit need to ‘move fast’ to ensure they acquire the Slovenian. That is according to Fabrizio Romano, who claims that United have held a meeting with Sesko’s agent. The player and his representatives will make a decision on his next club within the next few days, meaning United’s director of football John Murtough must anxiously wait for a response. JUST IN: Chelsea get Barcelona transfer revenge after 'top secret' tactics Sesko has emerged as one of Europe’s brightest talents in the last 18 months. He scored 21 goals on loan at second-tier Austrian side FC Liefering in 2020-21 before returning to Salzburg last term to score five times in the Austrian Bundesliga. The 13-times Slovenia international already has two goals this season, with Austria beginning their domestic season ahead of England. But those could be the final times he scores for his club. United are desperate to strengthen Erik ten Hag’s attacking options ahead of the new Premier League campaign. Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Jadon Sancho are the only senior forwards who have had a full pre-season. DON'T MISS...Man Utd striker shortlist pecking order emerges involving two targetsHenderson savaged as Man Utd ace told he 'didn't make one decent save'Man Utd have four reasons they might go for Neves as De Jong plan B The 37-year-old Cristiano Ronaldo is desperate to leave Old Trafford, and might not be at the club come the end of the transfer window. Regardless of the Portugal striker’s future, United need a younger centre-forward to share the burden of leading the line. Ronaldo is not ready to start the season having missed much of United’s preparations. And he has already angered Ten Hag by leaving United’s friendly with Rayo Vallecano before full-time. “I certainly don’t condone this. This is unacceptable. For everyone. We are a team and you have to stay until the end,” Ten Hag said of players who left the fixture early, of which another is reportedly right-back Diogo Dalot. Ronaldo’s misdemeanour could tempt Ten Hag to request that the club go stronger in their pursuit of Sesko.