Casemiro broke down in tears at his official farewell to Real Madrid as the midfielder prepares to complete his £60million transfer to Manchester United. The Brazil international struggled to contain his emotions as he thanked his team-mates ahead of his Old Trafford move. The 30-year-old has agreed a four-year contract worth around £350,000-a-week, with the option of a fifth year that can be extended by the club and the Red Devils are hoping to unveil their new signing against Liverpool later on Monday evening. Casemiro’s move is worth an initial £60m fee up front with a further £10m in add-ons, making him the biggest acquisition of Erik ten Hag’s reign. He will become the fourth new face to arrive at the club this summer after Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez, taking United’s spending to around £140m in the process. Having spent eight years at the Santiago Bernabeu since arriving from FC Porto, Casemiro won five Champions League titles and La Liga on three occasions in a trophy-laden period with Los Blancos. READ MORE: Man Utd are signing 'another Schweinsteiger' as Ten Hag warned And the reality of leaving the Spanish giants behind became too much to bear as he broke down in tears at his farewell presentation, receiving applause from his team-mates and president Florentino Perez ahead of his exit. "As you know, I don't like the spotlight or having prominence, I will try to talk with my heart,"  he said at the conference, before appearing to burst into tears. "The greatest title I have had has been to live every day at this great club, Real Madrid!" "I would like to thank the club for making me a better player and a better person. Playing with [Luka] Modric and [Toni] Kroos, I really enjoyed football. DON'T MISSMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroMan Utd dressing room reaction to Casemiro transfer explainedMan Utd have green light to negotiate second Real Madrid transfer deal "I want to make it clear that one day I would return to Real Madrid and show you how much I love this club. I want to help the club in any way I can in the future. Florentino, thanks to you this club will continue to win titles." Explaining his decision to leave the Champions League holders and head to the Premier League with struggling United, who are 19th in the table after two games, Casemiro said:  "I am excited to develop at a big club like Manchester United." Perez made it clear he was happy for Casemiro to move on after eight seasons in the Spanish capital: "I'm very proud of you Case, you're joining a legendary club, Man United - keep making history," the Real supremo added. While his move will not go through in time to make his debut against Liverpool, United could hand the Brazilian his first outing against Southampton on August 27 providing the final details - including a work permit and international clearance - go through in time.