Victoria Beckham, 48, is seemingly starting to live up to her Posh Spice nickname, as the designer's latest make-up tutorial left fans stunned after they noticed her extremely posh English accent. The fashion mogul showcased her new Satin Kajal liner as part of the Victoria Beckham brand. The clip was shared with the star’s 30.2 million followers, but they quickly became distracted by David Beckham's wife's fancy accent. She shared a video tutorial video for her smoky eye look and wrote in the caption: “NEW KAJAL EYELINER!! Meet Fig, the newest addition to the @victoriabeckhambeauty. “Satin Kajal Liner family and my new favourite shade for creating a modern smoky eye. “The rich, matte aubergine brightens every eye colour and gives the most amazing drama! I just love it!" READ MORE: TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son  However, fans of the former WAG were captivated by something other than her products. Some of her fans accused her of “trying too hard” to live up to her Spice Girls persona. Hungirl2001 wrote: “Sorry but tries too hard with her accent, not natural at all." Lucindacute8 penned: “Hysterical put on way of talking! Check out Spice Girls videos she definitely did not sound like that. “Just be yourself especially as you’re no teenager!! Sad." Montoya2446 said: “Strange accent, didn’t realise she was actually posh. I thought it was a joke?" Not all her fans had harsh words for the star, however. Gcnbs71 wrote: “I’m sorry to hear The Brand is struggling, you have worked so hard to get we’re you are . READ MORE... Amanda Holden 51 oozes sex appeal as she steps out of ocean in bikini [PIC] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [NEWS] 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT] “Calling all Followers, please support Victoria and make a purchase, even if it’s only an eyeliner every item helps during this difficult period.” Anibalcova also commented: “U are so beautiful, my #PoshSpice Love everything u do.” Jestset_posher wrote: “All these people picking on every little fault they could find. Geeshhhh! She’s gorgeous!” It comes as Victoria's brand has reportedly been facing financial struggles recently. The difficulties have led to the star launching a plus-size range, according to claims by The Mirror, as she hopes to rack up some additional sales by opening up the brand to fit different body types. Victoria wasn’t the first member of the Beckham family to receive social media attention for their accent. Her son Brooklyn, 23, recently left users on Instagram and TikTok confused by his “strange” accent. People Magazine uploaded a short clip of the star sharing food with his wife, Nicola Peltz, 27, and talking about his favourite food.  He said: “Favourite thing to cook… She loves angel hair with pink sauce, but she also loves the spaghetti bolognese that I make for her. “It takes me like eight hours to make the sauce.” Since the star was born in the UK, but grew up between Madrid and LA, some fans have suggested this could have impacted his accent. TikTok users had a thing or two to say about Brooklyn’s voice.  D commented: “What in the Liam Payne is this accent”. Denise Polley replied: “South UK with a Cockney sawse”. Anthony wrote: “He sounds very Americanised”. Kerry Scott joked: “The sawse”.