Joan Crawford was an Oscar-winning actress, dancer and executive, who was best known for films like, Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? and Mildred Pierce. Despite working alongside Bette Davis for a number of years, it was widely reported that the Hollywood legends didn't have the best of friendships, and their feud lasted up until their deaths. In an episode of BBC Four's Talking Pictures, the programme looks at unearthed footage of the duo during the height of their careers. As well as showing clips of the pair working together, it also shared an insight into the actresses' family lives. In one interview with Film Profile from 1967, Joan opened up about what it was like working with Bette. When asked about her feud with her co-star, the interviewer pronounced Bette's name in a different way. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Alicia Gallagher returns as tragedy strikes Shutting down the interviewer instantly, Joan explained Bette would hate for her name to be said in that way. "She'd killed you if she heard you say, Bette," the actress explained. "She's a fascinating actress, Bette Davis. "I didn't have time to be friends with her because we only did the one picture movie." Meanwhile, Joan went on to discuss one scene she hated doing in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? Referring to the "dead rat scene", Joan explained she was very "frightened" when shooting it. The scene she referred to was when Bette's character brought her a dead rat for dinner. However, the actress admitted she refused to rehearse that moment with anything but an empty plate. "And when I knew the cameras were ready, then I said, 'You may bring it on'. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans demand major Claire and Jamie change [REACTION]All Creatures Great and Small's James star addresses future with Helen [INSIGHT]Vera star details 'special' moment on set with Brenda Blethyn [NEWS] "But something went wrong technically with the camera and I said, 'Don't take the lid off. Take it away'." Despite the mishap, Joan remained professional and continued with the scene as if nothing had happened. She recalled: "I still kept the emotion ready for it, and when the technical things were fixed... the camera and the lights, then we went in and away we went... take one. "I think if you rehearse too much with the actual rodent, I almost said animal because it looks so big. "But it is a rodent. I believe the rat and of course, the dead bird too, it's just awful." She later went on to say: "It was wonderful to do those scenes. "You want to bring the audience in with you so close to you. "You want to put them in your lap in the palm of your hand." Talking Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.