Belarus’ Victoria Azarenka has refused to comment on a US Open fundraising initiative for Ukraine, despite committing to the tournament’s charity match. The former world No 1 has enjoyed a good relationship with her country’s President, and Belarus has admitted to allowing Russia to stage part of their invasion of Ukraine from their territory. The USTA announced on Monday that they would be staging an exhibition match as part of their bid to organise the sport’s largest fundraising initiative to support Ukraine. The match will be held at the site of the US Open, and the tournament director confirmed that Azarenka accepted a request to compete in the event. But it has emerged that the Belarusian two-time Grand Slam champion refused an interview with the New York Times to discuss the match and the USTA’s wider fundraising efforts, despite US Open boss Stacey Allaster sharing the world No 20’s willingness to participate. “It was a quick response,” she said of her conversation with Azarenka, after calling the 33-year-old and asking her to play. “She said, ‘This is a player choice, and I want to play.’” Azarenka is the first Russian or Belarusian player to commit to the exhibition, but it is still not known whether she will take to the court for the event, being held on Ukraine’s Independence Day of August 24. The New York Times requested an interview with the Belarusian for an article about the match, and she declined “through a spokeswoman for the WTA Tour”. JUST IN: Serena Williams edges past Parrizas Diaz for first win in 430 days  NYT also said the spokeswoman in question, Amy Binder, “referred a request to confirm Azarenka’s participation in the exhibition to Azarenka’s agent, Marijn Bal, who did not respond to an email.” The participation of Russian and Belarusian players in the charity match for Ukraine was one of the reasons the USTA opted not to ban athletes from the two nations. Executives from the association revealed there was “serious consideration” of following Wimbledon in banning Russian and Belarusian tennis players from the tournament, with supporters of the decision to go against a ban hoping that the US Open “could provide a significant opportunity for uniting players and organising the sport’s largest fund-raising effort to support Ukraine.” As part of the efforts, there were also hopes that players from the two nations could be talked into participating, with Azarenka the first player confirmed to be taking part, according to the US Open chief. While the two-time Aussie Open champion has declined an interview on the fundraiser, she shared her thoughts on the war in the days after Russia invaded Ukraine. DON'T MISS Medvedev torn into by Russian politician as accusations made after winBiden sent Djokovic 'rebellion' warning as Medvedev discusses US OpenNadal already handed advantage over Djokovic as Olympics confirmed   “I am devastated by the actions that have taken place over the last several days - against - and in Ukraine,” she tweeted in early March. “It’s heartbreaking to see how many innocent people have been affected and continue to be affected by such violence. “Since my early childhood, I have always seen and experienced Ukrainian and Belarusian people, as well as both nations, friendly and supportive of one another. It is hard to witness the violent separation that is currently taking place instead of supporting and finding compassion for each other. “My heart is with everyone directly and indirectly impacted by this war that is causing such pain and suffering for so many. I hope and wish for peace and an end to the war.” 