Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has personally backed the signings of Frenkie de Jong and Adrien Rabiot over a deal for Gini Wijnaldum. The Dutchman is desperate for reinforcements for his project at Old Trafford, yet he still reportedly snubbed the chance to add Premier League and Champions League winner Wijnaldum to his squad. Reinforcements in midfield have been among the priorities for the new United boss following the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic this summer. Yet besides Christian Eriksen, United are yet to recruit anybody in that department, although a move for Rabiot is edging closer. Ten Hag is understood to have spoke to the player, just like he did with Frenkie de Jong. These are the only two out-and-out central midfielders that Ten Hag has agreed to sign this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free' Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol believes United have made a play for all of Ten Hag's targets this window, despite only landing three signings. Unfortunately, Wijnaldum was not a player of interest to Ten Hag, as Solhekol clarified on The Transfer Show: "Also, I've been told that Ten Hag turned down the chance to sign Gini Wijnaldum from PSG. "We saw last week that Gini Wijnaldum has agreed a deal to join up with Roma and Jose Mourinho. "I've been told that United were offered the chance to sign the player, who has won the title with Liverpool and Champions League. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol believes United have made a play for all of Ten Hag's targets this window, despite only landing three signings. Unfortunately, Wijnaldum was not a player of interest to Ten Hag, as Solhekol clarified on The Transfer Show: "Also, I've been told that Ten Hag turned down the chance to sign Gini Wijnaldum from PSG. "We saw last week that Gini Wijnaldum has agreed a deal to join up with Roma and Jose Mourinho. "I've been told that United were offered the chance to sign the player, who has won the title with Liverpool and Champions League.  "But Erik ten Hag didn't want him, even though the player was willing to move to Manchester United." Wijnaldum has since joined Roma on a season-long loan with a view to making the transfer permanent. There has also been talk that United could be set to make a mega-money swoop for Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. The Serbian has long been linked with a move to the Premier League but that is yet to materialise. It is currently unclear whether Ten Hag has given his seal of approval for Milinkovic-Savic amid talk a £57m bid is imminent. United are still refusing to give up on top target De Jong, who has made it clear on multiple occasions he wants to remain with Barcelona. That said, an ongoing dispute between the club and player over unpaid wages could rock the boat and push De Jong closer to the exit door. Chelsea are believed to be the frontrunners for his signature, should he opt to leave Barcelona.