Manchester United have been tipped to sack Erik ten Hag by the first international break and replace him with Mauricio Pochettino. The Dutchman was only hired as Ralf Rangnick’s successor earlier in the summer. But with the Red Devils losing their first two competitive matches under the 52-year-old, he’s already under pressure. Manchester United decided to snub Pochettino this summer, with John Murtough and Darren Fletcher blown away by Ten Hag. The Dutchman’s reign has started poorly, however, with the Red Devils losing their first two Premier League fixtures against Brighton and Brentford. United were dire as they lost 4-0 at the Gtech Community Stadium on Saturday, with Ten Hag now facing scrutiny. Though not to blame for the mess the club are in, decisions over Harry Maguire, Lisandro Martinez and David De Gea have seen him criticised. And Keys, speaking on beIN Sports, has tipped United to sack Ten Hag by the first international break of the season before hiring Pochettino. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything “This time a week ago we were talking about Erik ten Hag and the task that confronted him at Manchester United,” he said. “The opening day didn’t go very well, yesterday was even worse. “Now I’ve got a theory. Now maybe at Manchester United, having watched him work and his team play twice, they’re thinking to themselves: ‘We have made a cataclysmic error, this man is not for us’. “That might explain the fact that they’re not spending money. “Come September and our first international break, what are the chances – a little bit like Crystal Palace did with [Frank] de Boer – they pull the plug and Pochettino is in charge by the time we come back.” DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Nigel De Jong was also present as Keys spoke out. And he insisted Ten Hag didn’t deserve the flak, saying: “That is really far-reached, if I’m really honest with you. “First of all, I don’t think Ten Hag is all to blame for [what’s happened] because obviously it’s also the players that need to perform on the pitch and we’ve seen they’ve been shocking the last two games. “And they’ve been a shadow of themselves for the last two years, under different managers. “The board also has to take a lot of responsibility in the mess that is Manchester United at this stage.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Keys didn’t back down, however, and called Ten Hag a ‘frightened rabbit’ having been left underwhelmed by the former Ajax boss. “[It needs to be] the right man. What he should have done yesterday is come out with his shoulders back, his chest out,” he said. “He should have done what big Ron [Atkinson] or Tommy Doc [Docherty] would have done as the manager. “Manchester United is special, you’ve got to have stardust and he just looks like a frightened rabbit.” Speaking after the defeat to Brentford, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted the players owed fans an apology for the shambolic performance. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It is difficult for me,” he said. “It is always a surprise when you start a game like this. “After 35 minutes we conceded four goals. This is not possible. The team has to take the responsibility, I feel really sorry for the fans who did everything to support us, we let them down.” And he added: “They are good players, and have to take responsibility on the pitch, as a team and as individuals, and that’s what we didn’t do. I asked them to play with belief and take responsibility for their performance, and that’s what they didn’t do. “It’s only when we stick together and work hard that we will overcome that. You have to take belief on to the pitch for yourself and the team. “Don’t get me wrong, the manager is responsible as well, he has the main responsibility, and I take that. And I will work on that. I have to give them belief, but they have to give it by themselves.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here