Arsenal and Liverpool will not be able to sign Villarreal star Yeremy Pino unless they offer a significant amount of money for the forward’s services, according to reports in Spain. The Spaniard has a £67.5million release clause but his agent believes that staying with the Yellow submarine could be the best thing for his development. Pino is one of the hottest properties in Europe following his breakthrough season in Spain. The wideman scored seven goals and contributed a further four assists in all competitions as he made 40 appearances for the Champions League semi-finalists, with a four-goal haul against Espanyol in February a season highlight. His form earned him a call-up to the national team squad where he has since won four caps, scoring once. At just 19 years old he is seen as a huge prospect for the future and has hence caught the eye of both Arsenal and Liverpool. The player has a £67.5m release clause, however, it is likely both clubs would like to sign the star for less. Spanish publication AS has reported that it would take a significant bid to persuade Villarreal to sell the youngster. The club are open to selling players as they look to improve their finances and fund moves for other stars like Tottenham’s Giovanni Lo Celso but Pino is one of their biggest assets and it would hence take a huge offer to make the club consider it. DON'T MISS: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative There is also an acceptance with Pino’s camp that Villarreal is the best place for his development and hence he is reluctant to leave the La Liga club. It would appear that Arsenal may be the team more likely to move for the young gun this summer given Mikel Arteta’s willingness to talk up new arrivals. In contrast, Jurgen Klopp has claimed Liverpool’s business is finished unless there are unforseen injuries or player sales. The Spaniard spoke of his intention to try to make more moves in the transfer market following his side’s 2-0 opening day victory over Crystal Palace. DON'T MISS...Diaby to Arsenal 'one to watch' but face same obstacle as NewcastleMan Utd's De Jong deal looks less likely than ever after Brighton lossChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture at full-time “We are going to try, there are a few things we have planned,” Arteta told Sky Sports.“If we can do them it would be great, but now it’s work with the players we have, we are in the middle of the season already. “The focus should be with the players that we have to get the best out of them.”