HBO’s highly acclaimed fantasy drama House of the Dragon kicked off this month with its in-depth look at the Targaryen civil war. However, after the second episode viewers were left disgusted as King Viserys (played by Paddy Considine) was set to marry a 12-year-old.  Despite releasing its second episode on Sunday, House of the Dragon sparked fury with fans once again for its horrifying storyline. After the premiere, the show faced backlash for its gruesome birth scene, in which Queen Aemma’s (Sian Brooke) pregnant stomach was sliced in half. Then after her and her baby’s death, viewers complained the episode was triggering and should’ve had a warning. This week, the show was trending again with more backlash after King Viserys was about to marry 12-year-old Lady Laena Velaryon (Nova Foueillis-Mos). READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit  Following the deaths of his wife and presumed heir, King Viserys was forced to name his young daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Milly Alcock) the next Queen of Westeros. While this was a controversial choice as she was female, Viserys was faced with another issue, his marital status. Just a few hours after the death of his wife and son, the realm reminded the King he was expected to be re-married in six months, which triggered an onslaught of hopefuls. This included the Hand of the King, Ser Otto Highwater (Rhys Ifans), who told his daughter Alicent Hightower (Olivia Cooke) to go and seduce the King.    With ample people in court hoping to seek more power, Lord Corlys Velaryon (Steve Toussaint) was amongst the crowd. He put forward his daughter Lady Laena Velaryon who was just 12 years old and younger than the King’s own daughter. Viewers were horrified as they watched King Viserys and Laena take a stroll for him to determine whether she could become the next Queen. Taking to Twitter with anger @ttlhogi55 said: "Viserys & Laena's scene was so uncomfortable to watch, yikes." DON'T MISS...Cornwall residents furious with TV show that helps find dream home [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon spoilers: The link between Rhaenyra and Daenerys [INSIGHT]Who is the Crabfeeder? House of the Dragon villain explained [EXPLAINER]  @naimaamia asked: “Why is otto trying to pimp his daughter out and Laena looks five tbh.” A third viewer @Just_Kandyce added: “They're trying to marry this forty-year-old man off to a 12-year-old girl. I'm disgusted.” A shocked @shawnlunn2002 tweeted: “Corlys wants his twelve-year-old daughter to marry Viserys just because Rhaenys couldn't get the Throne? Yikes.” While @matthewgrima shared: “Shocked with Lady Laena Velaryon's age in [House of the Dragon], I'm guessing they decided to be faithful to the books.”   While fans were horrified to see the King consider marrying a 12-year-old, the disgust turned to horror when it was revealed the youngster was also his niece. Lady Laena’s mother was Rhaenys Targaryen (Eve Best), Viserys’ sister who was known as the Queen who never was. While the marriage would’ve made their royal bloodline stronger with pure valerian blood, King Viserys decided against marrying Laena and announced Alicent as his next wife. Although he cited Laena’s age as the reason, fans added that at 15 years old, Alicent wasn't much older either. House of the Dragon is available on HBO in the US and available on NOW TV in the UK