Tennis is one of numerous mainstream sports in a battle to ensnare new supporters, and controversial talents like Nick Kyrgios could prove critical. American No. 1 Taylor Fritz has suggested the Australian may yet inspire a generation, with the fight for fans about more than just winning tournaments. Kyrgios, 27, has long attracted eyes and attention, but there's a strong argument that's been more down to his loudmouth ways than pure tennis talent. Fans are aware they're as likely (perhaps even more so) to see the player erupt in a tantrum as they are to witness a world-class passage of play. He's recently started fulfilling his potential, however, and celebrated his first ATP Tour title in three years when he won the Citi Open in Washington on Sunday. But there's no need to forget his controversial ways, which Fritz believes get kids interested in the sport. "Yeah, for sure. I think there’s probably so many kids that want to play tennis because of Nick," he told The Guardian. "Or, at the very least, there’s so many people that are my age that don’t know much about tennis, but they know Nick and they’re like: 'Yeah, that guy is super entertaining. I don’t like tennis, but I like watching him.' READ MORE Andy Roddick has Andy Murray fear as Brit attempts to put poor American form behind him  "It’s stuff like that that is going to bring younger, newer fans. The stuff Nick does, it’s entertaining and it brings a lot of new eyes to tennis, and it turns off the people that are maybe long-time diehard tennis fans, but it also turns on a lot of people that aren’t tennis fans." Teaming up alongside American Jack Sock, Kyrgios also became the first player to win both singles and doubles titles in Washington this past weekend. The competition was noticeably free of outbursts from the Australian, who made it to his maiden major final at Wimbledon in July. It was at SW19 that Kyrgios had one of his more infamous episodes during a third-round match against Stefanos Tsitsipas. He advanced following a four-set win, but the match was marred by fines for both players, with Tsitsipas deservedly reprimanded for hitting a ball into the stands. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu suffers blow to US Open prep as Brit crashes out of Canadian Open to Giorgi Daniil Medvedev responds to attack from Russian politician ahead of US Open Nick Kyrgios outguns Sebastian Baez to set up popcorn Daniil Medvedev clash in Montreal    While Fritz agreed "stuff like that is entertaining," he believes the officials allowed the clash to get too heated . It's his understanding that individual expression among players will be critical to tennis' growth but adds "there’s levels to it." For now, at least, Kyrgios appears to have got the formula right as he prepares for a return to the U.S. Open. Cameras were stuck to the Canberra native during Wimbledon, and New York will procide another major stage in what will be the final Grand Slam of 2022.