Manchester United may be able to take advantage of Barcelona's dire financial situation by poaching Franck Kessie on a sensational free transfer to complement the expected addition of Adrien Rabiot over the coming weeks. The Red Devils are thought to have struck an agreement at club level with Juventus over a move for Rabiot, who has emerged as Erik ten Hag's top midfield target after the Dutchman conceded defeat in his pursuit of Frenkie de Jong. Personal terms still need to be agreed upon in ongoing talks with Rabiot's camp, but it seems as if his proposed switch to Old Trafford is well and truly on and could be completed in the not-too-distant future. United could also decide to find the ideal midfield partner for Rabiot by raiding Barcelona for the services of Kessie, who only joined the Catalan giants at the end of last season after leaving AC Milan.United were one of several clubs to have been linked with Kessie before he eventually settled on a move to the Nou Camp, with the Ivorian midfielder penning a four-year deal upon his arrival in Spain. However, the scale of Barcelona's current financial crisis may see Kessie leave the club in search of pastures new before even making a La Liga appearance, according to ESPN.It is said that Barcelona are worried about the possibility of Kessie walking away from his new surroundings if he cannot be registered in time for this weekend's opening-day match against Rayo Vallecano. The club have not been able to complete the necessary paperwork for any of their new signings as of yet, which could reportedly allow the midfielder to execute a get-out clause in his contract if the matter is not resolved before Saturday. JUST IN: Man Utd and Chelsea 'target Juranovic' after Celtic star welcomes move Barcelona president Joan Laporta remains adamant that the players in question will eventually be approved to feature in La Liga, but it remains to be seen whether the situation will worsen for the six-time European champions over the coming days. It could potentially allow United to swoop in and snatch Kessie without having to pay a transfer fee, with the Red Devils still eyeing the addition of at least one new central midfielder before the window closes next month.They have already made plenty of progress in negotiating a move for Rabiot, who is now said to be discussing the finer details of his contract with United's hierarchy ahead of his proposed £15m transfer. However, European football expert Kevin Hatchard recently warned Ten Hag that Rabiot's arrival could bring more problems than solutions in spite of the club's dire need to strengthen in midfield over the next few weeks. "He can do a bit of everything and it’ll be interesting to see how Erik ten Hag uses him," Hatchard told Sky Sports. "Does he want him in the role that [Scott] McTominay played in against Brighton, pressing the play?"But there is drama attached to him, there’s no doubt about that. He was on the standby list for the 2018 World Cup and refused to be on it for France."He sulked his way out of Paris and left in really acrimonious circumstances. You then have his mother, Veronique, who provides her own drama." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt. 