Disney has launched the trailer for their first ever series to be shot in the UK and shown on their ever-growing network. Wedding Season will premiere on Disney+ Day and the show centres around the love and misfortune of characters played by Rosa Salazar and Gavin Drea. In a landmark moment for the channel and the homegrown show does not look as though it will disappoint. Wedding Season is an eight-part series following the carnage that attracts lead characters Stefan (played by Gavin Drea) and Katie (Rosa Salazar). The trailer for the new UK-based show begins with Stefan bursting into a wedding and halting proceedings with his objection. What follows is another, slightly more dramatic entrance, with police hammering down Stefan's door to arrest him. There has been a poisoning of the wedding he crashed, with the heads of the Delaney family slumped onto their plates after a poisoning. Read More: Sally Nugent children: Does the BBC breakfast host have any children? As the lead suspect, he is interrogated but seemingly has no idea how he is connected to the "dead poisoning" as the detective jokingly explains to him. It appears the Delaney family that Katie was supposed to marry into, are looking for revenge. The clip sees the couple suspecting each other of murder before fleeing from a myriad of enemies who are out to stop their runaway romance. In the lively trailer, gunshots are fired, a car falls down a cliff and a speedboat is used as a getaway vehicle to complete the classic runaway elements. Even though the couple are technically on the run, they also look to prove their innocence, something they evidently appear to struggle with. Not only is there action and romance, but humour is scattered among their escapades too. In one scene Stefan decides to tempt fate by asking, "what more could possibly go wrong?" A team of SWAT police then smash down his door and pin his face to the table. DON'T MISS...Prey 2 may kill off Naru after Predator 2 reveal [INSIGHT]Netflix vs Disney+ vs Prime Video: Which is best? [ARTICLE]Star Wars actor worked for 20 minutes and earned millions - hated it [INTERVIEW] The hotly anticipated show will showcase UK talent but due to the nature of the protagonists' escape, they also end up in the US. Due to the range of locations and chases, there are some stunning cinematic shots too, in the blustering new series. Those shots are thanks to the directing team of George Kane and Laura Scrivano. George directed the British TV series Crashing, which was written by Phoebe Waller-Bridge. Laura brought the Sky TV original series The Lazarus Project to screens earlier this year. The trailer for the show will whet the appetite of fans of romcoms, drama, and murder mysteries too. Excited viewers will have to wait a little longer to catch the brand new Disney UK creation. Wedding Season will accompany a wave of new material from the expanding network this autumn, including series from more familiar brands like Star Wars and Pixar. Wedding Season premieres on Disney+ Day on Thursday 8th September.