The islands were found by geographer Professor Simon Haslett of Swansea University and his colleague, historical linguist Professor David Willis of the University of Oxford. Prof Willis, who specialises in Celtic, noted the Welsh literary tradition of a landscape called “Cante’r Gwaelod” that is depicted as lying in what is today Cardigan Bay, having been lost to the sea. When the pair consulted the oldest map of Great Britain — the Gough Map, which dates back to the Late Mediaeval period — they found it marked two islands in the same location that do not exist in the present day. The Gough Map, held in the collections of Oxford’s Bodleian Library, clearly depicts two islands off of the coast of Cardigan Bay — one between Aberystwyth and Aberdovey and the other lying between the first island and Barmouth to the north. It is unclear exactly when or by whom the Gough Map was authored. The antiquarian Thomas “Honest Tom” Martin, who owned the map prior to his death in 1771, is understood to have believed it to have dated back to the reign of Edward III, that is between 1327–1377. Studies of landmarks on the map have suggested dates between 1355, when the Coventry city wall was erected, and 1366, when the town marked on the map as Sheppey was renamed as Queenborough. Other analyses looking at the map’s style and handwritten elements have suggested it may have been fashioned as late as the early fifteenth century, or was perhaps produced in the 1370s but extensively revised over the following decades. Regardless, the two lost islands in Cardigan Bay shown on the Gough Map do not appear to have been the focus of previous academic research. Based on the geology of the area, the researchers believe that the islands likely represented the remnants of a low-lying landscape, underlain by soft glacial deposits, that was formed during the last ice age, which ended some 11,700 years ago. This soft, easily-eroded landscape would have been carved up by rivers and truncated by the sea until all that was left was the two islands, and then nothing, Indeed, the duo noted, there is evidence to suggest that the coastline of Cardigan Bay was once much further seaward — with the location of the mouth of the River Ystwyth provided by the Roman cartographer Ptolmey being some eight miles off of its present location. READ MORE: Stones used to destroy Jerusalem’s Second Temple unearthed The researchers explained that as the finer sediments of the glacial deposits were eroded away, it would have been the larger gravel and boulder components that were left behind. Accordingly, it is perhaps no surprise that the position of the islands on the map appears to coincide with submarine accumulations of gravel and boulders — known locally as “sarns”. Professor Haslett told the Daily Mail: “The Gough Map is extraordinarily accurate considering the surveying tools they would have had. “The islands are clearly marked and may corroborate contemporary accounts of a lost land mentioned in the Black Book of Carmarthen.” DON'T MISS:Driver fury: Britons feel FORCED to make ‘expensive’ switch [INSIGHT]Sulphur shortage threatens food security and green technologies [ANALYSIS]Octopus Energy hands lifeline to thousands of Brits [REPORT] Prof Haslett said that the research “proposes a provisional framework for the evolution of Celtic coasts along the European seaboard”. He added that the work also “increases our understanding of potential coastal processes acting along the coast of Cardigan Bay where some towns are vulnerable to climate and sea-level change”. These at-risk towns, he concluded, are “likely to result in some of the first climate change refugees in the UK”. The full findings of the study were published in the journal Atlantic Geosciences.