Police and paramedics rushed to the scene in Claremont Road just after midnight today (August 15). The victim, who is believed to be aged between 18 and 25, was found with serious injuries. He was taken to hospital, but died a short time later, according to Greater Manchester Police.    Forensic officers have been spotted at the scene this morning where the cordon is being guarded. Forensic officers have been spotted at the scene this morning with officers guarding the cordon. Members of the public have been urged to avoid the area, according to Manchester Evening News. Detective Superintendent Jude Holmes said: "Firstly, my thoughts are with the victim’s family and friends at this extremely difficult time in what is a devastating incident. "Whilst the investigation is ongoing and at its early stages, we’re working extremely hard to understand the full circumstances."   Detective Superintendent Holmes added that the police's response has included increased patrols in the neighbourhood with a lot of work carried out overnight and continuing today. DS Holmes said: "Any details that may help us is asked to get in touch, as we know there were a number of potential witnesses to this serious incident." Greater Manchester Police confirmed the details in a statement: "At around 00:15am on Monday, August 15, 2022, police were called to a serious incident on Claremont Road to reports of a shooting. "A man, who is believed to between 18-25 years-old, was found with serious injuries and was taken to hospital where he was sadly pronounced dead a short time later."  READ MORE ABOUT A FATHER STABBING HIS WIFE IN FRONT OF THEIR TERRIFIED CHILDREN   The statement continued: "An investigation has been launched and enquiries are ongoing. A scene is in place at Princess Parkway and Claremont Road so the local public and commuters are advised to avoid the area where possible." Anyone with information should contact Greater Manchester Police on 101 quoting log number 40 of August 15, 2022. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.   DON'T MISS: 'Mad world!' Thomas the Tank Engine fans told not to use 'slur' [REVEALED] Mass evacuation as thick smoke engulfs seaside in 'fast moving' fire [REPORT] 'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview [LATEST] 