Long-running action series Law and Order SVU will be premiering its new season this fall. The record-breaking show is the longest-running live-action primetime programme in the history of American television. Law and Order SVU continues to go strong with another series this year for fans to savour. Season 24 will debut on NBC on Thursday, September 22 at 9/8c. The show will be airing weekly with fans able to catch up on NBC’s streaming platform Peacock as well. There are expected to be around 22 episodes in the forthcoming run, much like its predecessors. Season 24 got the go-ahead back in 2020 when NBC renewed Law and Order SVU for three seasons. READ MORE: Why did Paul Sorvino leave Law and Order as Phil Cerreta? Along with Law and Order SVU getting the green light, Wolf’s Chicago Med, Chicago Fire, and Chicago P.D. also got triple seasons recommissioned by the network. At the time, legendary producer Dick Wolf said: "I'm gratified and excited that Universal will remain our home for five more years. “This new term deal complements our recently concluded agreement to make Peacock one of the primary destinations for both the L&O and Chicago brands, as well as our extraordinary three-year NBC broadcast pickups on all four current series. “We are now supercharged to expand our business on new platforms, both domestically and internationally, while continuing to produce our current and future series for broadcasting and streaming networks." The show will be seeing actress Molly Burnett joining the drama as Detective Grace Muncy, but details about her character have been scant. Detective Muncy is said to have experience working with gangs and is “very good at her job” as well as being “blunt”, according to TVLine. Burnett is best known for her roles in Days of Our Lives and Queen of the South, as well as Chicago P.D., General Hospital, and FBI: Most Wanted. Burnett will be joining veteran cast members including Mariska Hargitay, who reprises her role as Captain Olivia Benson. Also, back in the frame will be Kelli Giddish as Detective Amanda Rollins, Ice-T as Sergeant Odafin ‘Fin’ Tutuola, Peter Scanavino as ADA Dominick ‘Sonny’ Carisi, Jr., and Octavio Pisano as Detective Joe Velasco. According to the publication, NBC was apparently looking to launch a new season of all its Law and Order series with a crossover episode on September 22. However, the outlet caveated this with reports scheduling might prompt the epic crossover to be pushed back to later in the autumn. Season 24 will also see a new showrunner after Warren Leight confirmed he would be stepping down from his role and TV altogether albeit for a temporary period. DON'T MISS...Why did Jill Hennessy leave Law and Order as Claire Kincaid? [EXPLAINER]Why did Angie Harmon leave Law and Order as Abbie Carmichael? [INSIGHT]Law and Order exit: Is Dylan McDermott leaving as Richard Wheatley? [ANALYSIS] In a message on Twitter, he told his 65,000 followers: “The final day of shooting is always bittersweet. Today was a little more than that. “As some of you have already figured out, I am stepping down at the end of #SVU23. “The last two years of show running during a pandemic have been arduous, and I’ve decided to take a break.” Leight will be replaced by Coyote creator and executive producer David Graziano on the new season. Law and Order SVU season 24 will premiere on NBC on September 22