Prince Harry recently talked on Bryony Gordon's Mad World podcast about how much he and Meghan Markle enjoy boxing. Prince Harry explained: "Everyone was saying boxing is good for you and it's a really good way of letting out aggression. "And that really saved me because I was on the verge of punching someone, so being able to punch someone who had pads was certainly easier." It is believed the couple may practise the exercise together as Meghan is also a fan and had Spanish National Kickboxing Champion Jorge Blanco training with her. The personal trainer explained: "I trained Meghan when she was in Toronto during the shooting of the series Suits. READ MORE: Jasmine Harman weight loss: Cutting one food 'really helped' lose 20lb  "We did a little bit of martial arts, a little boxing, and sometimes kickboxing. I had a great time training with her. "I had a great time training with her because she’s super nice and speaks Spanish, with an Argentine accent," Jorge told Vanity Fair. Meghan's former personal trainer Craig McNamee previously talked about how seriously the Duchess takes her workout routine: "Meghan Markle's fitness definitely takes priority; she’s very focused on her health. "When she gets to the gym, there’s no real complaining," the trainer told Women's Health.  Boxing is a great way to burn calories and can be a very "fun challenging workout that gets you in shape faster than anything out there," according to Expertboxing, but it doesn't have to be excessively intense. For beginners, a basic boxing workout is recommended which involves a combination of punches and kicks performed at a quick pace. Health site Healthline explained that "cardio boxing can be a great addition to your weight loss plan" and slimmers can burn an estimated average of 350 to 450 calories per hour. "Since it takes 3,500 calories to lose one pound, you need to burn an additional 500 to 1,000 calories a day through diet and exercise to lose the recommended one to two pounds each week. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "Doing boxing workouts a few times per week could very well help you achieve this goal," Healthline states. Meghan is said to enjoy other exercises on a weekly basis, including yoga and running. She previously explained: "I love an intense vinyasa class. And even better if it’s blasting hip-hop and done in a dark room with candlelight. The best! "I’ll do yoga a couple of times a week... Hot yoga specifically,” she told Women’s Health. The Duchess also said: "I was very resistant as a kid, but [my mum] said, 'Flower, you will find your practice – just give it time'. "In college, I started doing it more regularly," she told Best Health Magazine. A yoga practice can be a very effective way to lose weight, especially the more active forms of yoga. The types of yoga that are recommended for a more intense workout and to burn calories fast are vinyasa and power yoga.