Lord Sugar, 75, has responded to a Twitter user who unearthed one of the business magnate’s old tweets about the 2019 election. The Apprentice host had slammed former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn in favour of Boris Johnson, and doubled down on his remarks. The message was posted in full view of his 5.2 million followers. Lord Sugar’s initial tweet read: “I seriously back @BorisJohnson to become the new PM. “The public like him and he will have a good chance of winning the general election in 2021 if not before. “Anyone who can stop @JeremyCorbyn from becoming PM has my backing.” READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury  @Aimz_1987 wrote in response: “That’s some brass neck you have, I’ll give you that.” Lord Sugar retorted jokingly, saying: “I would have voted for Dot Cotton to keep Corbyn out.” He was referring to the EastEnders character played by June Brown, who died aged 95 in April. Fans rushed to the comments to share their opinions on the subject. @Nottmsteveh said: “Surely you must admit the huge mess the tories have made in the last 12 years. “Brexit, highest proportionate covid deaths, highest inflation in Europe along with the lowest growth of developed economies. “Not great eh?” @Martincoops4 wrote: “Before 2020 so would I but we went full Commie anyway to reverse the democratic decision of Brexit so it made no difference in the end.” READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS] Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST] 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE] @MartinJWalpole commented: “We want Boris, his enthusiasm is second to none, who cares about the odd porky.. “He did a great job.” @Ant78mufc penned: “Because Corbyn had a plan for the country. “Boris was going to see us leave the EU at any cost. “The cost of which we are finding now and is increasingly being blamed on a war we ain't even fighting.” Despite his initial tweet, Lord Sugar has been an outspoken critic of Johnson, who recently resigned from office. Back in December, he demanded the Conservative politician "resign NOW" following the spread of the Omicron Covid variant. He also joked that Johnson, along with his cabinet, never would have got through the first round of auditions of The Apprentice.