Lewis Hamilton has set Mercedes a target to secure victories before the end of the season after a difficult year for the Silver Arrows. Hamilton revealed he was confident the team could top the podium this year but stressed “one win was not enough”. The seven-time champion also claimed he was helping to steer the team in the right direction to challenge next season. Speaking to Viaplay, Hamilton said: “There's a lot of pride in everyone's work as it should be, but I really do hope by the end of the year, we're able to get a win. I truly believe we will get a win this year. "One win is not enough for us in terms of what we work for, but it will hopefully be in good stead for next year. I think right now when I'm talking to the team, I'm like, 'Hey, this is what I don't want next year and this is what I need next year and in this car'. “And so, I'm trying to help steer them to make sure that they provide us with that next year." It comes after Mercedes have struggled to match the pace of Ferrari and Red Bull and sustain a championship challenge. READ MORE: Mercedes 'validated' after ignoring Brundle amid Hamilton improvement But, they have started to find some solutions to the problems with Hamilton now securing back-to-back podiums after a relatively fruitless start. Hamilton’s team-mate George Russell picked up podiums early on in the season but much of this success was down to problems with other drivers. Hamilton’s calls to be challenging for wins in the second half of the season compared with Toto Wolff’s ambitions. The Mercedes team boss has predicted the team could finally challenge for wins if they can jump over their last hurdle. Wolff explained: “If you win the championship in December and four months on you’re not competing with the guys at the front, That is frustrating. Since then we have had a rollercoaster. We’ve been on the podium almost every single race. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's ex-boss feels time has hit Lewis Hamilton 'too hard' [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton backtrack on F1 retirement plan may be down to Mercedes [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton may cost Mercedes over £8,000 due to penalty [COMMENT] “We were strong on the Sundays but never quite there in qualifying and the gap was simply too large. Now it's about trying to understand what it is and in the second half of the season hopefully increase our qualifying pace and then be able to race for victories.” However, Wolff has claimed Mercedes' problems in 2022 were a learning experience which would help the team develop.