Netflix confirmed it had canned its lesbian teen drama series First Kill after only being released on the platform back in June. First Kill had a big response after landing with the show making it into the top 10 of English-language TV shows on the platform within the first three days of release and 30.3million hours of the show watched. The show ended up in the Netflix charts behind Stranger Things and Peaky Blinders before leaving the top 10. Around 100 million hours of the show are said to have been viewed during First Kill’s first 28 days of release, according to Deadline. Additionally, there was a strong fan response on social media to the show, which was an adaptation of a short story by Felicia D. Henderson and Victoria “V. E.” Schwab. Since news of the cancellation broke, fans have been passionately taking to Twitter to call for the show to be brought back with #FirstKill quickly trending. READ MORE: Does Theo die in First Kill? First Kill ending explained First Kill fan @lovingxwomen posted: “maybe first kill wasn’t perfect ( remember their low budget ) BUT the two main characters were lesbians and one of them was black + their queerness was completely normalised and coming out wasn’t the plot. this show was so important!! #savefirstkill [sic].” While @juliettesfang tweeted: “first kill isn't flop but Netflix is! netflop fr #cancelnetflix #savefirstkill [sic].” Another fan @tribadismm wrote: “Imani and Sarah Catherine deserve better. We should continue fighting for them and for the amazing cast and for the showrunner and the creator and for ourselves. First kill deserve another chance. #SaveFirstKill #cancelnetflix.” Poster @calliettefburns said: “first kill has so much potential if only given a f***ing CHANCE! #SaveFirstKill.” One user called @Tayalee0808 posted: “#savefirstkill because dark skin Black lesbians/sapphics matter.” Finally, @ohnaurcleorrr said: “netflix please do the right thing, save your reputation and at least give the production rights of first kill to the creators/showrunner so they can find somewhere else to continue this story that means so much to so many underrepresented people. #SaveFirstKill #firstkill.” Some fans have also hit out at fellow queer show Heartstopper for getting a double renewal from Netflix amid Fist Kill’s cancellation. Netflix has been under fire this year from fans as the streaming market grows and more platforms are launching, proving a multitude of rivals and competition. The streamer has been dropping the axe more often on shows, which it feels doesn’t meet its viewing figures to justify a renewal - this may have been the reason for First Kill’s cancellation. Despite this, Netflix has previously reversed some decisions including giving Sense8 fans a suitable conclusion after canning the science-fi series. Most famously, Netflix uncancelled Lucifer after initially saying season five would be the last one. In the end, season six was the last outing for the Tom Ellis-fronted supernatural police procedural with 10 episodes. DON'T MISS...Where was First Kill on Netflix filmed? [EXPLAINER]Has First Kill season 2 been confirmed by Netflix? [INSIGHT]First Kill Netflix cast: Who is in Vampire Netflix series? [ANALYSIS] First Kill could be brought back if more people watch the show with Netflix only then being able to hit the figures needed. The noise around First Kill’s cancellation and hopefully generating more interest around the programme could also help bolster figures, but it could be an uphill battle. This isn’t the first time fans have been left enraged at Netflix for cancelling their favourite series with Anne With An E and The Society’s loyal viewers still protesting the end of their shows. One fan has also launched a Change.org petition demanding a second series but only 1,200 people who have signed it so far. First Kill is streaming on Netflix now