While plant fertiliser can be purchased from garden centres and shops, it generally contains chemicals and can be very expensive. Instead, gardeners can use a variety of different products to help their garden thrive during the summer months, with many opting for more natural ways. An expert has shared how Britons can perk up their plants using natural ingredients from their home that can be added straight into gardens or onto the compost heap. Tom Hilton, indoor gardening specialist at National Greenhouse, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about which household items are best to be used as fertiliser. He said: “So much of the food waste in the UK could be put to better use as fertiliser and compost in our own gardens. “While fruit and veg scraps are the most obvious and widely used, thanks to being packed full of nutrients and other goodies, there’s actually plenty of other inconspicuous food items that can help to revitalise your plant based pals.” The gardening pro explained that stale bread is great for adding to compost heaps and claimed that “mouldy” bread is “even better”. READ MORE: How to prune lavender for a ‘full and compact’ plant - best technique Tom said: “Stale bread is one that many gardeners will wonder about, but wonder no more - chuck it on there! “While using fresh bread is not recommended, stale bread you should have no issue with, adding another great source of nitrogen to your compost heap. “Have you left it a bit too long and it’s gone from stale to mouldy? Mouldy is even better! “Mould on the bread helps speed up the composition process of both the bread and other materials present in your composting mixture, meaning better quality fertiliser in a shorter time frame.” The expert suggested breaking the bread up into smaller pieces before adding it in. DON'T MISS: I cleaned my greasy air fryer with a 10p cleaning hack [INSIGHT]How to save £232 a year with on ‘quick fix’ - top money-saving tips [EXPERT]How to stop your kitchen sink smelling & remove thick gunk from drain [TIPS] Then when adding the bread, Tom advised putting it in the centre of the pile as the higher temperatures deter pests from getting to the gluten goodness. Those using closed or tumbler compost containers will clearly have the advantage in making certain to avoid unwanted animals in the compost pile. He added: “Covering up the bread with dry materials such as dead leaves is also recommended, with the high fibre content helping to maintain good air circulation in your compost collection.” When it comes to adding bread to compost heaps, opinions differ regarding whether or not bread scraps should be considered a “green” or “brown” addition to the compost pile. However, most agree that its high nitrogen content means that it should be considered a green material. READ MORE: ‘Worst times’ to pot new plants - leads to ‘soil losing moisture’ This is important since compost piles should only consist of roughly one third green materials. Coffee has undeniable benefits when it comes to waking up the human body. However, its power is not limited to the kitchen. Instead, this caffeinated staple is equally as impactful in the garden, where experts are using coffee grounds to benefit their plants. The gardening expert also listed coffee grounds as “an excellent source of nitrogen” and “can be easily scattered across your garden or added to a compost heap”. They add organic material to the soil, helping water retention, aeration, and drainage. Plus, leftover diluted coffee can create a liquid plant fertiliser, too. Tom also suggested using teabags in the garden or in compost heaps. However, gardeners will first need to identify if the bag itself is compostable as 20 to 30 percent may be composed of polypropylene, which will not decompose. These types of tea bags may be slippery to the touch and have a heat-sealed edge. If this is the case, slit open the bag and discard in the bin and reserve the damp tea leaves for composting. The gardening expert continued: “If you’re having a nice dish of scrambled eggs with your breakfast beverage of choice, don’t forget to add those eggshells to your compost too. “These provide an excellent amount of calcium to your greenery.”