Graeme Souness has highlighted what could be a major concern for Thomas Tuchel about Chelsea summer signing Kalidou Koulibaly. Souness has suggested Koulibaly may not be up to the task of playing in the Premier League. Chelsea signed the Senegal star earlier this summer for a fee of £34million. It ended years of speculation linking him with a move to the Premier League. Koulibaly helped Tuchel's side to a clean sheet on the opening day against Everton and scored a fine volley against London rivals Tottenham the week after. But Souness noticed a perhaps lack of determination from the 31-year-old to stop Spurs striker Harry Kane from equalising late on in the match. Koulibaly was then sent off in Chelsea's 3-0 loss to Leeds on Saturday. Souness was not impressed with the defender's performance before he was given his marching orders in the final 10 minutes at Elland Road. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong plan, Chelsea Barca threat, Zaniolo to Spurs  Souness said on talkSPORT: "I know it's only early right. I saw something in Koulibaly last week when Harry got his equaliser. "There were three Spurs players who could have scored that goal, they were attacking the ball. That's why you've got a 6ft3, 6ft4 [defender], whatever he is, a big strong man. "He should be in the mix putting his head on that, at least knocking players out of the way. He ends up standing on the goal line. "I'm looking at him now and I'm thinking you're 31, I thought you were a big, strong aggressive player who was going to attack every ball that arrives in our box. He didn't do it again yesterday, he didn't do it against Spurs. DON'T MISSChelsea learn new price for Fofana as Leicester 'ready to sell'Arsenal told Pedro Neto price tag as Arteta plots late transferMan Utd have a swap deal that can change everything on Antony deal  "I'd be saying to him like 'this is why we got you'. I'm not saying this has happened to him but when you get to 30 plus, you start to think maybe that sort of challenge is not for me anymore. He has to realise that playing in the English Premier League, that challenge he's going to have to make every single Saturday or Sunday." Koulibaly received two yellow cards for similar fouls against Leeds. And Tuchel insisted after the game that his player must not get frustrated like he did. He said: "It is a bit of a reflection of frustration, and it cannot happen. We cannot get frustrated in the Premier League. "It is a pure joy to play games in an atmosphere like this. We should just do it and accept it. It is not okay, and it is not good."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here