The Queen’s traditional welcome to Balmoral Castle has been altered due to her ongoing mobility issues. Britain’s longest-serving monarch, 96, usually inspects a military unit as she arrives at the gates of her Scottish estate. But the protocol has now been changed for her “comfort” as she begins her annual summer stay in Scotland. Buckingham Palace confirmed the change this week with the event to mark Her Majesty’s stay now taking place behind closed doors. Addressing her “mental state” during an interview with Express.co.uk, he rejected claims that the Queen’s son Prince Charles is “effectively becoming Prince Regent”. He said: “That is gossip. A Regent is if the Queen was incapacitated, that is the period that you have a Regency. “You saw that with George III, as George VI was made Regent. “The Queen is mentally totally alert and carrying out duties, albeit changed duties. “I don’t see this as a possibility. We will have to see, of course, what is going to happen in the future.” A Regent can rule on behalf of the monarch in the event the Sovereign becomes incapacitated or is absent. Claims that Charles is now a de facto Prince Regent emerged earlier this year as the future King carried out duties on his mother’s behalf. Among the responsibilities Charles took on included the state opening of Parliament in May, which he carried out with his son Prince William. The two royals conducted their duties in their roles as the Queen’s Counsellors of State, and Charles later read the Queen’s speech. Nigel Farage was among those who claimed that Charles was essentially becoming a Prince Regent. DON'T MISS:Kate and Prince William to have 'bigger privacy' away from Kensington [ANALYSIS]Booking error patient’s refund relief – The Crusader [COMMENT]Prince George excited for fresh start as royal welcomes major move [INSIGHT] Speaking on Fox Business, he was asked if the opening of Parliament marked “the beginning of the changing of the guard”. The former politician said: “I think it really is, it's a really sad moment. “It looks as though Prince Charles is becoming Prince Regent which means he will deputise for the Queen on big state occasions, on big international visits with US Presidents or whatever it may be.” He added: “She is absolutely with it, she's on the ball, she's holding conferences, she's on the telephone, she is, physically in herself, quite well, she's just got trouble walking.” However, Mr Fitzwilliams denied such claims about a Regency, pointing out that it was significant that the Queen's throne remained empty in the House of Lords as Charles opened Parliament. He said: “When Charles opened Parliament, you saw that there was a crown, and he was not on the throne. “He was on the Council throne, so there is no possibility of that at the moment.”