For the fourth series, National Geographic take to the skies above Denmark, Serbia, Scotland, Bulgaria, Belgium and Romania. Using cutting-edge drone technology, viewers will be taken on a visual journey across each country to view not only the natural landscape but learn about their culture. Each episode focuses on one country and the first stop for Europe From Above is Scotland. From the famous golf courses at St. Andrews to honeybees in East Lothian, it's a packed hour-long adventure. Kirk Watson filmed each section of the Scottish instalment in a day, sometimes two, across a year to capture the stunning footage. 90 percent of the content in the breathtaking episode was filmed by Kirk using a DJI Inspire 2 Drone with an X7 camera. To ensure viewers experienced everything Scotland has to offer, Kirk captured video which celebrates both the country's natural beauty but also delves into its history. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed Viewers are invited to learn how a clansman's cottage would look in Glen Coe as a team of archeologists set about recreating the home using native materials. Those watching at home get a 360 degree view of the thatched roof being made of heather and see how the cottage would fit into the landscape. They are then whizzed off to East Lothian where honeybees are dropped off at a secret location to feast on the heather in bloom. This special event takes place over a few months and is said to create one of the most-sought after honeys. But it's not just highlands and lochs on offer, as the series also highlights the various industries of Scotland. Viewers are taken to new heights with Kirk operating a drone on the side of the Queensferry Crossing - one of his highlights of the episode. It crosses the Firth of Forth and is the longest three-tower, cable-stayed bridge in the world at 1.7miles. A steady hand was required for Kirk to stay in control of the drone as he followed one of the engineers to the top of the structure to reveal just how tricky cleaning it could be. It certainly makes for dizzying - yet fascinating - viewing. While many will be enjoying the astounding views of Europe from the comfort of their sofa, National Geographic gave Express.co.uk the chance to learn how the episode was made first hand and experience incredible views of the highlands for ourselves. Kirk was on hand to guide me as I was given the chance to fly a drone myself - albeit a much smaller, lighter version than the one used for the series - and I can attest it's not as simple as he made it look. Learning to keep control of the drone when the wind is against you is no easy feat. DON'T MISS...The 'safest' seaside town in the UK has 'beautiful' beach - full list [INSIGHT]Mollie's Motel & Diner: An escape to the Oxfordshire countryside [REVIEW]Cheap holidays: Expert tips to find the best deal 'savings jump 50%' [UPDATE] And while learning how to fly a drone was incredibly fun and insightful, nothing comes close to seeing Scotland from above in a private helicopter. I was lucky enough to sit up front and take in unimaginable views of Glen Coe and Ben Nevis flying through rain, cloud and even a spot of sunshine. This once-in-a-lifetime opportunity gave me the chance to fully appreciate the glory of Scotland up close. And if that whets your appetite then stay tuned for more as the following five episodes will take you to Denmark to join winters sports enthusiasts at the Copenhill Ski Slope, which is built on top of a power station. You'll then be whizzed across to Serbia where drone footage shows engineers renovating the capital's waterfront with new skyscrapers. Meanwhile, in Belgium, the Ghent Light Festival is a particular highlight as travellers from across the world gather to celebrate one of the largest light festivals in Europe. In Romania, it's race against time as restorers work to save the traditional timber roofs of a church in the Carpathian Mountains, while in Bulgaria drones follow meteorologists trekking to the Musala Weather Station. Europe from Above premieres on National Geographic at 8pm on Thursday 11th August.