After months of rumours and leaks, Samsung has finally revealed its refreshed Galaxy Z Flip 4 foldable phone alongside the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4. Pre-orders for the new foldable are now available, with Samsung, EE, O2 and other networks launching the best Galaxy Z Flip 4 deals to tempt you to upgrade. The Galaxy Z Flip 4 will release in the UK on August 26, 2022. Just like its predecessor, this neat foldable device features a clamshell design with a folding flexible screen that snaps in half. That means Galaxy Z Flip 4 owners can enjoy an expansive 6.7-inch display for Netflix binges, games, photo editing and social media that, when folded, is small enough to stuff into any pocket. The hinge, which has been redesigned from the ground up for the Galaxy Z Flip 4, allows you to open the Flip 4 like a laptop, so that it can be propped up for the perfect selfie or so the handset can stand on its own when you're watching a YouTube video. Holding the Galaxy Z Flip 4 in this mode allows you to use the flagship foldable like a camcorder, providing better stability for your videos, Samsung says. Tucked under the glass and metal case of the Galaxy Z Flip 4 is the cutting-edge new Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 system-on-a-chip, which offers supreme performance whilst also being incredibly efficient. Qualcomm's latest processor brings big gains over the older Snapdragon 88, which can be found inside last year's Galaxy Z Flip 3, and should make switching between apps, running resource-intensive games, and multitasking feel much more fluid. In fact, this new brain is around four times faster than Qualcomm's older chipset and can also handle much more intensive graphics all without hurting battery life. Along with that extra oomph, the Galaxy Z Flip 4 also gets some big improvements to the dual-lens rear camera with Samsung promising that it will now shoot much brighter images especially when the sun goes. The two 12MP cameras, which include the main lens and ultra-wide option, also get enhanced Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) for shake-free photos and smoother video capture. OIS also promises to improve night photography, when the shutter is open for much longer and any wobble can result in a blurry image. There are some other clever features including the option to automatically keep everyone in the frame when shooting hands-free selfie videos – something also made possible thanks to the clever design which allows the phone to stand up on its own. Samsung says the Galaxy Z Flip 4 is the robust foldable to date, thanks in part to the Gorilla Glass Victus+ strengthened glass protecting the outside of the handset. Samsung has tested the new flexible 6.7-inch AMOLED touchscreen to withstand being flipped-open and folded over 200,000 times. To put that huge number in perspective, you could flip open the Galaxy Z Flip 4 100 times every day and the folding screen will still last five and a half years. Samsung has also squeezed a bigger battery inside the Galaxy Z Flip 4 – up to 3,700mAh – that combined with the efficiency of the new Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 chipset should ensure that you get hours and hours more usage between charges. And when it is time to recharge the Galaxy Z Flip 4, Samsung has fitted the foldable with faster wireless charging. It's worth noting that, like most new phones, Samsung is not shipping a charger in the box although owners will get a USB-C power lead included. The Galaxy Z Flip 4 is available in four colours, Bora Purple, Graphite, Pink Gold, and Blue. However, the Bespoke Edition – which allows users to pick 'n mix between 75 different combinations of glass and frame colours has been expanded to 28 countries worldwide. This is still only available direct from Samsung, so don't expect to be able to sign-up for a pay monthly deal and then tweaking the colour of the hinge mechanism on your new model. Prices start from £999 for the 128GB model. Samsung offers up to 512GB of built-in storage. Since there's no microSD card slot in the Galaxy Z Flip series, you won't be able to add more memory at a later date, so those who plan on taking a lot of photos and videos should by the most expensive configuration they can afford. Thankfully, the best Galaxy Z Flip 4 deals offer discounts up to £600 with trade-in, free subscriptions to Disney+ worth £79.90 and much more! MORE LIKE THIS