Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has refused to comment on any Premier League title talk for his side this season. The Gunners are top of the table after three matches but Arteta insists he will not be drawn into any title chat. Arsenal are the only team to have won each of their first three games of the new campaign. Fulham are next up on Saturday evening before Aston Villa visit the Emirates in midweek. Liverpool have yet to win a match this season, while Manchester City had to battle back to draw 3-3 at Newcastle last weekend. City are still strong favourites but Arteta will not comment on any hopes for his side. He said: “We’ve done nothing – we’ve won three games, that's all. We need to beat Fulham right now and in order to do that we’re going to have to be really good - perform at the level we’ve been performing at or even higher. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £8m offer, Chelsea trigger clause, Klopp hint  “You’re not going to hear it (title contenders) from me. It’s the next game, the next training session. We go day-by-day. But it’s a very different problem from this time last year (when Arsenal lost their first three games without scoring) - I prefer this problem, that’s for sure. “We need to maintain the cohesion of the team, the belief in the team that everybody is able to contribute. I keep the standards high and keep the demands even higher and make sure everybody is at it every single day.” Arsenal finished eighth in Arteta's first two seasons in charge and missed out on Champions League qualification on the final day last term. The Gunners haven't finished top of the pile in England since 2004. But Arsenal fan and ex-Tottenham striker Bent believes Arteta can end that drought. He said on talkSPORT: "I do yeah, 100 per cent. If the recruitment's right. DON'T MISSWolves boss' telling three-word comment as Arsenal plot Neto transferMan Utd urged to sign new Van Nistelrooy to replace RonaldoMan Utd boss Ten Hag blanks reporter's questions after Palace incident  "Look what he's done just in this window with the two players that have made an impact. I know he's made a few more like Vieira and Marquinhos, I understand that. "But with [Oleksandr] Zinchenko and [Gabriel] Jesus, look at the difference that's made. Absolutely massive, what that's done. "I think he's done a good job. I know a lot of Arsenal fans are split. There are still some now that say if Arsenal want to return to the glory days, he's not the right man to do it. But I believe he is." To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 