Ever since Apple first revealed its AirPods back in 2016 there has been an explosion in rival firms trying to beat these best-selling buds. Now one audio company is attempting to entice music fans over to its brand with the launch of a new device that's like nothing we've seen before. JBL's Tour PRO 2 might look like any other wireless earbuds but they feature a unique upgrade that will mean less time reaching for your smartphone. Tucked on the side of the charging case is a neat little 1.4-inch OLED screen which offers instant access to controls such as track skipping and volume levels. You can even read notifications, answer phone calls and switch off the Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) without digging into endless settings on your iPhone or Android device. It's a nice little touch and is certainly something nobody else offers its users. Another bonus of these in-ear music makers is that they last for a ludicrous amount of time with a total of 40 hours of playback via the charging case. Once refilled you'll get 10 hours of tunes which beats the five hours offered by most wireless buds. JBL is also promising impressive sound thanks to 10mm dynamic drivers and true adaptive noise cancelling which monitors the background sound and changes the settings accordingly. Along with these new in-ear buds, JBL has also announced some over ear cans called the JBL Tour ONE M2. These headphones feature a whopping 50-hour battery life and full Active Noise Cancelling for an uninterrupted music experice. “We are delighted to introduce the latest JBL Tour lineup, the JBL Tour PRO 2 and the JBL Tour ONE M2. Our JBL Tour products are always pushing the boundaries of what’s possible in headphones and our two new products are packed with innovative technologies. I am delighted with what we have created, in particular the smart charging case of the JBL Tour PRO 2. In our pursuit of new user-centric features, we haven’t ignored the essentials, however, as we continue to elevate the audio experience.” said Dave Rogers, President, HARMAN Lifestyle Division. The JBL Tour PRO 2 and the JBL Tour ONE M2 will be available in Black and Champagne from January 2023 on JBL.com for €249 (£215) and €299 (£260) respectively.