Sean Bean, 63, and Nicola Walker, 52, have joined forces for new BBC drama, Marriage. In the four-part show, Sean and Nicola play a married couple named Ian and Emma, and it explores the ups and downs of a 30-year relationship. In real life, Nicola has similarly been in a relationship with her husband, Barnaby Kay, 53, for 27 years and they have a 16-year-old son named Harry.Sean, on the other hand, has had a more varied dating life and has been married five times.He first wed his high school sweetheart, Debra James, in 1981 until 1988.After that marriage broke down, the Game of Thrones star then married Coronation Street star Melanie Hill from 1990 to 1997. They share two children: Lorna, 34, and Molly, 30. READ MORE:Elton John, 75, clutches onto entourage as he struggles to board yacht Just three months after their divorce, Sean tied the knot with Benidorm actress Abigail Cruttenden, but they separated in 2000. They also share a daughter, Evie, 23.Then, Sean began dating Georgina Sutcliffe in 2006 and they married two years later at the Marylebone Town Hall. Their relationship turned sour and they divorced in 2010 after just two years of marriage.In 2017, he married Ashley Moore and they have remained together. The former actress is 33, which is 26 years Sean’s junior, and they met while on a night out in a London pub.In a new interview, Nicola was asked about the co-stars' combined marriages and she couldn’t help but make a quip on Sean’s behalf.She teased: “I’ve only got one, so Sean brings up the average!”Continuing to Radio Times, Nicola gave an insight into her own marriage and admitted she’s “not a great advocate”. DON'T MISSBrooklyn Beckham mocked for claiming he invented 'new thing' with wife[NEWS]Alex Scott breaks down as she fears 'there is no going back'[LATEST]Loose Women's Charlene White furiously defended by co-star[INSIGHT] She went on: “Me and my husband, because we both lost a parent young, we thought after we had a child that we ought to get married in case one of us dies so that the legalities are clear.  “It is not the most romantic reason to get married but is probably the only thing that would have gotten me to sign a piece of paper.  “I’m not a great advocate of marriage in real life.”Sean has also opened up about the new series and said he had to be “truthful” in his portrayal of Ian. He told BBC: “I’ve never really thought this much about what I say or do, but in this I feel very grateful to be able to have that opportunity. “It’s not method acting, but you really do think about how you are doing a scene. You have to be so truthful in the portrayal to bring out all the feelings and emotions that Stefan [Golaszewski] has put in.”He was also asked about his relationship with Nicola.He gushed: “It’s been a real pleasure for me working with Nicola, and I know everyone says that, but it really has.”Marriage airs on BBC One Sunday at 9pm.