Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold is concerned that Tottenham, Chelsea and Arsenal will be stronger forces in the Premier League this season. The Reds and Manchester City were largely unchallenged as they competed for the league title last term, with Liverpool and Alexander-Arnold missing out by just a point. Spurs, Chelsea and Arsenal have all strengthened their squads this summer in a bid to catch Liverpool and Man City. Both north London teams have spent millions on improving their ranks. Liverpool and City finished on 92 and 93 points, respectively, last season. The closest rival was third-place Chelsea who registered a whopping 18 points fewer than the Reds. Spurs came fourth with 71 points, beating rivals Arsenal to the final Champions League spot. A poor end to the campaign saw the Gunners reach just 69 points. But Alexander-Arnold believes those teams will be much stronger this season. JUST IN: Kieran Tierney’s confession on 'struggling' after London move The 2022-23 Premier League campaign begins this weekend and the 23-year-old told the Mirror: “I think the other teams will get closer. The likes of Tottenham, Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United are all strengthening. There are world-class managers everywhere in the league too. He is backing his team-mates to push for a first title in three years, though, adding: “The aim is obviously to win the league. But I think this year could be the one of the hardest ones to win because of the level of opposition. It’s gone up another level once again.” Alexander-Arnold has earned a reputation as one of Europe’s best attacking full-backs. The England ace already has a goal to his name this season, opening the scoring in Liverpool’s 3-1 Community Shield victory over Man City. DON'T MISS...Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta slammed for 'pathetic' Liverpool tacticPremier League TV sports package rip-off - some fans pay moreMan Utd transfer hint dropped by Crystal Palace boss Patrick Vieira That comes after a season in which he registered 19 assists and two goals across all competitions. But Alexander-Arnold does not just focus on ensuring he has the most assists, instead preferring to keep track of how many chances he creates. After all, assists depend on a striker finishing the chance. Liverpool have plenty of those types of player, though, and Alexander-Arnold’s ability to create a goal could help new £85m signing Darwin Nunez. “One part of me wants to be the highest assist-maker in the league every season. But an assist relies on people converting the chance,” the Liverpool academy graduate adds. “So my thinking is also: if I can be the top chance creator then that is solely on me. That’s in my mind as well going into the new season.” Liverpool begin their Premier League campaign away to newly-promoted Fulham on Saturday afternoon.