Mark Wright,  35, has opened up on life in Australia with wife Michelle Keegan, a welcome break where he can finally be in the same bed every night. The TV star told Express.co.uk he loved how health-focused the country is, compared to the UK. Michelle, also 35, moved to Australia to film BBC drama Ten Pound Poms, and her husband came to stay with her for a while. “I’m having a great time, I got here about ten days ago,” Mark revealed to Express.co.uk. “I’m here for over a month. It's lovely. It was nice. I mean obviously it is colder and the weather has been a bit rainy. “But what's nice about it is - I am someone that can't sit still, even if I've got a day off work I'll always make myself busy with something - but here, I can’t. “So when Michelle's at work, I just get to train, and it's so healthy here, every other shop corner is an acai bowl place or whatever. “For me, it's been a great detox off the back of the show I did with my dad and my brother because that was literally straight before this.” He added: “I'm in the same bed every night for once. So it's actually really nice to come somewhere where I can just be relaxed, work out and just stay still for a minute.” Mark had just filmed the upcoming TV show A Wright Old Adventure with his dad, Mark senior, and brother, Josh, where they travelled around the UK together. The trio celebrate the best places to visit in Britain - and it was a bonding experience for them. Asked if they “drove each other mad”, Mark admitted “there were moments of that”. “The whole point was, we all had our reasons why we wanted to do [the show],” he explained. “Mine being that I’ve been away a lot, working a lot. I don't make enough time for my family. My brother and my dad mean the world to me and my two best mates, it’s great to spend quality time with them. DON'T MISS...Tom Jones bids poignant farewell as he marks end of live performances [LATEST] Escape to the Chateau' Dick and Angel stun fans with big announcement [NEWS] Al Pacino, 82, sports frail appearance in rare outing for power walk [PICTURES] “My brother is coming towards the end of his football career and he's not had the chance to do the things that I've had the chance to do in the last 15 years. “So it was his chance to see that there's a lot more to life after that and being with me and my dad, instead of being on the road of a football team. “And then my dad, he is getting older, losing his brother last year, he needs to realise that there's so much more to life still, it's not over yet. “That was kind of the point of it, and it's exactly what we all did - experiences that we could only have dreamed of. “We were close together every minute of the day - we slept in beds together! “So yeah, it certainly brought us closer, it's amazing,” he added. “I hope it comes across well on TV, but even if it doesn't it's been the greatest experience ever, and one I know we will never ever forget. “We are so blessed to have been given this chance.”