Ajax winger Antony made it clear that he is keeping a close eye on Manchester United's progress as he watched Erik ten Hag's side defeat Liverpool on Monday evening. The 22-year-old has been a priority target for the Red Devils all summer long and is believed to be keen on a move to Old Trafford in order to reunite with Ten Hag before next week's all-important transfer deadline. Antony refused to train with Ajax last week before he was dropped by the Dutch giants for their victory over Sparta Rotterdam on Sunday. It seems as though he is still keeping tabs on United as he attempts to push through a move to the Premier League, with the Brazilian maestro posing for an Instagram story photo with his brother while watching Monday's game against Liverpool.Emerson Santos, who also acts as Antony’s finance and career manager, went on to include a red devil emoji in a live shot of the United match on his television screen. It appears likely that Santos' post, which has since been removed after sparking plenty of speculation, may have been a ploy to underline Antony's interest in joining United in a public setting, but it remains to be seen whether a deal can eventually be struck before the summer transfer window slams shut.United are said to have already seen at least one bid rejected for Antony, who excelled under the guidance of Ten Hag at Ajax over the course of last season. The player is said to be intent on joining the Red Devils as a matter of priority but any successful move is reportedly set to cost the club around £80million, according to Journal O Globo. JUST IN: Carragher in screeching U-turn on Martinez after superb showing It is said that a fee may have already been agreed upon between United and Ajax, with only personal terms left to negotiate before the move can be rubber-stamped. Ajax are standing firm in their desire to keep hold of Antony, though, with head coach Alfred Schreuder insisting over the weekend that he expects the winger to stay in the Netherlands in spite of United's interest in his services."I want Antony to stay, I am assuming that the club will not sell him," the Ajax boss told reporters. "The money that is being thrown around these days is crazy, but I would not find it okay if we sell another player. "We are in a powerful position, financially. Yes, my feeling is good. I understand Antony, but you play for Ajax, we are playing Champions League football. I don't think Manchester United are playing Champions League football."Meanwhile, the player himself recently stopped short of providing assurances over his long-term future at Ajax when quizzed on the topic by De Telegraaf in another major hint that his preference would be to join United between now and the end of the summer window."No, to be perfectly honest, I can’t," said Antony. "What I can say is that I want to come to the right decision with my family, business partners and Ajax, which is good for everyone." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.