The Last Kingdom is on Netflix and viewers are excited for the upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die. One character who will not return is Osferth (played by Ewan Mitchell), one of Uhtred's (Alexander Dreymon) loyal followers. The star has since taken on a new role and Express.co.uk has all you need to know.  Fans were devastated when Osferth was killed off in the final season of The Last Kingdom. The fan-favourite character was protecting Uhtred's settlement from invaders when he found himself outnumbered. Sadly Osferth lost his life trying to protect others, and Uhtred and his friends were heartbroken. He quickly became one of the show's most popular characters, with viewers admiring his wit and bravery. Osferth may not be returning for the follow-up film, but actor Ewan Mitchell will be back on screens in another capacity. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Rognavaldr star takes swipe at the season finale The star is joining the cast of the highly-anticipated Game of Thrones prequel, House of the Dragon. He will be playing Aemond Targaryen in the HBO and Sky series. Known as Aemond One-Eye and Aemond the Kinslayer, the character was a member of House Targaryen. He was the second son of King Viserys (Paddy Considine) and is expected to play an important role in the family feud. The star does not appear to be active on social media and does not seem to have given away any insight into his new venture. In House of the Dragon, it is known that a rivalry ensues between Viserys' wife Alicent Hightower’s (Olivia Cooke) sons and those loyal to Rhaenrya Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy). King Viserys insisted Rhaenyra would be his heir as his eldest child from a previous marriage. Aemond is a fierce swordsman in the original source material and he rode the dragon Vhagar, the oldest and biggest of the Targaryen dragons. He is a major player in the battle between the families. DON'T MISS... Thea Sofie Loch Naess nationality: Where was Last Kingdom star born? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon announces next project [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Brida star admits being mocked by Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW] Since taking on his role in The Last Kingdom, Ewan also starred in the popular crime drama, Trigger Point. He featured alongside Vicky McClure in the high-octane ITV series, about counter-terrorism. Ewan is also working on a short project called Stable, in which he plays a character called Conner. The project is in the pre-production stage, with no release date in mind yet. Ewan has previously starred in the 2018 film High Life alongside Robert Pattinson. In The Last Kingdom, he played the illegitimate son of King Alfred (David Dawson) who became a warrior monk. He has already showcased his talent in historical dramas so he is expected to shine in the upcoming Game of Thrones spin-off. In his latest venture, he will be seen alongside Matt Smith as Prince Daemon Targaryen and Emma D’Arcy.   The Last Kingdom is on Netflix now. House of the Dragon airs on HBO from August 21, with the series arriving on Sky Atlantic and NOW on August 22.