Thermometers will rocket through the rest of this week hitting a possible 35C before the start of next week. The Azores High, a pressure pattern which drove July’s momentous heatwave, is about to sink its teeth back into Britain. It will allow scorching sunshine to blaze through cloudless blue skies, while threatening to drag boiling air up from the south. The Met Office with the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) last night upgraded a ‘heat-health’ heatwave alert across southern Britain to a level-3 amber ‘heatwave action’. A separate level-2 ‘alert and readiness’ warning remains in place across central and northern England until Saturday. Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin said: “Temperatures will rise day on day, and the orange [chart] colours return." “Temperatures will rise into the high 20Cs widely, and across the heart of England and Wales into the low-30Cs. “The highest temperatures will be over the midlands and southeast England, and into Wales where we could see the low-30Cs or the mid-30Cs in some spots.” Thermometers across southern Britain will rise steadily through the week before a weekend thunderstorms, he warned. He said: “The high starts to amble a little further eastward towards the end of the week, but for most Friday is another fine, hot and sunny day and by this stage we could tap into more heat from the south." “We will see temperatures by night increasing as we go through the week." “There is just the possibility that a low-pressure system could introduce some thundery showers late on Saturday night and into Sunday.” While temperatures are expected to peak at the weekend, Britain will stay hotter than average beyond mid-August. A possible thundery deluge will do little to ease the UK’s drought woes, but instead will trigger flash floods. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “The peak of the temperatures will be at the end of the week, although it is fluid and hard to pin down to one day, but we could see highs in parts of the country in the mid-30Cs." “There is still nothing significant in the way of rain for the south of the country, and any rain that does arrive won’t alleviate the drought." “We need prolonged spells of rainfall, and while there will be the risk of thunderstorms at the weekend, these are more likely to trigger flash flooding as the ground is dry. “I expect this warm weather to last for another nine days.” Heat-health alerts in force from today until Saturday warn heatwave thresholds will be broken over the coming days. It states: “High pressure dominating this week, with fine and dry conditions across most of the country, prolonged sunny spells and light to moderate breezes. “Temperatures rising from warm or very warm to locally hot in most regions, with a focus of the warmest weather in central-southern England." “Max temperatures reaching mid 30's by Friday." Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Tony Wardle added: “Heatwave criteria look likely to be met for large areas of the UK later this week, with the hottest areas expected in central and southern England and Wales on Friday and Saturday." “Temperatures could peak at 35C, or even an isolated 36C on Saturday."  “Coupled with the high daytime temperatures will be continued warm nights, with the mercury expected to drop to only around low 20s Celsius for some areas in the south." Bookmakers Ladbrokes has slashed the odds on further 2020 records melting offering 6-4 on the hottest day ever this month. Spokesman Alex Apati said: "With more heatwaves predicted throughout the UK, this month could soon be playing host to the hottest August day ever.” 