Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up on his decision to drop Cristiano Ronaldo and Harry Maguire for tonight's Premier League clash with Liverpool. The duo have both been left on the bench for the match at Old Trafford. And the Red Devils will be hoping to clinch a first win of the season having previously lost to the likes of Brentford and Brighton. Manchester United have made four changes as they look to put Liverpool to the sword. David De Gea manages to keep his place in the side, despite the Spain international’s form dipping drastically since the departure of Dean Henderson to Nottingham Forest on loan. Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia all start - with Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw dropping to the bench. In midfield, Bruno Fernandes plays further ahead of Christian Eriksen and Scott McTominay. And, up top, Ten Hag has gone for a front three of Anthony Elanga, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford as he looks to claim all three points. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Now, speaking before the game, Ten Hag has opened up on his team selection. On the decision to leave Maguire out, he said: “Varane is a very experienced player, won everything and will bring the communication in the back four. “We want mobility and agility in the back four.” And, on leaving Ronaldo on his bench, the 52-year-old said: “We know Liverpool are a really good team and you need to press them. “You have to do that out of a block and need energy, that is why we went with Rashford, Sancho and Elanga.” DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already One person in attendance for the fixture today is Casemiro, who is set to become the club’s fifth signing of the summer transfer window with the Brazilian moving from Real Madrid. And, on the club’s deal for the 30-year-old, he said: "He is the cement between the stones, that is what we have been looking for in the summer and found him. “Very happy with his signing." Ten Hag has also insisted, in a separate interview with club media, that United have the potential to bounce back amid their poor form. “Yeah, definitely. It confirmed my philosophy and now we have obviously [had] a setback but I know the reasons and we have to work on that,” he said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Ten Hag has also insisted, in a separate interview with club media, that United have the potential to bounce back amid their poor form. “Yeah, definitely. It confirmed my philosophy and now we have obviously [had] a setback but I know the reasons and we have to work on that,” he said. “We will clear it. But we stick to the philosophy and the plan. “It was clear that last Saturday I was unhappy with that factor. I think it’s the basic stuff, what you have to bring at least as an individual and as a team on the pitch, but also what the fans can expect from us. “That is what we didn’t do. I feel really sorry after Saturday’s game what we delivered for our fans. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I’ve seen really good things, until Atletico Madrid [the friendly in Oslo]. After it, it’s a drop. “We have to turn that around quickly, but it’s normal in the process. You grow and then you get a drop. But it’s about keeping the right pattern and the pattern going up.” And he added: “It starts with the basic stuff: reliable, you have a drive, you have the motivation – highly motivated. “You want to fight, and you bring it every day on the training pitch. “You want to maximise, you want to strengthen the squad. You are a unified club, a unified team and most of all you are prepared to win.” On the match with Liverpool specifically, he added: “It’s always important but be honest, be transparent. Tell each other the expectation, the demands and stick to that. You have a philosophy, you have a plan, and then finally the people they make the difference.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here