All Creatures Great and Small season three is set to hit viewers' screens in the coming months and will finally look at the life of newlyweds Helen Alderson (played by Rachel Shenton) and James Herriot (Nicholas Ralph). Viewers have been eager for an insight into what they can expect from the latest season, with Channel 5 finally airing a short teaser. The trailer sees James walking towards the camera smiling, with the next shot cutting to Helen in a field laughing. Samuel West returns as Seigfried Farnon and is seen hard at work with his glasses teetering on the edge of his nose. Anna Madeley is back as the loveable and caring Mrs Hall, who is seen donning a navy blue hat and looking content. Callum Woodhouse is also back as Tristan Farnon, who ready to prove himself as a vet at Skedale House. READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death Helen and James are seen hugging and looking at a lake together, as the last clip sees an image of the Yorkshire fields with an airforce plane flying over the hills. The latest season is set to explore the characters living under the conditions of the looming second World War. Masterpiece has reported the official premiere date is Sunday, January 8 2023. Official spoilers and synopsis revealseason three begins in spring 1939 as James and Helen prepare to walk down the aisle. The pressure is heightened for James as he plans to participate in the government’s practice to test for tuberculosis in cattle and will expand the veterinary practice. It could put James on the wrong side with local farmers and cause more issues for their veterinary practice. Helen is also set to face some new challenges as she struggles to let go of her old ways and find her place within the eccentric Skeldale House. Tristan has finally passed his exams and is set to face the world alongside James and Siegfried as a qualified vet. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected [LATEST]Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package  [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [WATCH] He is still desperately trying to win the approval of his brother Siegfried, but will they finally form that close bond? War in Germany looms on the horizon and Skeldale house's irrepressible but unpredictable proprietor, Siegfried, contends with painful memories of his own experiences during the First World War when he served in combat with the Army Veterinary Corps. Mrs Pumphrey (Patricia Hodge) also returns as the wonderfully eccentric owner of Tricki, the pampered Pekingese. The team were careful not to leak any major storylines whilst they were filming, however, the wedding of James and Helen was unfortunately leaked. After their successful proposal, fans were excited to see where their relationship went and if they would be married in the upcoming series. However, photos soon emerged of the characters suited and booted celebrating the finalisation of their marriage. Speaking at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival, Rachel Shenton called out the photo leak. She told Express.co.uk and other press: "Well, somebody kind of leaked photos of us annoyingly, so that's out, unfortunately." All Creatures Great and Small seasons 1-2 are available to catch up on My5.