 Santander stated that to receive the money they need to do the switch through the Current Account Switch Service (CASS). It then said that once switched, people will need to set up and maintain two active direct debits from the account and deposit at least £1,000. The cashback will be paid directly into their qualifying Santander current account within 30 days following this.     Santander stated that the cashback is set to be paid in October and November. Alongside this, Santander has also offered its customers double cashback on their gas and electricity bills, as well as on Santander Home and Santander life Insurance policies that are paid from these selective accounts. The cashback rate will double from two percent to four percent from September. The monthly cap will also double from £5 to £10. READ MORE: ‘We should have the same!’ Woman, 67, laments frozen state pension    This will then stay in place for two months. Customers will receive this additional cashback automatically and cashback on other household bills. Santander also currently offers a one percent and a three percent cashback for certain bills. Council tax bills, mobile and home phone bills, broadband, paid-for TV packages and Santander monthly mortgage payments have a rate of one percent.    Water bills paid from these accounts offer a cashback rate of three percent. These bills are not included in the doubled monthly cap and will stay capped at £5 per month. Santander stated that it was the “only UK bank” to offer 1I2I3 customers “ongoing value through cashback on household bills and in-credit interest” every single month. Hetal Parmar, head of banking and savings at Santander UK said: “For over a decade, our 1|2|3 current account customers have received ongoing value every single month. READ MORE: Aldi creates 1,000 new jobs paid up to £20 an hour     “Today’s package of offers is an added boost, putting more money into our customers’ pockets and highlighting our commitment to supporting them with their day-to-day bills.” Santander’s Everyday Current Account does not pay interest on the balance and its 123 Current Account currently offers a monthly interest rate of 0.75 percent on balances up to £20,000. For saving, Santander offers a rate of 2.50 percent interest AER/Gross for 12 months on its Regular e-Saver. The Regular e-Saver was previously only available for the bank’s 1I2I3, Select and Private Current Account customers.     However, this has changed and the savings account is now accessible to all Santander personal current account customers including Everyday Current Account and Basic Current Account holders. Santander stated that over 5.4 million people are able to get these returns on their savings. The bank has also increased rates across other accounts in its savings product range.   