Manchester United want Antony and, what’s more, the Ajax star wants them as well. The Red Devils are, however, reluctant to considerably improve their £67.9million bid for the Brazil international. And that’s where Donny van de Beek comes in… Manchester United know they need a new forward and, though Cody Gakpo and Christian Pulisic are both admired at Old Trafford, Antony is Erik ten Hag’s preferred transfer target. The Samba star impressed in the Eredivisie last term, scoring eight goals and registering four assists from 23 appearances in the competition. United want Antony regardless of what happens with Cristiano Ronaldo, who remains eager to leave Old Trafford for a team that can offer him Champions League football. They’ve already lost Edinson Cavani on a free transfer, while Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection - having last featured in a 1-0 win over West Ham back in January. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd United are, however, reluctant to increase their offer for Antony at the current moment in time. The Red Devils have seen an offer of £67.9m turned down by the Dutch giants, who have already seen the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Sebastien Haller, Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui depart. And United believe their own offer is a fair reflection on Antony’s worth, especially given how he’s never played in any of Europe’s top five leagues. Ajax are shrewd negotiators, however. And, after an exodus of some of their best players already, it’s hard to see them bucking under the pressure United are sure to apply. So this is where Van de Beek can come in. Ten Hag has reportedly blocked any loan exit for the Netherlands international. He wants the 25-year-old to stay and sees no reason why he can’t get back to the player he used to be at Ajax. Yet if it means bringing in Antony, a swap deal could be to the 52-year-old’s liking. Van de Beek could, perhaps, do with a year away from Old Trafford. Being back at Ajax, a club he knows all too well, may actually lead to him improving further down the line. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already United’s midfield is about to become even more bloated following the arrival of Casemiro from Real Madrid. And given Van de Beek has made just four Premier League starts for United during his two years in English football, it’s hard to see him getting the regular action he craves. So far this season he’s been left on the bench for defeats against the likes of Brighton and Brentford. And there are some within United who feel it would be wise to jettison the 25-year-old before his value drops even lower. A swap deal, therefore, could suit all parties. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United would get Antony, a player who has the potential to become one of the best forwards in the planet - and one seen as the heir to Neymar. Ajax would still get a good fee as well as Van de Beek, who would potentially flourish back at his former club. And Van de Beek would be able to go back to the team where he spent the happiest years of his career. Whether United do consider a swap at this late stage of the transfer window remains to be seen. But Antony has made it known that he’d love to move to the Premier League, while he recently hailed Ten Hag for the impact he’s had on his career. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Erik has been super important to me," the 22-year-old said recently. "I am grateful to him and wish him all the best. I will always cheer for Erik after working so closely together. "I have not been able to celebrate or cheer for him as he got no points yet. “I couldn't until now anyway and that makes me sad. But knowing Erik, I am convinced that he will turn the tide soon. “Manchester United will improve at his hand. At his previous clubs he has proven that his method works." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here