Emma Raducanu and Serena Williams have received primetime billing for their blockbuster first-round clash in Cincinnati. The 19-year-old will be one of the 23-time Grand Slam champion’s final opponents after Williams announced that she would soon be retiring, but British fans will struggle to watch the US Open champion face off against the woman seen as one of the greatest players of all time.  Raducanu has received one of her toughest draws yet, as she will come up against former world No 1 and 73-time title winner Williams at the Western and Southern Open. The first - and likely last - meeting between the US Open champion and legend of the sport is the most anticipated opening round of the Cincinnati tournament, made even more special given the American’s impending retirement. And the match will receive the blockbuster treatment it deserves, with Western and Southern Open organisers already confirming that the world No 10 will face the 40-year-old  in Monday’s night session. Following the draw, the tournament said the match-ups were “highlighted by 23-time Major champion, Serena Williams taking on 2021 US Open winner Emma Raducanu in a match that is scheduled for Monday night.” While the match is a treat for the crowds in Cincinnati, British fans excited to cheer the 19-year-old on against Williams will have to stay up late to watch the contest. With Cincinnati’s night session play beginning at 7pm local time, the match won’t start until 12am on Tuesday in the UK. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal in gruelling training regime ahead of injury return And the tournament is yet to confirm whether Raducanu and Williams will be the first match of the night session or follow on from another clash, which could push them back to a start time of as late as 2am or 3am in the US Open champion’s home country. The British No 1 was full of praise for the four-time Olympic gold medallist following her retirement announcement, and will likely be relishing the chance to face off with one of the most famous athletes in the final weeks of her career after claiming that it was “inspiring” just to share the locker room with her during the North American hard-court tournaments. DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios makes defiant Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal commentAndy Murray's US Open prep threatened by Wawrinka Cincinnati testNick Kyrgios given US Open edge over Nadal as Montreal loss downplayed  “Her career is incredible,” Raducanu said during the Canadian Open. “She’s achieved so much so to see her around during this US Open swing is really inspiring. She keeps playing because she obviously loves the game. “The longevity of her career is something that a lot of the players, especially me, can aspire to. She definitely changed the game. There’s never been someone who’s dominated like her.” 