The incident has now been cleared but the M5 remains closed northbound between J9 and J7 following two serious crashes early this morning. Fire crews have confirmed that six people have been injured in the first incident that happened at around 3am this morning.  In an update at 4.20am, the brigade said: "Fire crews from @HWFireUpton, @HWFireWorcs and @HWFireDroitwich attended a road traffic collision on the M5 between junctions 8 and 7 northbound. The incident involved one HGV and one people carrier. In total 6 casualties were involved." The incident involved a lorry and a people carrier, reports GloucestershireLive. Shortly after at 4.56am, National Highways tweeted: "The initial collision on the M5 northbound between J8 and J7 has been cleared however, there is a second collision between J8 and J7 which emergency services are currently in attendance with. The road remains closed. More information to follow shortly. Thank you." At 5.16am, West Mercia Police said the second M5 closure is "likely to remain in place for some time". Following the second incident, the road closure has been extended to J9 due to "severe delays on diversion route". The latest from Inrix says: "M5 Northbound closed, queueing traffic due to accident investigation work between J9 A46 (Tewkesbury) and J7 A44 (Worcester / Evesham). Congestion to J9 (Tewksbury), where some traffic is getting off and heading through Aston Cross. Note change of details. "Will remain closed throughout the day for police to complete investigation works and road surface treatment due to the large diesel spillage. The closure was between J8 and J7 but has been extended to J9 due to the severe delays on the diversion route. "Diversion - via the M50 and the A38 through Upton upon Severn which is already severely delayed."  READ MORE: Millions of households to be hit by second hosepipe ban J7 motorway cameras showed traffic queuing this morning near Worcester as the closure has caused commuter chaos. Motorists have been urged to use the diversion in place but this is said to also be "very busy". The motorway has been closed to allow for an investigation to be carried out following the accidents. West Mercia Police warned that the M5 could be closed for "several hours". DON'T MISS:Chinese military exercises invade Taiwan [INSIGHT]Putin top mercenary KILLED: Wagner thug who 'adored mortars' wiped out [PICTURES]Pelosi praises Taiwan as ‘one of the freest societies’ [COMMENT] Inrix said in an update at 5.35am that the collisions involved "several lorries which have spilled 100L of diesel", adding the road is expected to remain closed throughout morning rush hour. National Highways have told road users to follow the Solid Diamond diversion symbol.