Oleksandr Usyk has called out Johnny Nelson after his recent comments that the Ukrainian is “an average southpaw.” The Brit has been one of the most outspoken pundits in the lead-up to Usyk’s rematch with Anthony Joshua and even stated that he thinks he would have ‘easily outboxed’ ‘The Cat’ if they both fought in their primes. Responding to Nelson’s comments during an iFL TV interview on Monday, Usyk said: “Does he wanna fight me? Why is he saying things like that? Ok, I will finish it with AJ on Saturday and let him come.” In an interview with the same YouTube channel, Nelson left boxing fans baffled when he uttered the famous line a few days removed from the first fight in which Joshua was comfortably outpointed on home soil. “I’m telling you this now, he comes back and gets the win if he changes the tactics. It’s not an impossible ask. Everybody is saying Usyk’s ‘unbelievable and he’s x,y, and z.’ Usyk is an outstanding fighter, he’s an average southpaw but he’s an outstanding magician that’s in front of you,” said Nelson. “I can pick you, southpaws, now. Listen, what I’m saying is his boxing IQ when he’s moving left to right where he’s making you work under pressure I can give you a handful of fighters, not right now, that are southpaws that you think ‘right, that guy is working his southpaw magic.’” Nelson went on to list off those southpaws in a separate interview as he claimed that Usyk is not an ‘outstanding southpaw’ like Pernell Whitaker, Manny Pacquiao, Naseem Hamed, and Tyson Fury. Usyk now prepares to face Joshua for a second time as he defends the WBA (super), IBF, and WBO heavyweight titles that he won from ‘AJ’ last September. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury backtracks and releases new retirement statement Groves perplexed by Benn for three reasons ahead of Eubank Jr fight Joshua told to 'elbow' Oleksandr Usyk as Mayweather fight pointed out Alongside those belts, the Ring Magazine title has been added to the pot after Fury vacated the strap following his re-retirement last week. The pair do battle at the King Abdullah Sport City Stadium in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia on August 20 in one of the most highly anticipated fights of the year. The bout will be shown live on Sky Sports PPV at a price of £26.95 for UK customers. On the undercard Filip Hrgovic and Zhang Zhilei exchange leather in an IBF heavyweight final eliminator bout for a chance to face the winner of the main event. While elsewhere on the bill, Callum Smith, Ramla Ali and Badou Jack all feature.