The Duchess of Sussex released the first episode of her much-anticipated podcast series on Tuesday. In the programme, Meghan discussed with her friend and tennis star Serena Williams how the word ambition can get a negative connotation when applied to women. However, the Duchess and the 23 Grand Slam winner also spoke of how much they enjoy being mothers and how difficult it can be to split their time between work and motherhood. While discussing the latter, Meghan appeared to take a dig at the Palace, suggesting she had to carry on with engagements during the first day of her and Prince Harry's tour to South Africa even after a heater in the nursery of their son Archie Harrison caught fire. Royal commentator Duncan Larcombe, who penned the biography Prince Harry: The Inside Story, warned Meghan has the potential of being even more damaging with this podcast than with her bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. He told the Daily Beast: "This was the opening salvo in Meghan’s 12-week war. "It has the potential to be even more damaging than the Oprah interview because it is Meghan, in her own words, on her own show, doing exactly what she wants, and the fact is she took the first opportunity to plunge the knife in. "This will have come as a great relief to the executives on the other side of the glass at Spotify, who paid millions of dollars for her. "It’s a huge hit, of course, but the fact that she was interviewing Serena Williams is almost completely irrelevant to the listening figures. "Meghan has star power and this was all about Meghan being Meghan." READ MORE: Prince Harry issued stark warning ahead of bombshell UK return Royal commentator Omid Scobie, who wrote the flattering but unauthorised biography of the Sussexes Finding Freedom, said Meghan got her voice back through this podcast after being "silenced by the establishment". In his weekly column for Yahoo! News, he also said: "I’m told Buckingham Palace aides were most definitely not keeping calm, nor carrying on after the show’s premiere on Tuesday, worried about what else might be shared over the next 12 weeks." He added "But then this is the reality that the royal institution helped create. Uncensored and unbothered, Meghan, like Harry, has managed to create a healthier and happier existence since being shown the door after the couple’s half in, half out proposal was rejected." The first episode of Archetypes, produced exclusively for Spotify, was an instant success as it topped the audio streaming service's charts as the most-listened podcast in several countries - dethroning even The Joe Rogan Experience, a programme that has held the top spot for a long time across many nations. During the almost hour-long first episode, the Duchess recalled being taught that ambition was a good thing - but the word gained a negative connotation after she started dating her now husband Prince Harry. She said: "I don’t remember ever personally feeling the negative connotation behind the word ambitious until I started dating my now husband. "And um, apparently ambition is, uh… a terrible, terrible thing, for a woman that is – according to some." While speaking about their pregnancies, Meghan said she was "tired" during hers while the tennis star had made being pregnant "look sexy". Williams replied saying she was "the annoying one" while pregnant, while Meghan was "the one under a lot of stress", a statement with which the Duchess seemed to agree. But the biggest bombshell said during the podcast concerned an episode which took place only hours after the Sussexes had landed in South Africa to tour the nation. While Meghan and Harry were meeting people in the Nyanga township, they left Archie in the care of his nanny at the residence they were all staying. However, after finishing their first event, Meghan and Harry were told "there's been a fire at the residence, there's been a fire in the baby's room", which prompted their return to their base. Meghan went on saying: "We get back, and our amazing nanny Lauren is in floods of tears." After explaining the nanny was meant to put Archie down for a nap but decided to take him with her for a snack, saving him from the fire sparked by a heater in the nursing room, the Duchess said that, despite the shock and people being "in tears" and shaken, she and Harry had to "go out and do another official engagement". The Duchess recounted asking if they could tell people what had happened, but they decided not to as "the focus ends up being on how it looks instead of how it feels". She said: "Part of the humanising and the breaking through of these labels and these archetypes and these boxes that we’re put into, is having some understanding of the human moments behind the scenes that people might not have any awareness of, and to give each other a break. "Because we did– we had to leave our baby." Meghan's podcast series Archetypes will count a total of 12 episodes, with singer Mariah Carey scheduled to be the next guest.