Cristiano Ronaldo was apparently more active on the bench for Manchester United than Erik ten Hag after Brighton took the lead midway through the first half. Ronaldo faces an uncertain future at Old Trafford, but declared himself ready to play for United's opening Premier League fixture against Brighton.  That's despite the Portuguese football icon missing most of United's pre-season fixtures due to 'family reasons' and some disagreements with Ten Hag. The new United boss was not impressed at Ronaldo and Diogo Dalot after the pair left last week's pre-season friendly against Rayo Vallecano early, calling it "unacceptable". Multiple reports have linked Ronaldo with a move away from Old Trafford, but he was in the squad for their opening Premier League fixture against Brighton. He was only named on the bench though with Christian Eriksen occupying the central role in United's attack. The game started slowly with United creating half chances, but Robert Sanchez was barely troubled. That all changed on the half hour mark when Danny Welbeck had broke the offside trap before drilling in a low cross where Pascal Gross was waiting to tap into an empty net.  Brighton fans immediately sprung out their seats to celebrate while United supporters were noticably stunned. Cameras soon panned to Ten Hag, who didn't even react to the goal going in. But Ronaldo was much more active on the bench as he waved his arms in the air. The forward appeared to try and rally his team-mates to pick themselves back up and not let the goal affect them. United failed to learn their lesson though with Brighton continuing to find pockets of space in midfield to feed into their attacking players. And Gross ended up bagging his second just nine minutes later after good work from Solly March, who saw his drilled shot parried away by David de Gea. But the Spaniard incidently pushed the ball into the path of Gross, who beat Fred to the ball to once again tap in from close range. Ten Hag was once again motionless on the touchline with United unable to find a way back into the match before the break. Despite United's poor opening 45 minutes, Ten Hag opted against making any changes at half-time. Ronaldo had his shirt in his hands while sat on the bench, but will have to wait to make his first appearance of the new season. 