Hair loss is a year-round occurrence for some people, but extreme weather conditions can exacerbate the issue. There is evidence that hot spells, for instance, may cause hair follicles to enter the telogen effluvium state. With the mercury set to soar in the coming days, one expert has shared some tips to keep your locks intact. According to health experts at FROM MARS, male heatwave hair loss can be avoided. The health practitioners explain that hair loss occurs in two ways; shedding and breakage. The former is where hair falls out from the root, which can be identified by a white tip at the end of the hair strand. Breakage, on the hand, occurs when the hair shaft becomes brittle or weak, resulting in it breaking off anywhere along the strand of hair. READ MORE: ‘Women in grip of a hair loss pandemic’ - expert tips for hair loss Navin Khosla, Superintendent Pharmacist at FROM MARS, said: “During the summer months we want to be able to enjoy the sun and the activities on offer, but we also need to ensure we are looking after our bodies and our hair simultaneously. “Hair care can easily be forgotten as we often don’t notice the damage until it’s too late, so by keeping this advice in mind, your hair can stay healthy throughout the year.” Precautions are particularly important during spells of hot weather, as this can destroy the proteins inside the strands of hair, which eventually dry out the cuticles. “The sun is one of the main culprits for summer hair loss, drying the hair out and increasing the chances of breakage," added the superintendent. He continued: "You need to also be sure you’re protecting your scalp from possible sunburn as this can damage the hair follicles and increase the possibility of hair loss." Hydration is equally important, according to the pharmacist. "Make sure you’re drinking plenty of water or juice and eating foods, such as watermelon, to maintain hydration levels,” noted Mr Kohlsa. “When your hair follicles are deprived of enough water and nutrients, they can become damaged and hair growth can be halted. READ MORE: Hair loss: The ‘superfoods’ to boost hair growth - ‘Powerful’ “Dehydration can also cause the hair strands to become dry and brittle, leading to accelerated breakage.” The health platform Pharmica UK explains that each hair strand goes through several hair growth cycles. These stages are anagen (growth), catagen (transition) and telogen (resting). According to the health body, each strand of hair has a life cycle of between two and six years, where hairs form normally. During the summer months, hairs tend to remain in the telegenic phase for a longer period of time.