James Murray, 54, has been named as the man who died after his lorry overturned on the M8 at Hermiston Gate on Tuesday, August 23 at around 4pm. He was rescued from the heavy goods vehicle after the incident, but was pronounced dead at the scene. The road was closed for around 12 hours while crash scene investigators recovered the lorry and examined the area. No other vehicles were involved in the incident. In a statement, Mr Murray’s wife, Julie Murray, said he was a “fantastic dad” to their son and daughter. She said: “There are no words that can truly describe the devastation and pain our family feels just now. “James was my life and a fantastic dad to Lauren and Jamie and also a wonderful son. “It’s so hard to comprehend what has happened and to think we will never see his smile or hear his laughter again.”  The vehicle overturned a short distance west of the Hermiston Gait roundabout. Following the incident the road was closed for around 12 hours to allow for an investigation at the scene, and to allow for the vehicle to be recovered. Sergeant Paul Ewing, of Police Scotland’s Road Policing Unit, said at the time: “Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the man involved in this incident. “Our enquiries to establish what led to this incident are ongoing and I would urge anyone with information to come forward. Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances around the incident.  The RMT also said Government transportation cuts will see Network Rail axe 2,500 rail maintenance jobs in a bid to make £2 million in savings over the next two years. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch told Sky News’s Sophy Ridge: “We have to fight this because we haven't had any pay rises, we are faced with thousands of job cuts and they want to rip up our terms and conditions in a form of hire and re-hire that is internal to the railway. "If there is not a settlement we will continue our campaign. I think there are going to be many more unions balloting across the country because people can't take it anymore." The M8 faced severe traffic this week as industrial action hit on Tuesday and Thursday, with another set for Saturday. Other severely affected motorways include the M74, and A9 in Scotland, as well as the M4, A55, A5, and A483 in Wales. 