Manchester United star Christian Eriksen seems to have aimed a sly dig at the club’s underperforming players after their 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday night. The Red Devils went into the game expected to lose after previously succumbing to defeats in their first two Premier League matches. But they turned on the style at Old Trafford to claim all three points at the expense of their fierce rivals. Manchester United made four changes for their match with Liverpool. Out came Harry Maguire, Cristiano Ronaldo, Fred and Luke Shaw - with the quartet all previously struggling in the club’s 4-0 defeat to Brentford. And those changes paid off, with goals from Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford putting Liverpool to the sword and giving the Red Devils their first three points of the season at the third time of asking. Prior to the contest, much had been made about United’s running statistics during their showdown against Brentford. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal The Bees ran 14km more than Erik ten Hag’s side but, in the Liverpool showdown, United made 51 more sprints than their fierce rivals. And Eriksen, speaking to club media, has now aimed a sly dig at underperforming stars by saying: “It's great to play with players who want to play football and run." When asked about why United were improved, he stated: "I think our intensity compared to the Brentford game [was the biggest difference]. "Obviously, we made a few mistakes against them that gave them the advantage and, today, we started on the front foot and were the better team in the first half. "I think it [the togetherness] started after losing two games. "This has been about coming together and getting back to the basics. “We needed to show that we were better doing the basics and I think we did that today.” Ten Hag has become the first United manager to claim their first victory against Liverpool, making history in the process. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And he hailed goalscorers Sancho and Rashford for their goals, while also backing the duo to become even better in the coming weeks and months ahead. "In their mindset they may think I cannot do all the defending work and threat in offence but today you can see they can do it, it has to be a way of life and they will get stronger,” he told BBC Sport. “When we press this way it is difficult for opponents to get out and play their football. “When you win the ball, you can get in behind, dribble behind, make combinations and it makes football fun for them. That is what I saw and they get the rewards. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "It starts with the mindset, they understand this is that attitude they have to bring, it starts in the preparation. “We have to enjoy in the next 24 hours but then focus on the next game. “Every game is a battle, there are no easy wins in the Premier League, that is what this team needs to understand. Therefore we need leadership and when we bring that we have good footballers." And he also said: "The first win of course brings a lot of joy. We had a difficult start but I am very happy especially for the fans and against Liverpool. "I enjoyed it from the first minute, it was such a big fight. Both teams made a huge performance and it was a great night especially for the Manchester United fans. "We had quite a good pre-season, played on a good level then had some setbacks. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It was not easy to deal with that but when you start in the process you find out the characters and behaviours of individuals and the team and I was definitely not satisfied with that, especially against Brentford. “Today you saw the reaction, that is the attitude. “I don't think they can always bring it that far as today but you can always have energy, always focus, always fighting spirit and those demands is a base for the team to win games.” United will now be hoping to build on their victory when they lock horns with Southampton on Saturday. They drew 1-1 both home and away against the Saints last term under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here