A Raheem Sterling brace against a Wesley Fofana-less Leicester secured Chelsea their first win since their opening day victory against Everton. The 10-man Blues, who lost Conor Gallagher to a first-half red card, survived a late Foxes onslaught to win 2-1 at Stamford Bridge. Here are five things Express Sport learned. Sterling scores but attacking trio failing to click Thomas Tuchel fielded the same front three that has started the Blues’ three other Premier League fixtures so far, but Sterling, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz are taking a while to truly click. Sterling’s goal early in the first half was the first time any of the trio had scored this season. A move for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang - or another striker - could not come soon enough. Havertz played well as a No 9 when Romelu Lukaku struggled last season, but the German featuring in the role cannot be a long-term option. Sterling then added a second midway through the second half. But there is still plenty of work to do to get Chelsea’s attacking clicking. JUST IN: Liverpool 'bid' for Frenkie de Jong 'not recorded' by Barcelona Gallagher’s disaster could see him loaned out Gallagher has turned down several loan offers this summer in a bid to impress at Chelsea. The 22-year-old, a boyhood Blues fan, has been desperate to forge a career at Stamford Bridge. But two overzealous challenges saw Gallagher’s afternoon end after just 28 minutes. This red card could prompt Tuchel to send the academy graduate back out on loan.  Chelsea are widely expected to sign another midfielder this summer, while N’Golo Kante will soon return from injury. That will see Gallagher pushed further down the pecking order. Crystal Palace, where Gallagher impressed last season, would jump at the chance of taking the midfielder back for another term. The England starlet would not be short of options. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'reach transfer agreement' for Conte's eighth summer signingErik ten Hag replies to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer question with vowChelsea 'make intentions clear' to duo's agents amid Aubameyang talks Wesley Fofana will go straight into Chelsea’s team Fofana is edging closer to a move from Leicester to Chelsea. The defender hinted that a deal could be imminent on Twitter on Saturday. The 21-year-old was not involved in this game but will surely go straight into Chelsea’s team when his transfer is confirmed. Harvey Barnes’ second-half strike was the third time Chelsea have conceded in their four matches this term. Question marks over Edouard Mendy Edouard Mendy was criticised for his part in the defeat by Leeds, dithering on the ball and allowing Brenden Aaronson to open the scoring at Elland Road. And the shot-stopper will face further scrutiny for his role in Barnes’ goal for Leicester at Stamford Bridge. It was the goalkeeper’s poor kick into the middle of the pitch that allowed Leicester to regain possession. Barnes then drove forward and, from a tight angle, fired an effort into Mendy’s near post. The 29-year-old should have saved the effort. Chelsea should have enough for Champions League qualification if they sign three players Tuchel has the foundations of an excellent side at Chelsea, and three more deals should secure them Champions League football. Fofana will complete an excellent defensive trio alongside Thiago Silva and Kalidou Koulibaly, allowing Reece James to return to right wing-back. Aubameyang will make Chelsea more clinical in the final third. Another midfielder - perhaps Frenkie de Jong - would be beneficial.