 Pensioners can get a valuable top up worth almost £3,000 in total this year, yet almost a million who are eligible will miss out. Friends and family are being urged to check whether their loved ones know it exists.    As the cost of living crisis intensifies Britons are overlooking billion pounds worth of tax breaks and state benefits that could go a long way towards easing their financial problems, said AJ Bell head of retirement policy Tom Selby. “The tax and pension system has become more and more complex over the years and many are missing out on thousands of pounds of extra income or support.” Incredibly, an estimated 850,000 of the poorest pensioners fail to claim hugely valuable state benefit called Pension Credit. This is available to single retirees living on less than £182.50 a week and couples on less than £278.70. In total they lose a staggering £1.7 billion a year by failing to claim, which works out at roughly £2,000 each on average. Tthey will also miss out on further support.  Pensioners may be eligible if their sole source of income is the old basic State Pension, which currently pays a maximum of just £141.85 a week to those who retired before April 6, 2016, or £7,376.20 a year. Pension Credit would top this up by £40.75 a week, giving them an extra £2,119 a year, transforming lives. Yet Selby warns that not everyone will get it. “A couple who both got the full basic State Pension would actually be over the income threshold for claiming Pension Credit.” That’s because they would get total weekly income of £283.70 in total, which is above the pension credit threshold of £278.70 for couples. This is a real blow for couples, who will feel aggrieved that they are not getting the same level of support as single people. Some pensioners may be able to claim anyway, Selby said. “You will be entitled to additional pension credit, say, if you also receive Carer’s Allowance or disability support.” READ MORE: State pension boost: 4 easy ways to increase amount  Pension Credit also unlocks further financial support, as we reported on Monday. If you make a successful claim for Pension Credit, it should also ensure that you qualify for the £650 Cost of Living Payment. This would give extra support totalling £2,849 per year. That could be enough to guard against the terrifying energy bill increases coming their way this winter, Selby said. “To get the first Cost of Living Payment of £326, you must have received, or later receive, Pension Credit between April 2022 to 25 May 2022. If someone applied for Pension Credit now, with their claim backdated three months, they could still be eligible. DON'T MISS:State pensioners on track for bumper pay rise as inflation hits 10.1% [LATEST]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [REVEAL]DWP's most underclaimed benefit: What is it and who is elible? [INSIGHT]   If you miss it, there is still time to claim Pension Credit and qualify for the second Cost of Living payment of £324, to be paid some time in the autumn. Pension credit also unlocks other support, including housing benefit, mortgage interest support, council tax reduction, free over-75s TV licence, help with NHS dental treatment, glasses and transport costs for hospital appointments, and heating support. Applicants must have reached the State Pension age of 66. They may qualify even if they have some savings or income. Some may get extra money if they have other responsibilities and costs, such as caring duties. Those with a severe disability might get extra money every week if they claim Attendance Allowance, the middle or the highest rate of Disability Living Allowance (DLA) or the daily living component of Personal Independence Payment (PIP). Claimants can apply up to four months before they reach State Pension age. You can apply online or call the Pension Credit claim line on 0800 99 1234. A friend or family member can get in touch on your behalf if you cannot use the phone.