Japandi is the latest hybrid trend combining the best of Japanese interior minimalism with Scandinavian simplicity and functionality. Simple, stripped-back designs and natural materials are some of its key attributes, and it’s becoming a go-to for many redesigning the interior of their properties. While the trend might feel fresh and contemporary, the blend of styles actually originated in the late 19th century when “Danish designers began travelling to Japan after the 220-year closed border policy was lifted”, according to Julia Kendell, interior designer on BBC’s DIY SOS and lead designer at Kendell + Co. The Danish travellers found mutual aesthetic principles, which Ms Kendell defined as: “respect for craftsmanship and a connection with nature so are perfect bedfellows in interior styling.” However, over the past three years, Japandi has become increasingly influential in interiors and is now looking set to be the ‘go-to’ look for the year ahead. So why has the design suddenly become so popular? READ MORE: ‘Will be making a comeback’: Top bathroom trend for 2022  Ms Kendell said: “With the uncertainty of the past three years, we are looking for calm, reassuring spaces at home that allow for ‘easy living’ and connect us to nature. “Influenced by the Japanese philosophy of ‘Wabi-Sabi’, which values a slow pace of living, acceptance of imperfection and simple contentment, combined with the ever popular ‘hygge’ Scandinavian way of life embracing cosy moments and well-being, Japandi is the perfect antidote to today’s unnerving times. “As a trend, it also sits very well with our desire to declutter and only surround ourselves with items that are either highly functional or that we love.” Japandi styling centres on light and airy spaces and a neutral colour palette, nothing jarring or dominating, using pale wood and natural materials at its core, according to Ms Kendell.  She said: “Think craftsmanship (‘sashimono-shi’) and furnishings that will stand the test of time. “To distinguish it from the Scandi trend, darker tones, whether dark stained timber or dark painted elements provide contrast, depth and visual interest to the scheme. “The feel of the room should be one of serenity and lightness with cosy textural elements to soften the look and create a space to truly relax in.” To start with, keeping the colour palette neutral and natural is key. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's home with Prince Harry embraces 'Japandi' style [INSIGHT]Kitchen trends to avoid right now - ‘you’ll resent it’ [ANALYSIS]‘Excellent homemade traps’ to get rid of ants and flies in your home [EXPLAINED]    Ms Kendell said: “Keep the colour palette to entirely muted natural colours, whether warm grey, soft greens, oatmeal and stone. “Add in elements of indigo, charcoal or rust. Don’t shy away from black accents as they can be transformative for anchoring a room.” Like the colour palette, materials should also be natural, too. Ms Kendell said: “Plenty of rattan, cotton, paper and natural timber throughout. Where possible, use timber flooring with either a matt lacquer or light paint finish to increase the feeling of space.” Ms Kendell advised: “Lighting should be soft and dimmable and window treatments light enough to allow maximum daylight into the room.” Unsurprisingly, the key to the successful, minimalistic Japandi interior is zero-clutter. Ms Kendell said: “Clean lines and well-chosen pieces that are meaningful in your family create the ‘grounding’ we all crave from our homes. “Embrace ‘danshari,’ and get rid of any items that are weighing you down or don’t provide happy feels.”  She also advised to mix old and new pieces and focus on quality over quantity. Ms Kendell said: “Without doubt, one of the best additions to any ‘healthy’ home is houseplants. “Not yellowing, uncared for plants in a corner, but lush and loved plants that will bring nature indoors, improve your air quality, reduce stress levels and create welcoming and happy energy.” For more tips from Ms Kendell, attend a one-on-one consultation with her at the London Homebuilding & Renovating Show from September 30 to October 2 at the ExCeL, London. Express readers can pick up free tickets for the event, here. 