Vincent Simone, 43, who appeared as a professional dancer on Strictly Come Dancing from 2006 until 2012, has dished on his pal Anton Du Beke's judging role on the hit BBC show. The veteran star said it was "about time" the dancer was given a permanent spot on the panel. Earlier this year, it was announced Anton, 56, would replace Bruno Tonioli on Strictly. The Italian dancer and choreographer, 66, had been on the judging panel since the hit series began in 2004, before announcing his shock departure in May. Speaking in a new interview, Vincent shared his delight at his pal and former co-star Anton taking on the judging role. The professional dancer had temporarily stepped in for Bruno during the pandemic last year. READ MORE: Anita Dobson talks mistake after Brian May's 'near death' heart attack "It was about time," Vincent shared. "I was really excited about him joining [the show] because like myself being a professional dancer to being a top judge on one of the biggest shows on the planet." He went on: "I'm really proud of him. I've watched him. We are very good friends. I've known him since I was 17-years-old. We used to compete on the dancefloor in competitions. "He always joked about me being Italian. Always had good banter. He is one of the funniest people I know."  The professional dancer continued: "I feel like a proud brother. Seeing him on the panel. It's brilliant. "I speak to people when they come to see my shows and when I meet them by the stage door and everyone loves Anton." Anton was announced as Bruno's replacement in May. The long-serving dancer had proved a hit with viewers after standing in for Bruno in the 2021 series when Covid travel restrictions put a stop to his border hopping. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose bares all as she reclines topless narrowly covering modesty[LATEST]Loose Women's Denise Welch causes a stir with 'Strictly NDA' hint[STRICTLY]Inside Rod Stewart and wife Penny's getaway with rocker's seven kids[PICTURES] Meanwhile, Vincent will be taking his first ever solo tour on the road later this year with Tango Passions. The professional dancer revealed he fell in love with the Argentine Tango from an early age as his new show plans to take the audience on a journey. Speaking about his show Tango Passion, he said: "Nobody can do what I do. "It's the most beautiful dance in the world the Argentine Tango. I'm excited to bring back this beautiful dance on stage and for people to live this wonderful dance, full of emotions. I'm very excited." The Argentine Tango King will be dancing alongside his leading lady Paula Duarte "We know people love this dance. It's special. There is nothing like this happening - apart from me getting involved and bringing it on to stages around the UK," Vincent remarked. "It's a once in a lifetime opportunity. So I hope people will come and watch it." Tango Passions will be touring around the UK from September 14 – November 6. Featuring music from Astor Piazzolla and Gotan Project. This sexy, steamy, passionate night is not to be missed! Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.