The second season of NCIS Hawaii and the 20th run of NCIS will both kick off with a bang in September as the likes of Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) join forces. Together, they’ll be faced with the task of clearing Gibbs (Mark Harmon) replacement Alden Parker’s (Gary Cole) name following the explosive season 19 cliffhanger. And they won’t be alone as a first-look snap from the crossover has confirmed Gibbs’ old pal Tobias Fornell (Joe Spano) will be on hand to help. Fornell hasn’t been seen in the world of NCIS since he made a rare comeback in season 19. And it just so happened to be during the very first time the NCIS and Hawaii teams put their heads together. In the episode titled Starting Over, Fornell reentered the fray following the death of a retired Navy Lieutenant Commander who fell to his death. It soon transpired Fornell had called him five times during the morning of the victim’s demise. READ MORE: NCIS season 20 theory: Jane Tennant to take down The Raven in twist Fornell was ruled out of any foul play and instead insisted he helped McGee (Sean Murray) and the team investigate. What followed was Fornell being able to move on from the grief he endured following the loss of his own daughter and put it to good use by consoling another bereaved dad. His return also proved that even with Gibbs out of the picture, there was still a spot on the show without his long-time pal. Now, with the season 20 premiere just weeks away, Fornell has been pictured alongside the likes of Tennant and McGee as part of the next crossover event. Donning a bullet-proof vest, actor Spano joined his co-stars for a snap in-between takes as they smiled for the camera. Joining him were stars Cole, Murray, Tennant, Valderrama and Jessica Knight star, Katrina Law. But why has Fornell returned and given Spano is decked in protective wear, could he find himself in danger? Fans will have to wait until September 19 to find out for sure but in the meantime, many have been expressing their excitement at seeing him back in the fold. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA's Caleb Castille confirms return of key location in season 14How much money did Michael Weatherly make from NCIS role?NCIS' Abby Sciuto was almost replaced by Hollywood A-lister Twitter user @ahtolevad shared the snap from filming with the caption: “EVEN FORNELL IS BACK.” Callum Smith replied: ”Woah. Fornell returns as well?? Nice, I’m so looking forward to the next seasons. Bring them on #NCISHawaii #NCIS.” While @upsteadchenford added to the excitement by penning: “FORNELL!!!!!!! LOVE U KING.” (Sic) Spoilers for the crossover have been kept under wraps in regards to Fornell’s comeback but the synopsis by CBS has teased some details of what to expect. It reads: “Following the cliffhanger season 19 finale, with Special Agent Alden Parker still on the run with his ex-wife Vivian (Terri Polo), the team investigates who from his past might have a personal vendetta against him in hopes of clearing Parker’s name. “Enlisting the help of NCIS: Hawaii’s Special Agent Jane Tennant and computer specialist Ernie Malick (Jason Antoon), who are in town meeting with director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) in preparation for a global military exercise, the group tracks down their prime suspect, The Raven.” Will Fornell be the key the team needs to finally bring down The Raven once and for all? NCIS season 20 and NCIS Hawaii season 2 premiere on September 19 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.