New research carried out by finder.com has found that individuals are beginning to cut back on the number of streaming services they use regularly. This coincides with the cost of living crisis with inflation expected to exceed 13 percent in the coming months and energy bills looking to reach as high as £3,500 by October. While households are eager to keep bigger streaming services such as Netflix, Disney+ and Amazon Prime, new data suggests others such as SkyGo and NowTV are looking at consumer interest. The result of this is Britons being able to save hundreds of pounds a year which can go towards essential bills and utilities. Some 19 percent of people in the UK shared that they are planning to, or have already, cut back on streaming due to the rise in cost in living, according to finder. As of today, around 13 percent of people use NowTV when streaming content which is down from 19 percent in 2019. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, finder.com’s editor-in-chief Liz Edwards shared how the cost of living crisis is causing families to review their streaming budget. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Ms Edwards said: “On average, UK households spend around £40 to 50 on their streaming services a month, which indicates Brits have more than just the big three TV subscriptions “Households are feeling the pinch with the increased cost of their streaming subscriptions, broadband and TV packages. “Combined with household disposable income dropping by 18 percent in the past months is certainly leading towards having many multiple subscriptions just not being an option for many UK households. “Netflix’s subscribers have dropped since their prices increased and are likely to drop even further as customers turn to cheaper alternatives such as Disney Plus and Amazon Prime.”  It should be noted that finder’s research finds that almost nine in ten people in the UK have used streaming in the past year. This is up from 82 percent in 2019 but the data shows consumers are becoming more selective about which ones they will stay subscribed to. On this data, Ms Edwards added: “The prolonged lockdowns that everyone in the UK faced will have inevitably sped up the process of Brits trialling and paying for streaming services. “This is reflected in our overall figures, yet it was notable to see the consolidation towards a select few platforms.” The finance expert also shared tips for those who are looking to start “cutting down” on their household expenses. “Always shop around on comparison sites for streaming, broadband and phone deals before you renew, and if you want to stick with your provider, use the alternative deals to haggle,” she said. “I got £10 a month off my broadband subscription doing this when the price was about to rise. “Streaming costs have been rising, but there are still ways to save. Consider downgrading your Netflix plan - do you really need to stream on two or four screens at the same time? “If you switched to a Basic Netflix deal from a Standard one (1 screen instead of 2), you’d save £48 a year. If you can afford to pay for Disney Plus for a year upfront, it’s £79.90 instead of £95.88, saving you about £16. “And look out for perks - O2 is currently offering up to 6 months of Disney Plus free in some phone plans. “But always pick a phone plan that reflects the actual amount of data you use and if you can afford to buy a handset outright and use a low-cost Sim-only deal, for example from giffgaff, you can make big savings vs a contract. “With any free trial, always set a calendar reminder before it ends, so you don’t sleepwalk into a subscription.”