The youngest son of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William has been going to Willcocks Nursery School, a few minutes away from Kensington Palace, since April last year. The same school was attended by Princess Charlotte in 2018. As he is approaching his fifth birthday, Prince Louis is expected to be soon enrolled in a preparatory school. There, he may adopt a name similar to those of Prince George and Princess Charlotte at Thomas's Battersea School, used to keep a low profile among peers. When in school, Kate and William's eldest son and daughter reportedly use their parents' title as a surname - becoming George Cambridge and Charlotte Cambridge. This means the Duke and Duchess' youngest boy will likely be known as Louis Cambridge during his school years. Taking on a title as a surname and temporarily ditching the prince or princess honour is not an uncommon practice among royals. Both Prince Harry and Prince William used the surname "Wales", Prince Charles and Princess Diana's title, while attending Ludgrove School and Eton. The Duke of Cambridge went on to use Wales as his surname even during his years as a pilot following his marriage with Kate - first as a member of the RAF Search and Rescue team and later at the East Anglian Air Ambulance. His brother was famously known as "Captain Wales" after reaching the rank of Captain during his service in the Royal Army. READ MORE: Earl Spencer stuns royal fans with glimpse into lavish home It isn't known when Prince Louis will begin studying. However, it is unlikely he will attend Thomas's Battersea, as his family has been widely rumoured to be relocating from London to Windsor this summer. The family of five has been tipped to have chosen Adelaide Cottage - a Grade-II listed home which is part of the Queen's Windsor estate. This cottage was built in 1831 for Queen Adelaide, wife of King William IV. One of its most famous former tenants has been Group Captain Peter Townsend, who famously had a relationship with Princess Margaret. The residence underwent major renovation works in 2015, which means it won't need any taxpayer-funded interventions should Kate and William confirm their move to this house in Berkshire. Among the perks of moving to Windsor, Kate and William will enjoy the fact the residence is only a short walk away from the Queen's Windsor Castle. Moreover, it is much closer to the home of the Duchess' parents - Carole and Michael Middleton - in Bucklebury. The Cambridges have been tipped to keep using their current home in London, Kensington Palace, as their working office. Their beloved Norfolk residence would continue to be their countryside home, where they often spend their weekends and breaks. This relocation to Berkshire would reportedly also prompt a change in the school attended by George and Charlotte. Kate and William have been reportedly interested in enrolling their children at Lambrook School, closer to Adelaide Cottage than Thomas's Battersea would be. One parent of a child currently attending Lambrook heaped praises on this school, anonymously telling the Telegraph: "There’s no comparing it to the hot house our daughter attended in London – there’s acres of space and no pushiness. "The lessons are fun and there’s a tight, all-inclusive community. I defy any child not to love it."