Plenty of Britons will be looking to escape this summer as the temperature rises and people have the urge to explore the country. New research has found the top 10 cities with the most and least free parking, with drivers being urged to consider it before setting off and paying expensive fees. Huddersfield comes out on top with 11 streets offering free parking, all within walking distance of the city centre. Many of which are close to the train station, but without the hefty parking costs. Warwick came in second with 10 streets to park on for free, followed by Southampton and Torquay with nine streets if drivers fancy a road trip to the seaside. Unsurprisingly perhaps, London is the most expensive city to park in, costing an average of £53.80 to park for just eight hours. READ MORE: Morrisons slashes petrol and diesel prices at all UK fuel stations However, if drivers want to minimise their costs, there are certain areas where they can park for free around London. Greenwich has six streets that offer free parking. From there you can get into the City of London in around 30 minutes on public transport. Richmond also has six streets with free parking, with a 45-minute journey to the capital. DON'T MISSAugust driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules [INSIGHT]Drivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairs [WARNING]‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets [SHOCKING] What’s more, people could stroll around the famous Richmond Park before heading into the city, which is within walking distance of the free parking. Louis Rix, COO and co-founder of CarFinance 247, commented on the findings, saying drivers had plenty of choices to enjoy a summer getaway. He said: “At a time when the cost of living itself is astronomical, we’re all looking for ways to cut costs – but it need not mean that day trips should be off the table. “It also doesn’t mean that you can’t visit some of the UK’s best destinations. “If you’re based in Scotland, you’ll still be able to enjoy Edinburgh’s spectacular sights without breaking the bank. “For a day at the beach, Torquay is your best bet. “You’ll even be able to reach the outskirts of London without having to pay to park in Richmond and Greenwich. “What’s more, all of Britain’s major cities offer free activities to try out, whether taking in the views or visiting a free gallery or museum. “Enjoy the thrill of driving and days out without the stress of including parking costs in your budget. “You may just want to leave early to grab one of those precious free parking spaces.” The research also found the UK cities with the least free parking on offer. Unsurprisingly, major cities made up much of the list including the top three: Manchester, Nottingham and Birmingham. Popular tourist hotspot Harrogate ranks as the sixth worst city for free parking, while other northern hotspots like Wakefield and Sheffield also make the cut. The top 10 UK cities for free parking: 1.     Huddersfield 2.     Warwick 3.     Southampton 4.     Torquay 5.     York 6.     Scarborough 7.     Edinburgh 8.     Greenwich 9.     Richmond 10.   Bradford 