Fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared their simple hacks for killing fruit flies. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Some of her biggest fans have taken to social media in recent years to share their own cleaning hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Elaine Bond asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Anyone else loathe fruit flies? “I’ve tried red wine vinegar, it seemed to encourage more. HELP.” Elaine’s post was inundated with comments the most suggested response was to use a solution of vinegar and washing up liquid. Elaine Redwood said: “I use part washing up liquid, part water and part cider vinegar in a ramekin. “It's amazing how many it drowns. They are horrible little things.” Shell Greer replied: “I used vinegar and washing up liquid, passing comment from my son was it doesn't catch many. “I’ve just took a closer look, there's so many in there.” READ MORE: Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 Karen Stewart commented: “Put vinegar dish soap and water in a cup. “People say to put cling film on top with holes in but I find it doesn’t work so just leave cup open filled to top. They will drown in it.” Marie Blundell wrote: “Yes it happened to me. Made the vinegar/dish soap method and yet it seemed to draw them to the cupboard I keep the vinegar.” Washing up liquid and vinegar are available from most supermarkets and are relatively affordable. ASDA Distilled Malt Vinegar costs 29p while Malt Vinegar costs 60p from Waitrose. DON'T MISSClean your oven with one lemon: How to eliminate grease with 30p trick [INSIGHT]‘Quickest way’ to revive your lawn right now - ‘repairs bare patches’ [UPDATE]‘Easy way’ to clean a stained toilet properly in 15 minutes [ANALYSIS] Sarson's Distilled Malt Vinegar is available for £1.25 from Sainsbury’s. Morrisons Savers Washing Up Liquid costs just 49p. Ocado Original Washing Up Liquid is 70p and Tesco Original Wash Up Liquid is 44p. This hack can be purchased for just 73p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included putting garlic in the fruit bowl, keeping fruit in the fridge, putting a banana skin in a cup and using Super Ninja fly traps. Deborah Williams replied: “I put a bulb of garlic in with the fruit. “Unpeeled of course. It seems to work and I keep banana separated.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tiff Starkey said: “I keep my fruit in the fridge. “However, they are attracted to tomato-based sauces so I used to leave an empty bean can out then after a day of two I would cover the top of the can with either a piece of kitchen roll or a food bag and throw the whole thing in the outside bin. “The tin is usually better if you can keep the peel back lid partially in place. Helps tarp them.” Hayley Elizabeth Halsall commented: “Put banana skin in a cup or glass cover with cling film. “Poke with a fork and they will climb in and get trapped. “Go to the bottom of the garden and release when full then start again.”  Lorraine McCarthy suggested: “I don't have fruit in my house and I am plagued by them. “Bought two Super Ninja bottles. Amazing! Have the odd fruit fly now.” Holly Stones said: “They breed in sink plug holes! Pour bleach down before going to bed.” Suzanne Gunn replied: “Fruit fly ninja is brilliant.” Warren Smith commented: “Fruit flies come when the fruit are over ripe. Throw it out.”