Nothing will brighten up your home quite like giving your windows a good clean. There is a myriad of tips out there for how to clean windows, from making your own window cleaning solution with vinegar to the old newspaper trick. Over time windows naturally get dirty from dust in the air, birds flying by and bugs taking refuge. They should usually be cleaned at least once every month, inside and out. However, while cleaning windows is a relatively easy task, it is also a bit of an art form when it comes to trying to achieve a streak-free finish. Nothing will ruin the effect of windows quite like smeared glass. Unlike dusting shelves or cleaning kitchen counters, with the wrong cleaning technique it can often feel like you’ve made your windows worse, not better. Crystal clear windows indoors and out is the best way to create a good and lasting impression, so here are some of the best expert tips to give your windows a professional clean. READ MORE: 'Hack' to clean glass and mirrors without using chemicals While there are specialist window cleaning products on the market it is often cheaper and more effective to create your own with kitchen staples. If you prefer making your own cleaning solutions, add two tablespoons of white vinegar to a small bucket of warm water. Laura Harnett, founder of cleaning company Seep said: “White Vinegar is a fantastic natural option for cleaning your windows. “Unlike chemical sprays this homemade cleaning solution doesn't fill your home with fumes or pollute the environment.” White vinegar is notorious for being a great window cleaner as the acid in it helps remove the dirt and residue that sits on windows, especially outside. DON'T MISS: ‘Effective’ 99p method to naturally repel mice from homes [EXPERT]How to water your garden plants during a heatwave - ‘key’ tip [TIPS]‘Clever’ features that will add the 'wow factor’ to kitchens for less [INSIGHT] White vinegar is extremely acidic, and that is what makes it such a good natural cleaner. It can dissolve stubborn watermarks, soap scum, and other nasty build-ups in no time at all and as Laura mentioned, it doesn’t damage the environment. The expert also recommends taking care of the water you use when cleaning and opting for purified water if possible. He said: “So many people use a damp cloth and water to clean windows, but most tap water contains minerals like calcium and sodium which will leave ugly marks on your window. “If you need to use water to tackle a particularly dirty window make sure it's purified so your windows are left streak-free.” READ MORE: The ‘best way’ to tell when hydrangeas need pruning - how to guide When washing windows, it’s important to start with the frames first, so you don't drip dirty water on clean panes. A wipe with a wet sponge should do the trick, but if they're very grubby, use mild detergent on wood or specialist cleaner on uPVC. Rachael Munby from Anglian Home Improvements advised: “Wash your frames with plenty of clean, warm soapy water (washing up liquid is suitable) and wipe dry with a clean, soft cloth. “Be careful when cleaning uPVC products with decorative finishes such as Dark Woodgrain, Golden Oak, White Foil, Anthracite Grey, and Dual products as they could cause damage to decorative surface.” For those who do not have white vinegar in their kitchen cupboards, they can switch it for washing up liquid. Dean Williams, Window expert at MD Windows, explained: “There are lots of options when it comes to cleaning your windows. “If you’re looking for an at-home remedy, I’d recommend the simple, old fashioned way of using warm soapy water. “Ensure you’re using a squeegee so you can remove the streaks straight after giving the glass a clean.” Fill a bucket with a simple solution of washing-up liquid and warm water, but avoid creating too many soap suds as these will leave further marks if allowed to dry. After, start washing windows using a non-abrasive sponge.