Anthony Joshua's trainer Robert Garcia has accused the Brit of disrespecting Oleksandr Usyk after he threw two of his world title belts out of the ring following his split decision loss their heavyweight clash in Saudi Arabia. Joshua was hoping to regain the titles he lost to Usyk by unanimous decision in September last year. However, Joshua was once again outpointed by the Ukrainian, although he did put in a much improved performance. After it was announced that Usyk had won the fight, a furious Joshua threw down the Ring Magazine and WBA (super) belts and stormed out of the ring. He returned moments later and delivered a bizarre X-rated speech. And in an interview with IZQUIERDAZO, Garcia said he felt Joshua's actions showed a "lack of respect" towards Usyk and that the Brit "knew that it was wrong". Garcia said: "When that happened, I was not close to him. JUST IN: Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk reach 'one agreement' "I don’t exactly know how it happened. When he grabbed the belts, I believed that he wanted to greet Usyk, and deliver the belts himself, recognising Usyk as the champion or something like that. "But then I saw that he went to a corner, and threw them to the floor. I saw a little bit of a lack of respect. When he came back to the ring, he apologised. "We knew and he knew that it was wrong. I think it was desperation, as if he didn’t want to accept that he lost the fight. But in the dressing room, when we were speaking, we understood his frustration." DON'T MISSUsyk told 'better' fight than Fury that will leave fans on 'edge'Joshua 'wasn't prepared enough' for Usyk as mistake pointed outFury 'won't fight' KSI as Chisora backs Tyson's brother to get KO'd Garcia also revealed that Joshua could return to the ring before the end of the year, adding: "Anthony said that he wants to fight as soon as possible, because he doesn’t want to be seen as a loser. For me, that is the attitude of a great warrior. "I like that he thinks that way. If the fight is in December, there is not much time left, just four months. He can rest for a couple of weeks, but we will keep training, and be in better form for December."