Olympian Greg Rutherford, who competed on Strictly Come Dancing in 2016, offered some valuable advice to contestants of the milestone 20th series which is expected to land on BBC One in September. Speaking to host Ranvir Singh on Friday's instalment of Lorraine, the long jumper revealed he danced for 12 hours a day and "was still rubbish".  Ranvir began by telling viewers BBC Radio Two presenter Richie Anderson was one of the latest celebrities to join the Strictly Come Dancing line-up for 2022. She asked Greg if he had any advice for Richie and his fellow contestants. Before he answered, she said: "I said yesterday, to the women especially, your feet will bleed as you have to train in those little ballroom shoes, it's a nightmare." Greg added: "What I would say is whatever the amount of time they have told you that you need to train, times it by about four or five." READ MORE: John Barnes slams calls to scrap taking the knee  Ranvir laughed: "You are so right about that." Greg continued: "They told me to train for about 12 hours a week, right? "I thought, right, that will be fine, but I found myself training for about 12 hours a day and I was still rubbish." The pair burst into laughter at the sportsman's admission about his Strictly Come Dancing experience.  Loose Women star Kaye Adams was announced as the fourth celebrity contestant to take part in this year's series on Friday's instalment of the ITV panel show. Kaye said: “I said I wanted to make the last year of my fifties memorable and I can’t think of a better way of doing it than showing the world my two left feet. Pray for me." BBC presenter Richie will be in an all-male partnership for the competition. He said: "I’m going to have to cancel my legendary Strictly launch night kitchen party that I throw every year, I’m sure my friends and family will understand. DON'T MISS...Kaye Adams knew she would regret not signing up to Strictly [BREAKING]POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup? [POLL]‘Bellies get in way!’ Ola Jordan says sex suffered due to weight gain [LATEST] "It’s also a massive honour to be part of an all-male dance partnership, it’s so important we have that inclusion on such a huge show.” Actress Kim Marsh and actor Will Mellor will also be starring in the series, but the rest of the line-up is yet to be announced. Will said he has decided to take to the ballroom for his mother who lost her husband in 2020. The Coronation Street star explained: "This is my mum's favourite show and she’s had a really tough few years so I’m doing this for her as well. Bring it on."   Kim, who revealed she has wanted to be on the show for a long time, added: "I’m a huge fan of the show and can’t believe I’m going to go from watching at home in my pyjamas to actually dancing in front of the judges in a glittery dress, it’s unreal." Filming for the 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing is set to start in September. Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Shirley Ballas will all return to the judging panel, and they will be joined by Anton du Beke. The series is expected to see the live audience return as tickets are available now. Lorraine airs on weekdays from 9am on ITV and is available to watch on ITVHub.  