Both type 1 and type 2 diabetes result in the level of glucose (sugar) in your blood becoming too high. With type 1 patients this occurs when your body cannot produce enough of a hormone called insulin, which controls blood glucose. Type 2 diabetes is much more common and the raised blood sugar levels are usually caused by being overweight or not exercising enough. For this reason, food plays a huge part in controlling diabetes and it is recommended patients eat a balanced diet, and lower their intake of fats, salt and sugars if needed. And it’s not just about exactly what you eat but how you eat it too. One expert shared two “simple” changes to make to your meals to reduce the chance of a spike in blood sugar. Registered dietician for Counterweight, Dr Naomi Brosnahan, said: “Couple up your carbs. READ MORE: Cancer: Sunburns on one body part ‘closely associated’ with the ‘deadliest’ skin cancer  “Any time you go to eat something containing carbohydrates (bread, pasta, rice, potatoes or sweet foods), couple them with a source of protein (think meat, dairy, seafood, beans, tofu), fat (things like nuts, seeds, olive oil) or fibre (vegetables and wholegrains). “This will slow down the absorption of the carbs into your bloodstream, and help avoid a glucose spike which may happen if you ate the starchy or sweet food alone.” She also explained how the order in which you eat can make a difference. “Eating your macronutrients (fibre, protein, fat and carbohydrates) in a specific order can reduce the post-meal glucose spike by 73 percent,” she said.  “Vegetables should come first, followed by protein and fats, and then starches and sugars. Imagine you’re sitting down to a delicious steak with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables. “Following this advice, you should eat your veggies first, then your steak, and save your potatoes for last. “The fibre, protein and fat help to reduce the glucose spike. Simple.” “Normal” blood sugar levels are considered to be between 4.0 to 5.4 millimoles per litre (mmol/L) when fasting.  READ MORE: STI symptoms: The 2 STIs causing lumps on the skin - can lead to complications While levels can reach up to 7.8 mmol/L two hours after eating. For people with diabetes, blood sugar level targets are four to seven mmol/L before eating. Blood glucose levels should be under nine mmol/L for people with type 1 diabetes, and under 8.5 mmol/L for people with type 2 diabetes after eating. There are a number of factors that can increase your risk of developing type 2 diabetes including if you:  Unlike type 2 diabetes it is not yet known what exactly causes type 1 diabetes Common symptoms of both types can include: The NHS advises seeing a GP if you notice these signs. They can then carry out a blood test to determine if you have diabetes. 