During the latest instalment of Ms Markle’s Archetypes podcast for Spotify, the Duchess of Sussex revealed at the end of the programme she started to “sweat a little bit” when superstar singer Mariah Carey accused her of “diva moments” during their conversation. The pair were speaking in an episode entitled “The Duality of Diva with Mariah Carey”, and Ms Markle said her head “was genuinely just spinning” when Ms Carey appeared to insult the Duchess by using the word “diva” in a way that Ms Markle did not agree with.    Ms Markle said: “It was all going swimmingly, I mean really well, until that moment which, I don’t know about you, but it stopped me in my tracks when she called me a diva! “I started to sweat a little bit. I started to squirm in my chair in this quiet revolt, thinking that is not true. How could you say that? “My head was genuinely just spinning with what nonsense she must have clicked on or read to make her say that. “And I just kept thinking at that moment, was my girl crush coming to a quick demise? Does she actually not see me?    “So, she must have felt my nervous laughter, and you would have too, and she jumped at the opportunity to explain that when she said diva, she was talking about the way that I dress. The posture, the clothing, a 'fabulousness' as she sees it. “She meant diva as a compliment, but I heard it as a dig, I heard it as the word diva as I think of it, but in that moment as she explained to me, she meant it as chic, as aspirational, and how one very charged word can mean something different for each of us, it's mind-blowing to me.” Ms Markle added: “It actually made me realise, and in these episodes as I've opened the door for conversations surrounding archetypes that try to hold us back, what I hadn't considered is that for some, reclaiming the words is what they feel will propel us forward.” READ MORE: Kate hailed for 'grace and selflessness' after Meghan Markle interview [REVEAL]   Mother-of-two Ms Markle and the American singer spoke about the “complexities surrounding the word diva”, but that complexity appeared lost in translation during the interview. Ms Markle said during the podcast: “I think that's really important for people to remember that there might be this persona, and yes, the diva thing, we can play into. It's not something I connect to.” Ms Carey then said: “You give us diva moments sometimes, Meghan, don't even act like.” A shocked Ms Markle replied: “What kind of diva moments do I give you?” DON'T MISS: Kate and Meghan inherited 12 jewels worth £593K from Princess Diana [REPORT] Eamonn Holmes in fiery Meghan Markle rant 'Move on' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'pinned up as bigger star' than Mariah Carey in podcast [REVEAL]   Seemingly unaware of the offence taken by the Duchess, the singer initially said: “Don’t act like…” before Ms Markle said: “Can you see me right now?” Ms Carey said: “It's also the visual, it's the visual. “A lot of it is the look, let's say you, let's pretend that you weren't so beautiful and didn't have the whole thing, and didn't often have gorgeous ensembles, you wouldn't maybe get as much diva. “I don't care, I'm like when I can, I'm going to give you diva,” she added, while Meghan said: “That's the thing, I associate it differently.” Archetypes is a podcast series launched in partnership with Spotify. Ms Markle’s episode with Mariah Carey was the second instalment after she spoke to tennis champion Serena Williams last week. READ NEXT: Markle hands Harry podcast warning as his memoir 'may suffer a flop'Meghan and Harry 'decided to take nuclear option' in Firm disputeMeghan's 'constant struggle' with fitting in as 'light-skinned woman''Adulterous!' Denise Welch takes swipe at Royals on Loose WomenSerena 'reduced herself to being schmaltzy’ on Meghan's podcast  