 There were almost 236,000 burglaries across England and Wales between mid-2021 and mid-2022, a slight decrease on the previous year. Westminster is the burglary capital of Britain, the Fitzrovia West and Soho neighbourhood seeing more incidents of the crime than anywhere else in the country (338). And the Strand, St James and Mayfair neighbourhood, also in the borough, recorded the highest rate per 1,000 residents, at just under 34. Police figures show someone was charged in just over five percent of burglary cases during that time.  Last year there were almost 236,000 burglaries across England and Wales, according to hyper-local police neighbourhood crime figures. The 3.3 percent drop from just under 244,000 in 2020/21 reflects the historical trend. Burglaries in England and Wales have halved over the past decade, and the number is now a quarter of what it was 20 years ago, according to data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS). Typically there is an equal proportion of non-domestic burglaries – shops, warehouses, offices – to residential home burglaries.  Jeffrey DeMarco, assistant director at the charity Victim Support said: “The impact of a burglary goes beyond just the financial losses – although these can be devastating. Home should be the place where we feel most safe. “A burglary is an invasion of that space and can deeply unsettle people’s sense of security. For some, it could mean the loss of treasured belongings and memories that can never be replaced. The Fitzrovia West and Soho neighbourhood of Westminster suffered more burglaries than anywhere else in England and Wales with 338. Leeds City Centre came second with 330, followed by Central Stockton, Portrack and Low Hartburn in Stockton-on-Tees in the North East with 318. READ MORE: Labour leader Starmer found to have breached MPs' code of conduct Relative to population size, the residents of Strand, St James and Mayfair in Westminster – which includes Buckingham Palace, Covent Garden and part of St James' Park – were more at risk of burglary than any other neighbourhood. There were 33.8 burglaries for every 1,000 people living in that neighbourhood over the past year, the highest rate in all of England and Wales. This was followed by Goldthorpe in Barnsley with 30 per 1,000 residents, then Westminster’s Fitzrovia West and Soho neighbourhood with 29. The average rate across the almost 7,000 neighbourhoods in England and Wales is around four burglaries per 1,000 people. Two neighbourhoods recorded no incidents at all last year, Mayals and Bishopton in Swansea and Ipplepen and Broadhempston in Teignbridge, Devon, making them the safest spots of all.  DON'T MISS:POLL: Should the US back down in Taiwan? [POLL]Britons fume at 'sinister' EU plans to halt UK passport stamps [REACTION]Rishi Sunak confronted over campaign website in tense audience clash [REPORT]American Pie star Jennifer Coolidge 'slept with 200 people' [REVEAL] The number of house break-ins usually increases from July, continuing to rise until after Christmas when the number of burglaries drops off again, according to separate Home Office statistics. Last year there were 42,521 residential burglaries between April and June. The number of home invasions then rose by 9.1 percent between July and September – when many people leave their homes to go on holiday – and again by 15 percent between October and December, before dropping by 6.8 percent between January and March.  According to the Theft Act 1968, a person is guilty of burglary if they enter a building as a trespasser and commit or intend to commit theft or inflict bodily harm. There are three types of burglary recognised in law: domestic burglary such as home invasion, punishable by a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, non-domestic burglary such as a raid on a business, commanding a maximum sentence of 10 years and the most serious crime of aggravated burglary. This describes when burglary is committed while carrying a firearm, other weapon of offence or explosives, a guilty conviction for which can lead to imprisonment for life. There were 3,990 cases of aggravated burglary in England and Wales between April 2021 and March 2022, representing just 1.5 percent of the total.  A person was charged in just 5.2 percent of burglaries in England and Wales last year where investigations had been completed, down from 5.8 percent the year before, according to police statistics. The figures also show businesses are more likely to see an offender prosecuted than a homeowner, alleged burglars being charged with the crime in 7.6 percent of investigations into break-ins at commercial locations, compared to 4.0 percent of burglaries at residential properties. This is likely due to businesses commonly having better security protection, such as CCTV. Mr DeMarco added: “Sadly, too many people still fall victim to burglary. Support services like Victim Support also offer free practical and emotional support to victims – call the charity’s free 24/7 Supportline on 0808 16 89 111.”  You can see how many burglaries were reported in your area using our interactive map, along with how that compares to other areas. Simply enter your postcode below. 