There are signs the current Covid wave has crested but cases are still high. According to the latest ZOE estimates, daily symptomatic cases are hovering above 150,000. As broad swathes of the population become infected with Omicron BA.5, a common symptom is emerging. What's more, the symptom is being seen in those who are vaccinated, which speaks to Omicron BA.5's enhanced ability to evade some of the antibodies induced from vaccination. A sore throat is now a very common symptom of COVID-19 for all age groups. On average, "seven out of ten adults who are double or triple jabbed will get a sore throat with the Omicron variant", reported the team behind the ZOE Health Study app. The study crunches data gathered from scores of users to the ZOE Health Study app, which has been monitoring the movements of the pandemic. READ MORE: Covid: New symptoms discovered and one can be seen in your hair as Omicron wave sweeps UK During all Covid waves, a sore throat has been an early symptom of the virus, usually appearing in the first week of illness and improving quite quickly. It feels worse on the first day of infection but gets better on each following day. On average, a sore throat could last five days. If your sore throat is persisting beyond this, it’s unlikely to be COVID-19. The ZOE team found that during the earlier waves, a sore throat was most likely to occur alongside many other symptoms of COVID-19. People reported a sore throat with varying combinations of symptoms. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Signs on your face that increase risk of death [INSIGHT]Popular drink linked to many chronic conditions - 'Toxic' [ADVICE]Heart attack: Sign on the ear could predict heart attack [INSIGHT] Thankfully, the UK is now in an entirely different situation thanks to the deployment of vaccines. Earlier in the pandemic, we saw higher rates of hospitalisation, depending on someone’s age and sex, especially if they had multiple different symptoms of COVID-19 in the first week of being ill. With Omicron and vaccines, the UK is now seeing significantly fewer people getting a severe disease with fewer than two out of 100 people with Covid needing to go to hospital, the ZOE team said. Nonetheless, you should still take steps to reduce the spread of COVID-19 if you suspect you have it. READ MORE: Covid: The 'uncomfortable' sign of Omicron BA.5 that 'doesn't feel nice' as UK cases soar If you have a sore throat it could be COVID-19, especially if you have other cold-like symptoms. Staying at home if you're symptomatic can help to reduce the spread of Covid to others. Meanwhile, the NHS details advice for how to soothe and treat a sore throat. To help soothe a sore throat and shorten how long it lasts, you can: See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest According to the ZOE team, there was a "distinct cluster" of gastrointestinal COVID-19 symptoms reported early on in the pandemic, one of which is diarrhoea. These gastrointestinal symptoms seem to have made a comeback, with an upsurge reported in the UK throughout January 2022, the ZOE data shows. Some of this was related to the Omicron wave, "but there also seemed to be a wave of other non-Covid tummy bugs going around too", the ZOE team said. Other gastrointestinal symptoms of Covid include headache, loss of smell, loss of appetite, sore throat, chest pain and no cough.