“As much as you love your caffeine fix, stains will quickly develop on your teeth with regular consumption,” said Doctor Khaled Kasem, Chief Orthodontist of European leading orthodontics chain Impress. Unfortunately, stains on your teeth could progress to further damage, leaving you with tooth cracks or decay. The good news is that you can still enjoy your tea as long as you stick to a few rules. A staple of British culture, nothing can really beat a freshly made cup of tea. While this popular drink is enjoyed on a daily basis by millions of Britons, your teeth might not be so appreciative of this hot beverage. Doctor Kasem said: “It might be surprising that tea actually stains your teeth more than coffee, and that’s because it contains an ingredient called tannin. “While tannin can help to get rid of bacteria in your mouth and fight cavities, it can also result in a build-up of enamel that will cause tooth staining. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The 'most effective single food' for busting your levels - It's creamy “It goes without saying really that the stronger, darker the tea, the greater the chances of discolouration.” The bad news is that it doesn’t matter what tea you drink as all share the “same outcome when it comes to the colour of your teeth". And staining isn’t even the worst possible outcome of enjoying this hot drink. The expert warned that tea could even lead to cracks and tooth decay. Doctor Kasem said: “Tea is very acidic and regularly drinking it will wear down the protective enamel on your teeth.  “If left untreated for too long, your enamel will become so weak that it cracks, which can lead to long-term tooth erosion. “If you add sugar to your tea, you should swap it out for a sugar-free sweetener instead, as anything high in sugar can lead to cavities, especially if you’re drinking numerous brews a day.” When it comes to tooth decay, regularly drinking the brew could turn your teeth brown, which represents a “common” symptom of tooth decay, according to the expert. “You should always try to keep your caffeine intake low but maintaining a good oral health routine (brushing for at least two minutes, twice a day) and regular visits to the dentist will ensure any issues are identified before they become a dental emergency,” Doctor Kasem added. READ MORE: Taking two vitamin supplements together found to increase cancer risk by almost 30% - BMJ While this is bad news for all the tea lovers out there, there are certain protective measures that could cut your risk of these problems. The first one is probably something you already do on a daily basis - adding milk. Doctor Kasem said: “Try drinking through a straw and adding a splash of milk to protect your teeth. “Dairy products help to coat the teeth and protect them from harmful bacteria, so adding a splash of milk to your brew will actually help to prevent tooth staining. “Without the milk, the acidic nature of caffeine will attack your teeth and create that yellow/brown colour we all dread.” Furthermore, opting for a straw could help reduce the amount of staining. This way your drink will go straight to the back of your mouth. Another tip the expert offered was having some water between your hot drinks. He said: “Not only does water help to dislodge food particles from your mouth (especially if you’re having a cheeky biscuit or two with your brew), but it also helps to reduce the amount of acid in your mouth. “Water helps to neutralise your mouth and clean out the contents, preventing any nasty bacteria from sticking to your teeth.” Last but not least, ensuring good oral hygiene is also crucial. Remember to brush and floss your teeth regularly, the orthodontist advised.