A Jeremy Vine caller has slammed Nicola Sturgeon for launching a Scottish Independence bid during the war in Ukraine and so soon after the coronavirus pandemic. Stacey rang up the Channel 5 programme on Tuesday to vent at the SNP leader before demanding the Scottish First Minister "sit down and shut up." Stacey told the Jeremy Vine show: "I think Nicola Sturgeon should be ignored about the independence carry on. "So to bring it up at a time like this when, like one of your panel members said the drug deaths we have up here are absolutely shocking. "I think she should be dealing with the likes of that rather than banging on about independence again. "I mean, it just causes arguments with people and I just think she's stirring it up at a really silly time.  "I mean this was meant to be once in a generation, maybe wait another 20 years? "But I just do not think we need this right now. "Not after with this war going on, not after the Covid. "I just think she ought to shut up and sit down really."  DON'T MISS:Brexit: Andrew Neil tears apart dim Remoaner argument [REPORT]Kigali admits it has space for just 200 migrants as UK forks out £120m [REVEALED]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [REPORT] It comes as Conservative leadership hopeful Liz Truss and her allies launched personal attacks on Ms Sturgeon, something which could further strain the relationship between Westminster and Holyrood. The Foreign Secretary labelled the First Minister an "attention-seeker" who should be ignored, while Ms Truss's ally, Jacob Rees-Mogg, said the Scottish National Party leader is "always moaning". Deputy First Minister John Swinney said the attack on Ms Sturgeon from someone hoping to be the next occupant of No 10 is "completely and utterly unacceptable". Ms Truss, who spent time in Paisley as a youngster, described herself as a "child of the Union" and has claimed that "some Scots love me". DON'T MISS:Brexit: Andrew Neil tears apart dim Remoaner argument [REPORT]Kigali admits it has space for just 200 migrants as UK forks out £120m [REVEALED]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [REPORT] At Monday night's leadership hustings she took aim at Ms Sturgeon and her push for another independence referendum in October 2023. "She's an attention-seeker, that's what she is," Ms Truss said as she rejected the idea of another plebiscite if she becomes prime minister. What we need to do is show the people of Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales what we're delivering for them and making sure that all of our Government policies apply right across the United Kingdom." Brexit Opportunities Minister Mr Rees-Mogg doubled down on the attack, telling Sky News on Tuesday: "When she's waffling on endlessly about having a referendum and going to the Supreme Court and all of this, we need to be saying 'Hold on - you're doing this because you're failing to deliver for the people of Scotland, and the United Kingdom Government will have to deliver for the people of Scotland as well'." He added: "I think she's very often wrong, she's always moaning, and we need to focus on how the Union benefits people." READ NEXT:More than 1,600 migrants have crossed the Channel this month'Volatile' political climate hitting drivers with petrol, diesel costsPriti Patel backs down from leadership race Priti Patel tearful while talking about sonPriti Patel shocks Tory MPs as she confirms she WON'T stand to be PM 