Queen Elizabeth, 96, donated £2million of her personal wealth to the refurbishment of Windsor Castle in 1992 after a fire broke out unexpectedly. The fire started in Queen Victoria's Private Chapel, where a faulty spotlight ignited a curtain next to the altar. Within minutes the blaze was unstoppable and had spread to St George's Hall next door.     The fire was first spotted around 11:30. Three hours later 225 firemen from seven counties were battling the flames. The monarch later referred to 1992 as her "annus horribilis", because of all the things that went wrong in that year for the Royal Family. This included divorces and separations for her three eldest children, with the year ending in this tragic fire. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says  It was initially feared that the castle would cost £60million to be restored and that drying out could take up to 10 years. However, the final cost was closer to £36.5million. What does the castle look like inside now? Windsor Castle has seen the biggest rise in value out of all the royal properties since 2019 – increasing £133million in value.  This is a 23 percent increase, which means that the property is now worth a huge £580million, according to a study undertaken by retirement property experts McCarthy Stone. Located just an hour’s drive away from Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle is the largest occupied castle in the world, with around 1,000 rooms and 484,000 square feet of space. Its rooms are luxurious and regal, with brightly coloured walls, original fireplaces, and historic artwork. The dining room features an intricately carved ceiling, which was restored after the 1992 fire damaged parts of the property. READ MORE: Kate Middleton now wears the Queen's most expensive jewel worth £66.3m  The State Dining Room is decorated with red carpets and drapes, with a white marble fireplace. Candelabras are everywhere, as well as huge gold-framed paintings. Other rooms in the castle include the Crimson Drawing Room, the Green Drawing Room, the White Drawing Room, and St. George’s Hall. The Crimson Drawing Room is where the family usually places a 15-foot Christmas tree each year.  The White Drawing Room is used for family events, and many photographs have been taken there, as well as in the Green Drawing Room. The former was where Prince Charles, Princess Diana, and their sons were pictured at William’s confirmation in March 1997. Meanwhile, the latter room was where the official christening photos of Prince Harry were taken, as well as Archie’s christening photos decades later. The castle’s rooms make for an iconic backdrop for all kinds of royal events and occasions. The programme 'A Royal Guide to Properties' is airing tonight on Channel 4 at 8pm. 