Jeremy Kyle has been slammed for branding Nicola Sturgeon "that horrible woman up north" as well as referring to the Scottish leader as "annoying". The 57-year-old made the comments on Piers Morgan: Uncensored on Wednesday as he continues to present the TalkTV programme in Morgan's absence. Kyle was joined on the evening news programme by commentator Marina Purkiss and broadcaster Emma Webb to discuss the cost of living crisis. As their debate got underway Kyle took a brutal jibe a Sturgeon, telling viewers: "I actually think this cost of living crisis, and this taking the electorate for granted is going to cast the Tories into the wilderness for years and my theory is that horrible woman up north is going to start. "What’s her name? Nicola Sturgeon, she’ll be in power in a minute. What’s gonna happen then?" Purkiss interjected: "If you were a Scot, wouldn’t you want to be breaking away from this lot?"  READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Kyle clapped back: "‘I’m quite happy if they wanna break away but don’t start me on her because she annoys me. Don't start me on Nicola Sturgeon." Kyle continued: "I love what Liz Truss said yesterday, she’s of absolutely no importance or of no interest to me. That’s pure Boris speak. Isn’t it?" The First Minister was being discussed after she recently announced she would like another Scottish independence referendum next October. It comes after Scots voted on whether their country should part with the UK in 2014, with the majority voting against it. Referring to Sturgeon's 2014 referendum, Kyle swiped: "She asked for a referendum, got it and the Scottish people said no. Shut up and deal with it because that's the fact." DON'T MISS...Business expert lauds UK prospects over post-recession EU [LATEST]Jeremy Kyle savages 'gobby' Piers as he takes over TalkTV show [MUST SEE]Piers Morgan replaced by Jeremy Kyle on TalkTV as he announces break [EXPLAINER] Viewers flocked to Twitter to hit out at Kyle's remarks, with Annie Marie Maitland fuming: "Why is he still on the TV? He makes Piers Morgan look like an angel. Horrible man." Neil McSkiver added: "Can't watch all of that. I don't want to smash my screen. B****y awful TV. Disgusting to say the least." (sic) Rosalyn Faulds penned: "He absolutely is wrong and extremely nasty." @GylerNorth said: "How is this man allowed to be anywhere near a TV studio?"  Despite the backlash, some viewers appeared to be on Kyle's side during his rant about Sturgeon. @Allgoodchap told his Twitter followers: "He's not wrong though to be fair." @Jimbowalker8 quipped: "Sturgeon gets called a lot worse, by her fellow Scots. In fact, I would say he's being kind to her." Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs on TalkTV on weeknights at 8pm. 