An Aries Moon transit is always one of the more powerful lunar cycles of the bunch. Exuding bold, brave, and pioneering energies, you can expect to feel more driven, determined and pragmatic today. Mercury’s trine with Uranus is here to bring some excitement without chaos, making for a more positive start to the week. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 16. As the first sign of the 12 zodiacs, Aries represents a fresh start, which can impact motivation for the better while the Moon’s in transit. The Moon School said: “When the Moon moves through the sign of the ram, it will often activate the more independent, forceful, and decisive sides of our personalities." This makes it the perfect time to tick tasks off your to-do list, as well as start new ventures. The Moon School continued: “Because it contains the energy of initiation, the Moon in Aries is a great time to take action on a new project.  READ MORE: Kitchen trends to ‘avoid’ for room to stay ‘timeless’ - ‘best options’  “So if you’ve been procrastinating, and finding reasons not to begin, then this zodiac sign can bring a big boost.” However, with every sign comes a shadow side and confident impulsiveness can lead to conflict and challenges. The Moon School said: “Aries can be competitive, pushy, and dismissive of others. “Tunnel vision can take over at the start of a new venture, yet momentum can be hard to come by.  “So if this is a day that you’re halfway through a long and tedious task, Aries’ restive energy is unlikely to help you stay committed.” Communication planet Mercury will move to trine Uranus later today sparking creativity and inventiveness, according to Cafe Astrology. It said: “With this mind-opening aspect, we seek answers that aren’t the most obvious, and we can get to some exciting places on a mental level. “We’re expressing ourselves in different or unique ways rather than falling back on old habits of thinking and communicating, and it’s successful.  DON'T MISS:Brits spend less than six hours a week outdoors, study finds [ANALYSIS]How to stop earwigs eating plants - 3 traps for plants ‘under attack' [EXPLAINED]‘Great way’ to make your living room ‘more spacious’ [INSIGHT]    “Conversations can be gently provocative, leading to new ideas and perspectives. Insights or creative ideas come suddenly, unexpectedly, and brilliantly.” This transit is due to continue until Thursday and according to Astrology King, will bring "change and excitement" to your life "without causing upset and chaos". It said: “Follow your intuition and be flexible and open-minded about new opportunities.  “This is a good weekly horoscope to break bad habits and leave boring or unhealthy relationships.” The Moon will transit fiery Aries until 3.24am BST, where it’ll enter grounded and abundant Taurus. The void Moon occurs from 9:19pm with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs to square Pluto. 