Zara and Mike Tindall currently live on Princess Anne's Gatcombe Park estate in Gloucestershire with their three children. However, they didn't always live in this property. The 41-year-old former Olympian and her retired rugby star husband were able to sell their first home together for a whopping £1.2million.  Located on the outskirts of Cheltenham, Hallery House was sold in 2013 just three years after it had been re-converted into a family home, having served as a hotel until the late 1990s. But the early 19th-century building found itself back on the market four years later, this time valued at £1.69million. When it was put back on sale, it was advertised as having a hot tub, a cinema and a home gym. With almost 5,000 square feet of space, the Grade II-listed property has room on four floors. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton is set to become a Lady while Kate will be a Princess  Speaking to The Daily Mail, Nick Chivers of estate agency Knight Frank, who listed the property, said: "The Tindalls weren't here that long but they refurbished it to what it is now. "The current owners bought it from them and have gone on to improve it further by building a double garage which completes the package. "The basement could be used as a separate self-contained apartment, so it's a massively flexible property." The estate agent added: “The Tindalls did a great job of making it look very beautiful.”   The living room has intricate ceiling mouldings and a large wood burner in the centre of the room. Mike and Zara had also furnished the space with a unique coffee table made from pebbles and a glass top, sitting on top of a cowhide rug. Inside, the home has a spacious master bedroom, as well as six additional bedrooms. READ MORE: Sussexes' made global history at wedding - more popular than Diana  Another bedroom in the home follows the same muted colour scheme with a wooden bed frame and a cream chest of drawers painted with a floral design. The master bathroom upstairs featured grey marble tiles, light grey walls, an enormous rainfall shower and a freestanding white bathtub. Mike and Zara also had their very own his and hers sinks.  The couple's former property also boasted its very own home gym and a large jacuzzi, as well as its own home cinema, with a large flat screen projector screen, and a comfortable brown L-shaped sofa. Mike and Zara also had a spiral staircase with a white wooden bannister, white stairs and a cream and brown stair runner. The couple now live with their three children in a house on the Gatcombe Park estate owned by Zara’s mother Princess Anne. Peter Phillips, Zara's older brother, also lives on the estate with his two daughters, Savannah and Isla. 