The news comes following the recent revelation of the Boxer, which enjoys a unique multi-functional role and is able to convert into various functional vehicles depending on demand. The Boxer also enjoys the ability to run tracks as well as wheels, making the product highly adaptable to challenging conditions and environments faced by users of the type.  Rolls-Royce Power Systems recently signed the deal along with its partners Krauss-Maffei Wegmann, Rheinmetall Landsysteme and BAE Systems Land. The 523 engines will be delivered to the manufacturers of the Boxer between 2022 and 2030. According to the company: “Rolls-Royce will deliver engine components to its subsidiary Rolls-Royce Solutions UK where engine assembly, acceptance tests and painting will be done, sustaining new and existing jobs at the facility. “Boxer MIV for the British Army will be the first version of the vehicle equipped with Rolls-Royce’s mtu 8V 199 TE21 engine, delivering 600 KW, 70 KW more than the MTU engines in previous versions of the vehicle. “MTU engines will power all Boxer vehicles on order for the British Army.”  The British government recently ordered 100 additional Boxer vehicles for the British Army. Many partners of the project spoke of the exciting news. Andrew Munt, Boxer Programme Director for WFEL, said: “Boxer vehicle hull production is now well underway here at WFEL in Stockport. “As we move into the vehicle assembly phase, we are delighted to contract with Rolls Royce for the supply of MTU engines.”  READ MORE:British Army fears soldiers will QUIT after strip clubs ban Colin McClean, Managing Director for RBSL, said: “RBSL is delighted to have secured further UK content for the Boxer programme together with long-term support for such a critical part. “The powerful MTU engine will be the heart of the British Army’s new Boxer vehicle. “Rolls Royce is a welcome addition to the team.” Knut Müller, Vice President Global Governmental at Rolls-Royce business unit Power Systems said: “The Boxer MIV project is a very important part of the modernization of the British Army. “To support this project, we have made a big effort to enable manufacturing of our proven MTU Series 199 engines in the UK for the first time. “We are proud to contribute to the British Army’s mobility and agility with our engines made in Britain.” David Eaton, Director – Governmental at Rolls-Royce Solutions UK, said: “We have been working energetically with our industry partners for a number of years to reach this point and are very much looking forward to delivering our engines to power these state-of-the-art, British-built infantry vehicles.”  DON'T MISS:'US can fight Russia & China' says analyst [REPORT]Nuclear horror: Timeline set for Russia to 'launch strike' [INSIGHT]Russia fails to make gains in Ukraine [REVEAL] Boxer MIV is one of the world’s most advanced wheeled armoured vehicles, offering outstanding mobility and protection. The Boxer will form an integral part of the British Army’s Brigade Combat Teams capabilities over the next decade. It is in service and on order with various NATO nations and Australia. One of its key characteristics is its modular set-up, consisting of a joint drive platform and different mission modules.  Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk earlier in the year, Nicholas Drummond said: “This is a Lego set of modularity, enabling you to focus on the terrain and less on the vehicle type. “The system allows it to be configured around the task at hand.“It comes in a tracked or wheeled variant.” The British Army will receive four different variants of Boxer, encompassing infantry carrier, specialist carrier, command post and ambulance vehicles. Sketches of the tank on Mr Drummonds's Twitter feed show the tank is adaptable to 16 different configurations. Included are an infantry carrier, command and control, repair and recovery and an SP155mm Howitzer gun. Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Security News 