Tottenham are set to get their new Premier League campaign underway on Saturday as they host Southampton (3pm) in north London. Manager Antonio Conte has welcomed six new faces to the club this summer and will be aiming to start the season in style as Spurs look to compete for honours both domestically and in the Champions League. Tottenham enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes after Conte took over from Nuno Espirito Santo last November. And the Italian boss will be desperate for his team to pick up from where they left off at the end of the last campaign. Spurs may even feel ready to launch an assault on the Premier League title. And Express Sport takes a look at the starting XI Conte could roll with against the Saints. Goalkeeper – Lloris Hugo Lloris was a rock between the posts last season and Conte will be looking for him to perform once again throughout the new campaign. The 35-year-old, who has won 139 caps for France, kept 16 top-flight clean sheets and signed a new contract in January to remain at the club for another two years. Transfer news LIVE: Ten Hag 'unhappy' with Man Utd, Chelsea blow, De Jong latest   Defence – Romero, Dier, Davies The Spurs defence significantly improved under Conte and Southampton could struggle to find a route to goal on opening day. Cristian Romero has a season of Premier League football under his belt and could become one of the star defenders in England this time around. The Argentinian could line up alongside Eric Dier in the backline, as well as Ben Davies who is fit again after an injury layoff. Midfield – Doherty, Hojbjerg, Bentancur, Sessegnon Conte is known for his high-intensity style of play and will be asking his wing-backs to push forward and create chances for the forwards. Matt Doherty should start on the right for Spurs, while Ryan Sessegnon could play on the opposite flank if summer signing Ivan Perisic isn’t considered fully fit yet. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur should line up in the centre of the pitch. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener   Forwards – Kulusevski, Kane, Son Tottenham have one of the best forward lines in the Premier League and bolstered it further by signing Richarlison from Everton this summer. The Brazil international is banned for the clash with Southampton, so Dejan Kulusevski will be handed a start in attack after impressing during the second half of the last campaign following his arrival from Juventus. Son Heung-min was the joint-top scorer in the Premier League last term after bagging an impressive 23 goals. And the South Korea international will be looking to star once again, with Harry Kane leading the line. 