Next month Prince William will be making his first trip Stateside since his three-day visit with Kate Middleton in 2014. William will be meeting the previous winners of his prestigious environmental award at an Earthshot Prize Innovation Summit in New York City, which aims to speed up the world's efforts to repair the planet for generations to come.  The extraordinary summit will be held by the Earthshot team and Bloomberg Philanthropy. Businessman Michael Bloomberg, who is the UN Secretary-General's special envoy on climate ambition and solutions, said: "Accelerating the world's climate progress requires us to take urgent, ambitious action from every angle. "As global leaders get set to gather in New York, the Bloomberg team is working with our partners Prince William and The Earthshot Prize to showcase the most innovative climate solutions and help them spread more quickly." During his visit, Prince William is expected to give a speech and mingle with previous prize winners and finalists, in addition to heads of state, philanthropists and global business leaders.  READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour Prince William will be in New York for the summit on September 21, but it is not clear how much time he'll be spending in the US. The Earthshot Prize Innovation Summit falls during a busy time for the Big Apple, at the same time as NYC Climate Week and the 77th Session of the UN General Assembly. William will return to the US in December for the Earthshot Prize Awards, but on this occasion, he will be visiting Massachusetts.   The news was announced on the Kensington Royal Twitter account last month with the caption: "Five more winners. Game-changing solutions. "More potential to save our planet. Boston, we'll see you in December". William is not expected to be joined by his wife Kate for the NYC visit, but she may join him in December. Kate previously walked the green carpet with William for the inaugural Earthshot Prize Awards held at Alexandra Palace last year.  DON'T MISS:Kate stuns as she takes economy flight with Charlotte and Louis [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: William 'treading on Harry's toes' [LIVE]Prince William braced for huge bombshell from Harry [ANALYSIS] As William will be on the US East Coast during his visit, it is unlikely he will fly over to the West Coast to see his brother in California. Harry and William are not expected to cross paths during the Sussexes visit to the UK next month either. However, if Harry and Meghan reside at their UK residence of Frogmore Cottage during their UK visit, they may see William and Kate as they will soon live nearby at Adelaide Cottage. Harry and Meghan will be in the UK in September for the One Young World Summit in Manchester and the WellChild Awards in London. The couple will then head to Germany for a special event marking one year to go until the Invictus Games in Dusseldorf. 