Football fans all over the world are preparing for the release of Arsenal’s All or Nothing series. The docuseries will shine a light on the behind-the-scenes action last season, which was filled full of drama in north London. The Gunners endured a rollercoaster of a 2021/22 campaign, with several key points throughout the season sure to make entertaining viewing. Mikel Arteta’s side’s woeful start to the season, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang being stripped of club captaincy and the drama of the January transfer window are the most anticipated moments. The Emirates Stadium outfit also self-destructed towards the end of the season, throwing away their chances of finishing in the top four. Several poor results plus a north London derby defeat meant that Arteta’s side sacrificed the final Champions League spot to Tottenham – which is sure to have caused a stir in the dressing room. Speaking last year, Arteta was asked about the series, to which he replied: “We are going to help as much as possible, for everybody to see what this club means and how things are done at the football club, be as transparent as we can to show the values, integrity, passions and where we are trying to drive this football club. Hopefully, it is a perfect year to show that. We need to make it happen.” The statement suggests that Arsenal leave nothing to the imagination in the series, so Express Sport fills you in on everything you need to know. READ MORE: Arsenal 'make Jarrod Bowen transfer enquiry' as Edu works on sixth summer signing When will it be released? Arsenal’s All or Nothing documentary will be available from Thursday 4th of August, however, only the first three episodes of the eight-part series will be released on that date. Viewers will then need to wait until the 11th, one week later, to watch episodes four, five and six. The penultimate and final episodes, which are sure to be packed full of the most entertaining parts for rival fans, will be made available on the 18th of August. READ MOREArsenal discover Cody Gakpo transfer price with Edu working on 'mystery winger' signingTaylor's Transfers: Arsenal loan agreed, West Ham exit, Chelsea sale, Man City to loan duoFour Arsenal departures gather pace as Mikel Arteta seeks to finance two signings Stream? The docuseries is produced by Amazon Prime, and they will be streaming all of the episodes. They also produced the Manchester City and Tottenham All or Nothings, which have been successful previously and also released in August, in time to set the tone for the forthcoming season. How to watch for free You will need to have a subscription to Amazon Prime Video (£5.99 per month) to watch the series, or an Amazon Prime subscription (£7.99 per month). Though you can sign up for a free 30-day Amazon Prime trial here. To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here