It's the first time the supermarket has ever introduced a loyalty scheme and it couldn’t come at a more important time as Britons struggle to pay for soaring food prices. It promises “pounds not points”, but exactly how much could you save? Following a successful trial across 16 stores last year Asda Rewards is now available across all 633 of Asda's UK stores. To earn money off their food shop all people have to do is download the Asda Rewards app and they will be offered incentives like £1.50 off when they spend £50 by September, and money back when purchasing certain products. The savings can certainly add up and customers have been shouting about it according to Glasgow Live. One shopper commented:"Fantastic Asda rewards offer!! Spend £25 on George school uniform, shoes, stationery and lunchboxes and get £5 cashpot reward!! READ MORE: Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount Other supermarkets running loyalty schemes are Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Lidl. All offer money off coupons when customers spend a certain amount and coupons on personalised products. As food prices increase by up to 40 percent many Britons will be feeling the pinch right now. The average Briton spends £40.36 per person per week on food according to Nimbelfins. DON'T MISSTop 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [INSIGHT]30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August [ALERT]State pension increase - what rates might you expect in April 2023? [UPDATE]You could save almost £1,000 a year on energy bills with two hacks [ALERT] Savvy shopper Polly Arrowsmith has been trying out the different supermarket loyalty schemes for years and has some excellent tips to share with others. She once got two free flights to Venezuela by making the most of her Sainsbury’s Nectar rewards card. She told Express.co.uk: “Sainsbury's is the one that gives you the most bang for the buck and you can convert their points into air miles on Avois, use them at different shops, such as Argos or simply buy something from Sainsbury's. “Last year, I got £198 worth of points.” READ MORE: 'This is the time to do it!' Mum's side hustle helps her pay off debt She added: “You have to actively save your Nectar deals as they come out weekly. “I once did a £350 shop in Sainsbury's, to get enough points to enable us to buy two return flights to Venezuela with British Airways. “The savings on the flights were a lot more than the cost of the shopping!” Alternatively, people can save money on their food shop by using apps like Too Good To Go and Olio which save food from going to waste.  Food clubs are also a good idea and could help people save a fortune on their food shop. Elaine Wishart told Express.co.uk she gets £25 worth of food for just £3.50 from a food club near where she lives. These clubs are popping up in towns and cities all over the UK, a quick internet search will bring up a list in your area. 