The Queen’s granddaughter celebrated turning 34 on Monday. Marking his partner’s special day, Edoardo lauded Beatrice as the “world’s best wife” in a moving message addressed to the princess. The couple tied the knot in a toned-down ceremony in Windsor in July 2020. Edoardo proposed to Princess Beatrice during a romantic getaway to Italy the previous year. Guest numbers were strictly limited due to the restrictions imposed because of the coronavirus pandemic, Beatrice wore an altered version of a dress owned by the Queen to walk down the aisle of the Royal Chapel of All Saints at Royal Lodge. Edoardo then labelled Beatrice “the best mother in the world”, including the rest of the couple’s family in the heartfelt message. He wrote: “You are the best mother in the world. We love you so very much. “Happy birthday my darling." In September 2021, Beatrice and Edoardo announced the birth of their daughter, Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi. READ MORE: Meghan 'believed' part-time royal plan would 'elevate' Royal Family As the Palace announced the arrival of the now-ten-month-old Sienna, they nodded to how much Beatrice and Edoardo were “looking forward” to introducing the newborn to Christopher, Edoardo's eldest child. Christopher 'Wolfie' Mapelli Mozzi is raised by both Edoardo and his former partner, Dara Huang, with Beatrice as the young boy's stepmother. The statement from the Palace said: "The new baby's grandparents and great-grandparents have all been informed and are delighted with the news. "Her Royal Highness and her child are both doing well, and the couple are looking forward to introducing their daughter to her big brother Christopher Woolf." DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Harry ‘wind down’ potential royal attacks in memoir [VOTE] Charles urged: pay back £1million Bin Laden 'blood money' funds [REVEAL] Prince Harry tipped for 'return into the royal fold' [ANALYSIS] One source close to the couple described the "really happy" family unit", where Edoardo was "easily one of the best dads" and Beatrice a "fantastic step-mummy" to Christopher. They told PEOPLE shortly after the couple's wedding: “They’ve been on family vacations together already. “They are really happy, there’s no better person they could have for a step-mummy.” Princess Beatrice also received an outpouring of well-wishes on social media from her younger sibling, Princess Eugenie. Eugenie, 32, penned an emotional caption to her elder sister along with a collection of photos of the pair. She wrote: "Happy Birthday to my special big sissy. Love you so much."