Tottenham are set to activate the £41million option to buy in Cristian Romero’s loan deal to make the defender Antonio Conte’s seventh signing of the summer. The centre-back impressed during his first season at the club after joining on loan from Atalanta last summer and he is now set for a prolonged stay at White Hart Lane. Romero has become a firm fans' favourite during his first season at the club, with supporters becoming enamoured with his no-thrills approach to defending and his ability to get under the skin of his opponents. He has already made 31 appearances for the club, scoring one goal. He has become part of Conte’s first choice back three, lining up on the right-hand side next to Eric Dier and Ben Davies. He had started to be noticed by other clubs in Europe but now will stay in north London for the foreseeable future. The Telegraph report that Romero will now sign a long-term deal at the club worth around £41m. Under the terms of the original loan agreement Spurs had a set period of time to activate their option to buy. This was believed to expire towards the end of this month and the Lilywhites have now acted to keep a hold of one of their key players. READ MORE: Chelsea may still spend another £184.5m as Tuchel 'pushes' for signing Romero starred once again as Spurs opened the season with a 4-1 win over Southampton. Conte has described the centre-back as perfect for the Premier League due to his aggressive style. “He is an important player for me and the team,” the Italian told Football London. "He’s strong physically, he has the timing to anticipate, good personality to play with the ball. Despite being a young player he has good experience, he’s strong and I like him. For sure, he has a lot of space for improvement. “He is perfect for this league, but if you can play in this league you can play in all the leagues in the world. DON'T MISSNewcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 starsNewcastle can sign five attackers after transfer 'request' to top six`Newcastle 'get £18m Paqueta discount' after Maddison rejection "The problem is when you stay in another league, you have to ask if you can play in the Premier League. When you play here, you can play in any league in the world, because the intensity, the quality, the physicality that you have here is not present in other leagues. For sure Romero is able to play in this league. This league is a perfect suit for him." Romero will once again need to be on top form this weekend when Tottenham travel to Stamford Bridge to take on London rivals Chelsea in what will be the first fixture between members of the top six this season.