 Martin Clunes, 60, has looked back on his time portraying Gary Strang in Men Behaving Badly as he imagined the 1992 sitcom being released in the present climate. The actor admitted that the sexist nature of some parts of the show would not go down well with today’s audiences.     Asked about the prospect of an updated Old Men Behaving Badly series, Martin said he would be “in a tribunal” over sexist jokes. Martin also explained that he believed the show was best left a “cherished memory”. He said: “Can you imagine that show coming out now? “It just wouldn’t happen, it would be shot dead at birth.    “Talking about Kylie Minogue’s buttocks, you’d be in a tribunal.” Asked whether there would be something else to joke about on the show, Martin said: “Can I quote you on that? “[Because] I don’t think so, unless someone comes up with an amazing script.A” The comedian continued in a recent interview with Radio Times: “It’s a bit like Doc Martin finishing.  “It’s best left as a cherished memory rather than something that’s too annoying for words.” Martin recently spoke out about Doc Martin wrapping up after 10 series and explained why now is a "good time" for it to end. Speaking to Ruth Langsford and Rylan Clark on Thursday's This Morning, he revealed how he and his wife and Doc Martin producer Philippa Braithwaite had "worked so hard" on each episode and agreed they wanted to "leave viewers wanting more". "There will be people I know watching it, huge fans of the show who are going, 'But why? We love it, why?'" Ruth commented. DON'T MISSThe Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire [INSIGHT]Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [NEWS]  "It's just a good time to end it," the actor replied. "Poor Philippa, I mean she's worked on every single script, 84 of them, and none of them are easy. "Because you've got a main protagonist who doesn't like anybody and nobody likes him, and then go from there. "It hasn't been easy, it's tough and we sort of don't want to repeat ourselves, you know?"  Martin also gave fans an insight into his personal life as he explained that his daughter Emily, 22, has grown up with him on the show. "She was born during the filming of Saving Grace, and this sort of came after that," he said. "And your wife's the producer, isn't she?" Ruth asked. "Philippa produces it, yeah," Martin replied, to which Rylan remarked: "It's a proper family affair!”