Kitchens are often high traffic areas, meaning they may need to be cleaned more often than other areas around the home. This is the one area of the home where grease and grime is likely to build-up, including in ovens and on the hob. According to the experts, not only is this an effective cleaning solution but it will also make your home “smell fresh”. Whether you're cooking up a gourmet breakfast or sautéing a delicious dinner, grease splatters can easily reach kitchen countertops, kitchen walls, kitchen cabinets, and splashbacks. Thankfully, there are some simple tricks homeowners can employ to remove kitchen grease without too much stress. Sabrina Fierman, of high-end residential cleaning service, New York’s Little Elves, said: “Removing built up grease can be arduous indeed. “Make the job easier by using the right products for the task. “Take into account the surface material; many cleaners will stain or strip protective surfaces of marble or wood, or scratch other surfaces like lacquer.” After putting so much effort into designing a kitchen and sourcing all those beautiful kitchen ideas, learn how to keep it looking grease-free and gorgeous below. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ 29p ingredient to banish ‘baked-on’ grease from oven glass Grease can easily build up over time on kitchen splashbacks. Tackle the problem with a degreaser or natural products like orange or lemon oil. A degreasing agent is likely required to first remove any built-up cooking grease and oils. Don't forget to follow the degreasing agent’s manufacturer guidelines and then follow with a clean, wet cloth and buff with a dry cloth. According to Topps Tiles, cleaning kitchen tiles with vinegar is possible but it's advisable to dilute the solution with at least 50 percent water as “acid can ruin the surface of some tiles”. DON'T MISS: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [INSIGHT]House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ [EXPERT]‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants [TIPS] Topps Tiles says: “If you have stubborn stains, use the vinegar but then wash the tiles down immediately with fresh clean water to reduce the acidity levels.” The brand added: “A brilliant cleaning product and natural degreaser is orange or lemon oil. “Simply drip a few drops directly on to the surface of the tile then wipe with a damp cloth or sponge and clean water to remove the grease whilst making your home smell fresh.” Orange oil can be purchased from Amazon for as little as 40p and lemon oil comes in at £1.89. Grease has an uncanny way of dripping down onto cabinets and splashing onto walls. READ MORE: Monty Don shares ‘easy’ way to grow your best plants ‘without cost’ Sabrina explained: “Whether the walls are wood, lacquer, painted or wallpaper you must tread carefully as these surfaces can be scratched or stripped easily. “We recommend doing a small spot test somewhere inconspicuous prior to using any cleaning agents on walls anywhere in the house. “Applying a diluted mixture of gentle soap and white vinegar in water may be the safest bet.” Wipe down with soft clean rags or a soft sponge. Depending on the grease build up, the step may need repeating. Aside from splashbacks and cabinets, there's nothing less appealing than cooking up a feast on a stove that is caked in grease. First remove the knobs and place them in the sink and wash with warm water and dish soap separately. Then apply your degreaser, whether that be orange, lemon oil or white vinegar and let it sit for a few minutes. Sabrina warned: “Be careful to avoid areas that have printed markings as these can easily be stripped off by cleaners or abrasive sponges. “Generally, if you apply cleanser to a sponge or rag and clean these areas that will be sufficient and not cause any damage to the printed areas. “Also avoid the burners on gas stoves. For glass top and induction cooktops, make sure to use only soft cloths and nothing abrasive (even baking soda can damage them).” After a few minutes, wipe until all grease is removed and repeat if necessary. The expert added: “After the grease is gone, wipe with a clean rag or sponge to remove any residue.”