Liverpool star Darwin Nunez has been warned he could face a five-match ban after being sent off for headbutting Crystal Palace defender Joachim Andersen. Nunez saw red on his first competitive appearance for the Reds at Anfield on Monday. The Uruguay star was handed his first start for Liverpool since his £85million move from Benfica. But he only lasted 57 minutes after he inexplicably threw his head into Andersen's, sending the Denmark international to the floor. Violent conduct usually results in a three-match ban, which would rule him out of matches against Manchester United, Bournemouth and Newcastle. However, former Chelsea defender Jason Cundy believes Nunez deserves a longer suspension. Cundy claims the striker's action was an "assault" and is worthy of a five-match ban. He said on talkSPORT: “The headbutt from Nunez, I personally think he’ll get more than three, I think he’ll end up with a bigger ban. What he did tonight was a disgrace. Absolute disgrace. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist  “I think [he should get] a five-match ban. Violent conduct right there. Headbutting someone is an assault, that is an assault. He headbutted him in the face. “That to me is more than three games. What you saw him do could’ve broken [Andersen’s] nose.” Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says Nunez was provoked but admits his summer recruit was out of line with his reaction. Klopp told Sky Sports: “Look, he knows that himself. I will talk to him. It makes no sense for me to talk about it in public, you see it. "It’s not the reaction you want to see. Centre-halves in the Premier League do that - they want to have him, he’s a handful himself but that’s a reaction. DON'T MISSEverton keen on three Chelsea stars as Tuchel closes in on GordonMan Utd may make last-minute move to seal Ten Hag request as belief emergesMan Utd's XI by end of window if Murtough signs Ten Hag's four targets  “There’s no time, there’s no pre-season. We don’t know how long he will be suspended. We will use it (suspension) for physical work - not as punishment - but making him even stronger and that’s what we’ll try.” Former Manchester United right-back Gary Neville described how Nunez will have felt after the incident, despite his team coming from a goal down to draw 1-1 after the sending off. Neville said: "It's a moment of madness. "It's a proper butt, Andersen will feel that. When you get sent off like that it's the loneliest place in the world. "You might have a kit man with you but it's horrible. You are in that dressing room and your team-mates are out on the pitch. You've left them down and you feel so bad." 