Emmerdale's Dan Spencer (played by Liam Fox) and his daughter Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) have to move out of Harriet Finch's (Katherine Dow Blyton) home in scenes yet to air. Before they move out, Dan is set to share his secret feelings for Harriet. Will Harriet end up kicking herself when she turns down Dan's advances?  ITV soap fans will remember Dan and his daughter moved into Harriet's home after Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) and Kim Tate (Claire King) evicted them from theirs. Since living under Harriet's roof, Dan has been growing closer to her and enjoying her company. However, Emmerdale spoilers have revealed it is time for Dan and his pregnant daughter to move back into Dale Head - but he is devastated about it. Before he says goodbye, he instinctively leans in to kiss Harriet which leaves her feeling extremely awkward. READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death Realising Dan sees her in a romantic light, she is left feeling uncomfortable while he ends up kicking himself. Later on, Harriet begins to see the father-of-two in a new light when Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) says she could do a lot worse. Will the former vicar decide to give Dan a second chance at romance? The last character Harriet was romantically involved with was village hard man Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley).  They began a secret affair in 2017 but Cain called it off with her as he didn't want her to get hurt down the line. Dan used to have a tough-guy reputation but he has softened in recent years and he might be a good match for Harriet. Will he accept her apology and give their romance another try? Harriet actress Katherine exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk about her character's love life. DON'T MISS...Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' exit twist for Kerry Wyatt [REACTION] She quipped: “I mean I don’t want to be awful but it’s slim pickings out there in this village for a woman of my age. “But yes, [Harriet] is always looking for a bit of romance now she has left the church and is free and easy down that police station.” The actress also hinted Harriet still has feelings for Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) who is due to marry Kim later this year. Will Dan help her get over Will or could she start dating him to make Will jealous?  Ahead of her big day, Kim has sacked Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) and has hired Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) to help with her lavish wedding. Producer Jane Hudson said of the October wedding: "On the 16th we will be having our special birthday episode which is our Kim and Will wedding." "Of course, it’s not going to go smoothly," she teased. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 