Manchester United appear likely to sign Antony, with reports on Sunday claiming the Ajax star is set to move to Old Trafford in a huge £85million deal. However, Erik ten Hag still wants a right-back to accompany the 22-year-old to Old Trafford before the transfer window slams shut. And Achraf Hakimi, it seems, is under consideration… Manchester United have been patient when it comes to signing Antony. It’s been known for months that Ten Hag wants to reunite with the Brazil international, having previously managed him at Ajax - where the duo were successful together. And United appear to be close to landing their man, with reports suggesting they’re poised to imminently wrap up a huge £85m deal. The Red Devils aren’t content with the arrival of the Samba star, however. They also want a right-back at a time where the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have been deemed surplus to requirements, despite the duo previously being highly rated by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. According to journalist Dean Jones, United have enquired about Hakimi - whose long-term future at Paris Saint-Germain remains up in the air. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers “Hakimi is unlikely,” he told GiveMeSport. “There have been tentative enquiries again on that one, because he was linked with Barcelona and United have looked at Hakimi before. “If he’s going to be available, they want to be in that conversation.” While a deal is unlikely, however, it can’t be entirely ruled out. Especially given United’s topsy-turvy transfer window so far. Tyrell Malacia had previously looked certain to leave Feyenoord for Lyon, only for the Red Devils to be able to pull off his signing on Ten Hag’s orders. Christian Eriksen at one point seemed set to stay in London with either Brentford or Tottenham, only for United to end up recruiting the Denmark international instead. Lisandro Martinez was tipped to join Arsenal before opting to leave Ajax for Old Trafford, where he’s been reunited with Ten Hag. DON’T MISS Man Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learned The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Fernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And few thought Casemiro would genuinely leave Real Madrid for Old Trafford prior to the Brazil international’s confirmed £60m deal. Should United’s enquiry end up leading to a deal for Hakimi, they’d be signing a world-class right-back. He was brilliant in that position for Inter Milan prior to his move to PSG last summer, proving to be a key asset at both ends of the pitch as the Serie A giants won the Scudetto. And though Hakimi blew hot and cold for PSG, there’s no denying his talent and class. In November last year, the Morocco international was actually listed as the world’s best right-back by ESPN. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. He beat the likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold and Joao Cancelo, of Liverpool and Manchester City, to that prestigious accolade. And with Antony poised to go on the right of Ten Hag’s attack, Hakimi would be a sensational partner in crime for the Brazil international. Obviously, it’s a difficult deal for United to do. Especially with the 23-year-old already scoring twice in three Ligue 1 appearances so far. But the Red Devils have pulled off some tricky signings already this summer and, therefore, a repeat can’t be entirely ruled out as the clock ticks down. Meanwhile, United previously had a top right-back in the form of Gary Neville. The serial winner works as a pundit for Sky Sports these days and Simon Jordan, speaking on talkSPORT, wants bosses of the broadcasters to crack down on the 47-year-old celebrating his old side’s goals - having recently gone wild during United’s win over Liverpool. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Gary Neville, the Mayor of Manchester, AKA the town crier that has a view on every societal ail, and alongside his views on football, will have a vantage point that sometimes is very insightful and we get to learn a lot,” he said. "Everybody knows the partisan nature of Carragher's broadcasting, of Gary Neville's broadcasting, because it would be dishonest to say that you don't have an invested interest in what you're watching because you played for them. "But I don't think it's a particularly good look or professional look for a broadcaster giving us a description of a game that starts with his emotional investment in it." And he added: "We want good commentary, we want insightful commentary, we want enthusiastic commentary. “What we don't want is somebody wrapped up in a Man United scarf, cheering the goal in a big game that goes around the world. Why would Sky want it? It goes around the world." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here