Anne Heche, 53, has reportedly been declared brain dead, as her life support will be turned off following a horror car crash she was involved in. Blood tests undertaken by the Los Angeles Police Department have discovered drugs in Anne’s system. It follows after the actress’ Mini Cooper went crashing into a California home as she was driving before erupting into flames. Police are currently doing additional tests to rule out any drugs that were administered in hospital which could have been given as pain medication. Speaking after the crash, LAPD spokesman Matthew Cruz said the crash was being investigated as a felony driving under the influence collision. He said, speaking to PA: "This case is still an active and ongoing investigation. READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps “It is currently in the process of gathering additional evidence; to include final toxicology results, and medical records from both parties involved. "It is the intent of the investigating Detectives to present this case to the appropriate prosecuting office: the Los Angeles County District Attorney or the Los Angeles City Attorney’s office once all pertinent evidence has been gathered." The spokesman added that the preliminary blood tests showed clear “signs of narcotics.” Her family said in a statement: "Unfortunately, due to her accident, Anne Heche suffered a severe anoxic brain injury and remains in a coma, in critical condition. She is not expected to survive." They continued to say there are plans in place to possibly donate the star's organs, adding: "It has long been her choice to donate her organs and she is being kept on life support to determine if any are viable." They continued to say there are plans in place to donate the star's organs, explaining: "It has long been her choice to donate her organs and she is being kept on life support to determine if any are viable." Speaking fondly of Anne, they furthered the statement by referring to her “courageous honesty” and “extraordinary talent”. It said: “Anne had a huge heart and touched everyone she met with her generous spirit. “More than her extraordinary talent, she saw spreading kindness and joy as her life's work - especially moving the needle for acceptance of who you love. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [COMMENT] Carol Vorderman risks fury as she 'leaks next Strictly contestant' [BBC] "She will be remembered for her courageous honesty and dearly missed for her light." They also thanked the “dedicated staff and wonderful nurses" at the Grossman Burn Centre at West Hills Hospital for taking care of her. The incident took place a week ago on the morning of August 5 in the Mar Vista neighbourhood of Los Angeles. Anne is said to have crashed her car twice – first into an apartment complex and a second time into another house. The second crash ignited a fire which caused "significant damage". It wasn’t long before Anne was taken away by an ambulance, as witnesses explained to TMZ. They said: “She was driving a blue Mini Cooper and crashed into the garage of an apartment complex." “Residents of the apartment complex tried getting Anne out of the vehicle but she put the car in reverse and then sped off. “A short time later, she crashed into a nearby home, igniting a fire. The fire was significant and engulfed the house."