The UK is heading towards its third Prime Minister since the 2016 Brexit referendum and either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak will be required to complete unresolved issues such as the transition out of the European Union. Theresa May said she would “make Brexit work”, while Boris Johnson said he could “get Brexit done”, yet Brexit remains unresolved. Allister Heath, Health Editor of The Sunday Telegraph, argues that Remainers are capitalising on the political shift of a new Prime Minister to cancel Brexit. READ MORE: Next PM ‘must take Brexit by horns' to 'prove naysayers wrong' He said: “They [Remainers] are attempting to blame Brexit for almost all of Britain’s myriad difficulties, claiming that the pain is self-evidently worse in the UK (“Brexit Britain”) than it is in Europe, and even portraying problems that are entirely unrelated to the European question as a Vote Leave broken promise. “Some Remainers are redefining themselves as outsiders, as rebels, as supporters of windfall taxes and nationalisation, and seeking to depict Brexiteers as an elite responsible for the energy and water crises.” He warned: “Eurosceptics need to take this new push to overturn Brexit extremely seriously.” Mr Sunak has been an early supporter of Brexit, claiming in 2016 that it was a “once in a generation opportunity for our country to take back control of its destiny”. Meanwhile, Ms Truss voted Remain saying that it was in Britain’s economic interests. However, in 2017 she declared she had changed her mind and would back Brexit in another vote. She reiterated this in May, and told The Telegraph: “If I could go back to 2016, I would vote to leave….What I’ve seen in both my job in trade and my role as Foreign Secretary is the new freedom and impetus that having an independent trade policy and independent foreign policy has enabled us to do.” Mr Heath argued that Ms Truss is “Brexit’s last hope” as there will not be another chance. He added: “Continued support for Brexit is correlated with support for the Tories: a slide in the latter leads to a decline in the former. “Truss will need to show that Brexit can improve lives, bolster the economy and fix broken institutions.” Earlier this year, in February, the European Parliament suggested that Britain held a second referendum to report on the assessment of Article 50. DON'T MISS: Migration hits RECORD high in post-Brexit surge [REPORT]Macron tipped to give Truss 'most insulting reaction possible' [UPDATE]Brexit Britain joins with Ukraine to rebuild war-torn infrastructure [LATEST] MEPs said that the UK should hold another vote to confirm the public’s choice, claiming Britons lacked all the necessary information in 2016. The statement read: “[The Committee] believes that, given the nature of the decision to leave the Union and its fundamental impacts on citizens of the departing Member State, the holding of a referendum to confirm the final decision to leave can be an important democratic safeguard. “It considers that the confirmation of this final choice by its citizens is also crucial in case negotiations of a withdrawal agreement fail to conclude, provoking a no-deal scenario. “It considers that all possible steps should be taken during this process to avoid disinformation, foreign interference and funding irregularities.” So what do YOU think? Should the new Prime Minister hold another Brexit referendum? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.