Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo interrupted Sky Sports' pre-game coverage of the Red Devils' game with Liverpool as he embraced his former team-mates Gary Neville and Roy Keane, but snubbed former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher. The punditry team were speaking while the Portuguese striker and his team were warming up, before they were stopped by the five-time Balon d'Or winner. Ronaldo took the time away from his pre-match preparations to shake hands with former United players Neville and Keane, but ignored Carragher before returning to the session and declined to speak on camera. Sky Sports host David Jones joked at Carragher: "Nice conversation with you Jamie," Carragher replied: "Totally blanked!" The Portuguese striker started on the bench at Old Trafford alongside club captain Harry Maguire, as boss Erik ten Hag picked Anthony Elanga in the attack while in defence has preferred Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez to the England international.  Carragher admitted during the broadcast that he expects Ronaldo to leave United this summer, amid rumours the forward could move elsewhere in search of Champions League football. "I think Ronaldo, the manager has an opportunity with players back to say no I want you on the bench," Carragher told Sky Sports. "If I’m being honest, I’m not sure the manager wants Ronaldo around the place, he had to play him last week because it was so poor against Brighton. As soon as he’s got options he’s put him on the bench and in two weeks I think Ronaldo will move on." DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already  Ronaldo previously revealed that he would explain all in an interview at the end of the summer after he reportedly asked the club to consider any serious offers for the 37-year-old. Ten Hag claimed that he did not know what that would achieve, and that Ronaldo has not told him that he wants to leave. "I don’t know what he wants to achieve with that so if you want to know that you have to ask him," Ten Hag told Sky Sports. "That’s not what he’s telling us. We plan with him it that has reasons, he scores goals. We are happy with him, we have to fit him in the system and the way we’re playing. That is what he’s trying and we’re trying."