But his grandmother, Carole Middleton, may have let slip some details of his secret party. Carole, mum of Kate Middleton, is the founder of Party Pieces, with the company’s latest release featuring an array of football goodies.  The company sell items like paper plates in the shape of footballs and balloons shaped like a golden trophy. The young prince is known to be a football fan like his dad, Prince William, who is head of the FA. George has been seen playing for his school’s football team, donning a blue and white striped jersey over a long-sleeved top, shorts and bright yellow football boots. He also wore an England top for his seventh birthday in pictures released by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.  And some are speculating that Carole Middleton’s new range of football goodies is linked to the young royal’s birthday party, with many suspecting he had a football-themed bonanza. The Royal Family came together on his big day to wish George a happy birthday, with a spokesperson for the Queen also tweeting her well wishes, alongside an adorable image of the pair together. The Irish Guards also put on a special treat for George as they played Happy Birthday to mark the occasion. A spokesperson for the Queen tweeted: “Thank you @irishguardsband for playing Happy Birthday to mark Prince George's birthday today!  READ MORE: GB News host calls for Prince Harry's memoir boycott "The Duke of Cambridge is the Colonel of the @irish_guards." Prince William became Colonel of the Irish Guards in 2011 and wore the uniform during his wedding to Kate that same year. In the clip, the band of trumpeters can be seen standing in a semi-circle as they performed the birthday song. Wearing their full-dress uniform complete, the guards put on a special show right in front of the Queen's London residence at Buckingham Palace.  DON'T MISS:Royal expert erupts in angry row over Prince Andrew-[COMMENT]Prince Harry comment leaves its mark on Queen aides 'Quite triggering' [OPINION]'What were you thinking?' Cambridges' told to 'change' royal tours [INSIGHT] The Irish Guard's red tunics have buttons arranged in groups of four to distinguish it from the other four regiments of foot guards. Royal fans also came together to wish the Prince a happy birthday, with many speculating as to what his party involved. One fan tweeted: “Happy birthday Prince George! We wish our beloved prince good health, happiness and love. We wish you a beautiful birthday party with your beloved family.” 