Selling Sunset has been following the lives of real estate agents at the Los Angeles-based The Oppenheim Group for the past few years but now it's the turn of a new group of brokers to stand in the spotlight. The Netflix reality series is getting its first spin-off, in the shape of Selling the OC, set in Newport, California. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching Selling the OC. The wait is almost over for Selling the OC as it will be making its debut on Netflix on Wednesday, August 24. While the reality series is going to come out at the exact same moment across the world, the time will vary due to the world being split into various time zones. As Netflix's headquarters is based in Los Gatos, California, the spin-off is going to technically first be released there. Selling the OC will be expected to come out just after midnight PT (Pacific Time). READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on For those Netflix subscribers who live on the east coast, the reality series is going to premiere at 3am ET (Eastern Time). Meanwhile, UK viewers are going to be treated to Selling the OC at 8am BST (British Summer Time). As the rest of Europe is roughly one hour behind the UK, the show is going to be released at about 9am. There will be no need to wait to find out how it ends though as all eight episodes are coming out in one go. Fans are going to be able to binge-watch Selling the OC as soon as it is released on Netflix. Each instalment will have a running time of about 30 minutes, making it easier to get through the series quickly. Selling the OC is set in Newport, California, along the west coast and less than an hour's drive from the Selling Sunset office in Los Angeles. Given the short distance and the fact it focuses on Jason and Brett Oppenheim's sister branch of The Oppenheim Group, some crossover moments are expected. DON'T MISS...Virgin River plot hole: Jack Sheridan family ties open up major error  [PLOT HOLE]Selling the OC cast: Meet the new agents [CAST]Selling Sunset’s Chrishell Stause addresses plans to quit Netflix show [EXPLAINER] Unlike the original reality series though, it won't be just a female-centric office. There will be a mix of male and female agents, competing for the best properties and gossiping about any office drama that occurs. There are also bound to be some romances, giving Selling the OC a different dynamic from the get-go. Co-founder of the real estate group Jason believes this spin-off is going to be one to watch. He told PopCulture.com: "I don't think anything's going to compare to this show. "I mean, I really think that the level of drama and the level of real estate is going to be unmatched. "I really honestly couldn't be more excited about [the show]. Even though it's just season one, I think it's going to be a huge success." Selling the OC premieres on  Wednesday, August 24, on Netflix.