Martin Henderson has proved to be the perfect man for the job when it comes to love stories, whether it be his role as heartthrob Jack Sheridan in Virgin River, or Meredith Grey's (played by Ellen Pompeo) rebound Nathan Riggs in Grey's Anatomy. Jack and Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) have been working on building a life together over the past four series on Netflix, with some major bumps along the way. So it's no wonder that subscribers are keen to know more about Henderson's personal life away from the small screen. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River. Actor Martin Henderson, despite his dashing good looks and obvious charm, has never been married. In fact, it is believed that the 47-year-old is currently single after breaking up with his long-term girlfriend Mexican model Aisha Mendez in 2021. The couple initially confirmed they were dating back in early 2020 through a sweet Instagram post which has now been deleted. They were even quarantined together in a New Zealand hotel during the coronavirus pandemic but sadly, Henderson and Mendez are no longer an item. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history Over the years, Henderson has been romantically linked to a number of famous faces. He was dating writer, director and movie producer Helen Randag for three years before calling it quits in 2020. Prior to their relationship, he was thought to be dating actress Demi Moore in 2012 after her divorce from Ashton Kutcher. Henderson also famously kissed singer Britney Spears in her Toxic music video but the two were never more than friends. It has been rumoured that the Virgin River star also dated actresses Radha Mitchell, Marnette Patterson, Aishwarya Rai and model Nicky Watson. Henderson hasn't yet had children of his own but is dog dad to his precious pup Sammy. He regularly shares pictures of his pooch on social media which fans have loved seeing. Along with a picture of Sammy on a beach, Henderson posted: "I love him so much. "Even when he gets coated in fine sand and leaves it ALL over the boat." DON'T MISS...England’s Alessia Russo details what was on Germany tactics note [EXPLAINER]Virgin River season 5 theory: Preacher betrayed by new love interest [THEORY]Sarah Dugdale boyfriend: Who is the Virgin River Lizzie star dating? [CAST] There is clearly plenty of chemistry between Jack and Mel in Virgin River but this romance stays in front of the camera. Henderson and Breckenridge have never dated but are close friends in real life. They even have their own Instagram cooking series, with the pair rustling up anything from sourdough bread to granola bars. Cooking went on the back burner for around nine months but the pair returned to Instagram Live for a special segment on making a pavlova.  Virgin River season four made its debut on Netflix at the end of July 2022. There is still plenty more to come though as following series three, the drama was given a double renewal. Virgin River season five is expected to premiere sometime in mid-2023. Virgin River is available to watch on Netflix.