Chelsea may well have to concede defeat in their pursuit of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and turn their attention to some late alternatives before Thursday's transfer deadline. The Blues are thought to have seen negotiations over the Barcelona forward hit a snag and now Thomas Tuchel faces a race against the clock to add more firepower to his forward line over the next few days. The ex-Arsenal hitman looked set for a Premier League return this summer, a matter of months on from departing north London under a cloud of controversy. The Gunners' London rivals Chelsea appeared set to land the Gabonese goal-getter following productive talks between former Borussia Dortmund pals Tuchel and Aubameyang, however there appears to have been a hitch in negotiations over a deal to see the striker head to Stamford Bridge. According to The Athletic, the Blues are now having second thoughts about signing the striker in the final few days of the summer window. In addition to a difference of opinion with Barcelona over a fee for the 33-year-old, personal terms with the player are expected to be problematic, amid murmurings of wage excessive demands. With Chelsea alarmingly short of options in attack, Tuchel will be desperate to add to his ranks over the next few days, but it seems he may well have to look elsewhere following the Aubameyang setback. With that in mind, Express Sport take a look at four alternatives the Blues may well be forced to consider. JUST IN: Chelsea given Zaha leverage as Crystal Palace swap possibility arises Despite outlining his desire to escape Old Trafford in order to satisfy a craving for Champions League football at the start of the summer, Cristiano Ronaldo remains a Manchester United player with a matter of days remaining in the current window. Chelsea are thought to be one of a number of clubs the Portuguese superstar's agent Jorge Mendes has offered the player to in recent months, but talks seemingly went no further than that. With Ronaldo still desperate to depart United, the Red Devils looking rejuvenated in his absence and the Blues in urgent need of an out-and-out centre forward, it seems feasible that a shock move may be of benefit to all parties. Signing the unsettled 37-year-old will hardly be the ideal scenario for Tuchel's side, but this late in the window, they can ill-afford to be picky. Should Chelsea fail to sign a new centre forward over the next few days, while it won't be ideal, it certainly wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. The Blues have an exciting young prospect in Armando Broja waiting in the wings and chomping at the bit to be awarded his first-team opportunity at Stamford Bridge this season. The 20-year-old showed plenty of promise during a fruitful loan stint with Southampton last season, in which he netted six goals in 32 Premier League appearances. While the Albanian striker is far from the finished article, he has shown a keen eye for goal and would certainly prove the cheapest alternative available given he is already on the club's books. DON'T MISS...Tottenham miss out as Chelsea deal concludes after Man Utd Antony bidAubameyang 'robbed and beaten at gunpoint' in scary Barcelona attackChelsea delay Fofana deal and send star to USA over injury concerns One player Chelsea are thought to have earmarked as a potential attacking alternative to the likes of Aubameyang and Everton's Anthony Gordon over the next few days is Crystal Palace talisman Wilfried Zaha. The Blues have previously been linked with the 29-year-old, who has already struck three goals in his first three Premier League matches this season, and with the Ivory Coast international having entered the final year of his contract, a cut-price deal could well be on the cards. Though Zaha is primarily a winger, he does have experience of leading the line for the Eagles in recent seasons. It would remain to be seen whether he possesses the quality to do the same for Tuchel's side on a regular basis however. Something of a surprise alternative, there have even been suggestions Chelsea could seek to re-sign Alvaro Morata in the coming days of the window, as a solution to their striking woes. The Spaniard spent two seasons at Stamford Bridge between 2018 and 2020 but managed just 24 goals in 72 appearances for the Blues as he struggled to adapt to the demands of the Premier League. Having since developed his game with Atletico Madrid and Juventus, there has been talk that a Chelsea return could be on the cards for Morata. With a lack of out-and-out centre-forward options available at present, it may well be worth the Blues giving the 29-year-old a second bite at the Premier League cherry.