The Turkish company Baykar produces unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), commonly known as drones, and has provided plenty of military equipment to Ukraine so far. The company also has strong ties to the Turkish government since its chief technology officer, Selcuk Bayraktar, is married to the country’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s daughter, Sümeyye Erdogan. In an interview with the BBC, the company’s CEO, Haluk Bayraktar, claimed the country has no intention of providing its products to Russia to be used against Ukraine. Bayraktar said: "No matter how much money they offer us, frankly, there is no question of handing drones over to them." He added: "All our support is completely on the side of Ukraine." In previous statements, the company’s CEO suggested that his company has become a "symbol" in assisting Ukraine’s resistance against Russia. He told CNN: "We are very proud, and it is very touching for us to be one of the symbols of this big resistance in Ukraine." The businessman added Ukraine is experiencing a "very disproportionate aggression" and that Baykar’s TB2 drones are a "valuable asset" for the defending country. He noted: "One of the reasons Bayraktar TB2 became a symbol for the free and sovereign Ukraine, is that the whole fleet of Bayraktar TB2 was alive since the day-zero of the war. "We have huge experience and Ukrainian operators are well-skilled, and they are operating these drones in all sorts of environments." READ MORE: Turkey handed masterplan to outsmart Putin as 'gas bonanza' discovered Praising his company’s product, the CEO added: "It is an operationally proven, robust system. It can fly in all sorts of environments and has high-end technological features. "It is a field-proven and very practical system. It has resistance and it proved itself on very different kinds of enemy targets." Highlighting the strategic relations between Turkey and Ukraine, Bayraktar commented that these were built upon "years of efforts", and added "there is a lot of interaction happening between the two countries in the defence area". He noted: "We build a win-win relationship model with Ukraine. It is a complementary relationship between the countries." READ MORE: Putin allies FLEE Crimea as explosions rock Russian basesPutin's growing alliance with North Korea as Kim tests missile AGAINPutin ‘fears for his life’ as Ukraine invasion ‘undermined’ by failure Answering a question on whether they would consider supplying these drones to Russia as well, he said they did not and would "never do such a thing", because they support Ukraine's sovereignty and resistance. Finally, asked to comment on campaigns to raise money to support Ukraine’s purchase of the Bayraktar TB2 drones, Bayraktar said the company was "touched" by that effort and decided to donate drones to Ukraine instead. Bayraktar said: "We as a company wanted to show that in such times, in such a big scale war, we are not after maximising our revenues and profits, rather we are after maximising our support for Ukraine and their fight for independence." And concluded: "We are praying for a just resolution and a lasting peace."