Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp claims that his side should have beaten Manchester United on Monday night, despite admitting that his claim might 'sound ridiculous'. The Reds' winless start to the Premier League season continued at Old Trafford as Erik ten Hag's side ran out 2-1 winners. There was a feeling that Liverpool could go for the jugular against United, who began their season with back-to-back defeats against Brighton and Brentford. The Reds romped to a famous 5-0 win in the same fixture last campaign, but it was evident from the start that Ten Hag's men were in no mood to let that happen again. Jadon Sancho showed tremendous composure to slot into the bottom corner and open the scoring before Marcus Rashford doubled the lead with a well-taken finish that breezed past Alisson. Mohamed Salah pulled one back late on for the visitors, but it was a night of celebration for thousands of United fans who have suffered of late. Despite the positive performance from Ten Hag's side and the wayward showings from the likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold and Virgil van Dijk, Klopp insisted that his team had the best of the action. JUST IN: Tottenham target Nicolo Zaniolo leaves pitch on a cart after worrying injury in Roma clash  "They were really aggressive in the beginning, it was clear what will happen," he told Sky Sports. "They were more aggressive than us and they hit the post early on. They scored the goal and we took over and played the game we wanted to play. We were unlucky with situations against an opponent like United, it would have been helpful to score and go 1-1 at half time. "The second goal does not help then it was a hectic game after our goal, definitely not the result we wanted. When we calmed down we have extreme number of shots for an away game at United. We should use more of these moments, the second half David de Gea made a fantastic save. If you score then the game turns then we did not have enough time or power in the end. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have four stars to thank after accomplishing rare featLeeds hero Danny Mills has Brenden Aaronson doubt despite superb startMbappe and Messi bury the hatchet to combine for eight-second goal  "When you are in a game like this fighting, these guys talk to each other and on the pitch it is a different conversation. It was not a perfect performance, it was clear United would get out of the blocks but we were not 100 per cent ready. We had to keep chasing the game and that is not what you want to do. It makes it difficult with their counter-attacking threat. The second goal is hard to take, it was offside, but we have to work with it. "We are in a tricky situation injury wise, we got through the week with 14, 15 senior players available and now have to make sure they don't get injured. We should have won this game, I know it sounds ridiculous but that is how I saw it. I am concerned about our situation, but that is how it is. We prepare for Bournemouth and Newcastle now."  Although it would be difficult to argue that United weren't deserving of the three points, Liverpool did have the better of the exchanges on paper. An overwhelming majority of possession, more shots and more shots on target couldn't be converted into goals from Klopp's side, who have collected just two points from their first three matches this term. By comparison, Ten Hag was understandably delighted after the final whistle and prompted an apology from Sky Sports as he swore in his post-match interview. The Dutchman also told United fans what they wanted to hear by suggesting that more signings could be on the way before the transfer deadline on September 1. 