The money is being applied as a discount to energy bills for people across England, Scotland and Wales, over six months. Equivalent support is expected for Northern Ireland. But experts have warned that landlords are not obliged to pass on the discount to their tenants, reports the Mirror. The £400 support will go towards every domestic electricity account, rather than for each household. This means that if a landlord pays the energy bill, the rebate will go to them rather than their tenant. MPs have said they expect landlords to pass on the deduction by lowering their charges, but campaigners have warned they are not obliged to do so. One in eight private renters, or 585,000 people, may miss out on the cost of living boost, Citizens Advice has said. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out  Dame Clare Moriarty, Chief Executive of Citizens Advice, said: “With the price of energy at a record high, it’s vital that government support reaches the people it’s intended for. “We’re worried that many tenants are falling through the cracks, putting them at risk of missing out on money to help them with soaring bills. “Renters must be able to take control of their energy payments if they want to, so they can get all the support they need.” By law, landlords can only charge tenants the same price they pay for the property’s energy bills. Yet tenants may have issues challenging them if they believe that they are being overcharged. There is no legal means at present for people to make sure that the £400 grant is being reflected in the bill to their landlord. Citizens Advice has recommended trying the small claims court if a person thinks they have been overcharged. BBC One Breakfast spoke to Gary, who lives in a residential park home, with his bills included as part of his tenancy deal. He said: “We get our energy supply from the owner of the park. We’re not actually connected to an energy supplier at all. “Although we still pay, we have our individual meters to pay, we still have a bill every quarter the same as everybody else. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments “It just seems another version of ‘You were forgotten’” John Gallagher, principal solicitor at Shelter, told the programme that tenants should seek clarity from their landlords about how the £400 will be applied to their bill. He said: “I think in all cases, tenants should ask their landlords for a breakdown of the charges they’ve been asked to pay, and for details of how the landlord has credited or applied the energy grant to reduce those charges. “We’re urging the Government to bring forward clear guidance on landlords, as to how they manage the grant, if they control their tenants’ contracts. “Guidance isn’t mandatory but at least tenants can refer to that if there is any problem and if for any reason they have to account for the fact that they haven’t paid a certain part of the charges that the landlord has asked them to pay.”  Ministers have announced that there will be further funding for the 1 percent of households who do not qualify for the £400 support. The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) told The Mirror that this extra boost would only go out to those who have a commercial meter or a commercial landlord. This would include some housing association tenants. Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for BEIS for more details about how the additional payments will work.