Christine Ross, royal expert, told Royally Us that she believed the Cambridge’s move to the Windsor Estate would prove a “really nice experience” for the children as they will be surrounded by family members. The Duchess of Cambridge’s sister Pippa welcomed a third child, a daughter named Rose, last month and it is believed she is in close contact with her elder sister as Kate prepares to move closer to the family in Windsor. Royally Us host Christina Garibaldi joked that Prince George will soon be “old enough to babysit baby Rose” as she and Ms Ross discussed the familial ties of the Middleton family and their inevitable deepening following the Cambridges move out of London.    Ms Ross said: “Now that the Cambridges are moving out to Windsor to the Berkshire area, and if Pippa is out in the Berkshire area, there will be lots of aunts and uncles, and cousins, running around. “It must just be a really nice experience for those kids.” Ms Garibaldi said: “Oh, definitely. And in a few years Prince George will be old enough to babysit baby Rose. I love that. A built-in babysitter.”    The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are believed to be moving to the Windsor Estate over the summer break in time for their three children to start their new primary school together in September. The family are reportedly moving into the recently-renovated Adelaide Cottage, a favourite breakfast spot of Queen Victoria, both to get away from London and to be closer to the Queen as she suffers with episodic mobility issues and winds back her public duties. The family moved into Kensington Palace in 2017 from the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk and they are allegedly keen to return to a countryside property to allow the children more freedom away from the spotlight. Prince William and Kate have been actively trying to minimise the amount of time their children are in the public eye while they can, according to royal experts, and the move to Windsor is believed to be a symptom of those wishes. READ MORE: Charlotte and Louis in stark break from Prince William's upbringing [REVEAL]   The family have been spending their summer break recently at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, cheering on British athletes in a multitude of disciplines. Princess Charlotte was spotted with Prince William and her mother the Duchess of Cambridge at the swimming events earlier this week. But the young princess told intrigued fans in Birmingham that it was, in fact, the gymnastics that was her favourite sport to watch. Tim Lawler, chief executive of SportsAid spoke to the Princess and said: “She really, really loved seeing the swimming, but she's interested in the gymnastics. DON'T MISS: Prince William embracing late mum's legacy to modernise monarchy [INSIGHT] Prince William's christening was like 'a funeral' claims expert [REPORT] Prince William 'sat in stands with beanie on' at first football game [REVEAL]   “While they're trying lots of different sports at home, when I asked her about sport she answered very easily and said 'It's gymnastics that I like'.” And in the latest signs that the Cambridge’s are looking to improve family ties with the Sussex’s, Prince William and Kate led birthday wishes to Meghan Markle, who turned 41 today. “Wishing a happy birthday to The Duchess of Sussex!” the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrote on Instagram. Alongside their birthday message, they shared a photograph of Ms Markle smiling during the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. READ NEXT: Pippa Middleton sells lavish Chelsea pad for staggering £22.5mPippa Middleton to follow in sister's footsteps with new titleInside Kate Middleton's first London home with sister Pippa Pippa Middleton's baby's name gives sweet nod to Queen and FirmKate was 'always jealous' of sister Pippa in younger years 