Power Book III: Raising Kanan was a hit with fans of the Power franchise as it took a step back to the 1990s. The Starz prequel tells the tale of Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) and how he grew up to be the villain from the original drama. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about who's returning for season two as well as the newcomers. The teen version of Kanan Stark was first seen delving into the world of drug dealing, despite his mum initially wanting him to stay away from it all. Actor Mekai Curtis has been in Arrested Development, The Lion Guard and was the voice of Zack Underwood in the Disney Phineas and Ferb spin-off, Milo Murphy's Law. While Raising Kanan focuses on the titular character's teenage years, his mum Raq is truly the star of the show as all of the drama revolves around her dubious actions. Award-winning actress Patina Miller is best remembered for her work on All My Children, Madam Secretary as Daisy Grant and Mercy Street. She also portrayed Commander Paylor in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen One of the first new faces being welcomed to the season two cast of Raising Kanan is actress LeToya Luckett. She will play Jukebox's (Hailey Kilgore) mum Kenya who used to date Marvin Thomas (London Brown). According to TV Line: “Kenya left the family when Jukebox was very young, tried to make it in LA as a singer, but now is settled in Harlem, where church is a big part of her life." Luckett is best known as one of the founding members of the '90s girl band Destiny's Child. Carter "Duns" Fareed is a businessman who has varied tastes in both music and art. He will be looking to expand into a less crowded market like those in Washington and Baltimore in season two. Actor Omar Dorsey will be remembered as Hollingsworth "Hollywood" Desonier in the Opray Winfrey Network drama Queen Sugar. Some of his other work has included Django Unchained, Selma and The Blind Side. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [THEORY]Raising Kanan: Raq's death 'sealed' as star drops haunting tease [TEASER]Outlander fans point out 'annoying' Jamie Fraser plot hole [REACTION] Another character who will frequently be seen with Marvin in season two is his anger management therapist Renée Timmons. But will she actually be able to help Marvin control his temperament? Actress Krystal Joy Brown has done plenty of work on Broadway and can be recognised as Diana Ross in the musical Motown: The Musical. In terms of her TV roles, Brown has been in Law and Order: Special Victims Unit, She-Ra and the Princesses of Power and The Equalizer. Rounding off the newbies is actress Paulina Singer as Zisa, a singer who hopes to make it to the top with Lou Lou Thomas' (Malcolm Mays) record label. She has previously been in Gotham, Dead of Summer, Tell Me A Story and NOS4A2. Other cast members include: Marvin Thomas - London Brown Lou Lou Thomas - Malcolm Mays Detective Malcolm Howard - Omar Epps Jukebox - Hailey Kilgore Power Book III: Raising Kanan premieres on Sunday, August 14, on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.