The unnamed airport worker was filmed struggling to sort a large number of suitcases ahead of a scheduled flight. In the video, the worker said: "Just literally no staff, mate. It is s***." A Channel 4 Dispatches investigation witnessed baggage handlers performing physically demanding work, by themselves on long shifts over multiple days that would, pre-pandemic, typically be covered by two or more people. Other baggage handlers describe how their team numbers had been slashed, commenting that the majority of people who were sacked were "experienced staff". Swissport, the baggage-handling company used by many airlines, sacked over half of its 6000 baggage handling staff during the pandemic. In the video, the baggage handler is asked about whether the luggage on the floor needs to be put back on the conveyor belt, the man continued: "I give up. I have just had enough already. "It's meant to be a two-man job. Put me on my own. READ MORE: Holiday horror: British couple found dead in French villa pool "This one's failed a little bit. I thought to myself, you know what? F*** them. "I don't give a f*** mate." Reporter Jane Moore added: "Some passengers have connecting flights. If their bags aren't put in the right container, they risk getting lost." Commenting on their investigation, the undercover reporter said: "To be honest, I just don't know how people do these shifts and these kinds of hours starting at 3am. "It’s absolutely brutal. No one gives them much credit. But without them no one's flights will be taking off. No one will be going on holiday." In response, Swissport gave this statement: "We are sorry for our part in the disruption some people have experienced at Manchester Airport. "We are doing everything we can to mitigate delays for passengers, including hiring more than 4100 people since January." It comes as EasyJet has revealed quarterly losses after taking a £133 million hit from recent airport disruption, but insisted its operations are getting back to normal following cuts to its flight programme. The budget airline reported a group headline loss before tax of £114 million for the three months to June 30, blaming "widespread operational challenges" and flight cancellations due to staff shortages at airports. DON'T MISS BBC Breakfast chaos amid last minute panic as host details 'collapse' [INSIGHT]Brexit: Truss and Sunak told to withdraw £11bn in EU funds [ANALYSIS]Honeymoon hell as British mum and baby stranded in Turkey [VIDEO] The result marked an improvement on the £318 million loss seen a year ago, but showed it remained in the red despite easyJet's passenger numbers jumping more than sevenfold to 22 million in the quarter. EasyJet boss Johan Lundgren said its summer operations had now "normalised" and were "much improved" in July after recent moves by airports to demand a cut in flight programmes. He said the group had flown around 5,000 flights in the past three days with no cancellations in the UK since the start of the school summer holidays. The carrier said it remains focused on ensuring "smooth operations this summer" and will continue to "fine tune" its schedule, signalling further flight cuts if needed. Airport Chaos Undercover: Dispatches will air on Channel 4 at August 1, 8pm.