Apex Legends developer Respawn is getting ready to unleash a huge new update on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. The next Apex Legends update has an August 9 release date and a 6pm BST UK launch time. The headline feature is the addition of a brand new character named Vantage. The sniper specialist can scope out enemies from a great distance, and use her winged companion to make up ground. As you can see from the patch notes below, the new update also makes changes to Kings Canyon, adding a new battleground for the Apex Games. Other new features include a level cap increase, as well as various quality of life improvements and balance changes. Read on for more about the Apex Legends Vantage update. NEW LEGEND • Vantage - Survivalist Sniper - Xiomara "Mara" Contreras is a survivalist who can see a threat coming from down her sniper scope from thousands of meters away. - Born to a wrongfully-convicted criminal who gave birth to her alone on the barren ice planet Págos, Vantage has grown into the ultimate survivalist. - Forced to live off a hostile land, she became unfathomably good with a scoped weapon. • PASSIVE: Spotter’s Lens - Aim down sights to scout with your eyepiece (unarmed or with mid- to long-range scopes) and use a bullet drop indicator to see where your shots will land. • TACTICAL: Echo Location - Position your winged companion Echo and then Launch towards him. Must have line of sight to Echo for Launch. • ULTIMATE: Sniper’s Mark - Use your custom sniper rifle to mark enemy targets which applies a damage bonus for you and your team. REFORGED KINGS CANYON UPDATE - In Season 5, Skull Town and Thunderdome were sunk by a massive explosion caused by Loba. - Now that the Salvage operation is complete, the Syndicate has rebuilt the area for the Apex Games. - Dredging machines have refilled the space with sand from the ocean floor, and a new battleground has been rebuilt with the iconic skull as its centerpiece. LEVEL CAP INCREASE - Players can now level past account level 500 through 3 additional tiers of 500 levels bringing the effective level maximum to Level 500 Tier 3. - This increase adds 345 additional Apex Packs earnable via account leveling, and ensures that everyone can earn an heirloom just by playing the game. - The total number of Apex Packs earnable via account leveling is now 544. BATTLE PASS - Certain Battle Pass challenges can now be completed in either Battle Royale or non-Battle Royale modes, giving you the flexibility to complete the Battle Pass your way. QUALITY OF LIFE • New Mode/Map name UI element on load screen and start flow. • “Winning” and “Champion” tags added to the scoreboard. • Added ability to use “tap” interact prompts when they conflict with “hold” (e.g. reloading near downed teammates is now a lot more reliable on controller). • Added flourish to the crafting materials in the top right of the HUD when they increase. • Added a flourish to items if they become craftable while in the crafting station UI. • Added accessibility switch for turning on and off TTS (Text-to-speech), defaulting to what your console or system has it set to (where available) • When dropping from the dropship, the location of the POI player lands in is now displayed. BUG FIXES • Hipfire reticles now change size based on the FoV • Fixed bug where canceling a Lifeline revive would cancel it for other teammates also being revived by Lifeline. • Fixed bug where players could not deal melee damage to Caustic Gas Barrels or Octanes Jump Pads. • Fix for issue where the buy menu would close each time a teammate completes a purchase/and or closes the buy menu. • Crypto’s Ultimate now destroys Wattson’s Pylon. • Fix for issue where Crypto’s heirloom animation audio would play globally when using a survey beacon. • Fix for issue where players could sometimes get stuck while crouched between a Replicator and Black Market after crafting. • Fixed bug where players could not unlock the “Fully Kitted” badge. • Fix for issue for Legends losing functionality like meleeing, using an ability, etc, while mantling. • Fix for bug where players could not switch ammo types for the C.A.R. SMG. • Newcastle - fix for issue where Newcastle could get stuck in their Ultimate animation while riding a zipline. • Newcastle - fixed bug where throwables placed on a Mobile Shield would start floating after the Mobile Shield disappears. • Newcastle - fix for cases where players wouldn’t take damage from ordnance or activate Caustic’s barrels when positioned between a Tactical Shield and its drone. • Newcastle - fix for bug where throwable abilities placed on a Mobile Shield could float away after the Mobile Shield disappears. • Wraith - fix for bug where Wraith would still take damage in the Ring while phasing. • Fix for a reload bug with the Mastiff and 30-30 Repeater where players could not ADS until reloading animation was finished. • Fixed bug where Crypto’s melee animations wouldn’t show his heirloom while in third person. • Vending Machines in Big Maude now have buyer protection. • Fixed an issue that could cause some stuttering and framerate spikes on consoles, especially PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S. • Fix for bug where the Dropship would sometimes spawn players outside the ship. • Fixed a bug where Heat Shields would disappear when placed under a respawn beacon, or mobile respawn beacon, and then the beacon was used. • Fixed a bug where Pathfinder’s zipline would be destroyed if placed on top of a respawn beacon and then the beacon was used. • Fix for cases when a Heat Shield could disappear when set under a Respawn Beacon that is activated. • Fix for a bug where Mirage decoys would not show up on scan for a few Legends.