Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has cautioned fans against over-reacting to the club's poor start with plenty of time to turn things around - starting with today's match against Bournemouth. The Reds have picked up just two points from their opening three league matches with Monday's devastating defeat to Manchester United highlighting several issues for Klopp to overcome. It's Liverpool's worst start to a Premier League season in 10 years with the Reds in desperate need of turning things around before it turns into a crisis. Injuries to the likes of Joel Matip, Diogo Jota and Thiago Alcantara haven't helped while Darwin Nunez also remains suspended. Liverpool were expected to hit the ground running with fixtures against Fulham and Crystal Palace to open the season. Monday's defeat to United was Liverpool's first Premier League loss since December and the first time they had been defeated at Anfield in the league since March 2021. But Klopp is hopeful that his side can turn things around quickly, insisting he knew Liverpool's ongoing success wouldn't last forever.  "Our season has had what I would say is a bit of a false start, but the beauty of football is that everything can change very quickly so today would be a good time for this to happen," Klopp wrote in the Liverpool programme. "Last season when we did unbelievably well there was not one part of me that thought it would be like this forever, no matter what. The sport we are involved in is played by human beings. Things change. Events happen. Fortune can go one way or another. There is always an opposition and this means other teams will have their moments. "So while I wanted our start to the season to be better and believed that it would be, I always knew that this would not be a given. The important thing now is how we react. We cannot and will not feel sorry for ourselves. We cannot and will not just expect results to improve because that has happened in the past. We cannot and will not wait for help from anyone else – only we can make things better. "Yes, we have perspective and we have a belief that comes from knowledge and experience, but we also know that the best way to improve is to work hard and stick together. There is no magic formula but this is definitely the best one. Working on the parts of our game which need sharpening is one part of this process but so too is recognising the elements which have worked well. Obviously no-one else is focusing on things like this when we have just lost to Manchester United but as coaches and players it is so important that we do recognise them because anything else does not make sense.  "Just as everything isn't perfect when we are winning games regularly, everything isn't broken when we are having to wait longer than we would have liked for our first victory. Today we will give it another try and we will do so in front of and with our own people. This is something that I could never and will never take for granted. We know the power of Anfield and we know how important our supporters are in everything we do. Between us, we can make a difference." The main topic around Liverpool this week has been whether or not they will bring in a midfielder before the end of the transfer window. Klopp insisted earlier in the summer that he felt no need to bring in midfield recruitment, but has now admitted he was "wrong". "I know we have had this discussion since it all started and I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder and I was wrong. That’s the situation," Klopp said. "But the specific point doesn’t change – we will do something but it has to be the right one. We will see.”