Some 40 percent of Universal Credit claimants are in work yet qualify for a top up from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help them meet living costs. Yet tens of thousands could be missing out because they don’t know how much they can earn and still claim. British households are suffering the worst cost of living crisis to hit the UK in 40 years, but some people could be missing out on vital financial support. David Samson, Welfare Benefit Specialist at poverty charity Turn2us, said unclaimed benefits are still a huge problem and some people could claim additional money. He said: “Whether it is because of an overly complicated system, societal stigma or simply not knowing, there are many reasons why people miss out on their benefits. “People over the age of 65 are especially likely to be missing out on their entitlements.” READ MORE: Mum’s money saving tip could save you £250 a month He continued: “We urge anyone who is unsure of what they are entitled to, to do a benefit calculation to see if there is anything they can claim.” There’s a handy benefits calculator on Turn2Us which will help people work out if they are due a top up which largely depends on their circumstances such as if they have dependent children living at home. Universal Credit payments reduce as people earn more - so it doesn’t matter how many hours someone works. In November, the Chancellor cut the Universal Credit taper rate and work allowance from 63p to 55p meaning thousands of Britons could be better off. DON'T MISSNationwide increases interest rates across savings accounts [ALERT]DWP confirms disability cost of living payment date [UPDATE]Building society launches new account with ‘attractive’ rate [ALERT]How much is inheritance tax and who needs to pay? [INSIGHT] Universal Credit: How much can I earn and still claim? There’s no limit to how many hours people can work and Universal Credit does not stop if someone works more than 16 hours a week. For every £1 a person earns over their work allowance (if they have one), Universal Credit payments will reduce by 55 pence, rather than 63 pence. Single people don’t automatically receive a work allowance, but Britons with responsibility for a child or a limited capability for work do. READ MORE: Bank offers 3.31% interest on savings up to £400,000 - ‘excellent' Martin Lewis recently gave his verdict on whether Britons should switch to Universal Credit early if they are on legacy benefits like tax credits. He urged anyone with a family income of £30,000 or less to check whether they could be entitled to a Universal Credit top up. The founder of Money Saving Expert explained that since the threshold changed in November, more than one million people could now be eligible for up to £7,000 a year. Approximately 1.3 million people are estimated to be losing out on Universal Credit payments of up to £7,300 a year. Universal Credit claimants could also benefit from thousands of pounds in extra help such as: 