Kevin Trapp wants to join Manchester United after being offered a four-year contract by the club, according to reports. The Germany international starred as Eintracht Frankfurt won the Europa League last season. And a move to Old Trafford may now be on the cards as the Red Devils hunt a deputy for David De Gea. Manchester United have shuffled their goalkeeping department this summer, with Dean Henderson joining Nottingham Forest on loan and Lee Grant jumping ship. Over the weekend, it emerged the Red Devils were upping the ante when it comes to signing a new shot-stopper at a time where De Gea’s form has alarmingly dipped. Now, according to Kicker, United are set to launch an official bid for Trapp that will be less than £8million. But they’ve now received a boost in their pursuit of the 32-year-old, with the publication saying Trapp wants to come. It’s said he’s been offered a four-year contract in order to move to United. And that’s rather surprising given his age and the fact that Henderson is expected to return from his loan spell at Forest at the end of the season. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd Trapp, at 32, is a goalkeeper approaching the twilight years of his career. But it seems the Red Devils want to tie him down to a long-term deal so he can challenge De Gea and Henderson for many years to come. Trapp previously played at the highest level with Paris Saint-Germain but returned to his homeland back in 2018 after struggling for consistency at the Parc des Princes. He is not, however, the only shot-stopper on United’s radar as they look for reinforcements late in the transfer window. Yann Sommer is one potential option, though the Switzerland international will want to play regularly - especially with the World Cup in Qatar creeping closer. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already United have been linked with Tim Krul, who has played in the top flight for Norwich, Newcastle and Brighton over the years. And Watford star Dan Bachmann is a third possible recruit, though it’s unclear whether Watford will allow him to leave given the Championship season is under way. A new goalkeeper isn’t the only signing United want to make before the transfer window slams shut, either. A new right-back is being eyed at a time where both Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have been deemed surplus to requirements. Barcelona’s Sergino Dest, as well as Monaco’s Vanderson, have been linked over the past few days. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United are set to make a last bid to try and land Frenkie de Jong, despite agreeing to pay a massive £70m for Casemiro. And they’re hunting reinforcements in attack, too, with Cody Gakpo and Antony on their radar amid negotiations with Ajax and PSV Eindhoven. Meanwhile, regarding De Gea, former United star Ben Foster doesn’t think the Spain international is suited to the system Erik ten Hag is trying to implement at Old Trafford. Speaking to talkSPORT, and referring to the club’s 4-0 defeat to Brentford last weekend, Foster said: "I can excuse the first goal, I really can. “That’s just a mistake and everyone makes mistakes. It’s poor technique from him. “But it’s one of those shots where it’s in between a dive and a scoop and he hasn't executed any of them. It’s managed to go through his hands. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "That’s the sort of thing you would do in training and you would pick up. You would save it 100 times out of 100. “But when it’s in a game and the pressure is on, that’s when you have a bit of self-doubt. That’s all it takes sometimes. "The worrying thing for me though was after that, De Gea was still trying to play the ball out from the back. “I think the problem with De Gea, and he’s a world-class goalie and he is one of my favourite goalkeepers in the Premier league era, but he’s not suited to playing it out from the back. He’s not suited to the type of football Ten Hag wants to play. “If Ten Hag wants to play this style of football they are going to get caught out like they did against Brentford." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here