Tottenham picked up all three points to continue their impressive start to the Premier League season, but were made to work for the win against Nottingham Forest. Harry Kane got things going for the visitors with a smart finish but the England captain missed his chance to double Spurs' lead in the second half when Dean Henderson saved his spot-kick. Kane eventually got his second late on after weathering pressure from Forest to secure the victory. Express Sport takes a look at four things learned from the match at the City Ground. Even before a ball was kicked this season, Tottenham were being widely tipped to challenge for the Premier League title under Antonio Conte. Good business in the transfer window to strengthen Conte's squad, coupled with the strong spine already in place has given the Tottenham boss the recipe for success. Manchester City and Liverpool remain the benchmark for any Premier League side aiming to win the league, but Tottenham have started the season in fine form and look hard to stop at the moment. The true test will come next month when they visit the Etihad, but Tottenham picked up six points against City last season and will feel confident about their chances once again. It's not a matter of if but when Harry Kane breaks Alan Shearer's all-time Premier League record. When Alan Shearer banged in his 260th Premier League goal of his career back in 2006, his record looked as though it would stand the test of time.  Strikers such as Michael Owen, Wayne Rooney and Sergio Aguero threatened to come close before their form dropped. But Kane appears to be getting better with age and is showing no signs of slowing down. Gone are the stereotypes of Kane being unable to score in August as he now has four goals in as many games to start the campaign. Another golden boot beckons potentially, moving him closer to that all-time record. Dean Henderson fell down the pecking order in England's squad after a season out in the cold last year but is back playing regularly in the Premier League this campaign and has started in excellent form for Nottingham Forest. Gareth Southgate appears to prefer Jordan Pickford, but the Everton shot-stopper faces a battle to keep his spot.  Henderson has shown maturity in Forest's opening four league matches and his two penalty saves are two huge highlights. England aren't short of options with Aaron Ramsdale and Nick Pope also gunning for that No 1 jersey. A nice headache for Southgate to have, but Henderson is very much in the mix. It's a small issue for Antonio Conte given the fact they've picked up 10 points from a possible 12 through their opening four games. But Son Heung-min has looked far from his best so far and that could prove troublesome further down the line. Kane may be on top of his game and he's proven the difference for Spurs so far, but Antonio Conte will need Son if the England international has an off day. The South Korean has looked off the pace somewhat through the first four games and has finished 90 minutes on just one occasion. He only went four league games without a goal once last season before going on to win the golden boot and playing a crucial role in helping Spurs secure a top-four finish. It might only be a blip, but Conte will be wary of his star attacker losing even more confidence in front of goal. 