Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel dropped a fresh Wesley Fofana transfer hint at the weekend after admitting that pace and speed were issues for his side. The Blues began their Premier League campaign by defeating Everton 1-0 at Goodison Park but started the game with three defenders over the age of 30. Thiago Silva, 37, Cesar Azpilicueta, 32, and summer signing Kalidou Koulibaly, 31, lined-up in the Chelsea back three for their visit to Merseyside but rode their luck at times and could be exposed by more threatening attacks. And Tuchel was quick to identify the weaknesses. “Azpi is the legend that he is, Thiago is in the moment still very important to us and when we had the chance to sign Kalidou we did it because we believe that he has some years ahead of him,” the German said after Saturday’s match. “But in general it is the fact that like the goalkeeper and the double sixes are in their thirties, and that is just what it is. Pace is an issue and speed is an issue. In all signings, this is the demand of the game that you can play one on ones, that you can defend space if needed with high-speed runs. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest   “It is a lot of experience, it is maybe another of age - it is a lot of experience and they have their quality and they know what they are doing. We also need to make sure we have a new generation to take over in the next years but the guys are strong that is why they are under contract and the guys have our trust. There needs to be [balance]. I think it is necessary. The game in general is very physical and demands a lot. This is the situation. We knew it before.” Chelsea have seen two bids for Fofana turned down, with reports suggesting the Blues may have to stump up as much as £85million to get their hands on the 21-year-old. The centre-back has impressed in the Premier League since joining Leicester from Saint-Etienne two years ago, although he missed the majority of the last campaign with a broken leg. DON'T MISSSaliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exitsDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made   Fofana was in action on Sunday and played the full 90 minutes as his side hosted Brentford in their first Premier League game of the season. But the Foxes saw a two-goal advantage slip as the match ended in a 2-2 draw. Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers has already publicly stated that Fofana isn’t for sale. So if Chelsea want to get the deal done, they will need to find a way to convince the east Midlands club that the move is best for everyone. 