The US and China are on collision course to a dangerous escalation in Taiwan, Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Lawrence Wong warns, following Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s visit to the island. Since Speaker Pelosi's trip to Taiwan, China has multiplied military drills around the sovereign country, which Xi Jinping’s regime considers to be part of China under the One China policy. Deputy Prime Minister Wong fears the US and China are “sleepwalking” into conflict. When asked about how likely an invasion of Taiwan is, Mr Wong said: "Well, it’s hard to say, especially in such a scenario now where things are, you know, getting more and more uncertain. "But I think Taiwan is certainly one flashpoint. It can easily become very dangerous. As we have seen in recent events and can even escalate quite quickly. "Not because either party deliberately wants it to become a flash point because, as I said, both sides understand the consequences and really do not want to go into conflict. "The leadership on both sides understands this but as they say, no one deliberately wants to go into battle." "But we sleepwalk into conflict," Mr Wong warned. "And that’s the biggest problem and danger." Since China conducted military drills around the island, Taiwan has sought to acquire large weapons platforms like warships and fighter aircraft. Fears of an invasion reached an all-time high when US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi controversially decided to visit Taiwan in early August. Despite severe threats from Chinese officials, Nancy Pelosi landed in Taiwan as part of her Asian tour. READ MORE: South China Sea closer to war with 'severe consequences' China immediately condemned Speaker Pelosi’s visit, with the Foreign Ministry saying it gravely damaged peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait. The visit “has a severe impact on the political foundation of China-U.S. relations, and seriously infringes upon China’s sovereignty and territorial integrity”, the Foreign Ministry said in a statement, adding: “These moves, like playing with fire, are extremely dangerous. Those who play with fire will perish by it." A senior White House official told the Washington Post that Chinese leader Xi Jinping pleaded with President Joe Biden to prevent Speaker Pelosi from making the visit to Taiwan. The Chinese President made the request on a July 28 phone call, but Joe Biden said that Congress is a separate branch of Government that is not under his control. DON'T MISS:Xi poised to trigger 'frightening' plan to shift ALL EV factories [REPORT] Xi and Putin set for explosive crunch meeting with Biden [REPORT] China sends Taiwan into chaos AGAIN as 51 military aircraft swarms [REPORT] Now, Taiwan is seeking military equipment amid China’s continued daily air and sea manoeuvres close to the island. "In the face of China's harassment and provocation outside Taiwan's territorial waters, it is even more necessary to keep an eye on the dynamics of enemy ships all the time. The pressure is so great that it is indescribable," Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing-wen said while visiting the island’s navy to thank them for their effort amid China’s military drills Only 13 countries recognise Taiwan as an independent country, according to World Population Review, as most countries consider Taiwan to be part of China – raising doubts about which countries would be willing to defend the island in case of invasion. READ NEXT:Putin lashes out at Biden over 'irresponsible' Pelosi trip to TaiwanTaiwan enters trade talks with US after China conducts military drillsXi humiliated as Taiwan invasion plans torn apart: 'Lacks initiative!'China tests improved air missiles as US tensions rise over TaiwanPutin's growing alliance with North Korea as Kim tests missile AGAIN