Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has revealed he wants to bring in "one more" player before the transfer window shuts as the club chase a deal for Leicester centre-back Wesley Fofana. The German tactician has made a public transfer plea to owner Todd Boehly which could take their spending past £250million this summer. The Blues have spent around £175million this summer on five new signings, the most of any Premier League club, with Marc Cucurella becoming their most expensive defensive acquisition after arriving in a £62m deal last week. But Tuchel admits he is still searching for one more addition to his side and hinted at a defensive addition, amid reports the club have had two offers rejected for Leicester centre-back Fofana. "We could do with one more,” Tuchel told reporters on Friday before their match against Tottenham this weekend. “If you look at the numbers and we play with a back three, the profile of what we have is a bit different I admit. READ MORE: Chelsea under pressure over Fofana as Leicester plan emerges “We play with Azpi as a full-back or with [Marc] Cucurella on the other side, but both can play as a central defender. We could use one more, let’s see what happens." Chelsea are understood to have made 21-year-old Fofana their top target and have had two bids rejected by their Premier League counterparts, with the latest offer in the region of £70m. Foxes boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted the two clubs are 'nowhere near' in agreeing on a valuation for the defender, but the Northern Irishman did not entirely rule out a sale after being quizzed on his future. DON'T MISSDe Jong agent's social media drops Man Utd and Chelsea hintNewcastle 'in talks' to sign £45m Chelsea duo with one more on radarGallagher fear raised at Chelsea as Man Utd transfer discussed And when asked repeatedly about his interest in the French starlet, Tuchel refused to be drawn on whether they would return with another bid. “I will not comment. No matter how good your question will be, I will not comment!" Tuchel said. Chelsea made their first significant sale of the summer after allowing Timo Werner to return to RB Leipzig earlier this week in a £25m deal, leaving room for another forward to join the club this summer. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who faces an uncertain future at Barcelona following the arrival of Robert Lewandowski, has been linked with a reunion with Tuchel after working with the German at Borussia Dortmund. Tuchel revealed that he still maintains a "close bond" with the 33-year-old and appeared to add more fuel to the fire when discussing if Aubameyang could represent a possible addition to his frontline. "It was a pleasure [coaching Aubameyang]. Some players stay your players because you were very close and Auba is one of these players," he said. "Even when we played against him with Arsenal, straight away there was this close bond. He later added: “We could strengthen our squad in depth. It's one thing that you wish for and it's another that is possible. "We are looking for top quality and top personalities. You don’t always get what you get wish for, but we are ambitious. Everything is possible until the end [of the transfer window]."