A startling breach of royal practice by the Queen has been noted in wake of fierce allegations made by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in their interview with Oprah Winfrey. The monarch made the unprecedented decision to address the damning claims of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex following their step down from royal duties in 2020. The Queen shunned royal tradition by releasing a statement to combat the shocking revelations of Meghan and Harry. In a Channel 4 documentary, The Real Windsors, the actions of the Queen after the renowned tell-all interview have been branded “incredible”.   Speaking on the docu-series, editor for The Sun Victoria Newton explained the Queen’s unorthodox course of action after the interview was aired. She said: “The Queen then put out a statement, a considered statement, two days later saying ‘recollections may vary.’ “To comment on something like that is incredible. “She was essentially saying that Harry and Meghan aren’t telling the truth about everything - and that’s quite a statement.”    Royal historian Robert Lacey offered his analysis of the Queen’s statement, noting that the monarch continued to offer sympathy as a grandmother despite the controversy sparked by the interview. He said: “She expressed always her personal sympathy as a grandmother with what her grandson was going through and was complaining of. “Then the statement also made clear what the royal rules said: you’re either in or you’re out.” Read more: Meghan 'believed' part-time royal plan would 'elevate' Royal Family During their interview with Oprah, Prince Harry and Meghan revealed in detail their troubled relationships with members of the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess highlighted particular frustration that the Royal Family repeatedly failed to address the flood of negative media attention surrounding Meghan. The couple also suggested there were uncomfortable “conversations” surrounding the race of their first child, Archie, with some unspecified members of “the firm” airing shameful concerns over the child’s skin tone. Prince Harry said he felt “let down” by his family as he claimed his turbulent relationship with his father, Prince Charles, had caused him “a lot of hurt.” Don't miss: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Prince Harry tipped for 'return into the royal fold' [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] In the days following the interview, an official statement was released on behalf of the Queen. It read: “The whole family is saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan. “The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning. While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately.” The final line added: “Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved family members.” Read next: Prince Harry to leave out detail that would 'burn the whole Firm down'Harry, Meghan could return as ‘no one wants them around' in the USMeghan Markle and Harry 'dumped' from front cover as Kate takes overWilliam and Harry will 'go separate ways' as reconciliation 'doubtful'Meghan Markle is happy ‘now’ says close friend Tyler Perry