The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, was spotted arriving in Scotland on an economy flight alongside her children. The family made the trip up to Balmoral just in time for a quick holiday before school restarts. The Queen, 96, is spending her summer break at the Royal Family’s Aberdeenshire estate. Kate was seen leaving a budget flight with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s two youngest children on Sunday. She had Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, in tow, but it is thought that Prince George, nine, travelled with Prince William. Royal expert Daniela Elser described the "moving symmetry" between the Cambridges and the late Princess Diana, who she argued made the current family unit "possible". She wrote in the New Zealand Herald: "For the second time in the last three years, the future Queen of Great Britain and her kidlets have been caught on camera disembarking from a cheapie flight at the regional airport [Aberdeen] as they head to the Queen's nearby vast estate, Balmoral. "The 15-second clip, shared via (where else?) TikTok, had already garnered 1.8 million views in a matter of days despite it being a video of people walking. "Kate, wearing sunglasses (did someone say holiday mode?) can be seen holding Princess Charlotte's hand while the Cambridge family's long-time nanny Maria Turrion Borrallo and Prince Louis follow behind them. "A man in a suit, who may be a private protection officer, hurries behind carrying a bag that looks to contain a tennis racket." READ MORE: Prince Harry opens up on heartbreaking wish for Archie and Lilibet She then said: "What is remarkable is how no-fuss and low-key the whole situation is, no genuflecting ground staff or curtsying stewardesses." She then added: "And this simple moment could not have happened without one person, and one person only: Diana, Princess of Wales. "There is a certain moving symmetry that as we approach the 25th anniversary of her death next week, her son Prince William, daughter-in-law Kate and three grandchildren are living a life that only she could have made possible for them, a life that only a generation before would have been completely unthinkable." A TikTok user who claimed to be on the flight with the Duchess of Cambridge and the young royals described how Kate was just "a mum taking her children on holiday to see grandmother". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Ignore preaching! Harry backlash over £7m gaffe [LIVE] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew give up hope of royal comeback? [VOTE] TikTok user @turbom1k3y wrote: "On a flight to Scotland, Kate Middleton, both kids, nanny and security two rows in front of me." They added in the comments: "Could get a private jet or helicopter but keeping it simple, flying economy." They continued: "She even got up half way through the flight to get her daughter's iPad. "And yes she was stunning, even gave me a smile while looking back a row behind her to talk to her son. "No one on board took any photos or videos. “Just a mum taking her children on holiday to see grandmother, but there was a buzz on board." The account then described how the family travelled with a light security team and the children's nanny.