Graeme Souness believes it is not beyond the realms of possibility that Erik ten Hag will be sacked by Manchester United as early as next week. Ten Hag has lost his first two competitive games in charge, the first United manager to do so in over 100 years. Defeat at home to Brighton on the opening day was followed by a 4-0 drubbing at Brentford on Saturday. The Red Devils are rock bottom and are one of just three teams to have lost both their first two matches this season. Ten Hag's task does not get any easier. Liverpool are the visitors to Old Trafford next Monday. United haven't beaten their old rivals in their last eight league meetings and not at home since March 2018. Liverpool won both games last season by an aggregate score of 9-0. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd £25m talks, Gordon to Chelsea, Ten Hag accepts exit  Souness sees no improvement in the United squad from last term despite three signings being brought in. The Liverpool legend says the clock is already ticking on Ten Hag. Souness said on talkSPORT: "I think it's a difficult time for Man United. I'm not sure with this group of players, with this manager, that they're going to be any different to where they were last year. I really don't. "I think the players they've brought in are not game-changers for them. I think the clock's ticking on him already. I think that's the nature of being manager at Man United at this time. "They expect big things from him, he's been successful at Ajax in what is a much inferior league to the Premier League, the demands there are nothing like what he's got on his shoulders in the Premier League, and indeed managing arguably the biggest club in the world." DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu may be working on four La Liga deals after 'boarding flight'Chelsea set for sixth signing as club chiefs aim to strike deal 'tomorrow'Tavares shows Arsenal what they're missing with another star performance Souness was then asked if a heavy defeat to Liverpool could already spell the end for Ten Hag. He replied: "Listen, don't be surprised at surprises in football." Ten Hag accepted some responsibility for his side's performance at the weekend. But he acknowledged that work needs to be done in the transfer market over the next two-and-a-half weeks. The Dutchman said: “We are, as a team, in a difficult process. We expected a different start. It seems like what happened in the past, last season, we have to change that very quickly. “We need new players, we need quality players and we will do everything to convince them to come. Don’t get me wrong, managers are responsible as well. It’s a big responsibility and I take that. I will work on that.” 