Marriage is back on BBC One tonight and Emma (played by Nicola Walker) attends a legal conference with her boss. Meanwhile, she and Ian (Sean Bean) come to a new understanding and Ian finds a way to move forward. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast of episode three. Maxine is one of the guest stars of episode three and she is played by Ella Augustin. The actress has previously appeared in Pennyworth, Evil Lies and Hetty Feather. Fans may also recognise her from Evil Lies, Guerrilla and Teen Spirit.  Rhian - Dannie Harris Rhian is played by Dannie Harris, who is relatively new to the world of acting. Her two previous credits are the music video Wake Me Up for Foals, and Autopsy: The Last Hours of. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on Hector Hewer plays Kieran and fans may be interested to hear this is not the first time he has played a character with that name. He also played Kieran in the series Half Bad, with his other credits including Toast and Butterfly Kisses.  Louise is played by Amy Morgan, a Welsh actress who starred in the James Bond film No Time to Die. She also had a big role as Heidi McKinnon in the series Showtrial, with her other credits including Call the Midwife and Breeders. In her earlier career, she played Grace in Mr Selfridge and Shelly in Baker Boys. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Rhona left devastated as Marlon tragically dies Sarah Durham plays Cheryl and fans may recognise her as one of the headmistresses in Sex Education. She has had guest roles in some huge shows including Gentleman Jack, Call the Midwife, EastEnders and Emmerdale.  Neal Barry stars as Michael and this is not the first time he has worked alongside Nicola Walker. He starred in an episode of Unforgotten back in 2015, and his other credits include Doctors and Tina and Bobby. The star may also be recognised as Smoke from The Interceptor and David from Him & Her. DON'T MISS... Marriage star defends BBC series as fans blast 'boring' drama [INSIGHT] Marriage viewers 'switch off' as Nicola Walker drama branded 'boring' [DISCUSSION] Marriage star pays tribute to Nicola Walker and Sean Bean [INSIGHT] Magnus is played by Paul Albertson, an actor and voiceover artist from London. The 53-year-old star narrated Craftsmen of Creativity and had roles in Coronation Street and The Bill.  Gavin Joseph plays Rafik and he is also rather new to the world of acting. His two previous credits include the short Code-Switching and the series The Cleaner. READ MORE: Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' Henry is played by Paul Antony-Barber, an English actor best known for playing Principal Sweet and House of Anubis. He has a whole host of other credits to his name including Free Rein, Striking Out and Doctors.  Padraig is played by Ciaran Dowd, an Irish comedian, actor and writer. In 2018 he won the 2018 Edinburgh Comedy Award for Best Newcomer and had a solo show called Don Rodolfo. His previous credits include Hidden Ireland and Drunk History: UK. Joseph Thompson has a guest role in the upcoming episode and he is a theatre and voice actor. He may be recognised for playing Paul Browning in Hollyoaks and Martin Ashby in Silent Witness.  Marriage airs on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.