Her Majesty is unlikely to have given outright "lessons" to Kate about her role and the Royal Family over the past decade, insiders have claimed. Rather, one royal historian believes, the Queen may have approached her relationship with the Duchess of Cambridge similarly to how she behaves with her prime ministers. Historian Sarah Gristwood, author of Elizabeth: Queen and Crown, told People magazine: "The Queen has always preferred to do rather than to say. "With her audiences with her prime ministers, if there has been actual advice, it would be a discreet 'I think that went rather well' rather than actual instruction." The Queen's teachings, albeit concealed, are surely welcomed by Kate, who will one day become Queen Consort following the accession to the throne of her husband Prince William. Kate has demonstrated to be very much a modern woman, as exemplified by her stances on parenting, the environment and mental health. Nevertheless, Ms Gristwood said, the Duchess has also shown the ability and desire to fit in the "royal wheel". She said: "It's a personal willingness to conform to the requirements of the institution. "That sounds like an unappealing, unglamorous virtue, but it's an important one if you're going to be a successful cog in the royal wheel." While the discreet monarch has never openly shown her admiration for the Duchess, royal biographer Andrew Morton previously claimed the Queen was "impressed" by Kate's selfless dedication to her now husband. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma He told OK! magazine: "The thing about Kate is the Queen was impressed she adored and loved William for himself, not for his title. "She spends a lot more time supporting and nurturing the relationship between William and Catherine than she did with Charles and Diana. "It's pretty clear she wasn't going to make that mistake again." Royal commentator Victoria Murphy also spoke about the relationship between Her Majesty and the Duchess. The royals, she believes, share a common personality. She told Yahoo UK: "I’ve always thought that Kate has more in common personality-wise with the Queen; not an extrovert, but quietly self-assured with a love of the outdoors and the ability to compartmentalise. "I think she still remains more of a team player than a leader though and perhaps more of a listener than a talker, but I think these qualities are well-suited to her current and future roles." Kate and Prince William met at St Andrews University in 2001, when they both started a four-year course. They first struck a friendship and moved in together with two more friends in a four-bedroom home near the Scottish town centre. Their relationship reportedly turned romantic in 2003 and, beside a short breakup lasting only for a few weeks in 2007, they have been together since. Kate officially joined the Royal Family in April 2011, when she married William during a fairytale ceremony held at Westminster Abbey. She has since crafted a role for herself by choosing which causes to support including the early years and tearing down the stigma surrounding mental health. The Duke and Duchess are now considered among the most prominent members of the Firm, and have been "representing the Queen impeccably" over the past years, according to royal author Sally Bedell Smith. Speaking to People, she added: "They're showing a kind of dedication she would be proud of. And that probably gives her hope."