Today, Aldermore has increased the rates across its personal savings products, providing savers with better rates on a range of products to help fulfil their mid to long term savings goals. As the cost of living crisis continues, many people will be wondering how they can make the most out of their money. With inflation on the rise, and the base rate so low, Britons are encouraged to look around for the best deals to ensure their savings are working as hard as they can. The following increases to personal savings products include: Individual Savings Accounts   READ MORE: Dragons’ Den cast blown away by pitch for £125,000 - 'My toughest negotiation in the Den’ This has prompted many banks to increase their interest rates on their savings accounts so people can earn more for their money. Savers can as classed as winners as when interest rates rise people should see a bigger return on their money. However, it is down to the individual bank to pass this higher rate on. HSBC has also recently increased interest rates across their various savings accounts. READ MORE: 'Absolutely crazy!' Man shocked after being left with £3,000 energy bill that wasn't his The new increases will come into affect from September 1. The bank's Online Bonus Saver will increase from 1.30 percent to 1.40 percent (under £10,000) for customers who don’t make a withdrawal from the account in the month. Additionally, their Easy access savings rates will have increased from 0.20 percent to 0.40 percent for all customers. The last time interest rates were this high was during the global financial crisis in December 2008. The move is an attempt to slow the rate at which prices are rising as the Bank has warned that inflation could pass 13 percent later this year. The consumer price index (CPI) measure of inflation rose to 10.1 percent in July, up from 9.4 percent the month before, according to the Office for National Statistics. That was higher than the 9.8 percent figure forecast by economists and prompted markets to pencil in the Bank of England raising interest rates to 3.75 percent by March 2023. Andrew Sentance, a former member of the Bank of England’s rate-setting committee, said it could need to raise rates to between three percent and four percent by the end of this year. Sentance said: “The Bank has been quite slow in responding and is clearly behind the curve in trying to get on top of this surge in inflation. “They do have tools at their disposal, particularly interest rates.”