The 40-year-old first joined the long-running sci-fi drama back in 2017 as after replacing actor Peter Capaldi. Although she’ll now be passing the baton onto Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa, her final episode is said to be massive. Jodie's final episode will be a 90-minute long special and it’s believed fans will see a homage to all the doctors that have come before her. In the highly anticipated finale, the 13th doctor will wear a mash-up of all the different iconic costumes that have been worn by many of the previous Time Lords. Her last stint as the doctor lines up with the BBC’s 100-year anniversary celebrations this October with many old faces returning for the special episode. ITV’s Bradley Walsh will be making a comeback as his character Graham O’Brien to help Jodie battle some old enemies.  Also reprising their roles for the 60th special will be David Tennant and Catherine Tate who fans will remember as the 10th doctor and Donna Noble. Eagle-eyed Doctor Who fans will spot Jodie wearing many different items that have been worn in the infamous TARDIS over the past six decades. People can expect to see the fourth doctor’s (Tom Baker) striped scarf, fifth doctor Peter Davison’s odd celery sprig along with the checked trousers that were seen in 1963 by second doctor Patrick Troughton. Throughout the episode, Jodie will also don the well-known question mark jumper worn by seventh doctor Sylvester McCoy along with David Tennant’s brown and blue tie which he wore during his time as the Doctor.  One source told The Mirror: “Getting Jodie and some others to wear some of the best-loved items from the Doctors’ wardrobes over the decades, seems a fitting and perfect way to mark the BBC’s 100-year anniversary.” A host of cameo appearances from old friends of the 13th Doctor are set to make an appearance in the 90-minute special as they come together to help her beat her deadliest enemies. Matt Strevens, the executive producer, has said that the final story is “massive” with surprises in store for fans of all ages.  Speaking to Doctor Who magazine, he revealed that the special will push everybody’s buttons. Although fans have thoroughly enjoyed watching Jodie play the 13th doctor, the actress made a “three series and out” pact with the showrunner Chris Chibnall. Speaking about her time on the show ahead of her exit, Jodie said: “My heart is so full of love for this show, for the team who make it, for the fans who watch it and for what it has brought to my life. “And I cannot thank Chris enough for entrusting me with his incredible stories. “We knew that we wanted to ride this wave side by side, and pass on the baton together.”  Doctor Who's next special premieres in October 2022 on BBC One. 