 After six seasons on air AMC’s highly acclaimed crime series, Better Call Saul came to an end. The finale which featured a surprise appearance was also of significant importance as it connected with the original series.    Better Call Saul followed the complex life of Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) as he went from being an ex-con to an attorney. However, his transformation continued until he became a corrupt criminal lawyer under his alias Saul Goodman. The series which premiered in 2015 was the spin-off of its hit predecessor Breaking Bad. Although he had a brief appearance in the show, Better Call Saul gave viewers insight into Saul’s life before and after the events in Breaking Bad. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist    As the series drew to a close, Breaking Bad’s iconic characters Walt White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) made a surprise appearance in episode 11. However, it was a flashback scene in the finale which was revealed to have a deeper meaning. The episode titled Saul Gone saw Walter and Saul having an open conversation about regrets. During this, Walt glanced at his watch, before responding and although this may seem of no significance, it was an important moment for the character.   The watch he wore was a TAG Heuer Monaco, which Jesse had gifted him for his birthday during season five. Although Walt went on to rage about Gray Matter Technology, the look at his watch implied Jesse was truly his biggest regret. Walter was a chemistry teacher who had been diagnosed with cancer and in order to ease the financial burden, he decided to sell Meth. He linked up with former student Jesse and the two embarked on a complicated journey and formed a complex relationship based on drugs. DON'T MISS...NCIS fans in meltdown as star confirms Ducky's season 20 return [INSIGHT]Breaking Bad’s Aaron Paul says emotional goodbye to Jesse Pinkman [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul boss speaks out on axed Jimmy and Kim ending [INSIGHT]   Though Walt was often a parental figure for Jesse, their relationship came to a bitter end when they both betrayed each other. Jesse’s gift was an ironic present as the Tag Heuer Monaco was made famous by fashion designer Steve McQueen, who had died after cancer surgery. This symbolism in the flashback made the scene even more moving for the character. During Breaking Bad’s season five finale, he left the watch on top of a payphone and although the show’s creator admitted it was a blunder, star Bryan Cranston shared his interpretation.    The actor stated: “He was leaving everything behind, and that was a symbol of that, it was leaving the past. “Ridding himself of any talisman that put him back to who he was at the beginning of the show or any association of that,” Bryan told the That Scene with Dan Patrick podcast. A Redditor also acknowledged the scene and wrote: “I loved that Walter looks at the watch Jesse gave him when he's thinking about regrets. “Of course, he doesn't admit it, but it's nice to see that he does harbour guilt about what happened to Jesse.”  Better Call Saul seasons 1-6 are available on AMC   