Daily Express' Royal Round-Up's host Pandora Forsyth has sat down with royal correspondent Richard Palmer to explore how Prince Charles is switching times and energy away from charity campaigning. Mr Palmer believes the Queen's eldest son is "whittling down" time spent with charities in order to focus on the needs of becoming Britain's monarch. Mr Palmer told the Royal Round-Up: "In 2018, he rode back on quite a lot of his charity work. "He rationalised his charities." He added: "From what I understand, that is a process that is going to continue as he goes forward. "He's whittling down the amount of time [that] he spends going to visit the charities, and certainly, putting pressure on them to raise money." READ MORE: 'Might want to step back' Princess Anne tipped for potential retirement in Charles' reign He continued: "He's actually got a lot bigger fish to fry now. "He's essentially standing in for the Queen on an awful lot of [her duties]. "So that's his focus." He added: "My understanding is, also that, when he becomes King he... will further distance himself from all of his charities."  Mr Palmer expressed doubt over whether there is a "formal process" for doing this, or where it would be "just by him distancing further". "It's not clear yet", he stated He did add: "[Charles] may well have to do something formally to cordon them off from his work as King." Prince Charles recently spoke about his charity, the Prince's Trust, highlighting the work the organisation has done for many years to help young people with skills to find employment. DON'T MISS Recent research from the charity and Learning and Work Institute found the proportion of out-of-work young people reporting a mental health problem has increased from 11 percent in 2011 to almost a third (30 percent) in 2022. The Prince of Wales has praised the "resilience" of young people during the coronavirus pandemic in a message about mental health. Charles said disruptions caused by the pandemic "have the potential to be devastating in their impact on young people's wellbeing". He was delivering a message to mark International Youth Day on Friday, an occasion he said is "immensely close to my heart". READ NEXT: