The iPhone 14 is almost here, with Apple recently confirming when its next range of iOS devices will be revealed to the public for the first time. The Cupertino tech giant has announced that it's next event - which will reveal the iPhone 14 range along with its release date and price - will be taking place on Wednesday September 7. Invites for the show went sent out this week, with Apple teasing the event with the cryptic 'Far Out' tagling - which could hint at some features heading to the Apple iPhone 14. If you're looking forward to the launch of the new iPhones you'll find everything you need to know about the 2022 iOS devices in this article. Express.co.uk has rounded up all the iPhone 14 Pro Max rumours, with details on its potential release date and price, possible exclusive features coming to the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone Pro Max as well as a guide for how to watch the upcoming Apple event and the time and date you'll need to tune in. It has been confirmed that the next Apple event - which is taking place at the Apple Park campus in California - is scheduled for 6pm UK time on Wednesday September 7. For those in other regions that's 10am pacific time, 1pm eastern and 7pm CEST. Unlike previous iPhone reveals, if you want to tune in you won't need to use an Apple device and Safari browser. Apple has opened up the ability to live stream the iPhone reveal event online to more people in recent years, and it'll be available to watch on YouTube once again. Head to the official Apple YouTube to watch the iPhone 14 reveal. Alternatively, you can visit the Apple Events website to watch the big event from Cupertino. Typically, new iPhones launch a week and a half after the devices are first revealed. So, judging by those timeframes it means the iPhone 14 release date could be Friday September 16. In terms of a price, rumours are circulating that the iPhone 14 could usher in a price rise - the first of its kind in years. The base iPhone 14 is believed to stay at the same price, but - according to MacRumors - the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max will both get a $100 price hike in the US. The iPhone Pro will reportedly increase from $999 to $1,099 while the Pro Max will allegedly go up from $1,099 to $1,199. According to the rumour mill, Apple could help tempt iPhone fans into forking out the extra money by including some exclusive features on the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. While we will have to wait and see, according to the rumour mill a lot of exciting upgrades that are coming to the iPhone 14 range will be reserved for the iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max. First of all, in a change up with past iPhone launches it's believed Apple's latest and greatest silicon - the A16 Bionic chip - will only be available on the Pro and Pro Max. Instead, the base iPhone 14 will allegedly come fitted with the A15 Bionic which featured on the iPhone 13 range. This chip is already extremely quick and beats all other challengers in benchmarking stats, but if you purchased an iPhone 13 last year it will give you one less reason to upgrade. The 'Far Out' Apple event invite has also sparked speculation that satellite connectivity - which previously was thought to be debuting with the iPhone 13 range - will be coming to iPhone 14. This rumoured new feature will let iPhone users connect to a satellite when they lose their mobile signal in an emergency. It's also thought satellites will be used for messaging in the Apple Messages app. Alternatively, the 'Far Out' invite could hint that astrophotography will be coming to the iPhone 14, which would be ideal for star gazers looking to get a dazzling snap of the night sky. Besides these features, the iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max spec sheet is expected to have a number of other eye-catching additions. It has long been rumoured that Apple will finally ditch the notch - which debuted with the iPhone X in 2017 - with its new iPhones. Instead, a pill-shaped front facing camera set-up is expected to be introduced. However, it's thought this will only appear on the iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max, while the entry-level iPhone 14 will stick with the notch. If you're wondering what this new selfie camera and display set-up could look like then check out the mock-ups in this article courtesy LetsGoDigital. The iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max are also expected to boast an always-on-display as another exclusive feature. While this would mark the first time iPhones have benefitted from always-on-displays, it's something that Android users have long enjoyed. The always-on-display for iPhones will reportedly show information like the time, date and battery percentage as well as taking advantage of iOS 16's new Lock Screen widgets. The iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max is also rumoured to come with a 48 megapixel rear camera that will support 8K video recording. As always with rumours, it's best to take claims with a huge dollop of salt until official confirmation. But thankfully Apple fans don't have long to wait to find out what the future holds with the big iPhone 14 reveal just days away. Express.co.uk will be keeping you up to date with all the announcements from the upcoming Apple September 2022 event and will be dropping news as and when it happens from Cupertino. If you'd rather save money and are happy getting an older device though you can always turn to an iPhone 13. The impending release of a new iPhone usually means great deals suddenly pop up on the previous generation handset. You can find details on some of the best iPhone 13 deals around below... MORE LIKE THIS