Stu (played by Bill Fellows) was on a mission as Wednesday night's episode of Coronation Street began, with the beloved character needing to talk to Yasmeen Nazir (Shelley King). Having discovered the man who she was falling in love with killed a woman 27 years ago has left the matriarch of the ITV soap utterly bewildered and she didn't want to hear any more of what she believed to be lies. However, it could soon emerge that someone who has recently been introduced to viewers of the cobbles-based drama might be the real culprit who should have been serving time behind bars. The episode began with Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) visiting Stu in the hospital at the request of Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson). Knowing the old man didn't want to see her, the youngster hoped the archdeacon would be able to get through to her friend. Wanting Stu to know he had support, Billy encouraged him to not push away the people who were trying to help him, such as Kelly. Once Stu returned to Weatherfield, he tried desperately to speak with Kelly but when this failed, he attempted to talk to Yasmeen at Speed Daal. Unfortunately, all these avenues of trying to prove his innocence were cut short so he used his keys to enter the Nazir household. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist He had been hoping to retrieve some of his belongings before Yasmeen returned home but she caught him in the act and he finally had a chance to explain himself. Stu recalled how 27 years ago, he was having an affair behind his wife Lucy Woodrow's (Lynda Rooke) back and when the woman was found dead, he became the prime suspect. The troubled character went on to add how the authorities didn't give him a fair trial and he was tortured whilst being kept in custody. "He kept awake and hungry for days on end. Detective Lennox, he was the lead copper in the investigation. He wouldn't let me have a solicitor," Stu told Yasmeen "He gave me half the crust of his sandwich after he chucked it on the floor and that was in an interview room, not two miles from here." "I confessed because he broke me. I just wanted it to end. I was tired, I was hungry, I was delirious and I was grieving don't forget," he added. Yasmeen asked: "Why didn't you report him?" to which Stu replied: "I did report him, I retracted my statement. They said I was too late, I was just an easy target. "Not long out of the Navy, I was like a bear with a sore head," he continued, with Yasmeen telling him he wasn't getting her sympathy. "Why are you doing this to me?" she asked, with Stu stating: "I'm not doing anything to you. They stitched me up. "I wouldn't insult you by lying to you about this. I care for you too much to do that. It should all be on the record, every effort I made to report him and clear my name but I couldn't throw money at it." DON'T MISS...Alan Halsall weight loss: One of star's chosen ways to burn calories [ANALYSIS]Jack James Ryan bids emotional farewell to Corrie co-star amid exit [COMMENT]Jennie McAlpine weight loss: How she lost 2st and keeps slimmer figure [ANALYSIS] "What became of this Detective Lennox?" Yasmeen enquired, with Stu telling her: "They got shot of him. It was probably because they knew what he was up to but it didn't help me, did it? "What I would give to just get a case against him. I know it can be done, even if the victim has served time," he remarked. Yasmeen with furious as she reminded him the woman he had an affair with was the victim as she was the one who was brutally murdered. Stu replied: "Charlie is dead and there's nothing anyone can do anymore and that's the biggest tragedy of all. Whoever did it, they never got the punishment they deserved." Last week, Lucy explained to Yasmeen her ex-husband's DNA was found all over the young woman's body when the murder first happened. However, there is every possibility Stu's DNA could have been planted on the body to make sure it looked like he was guilty. The one person who would have the motive to do such a thing at the time would have been his ex-wife Lucy, who would have found out about the affair. Furious with her husband at the time for betraying her and their family, she could have sworn to get revenge on him and his lover. Although she might have just wanted to confront Charlie about sleeping with her husband, Lucy could have seen read and killed her. Knowing the ultimate revenge would be to see Stu put behind bars for her murder, Lucy would have gone about framing him. With Stu inside, the real murderer could continue with her life and help raise her daughter without any involvement from the supposed killer. She would have kept her identity as the real criminal undercover for all these years but Yasmeen could be the person to bring her down. Knowing first-hand the signs someone is not who they claim to be, the Nazir matriarch could be in serious danger if Lucy gets ready to kill again. Will Stu be able to save his love interest from his ex-wife's killer hands? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 