The move could clear the way for the nordic countries to join the defence alliance and help fight the threat from Russia. Finland's Foreign Minister Pekka Haavisto said the first meeting between officials would aim to establish contacts and set goals for cooperation that the three countries agreed to by signing a memorandum of understanding at NATO's Madrid summit at the end of June. The two Nordic countries applied for NATO membership in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, but were faced with inital opposition from Turkey. Ankara accused them of imposing arms embargoes on them and supporting groups it deems terrorists. But Turkey lifted its opposition to the NATO membership applications from Finland and Sweden in June. Finland's foreign ministry remained tight-lipped about Friday's meeting, refusing to reveal its location or even timing. Mr Haavisto's state secretary Jukka Salovaara told Finland's public broadcaster YLE: "This is a matter of security. "If we would tell where Turkey's high officials are at which time, it would give quite a careless picture of us." Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has demanded Sweden and Finland extradite suspects Turkey seeks over terrorism-related charges while the Nordic countries argue they did not agree to any specific extraditions by signing the memorandum. The NATO membership applications from Sweden and Finland had previously faced heavy opposition from Turkey's Government, which is led by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. READ MORE: Turkey handed masterplan to outsmart Putin as 'gas bonanza' discovered The country's leadership, citing concerns over the countries’ alleged support for Kurdish groups and arms exports, had been furiously against the move. Turkey had accused the countries of harbouring individuals linked to the Kurdistan Workers Party militant group (PKK) and followers of a cleric Turkey accuses of orchestrating a coup attempt in 2016. Putin has previously issued warnings that Russia would respond in kind if NATO set up military infrastructure in Finland and Sweden. The Russian president told a news conference in the Turkmenistan capital of Ashgabat: “We don’t have problems with Sweden and Finland like we do with Ukraine. We don’t have territorial differences. “If Finland and Sweden wish to, they can join. That’s up to them. They can join whatever they want.” However, he warned “if military contingents and military infrastructure were deployed there, we would be obliged to respond symmetrically and raise the same threats for those territories where threats have arisen for us”. Russia has repeatedly warned Finland and Sweden against joining NATO, saying the “serious military and political consequences” would see it “restore military balance” by strengthening its defences in the Baltic Sea region. Any country seeking to join the North Atlantic Treaty Alliance needs the unanimous support of the members of the military alliance. The United States and other member states have been trying to clarify Ankara's position.  Sweden and its closest military partner, Finland, have until now remained outside NATO, which was founded in 1949 to counter the Soviet Union in the Cold War. The two countries are wary of antagonising their large neighbour but their security concerns have increased since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24. Turkey, the second-largest military in NATO, has officially supported enlargement since it joined the US-led alliance 70 years ago. For years it has criticised Sweden and other European countries for their handling of organisations deemed terrorists by Turkey, including the followers of US-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen. MORE TO FOLLOW