The line-up for this year’s Strictly Come Dancing is filling up thick and fast as fans eagerly await the glitz and glam of the BBC ballroom to return. On Monday, Kiss FM DJ Tyler West became the seventh celebrity confirmed to take part, joining the likes of Loose Women’s Kaye Adams, The One Show’s Richie Anderson and former Coronation Street star Kym Marsh in the class of 2022. Tyler said of joining the Strictly line-up: “I am so gassed to be joining the Strictly family! “As I started writing this I already got cramp,” he joked. “It’s going to be one crazy incredible journey which will no doubt be so far outside my comfort zone. “It’s a show that means so much to me and my family and I can’t wait to seriously shake a leg on that shiny dance floor… with a side of sequins.” READ MORE: BBC backlash as fans slam Countryfile and Springwatch Despite Tyler’s excitement, however, it seems not all Strictly fans are too impressed. In fact, many took to social media to point out they’d never heard of the DJ before he joined the line-up of famous faces. On Twitter, @LoveReailtyTv4 said: “First celeb I don’t know but I look forward to getting to know him.” Gareth Pennington agreed: “Don't listen to kiss so no idea who he is but sure he's gonna be good.” And @_LucasMichael_ echoed: ”Don't know who this man is but I'm sure I'll find out over the next 3 months. Best of luck!: While Pauline Watkins went one step further: “I no longer recognise any of the new celebrities names. Not watching…” And @MrPSmithteach remarked: “I haven’t heard of him, but I don’t listen to Kiss FM. It’s always nice to see a variety of people who we get to know. I didn’t know Rhys last year, but enjoyed watching him. Elsewhere, Sheltie Dreams weighed in: “As is often the case I have no idea who he is but he will no doubt provide entertainment and raise his profile.” DON'T MISS:Coronation Street’s Audrey Roberts star opens up on suicide attempt Van Der Valk: Viewers slam ITV drama over ‘confusing’ inaccuracy Sheridan Smith quits ITV’s Starstruck after one series The Kiss FM DJ will be hoping to prove any doubters wrong when he takes to the dancefloor later this year. His professional partner is yet to be announced, with fans facing a wait until the launch show to discover who he'll be waltzing with. Tyler joins a number of big names in the Strictly line-up for 2022 so far as well. Former Coronation Street bad boy Will Mellor and former Cobbles barmaid Kym Marsh were the first two names confirmed. Richie Anderson was the third confirmed celeb, quickly followed by Loose Women's Kaye Adams. Comedian Jayde Adam was revealed as the fifth star while Paralympian Ellie Symonds was added to the cast as the sixth announced star. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.