Andrew Neil, who formerly worked for the BBC as a political presenter, has been vocal about the broadcaster since leaving his role. The 73-year-old left his post at the BBC last year, before going on to launch rival channel GB News. However, on Saturday, Andrew took to Twitter where he seemingly poked fun at BBC Breakfast. Saturday's BBC Breakfast was hosted by Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt. Throughout the programme, they widely chatted about the UK heatwave, and how some areas are being affected by a drought. They spoke with numerous experts about the topic, including a firefighter in Derbyshire, who had been to a number of fires in the past few days. The weather presenter, Sarah Keith-Lucas also discussed how the temperatures were going to sore this weekend. READ MORE: Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall During one segment, Environment Agency expert John Curtin said that despite the drought, the rain could have a "detrimental effect". "When you turn on a tap or you have a shower, that water comes out of rivers like this," the expert began pointing to a river. "That means we're taking it away from the environment, or taking it away from a farmer that could be using it to irrigate or harvest crops that we will need for the food we need. "This is something beyond normal, and actually we all play a role in thinking about where water comes from and use water wisely." The BBC voiceover presenter went on to add: "Rain next week could bring some respite." "But look at the risk which comes with that," he continued as he showed how the rain will affect land that has suffered a heatwave. "This shows how little the baked Earth absorbs the water, meaning we could see flash flooding. "There are at least another two hot days to get through first, which could well mean more farmers having to become makeshift firefighters to stop more of the fields burning." DON'T MISS...This Morning uproar as Matthew Wright slammed for 'blaming' women [REACTION]Emmerdale's Cain Dingle star 'saddened' by colleague's exit [VIDEO]Shetland's Tosh star ‘bereft’ over Douglas Henshall’s exit [INSIGHT] Following the segment, one viewer took to social media to poke fun at BBC Breakfast. Shaun Richards penned: "According to #BBCBreakfast even the rain is bad now..." (sic) Andrew also couldn't resist in mocking the programme as he was quick to retweet the post. The tweet certainly sparked a strong reaction among viewers, and many were quick to defend the BBC. Matthew White defended: "Except that’s not what they said… merely the sun-baked ground is far less permeable for water than normal, therefore higher risk of flash flooding if heavy rain. It’s not that difficult to understand…" While Glenn Middleton added: "I'm amazed people don't understand the consequences of the current drought, just day trade on the here and now." "It's not bad rain, but rock hard dried out the earth that is bad. This means more runoff than soaking in. Very simple to understand," Brian Thomas said. The former GB News host has taken a pop at the BBC before on social media. In July, Andrew claimed to "switch off" the news after 10 minutes, admitting he "can see why so few folks watch it these days". Writing on Twitter, the broadcaster said: "Watched @BBCNewsnight for the first time in four years. "Because of the import of today's events. I can see why so few folks watch it these days." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.