Rishi and Liz are excellent candidates. Having worked alongside them both I can say with confidence that either would make a fine and capable Prime Minister. But today we require more than that. We’re at a critical juncture. There’s a recession ahead and the cost of living is rising weekly. People are struggling to make ends meet at home while tensions grow in Europe - and further afield. All the while the UK is charting a course independent of the EU for the first time in over four decades. Our next Prime Minister needs the ability and confidence to not just to tackle these difficulties but to unleash Britain’s potential. This needs a long-term vision for our country - one that we can all participate in. On the economy, a new direction is required. We can’t have the status-quo that has left us with slow growth and a vulnerable economy. It means lower taxes, better regulations and supply-side reform from day one. The longer we wait, the more damage for our people and our economy. Liz has the vision for the economy we need; reducing the burden on business, harnessing the energy of our private sector to drive growth. This means seizing the opportunities of Brexit. Boris deserves a lot of credit for taking us out of the EU but in the years since, we have not yet made the most of our independence. Liz will challenge every EU law on the statute books and will not be afraid to ditch what doesn’t work for us. This could unlock our economy and to accelerate our growth rates, making us all better off. It also means proper control of our borders. This does not mean shutting up shop to everyone that wants to contribute to our country. But it does mean that we get to make the decisions again and control illegal migration. Liz will make sure that the British Bill of Rights cannot be overruled by the European Court of Human Rights - so that our immigration policy cannot be hijacked by others. Our next Prime Minister needs the courage to stand up for what we believe. These are our values. Freedom, fairness, democracy, plus self-responsibility and determination. They are shared by democratic nations across the world. They are the table-stakes for success and should be defended with strength and vigour against threats from abroad and at home. I want a Britain strong and assured on the international stage, confident and dynamic at home. It is clear to all who have heard her speak that Liz Truss shares this vision. There’s no question that we’re facing tough times. But we have faced them before. With a leader that harnesses the power of a team and who has a passionate belief we can fight and we can win. Our history tells us we have done this time and time again. It’s how Churchill steered us through the war, how Attlee helped us recover from it and how Thatcher reversed our decline. Today’s challenges can be met with the same type of robust leadership. I chose to back Liz Truss. She offers hope. I know that she can provide leadership. We should all unite for the battle that lays ahead.