That is why I am backing Liz Truss for leader. She is a Conservative to her core. She has dealt with our toughest opponents on the biggest stage, and has the right plan to deliver safety, security, and prosperity for our nation. Liz has a plan to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour to keep our communities and streets safe and liveable. She is committed to delivering the 20,000 more police officers we have promised, and is clear that she wants to put more of them out on the beat tackling real crime. Liz also has a plan to stop those illegally trafficked in small boats, one of the biggest issues for many of my constituents. By pledging to keep and build on the Rwanda policy Liz has proved that she will take the issue seriously, and offer the strong direction from the top that we need to drive results. We also need to defend our values. At home, where free speech is under threat across many of our institutions, and abroad, where Britain must continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine and all of our allies, to defend self-determination, democracy and freedom. Liz’s record on this as Foreign Secretary is unimpeachable. It is exactly the sort of experience that we need in our next Prime Minister. None of this would work without a growing economy at home underpinning our ability to tackle every other issue. Liz has a bold plan on the economy; cutting taxes to put money in the pockets of hard working people, ensuring that work pays, and to give businesses the room to re-invest and continue providing jobs. As a conservative Liz knows that people spend their money better than the state, and that money is better left with the people who earned it instead of taken off them to be given back again. With her as Prime Minister, hard work would be rewarded by our tax system and encouraged by our businesses, and the economy will grow from there. Liz is the only candidate with the grit and determination to make our streets safe, defend our borders, protect our values at home and abroad and get our economy growing again, and the ability to deliver them. That’s why she gets my vote to be our next Prime Minister.