Manchester United have reportedly emailed fans urging them to arrive at Old Trafford "as early as possible" ahead of the Red Devils' clash with Liverpool tonight as mass anti-Glazer protests have been planned outside the Theatre of Dreams. The May 2021 match between the age-old footballing foes was postponed as a result of the disruption caused by those remonstrating against United's American owners.  A United supporters’ group known as 'The 1958' have made clear their intention to "peacefully" protest against the Glazers on Monday night in order to “show the world our deep discontent with this vile ownership.” And having seen the visit of Liverpool to Old Trafford last year - a match due to be played behind closed doors during lockdown - abandoned after fans broke into the ground as part of their demonstration towards United's owners, the club appear determined to ensure such events aren't repeated. Amid reports the Greater Manchester Police have formulated a plan to combat unruliness, United are understood to have emailed fans ahead of the clash encouraging them to arrive promptly in order to avoid potentially chaotic scenes outside of Old Trafford. A snippet of the email to United season ticket holders circulating online reads: "We hope you are looking forward to our Premier League game against Liverpool on Monday 22 August. We strongly advise all supporters to arrive as early as possible (turnstiles open at 6pm) to avoid any delays entering the stadium." JUST IN: Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism Meanwhile, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp declared he believes his side should come away with all three points if the events of the past are repeated and the planned protests once again result in the abandonment of the fixture. The Reds boss said: “If it happens again we go home on the bus - but I really hope it doesn't happen, but if it happens then we should get the points. We have nothing to do with the situation. “If the supporters want the game not to happen then we can't just rearrange the game and fit it in somewhere in an incredibly busy schedule. I don't think it will happen and I hope it doesn’t. I have no idea what could happen, I don't think about it. DON'T MISSMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroMan Utd dressing room reaction to Casemiro transfer explainedMan Utd have green light to negotiate second Real Madrid transfer deal “If they tell us we are fine then we go there to play and then go home. But I really think in a situation like this then the other team should always get the points like we should have last time. They have prepared as we did in that season and have nothing to do with this." Tensions have grown increasingly fraught at Old Trafford in recent times, but United's struggles in the transfer market, coupled with a disastrous start to the season for Erik ten Hag's side have only seen the anger of the club's fans towards the Glazers intensify. Reports emerged last week that the American owners are thought to be reconsidering their position at the club's helm, while British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe has expressed his interest in acquiring the 20-time English champions.