Simon Jordan and Piers Morgan have leapt to the defence of Graeme Souness after the Sky Sports pundit came under fire for using the term “man’s game” following Chelsea’s Premier League clash with Tottenham on Sunday. Spurs stunned their hosts as they claimed a point in the 96th minute of the match courtesy of an equaliser from Harry Kane. The clash at Stamford Bridge, which followed Nottingham Forest’s 1-0 victory against West Ham, proved to be a raucous affair as both sides battled for dominance. And after the match, Souness told viewers: “Referees are letting a lot more go and it makes for a better watch. We’ve all played the game, with simulation and people throwing themselves into the ground. “I haven’t seen that in the two games today. It’s a man's game all of a sudden now.” He also insisted “boys will be boys” when asked about the bust-up between Blues manager Thomas Tuchel and Spurs boss Antonio Conte. The comments drew criticism from a whole host of people, including Bethany England, who was an unused substitute when the England women’s team defeated Germany to lift the Euro 2022 trophy last month. “’It’s a man’s game’, ‘men at it,’” she wrote on Twitter. “Get in the bin, what a disgraceful thing to say after the summer this country has just seen.” READ MORE: PSG 'have Mbappe plan' for Rashford which may have big impact on Messi    But Jordan waded into the debate on Monday morning to call out England. “Oh dear,” he wrote on Twitter. “Is this what it’s come down to. A man describing a game featuring men can’t apparently use the word men or man in conjugation with a game that featured solely men! Get over yourself, you do equality and injustice!” Morgan also shared Jordan’s stance as he made his views clear on Sunday evening courtesy of a sarcastic post on Twitter. “I’m outraged & disgusted that Graeme Souness used the words ‘man’s game’ when talking specifically about an incident in a man’s game played by two teams of men,” he penned. “Especially when we’ve all spent the past few weeks talking about the ‘women’s game.’” DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already   Tuchel and Conte were both shown a red card after the final whistle at Stamford Bridge following a heated exchange between the pair as they shook hands. The emphatic match saw Kalidou Koulibaly open the scoring for Chelsea with a stunning volley midway through the first half. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg levelled for Spurs midway through the second period, before Reece James put the hosts ahead once more with 12 minutes remaining. But Spurs secured a share of the spoils as Kane turned in Ivan Perisic’s corner. 