Australian actor Vincent Gil has sadly died at the age of 83. The star was beloved by Mad Max fans for playing Crawford Montizano - also known as Nightrider - in the hit 1979 film.  Vince’s co-star Paul "Cundalini" Johnstone broke the heartbreaking news on Facebook, while sharing a photo of the friends smiling for the camera.  The Mad Max actors posed arm-in-arm for the sweet snap, while Paul explained Vince had been “frail” prior to his death.  He wrote: "Sadly, it is true... Vince Gil has left us.  "He's been very frail for quite some time and mercifully no longer needs to be constrained by his mortal form." READ MORE... 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life Paul continued to pay tribute to his co-star, as he reflected on their time touring Japan together in 2015. He added: "He was already in less-than-ideal health, and in the opening days a couple of us were concerned about his ability to get through the long demanding days of convention and socialising and travel and convention. "We need not have been concerned. "Vince was remarkable - he rose to the occasion every time, fed off the energy of the wonderful Japanese fans, and on the occasions when I'd glance at him and be worried about his ability to keep going, he'd shrug off any concerns and showed that he had a lot more stamina than many of we much younger men." DON'T MISS:Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [PICS]TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son  [COMMENT]Michelle Keegan's move means Mark Wright is 'in same bed every night' [INTERVIEW] He concluded by referencing an iconic scene from Mad Max, adding: "Rest well old friend - we will remember you when we look at the night sky."  Vince was also well known for playing Dr Death in the 1974 biker film Stone.  He went on to make TV appearances in Australian soap Neighbours, A Country Practice, and Prisoner.  Vince landed his big break with a role in TV movie The Swagman. However, his most monumental role was in Mad Max, in which he acted opposite Mel Gibson, who played the lead.  The film went on to inspire sequels, including 2015’s Fury Road, which was also a box office smash. Vince's final role was in The Doctor Blake Mysteries in 2015.  The newest Mad Max film is currently being shot in Australia, amid the actor’s tragic death.  The upcoming movie is a Mad Max: Fury Road prequel, entitled Furiosa, which is being directed by George Miller. The filmmaker recently make a comeback to the Hollywood blockbuster franchise. The prequel stars The Queen’s Gambit actress Anya Taylor-Joy as Imperator Furiosa.