Sentebale, co-created by the Duke of Sussex and Prince Seeiso of Lesotho in 2006, thanked in a tweet fans of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle after they launched a fundraiser benefitting the organisation. Taking to Twitter, the charity wrote on Thursday: "Thank you all so much for supporting our work with vulnerable children and young people. "Your donations make a big difference." The Duke's charity responded to a tweet by Sussex Community Events, a fan-run account sharing all the events related to Meghan, Harry or their organisation Archewell. On August 9, this account wrote: "Huge appreciation to SussexSquad and all Global Supporters for donating over $27,000 (£22,291) In less than a week!" They referred to the fundraiser launched by a group of fans of Meghan and Harry on August 4 to mark the Duchess' 41st birthday. The fundraiser will remain open until September 15, Prince Harry's birthday. Since Tuesday, this initiative has raised additional funds, going well above the $28,500 (£23,529) benchmark. More than 480 people have so far contributed to the donation drive. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as wrong title used This isn't the first time the fans of the Sussexes come together to raise funds for organisations close to Meghan and Harry's hearts. Between May 6 and June 4, the dates of the birthdays of Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, the Sussexes' fans raised more than $111.500 (£91,000) for the World Central Kitchen. This organisation provides support to disaster-hit areas by setting up emergency kitchens and providing meals to people in need. The World Central Kitchen has been one of the first organisations to partner up with the Archewell Foundation, launched in late 2020 by the Duke and Duchess. For Meghan's 40th birthday in August 2021, her fans organised a different fundraiser, this time benefitting an Indian organisation called Myna Mahila which works to tackle period poverty and produce low-cost sanitary products to keep girls in school. This non-governmental organisation was chosen by Meghan and Harry themselves as one of the seven charities to receive donations made by members of the public in the run-up to their wedding in May 2018. Meghan herself launched a charitable initiative for her milestone birthday last year, called 40x40. This project saw the Duchess calling on 40 of her friends to dedicate 40 minutes to mentor one of the millions of women who lost their jobs during the pandemic and were struggling to rejoin the workforce. The aim of this initiative was to create a worldwide mentorship movement supporting more vulnerable women. Prince Harry is believed to have last visited a Sentebale operation in person in 2019, during the Duke and Duchess's tour to southern Africa. During its first decade, Sentebale was based only in the small kingdom of Lesotho. In 2016, the successful charity expanded to Botswana, where Harry headed three years ago. Sentebale, which means "forget me not" in Sesotho, provides support to young people affected by HIV by providing them with tools to thrive in life as well as mental and physical support.