After months of rumours and endless leaks, Samsung has finally revealed its fully refreshed Galaxy Z Flip 4 smartphone alongside the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 with pre-orders available now. Just like its predecessor, this neat foldable device - which Samsung are running some great promotional offers on - features a clamshell design and fully flexible screen that lets it snap in half. That means owners get an expansive 6.7-inch display which, when folded, is then small enough to stuff in their jeans. Although the new Z Flip 4 looks pretty similar to last year's Z Flip 3 there are some stark differences with this phone getting improved features and much more power. In fact, tucked under the glass and metal body is the premium Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 processor which offers supreme performance whilst also being incredibly efficient. Qualcomm's latest 8+ Gen 1 brings big gains over the older Snapdragon 888 - which powers the current Z Flip 3 - and that should make using Samsung's new foldable feel far more fluid. In fact, this new brain is around four times faster than Qualcomm's older chipset and can also handle much more intensive graphics all without hurting battery life. Along with that extra oomph, the Z Flip 4 also gets some big improvements to the dual-lens rear camera with Samsung promising that it will now shoot much brighter images especially when the sun goes. The two 12MP cameras, which include the main lens and ultra-wide option, also get enhanced image stabilisation for shake-free photos and smoother video capture. There are some other clever features including the option to automatically keep everyone in the frame when shooting hands-free selfie videos - something also made possible thanks to the clever design which allows the phone to stand up on its own. As we mentioned earlier, the styling looks identical to last year's Flip 3 but owners will find a slimmer hinge and smaller bezels around the display. Samsung also says this is their most robust Flip to date with it covered in Gorilla Glass Victus and tested to withstand being flipped and folded over 200,000 times. Other improvements include faster wireless charging and extended battery life thanks to that new Snapdragon chip. It's worth noting that, like most new phones, Samsung is not shipping a charger in the box although owners will get a USB-C power lead included. If all those specs have got you pondering an upgrade then the Z Flip 4 will be available soon in four colours including Bora Purple and Pink Gold. Prices start from £999 for the 128GB model. This is an important upgrade for Samsung with the firm recently revealing that its foldable phones are growing in popularity with sales booming by over 300 percent in the last year alone.