Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler star in the absolutely wonderful romantic-comedy 50 First Dates later today at 3:15pm on Channel 5. The pair have starred in a handful of rom-coms over the years together, often playing opposite one another as lovers. Most recently they joined forces in the 2014 movie Blended. Before that was 2004's 50 First Dates, and their first outing together came just a few years earlier in 1998's The Wedding Singer. But the pair's relationship has often been called into question. Barrymore and Sandler's on-screen relationship has always been palpable. Their undeniable connection has often been interpreted as lust or romance, but nothing was ever confirmed. That is until Barrymore attended an interview on Sirius XM. She was quizzed over whether she had ever had a relationship with Sandler over the years. But she was completely adamant about her answer. Barrymore confirmed she and Sandler were "never, ever, ever" a couple behind-the-scenes. She said: "[I am] so attracted to his inner light." She added: "I think he’s a handsome dude ... Talent is sexy." Despite never having a romance with Sandler, Barrymore confirmed she felt drawn to him before they had ever worked together. READ MORE: James Bond star Connery had a surprising relationship with Craig Barrymore explained how she had to "beg, borrow and steal" to arrange a meeting with the actor in the late-1990s. "It was definitely not obvious we were supposed to fit as well as I believed," she said. "Because we looked like a preppy and a punk set up on a bad blind date." Despite this, she recalled in her 2016 memoir, Wildflower, that she shook Sandler's hand with "fervour" when she first met him. She wrote: "[I] began to plead my case to him. I told him that, for whatever reason, I knew that we were supposed to become a team. I knew it in my bones." DON'T MISS...James Bond star Connery had a surprising relationship with Craig [NEWS]Next James Bond: First female 007 announced for Casino Royale remake [INFO]Harrison Ford, 80, ‘monster of a man’ on Indiana Jones 5 says co-star [INSIGHT] Barrymore was drawn to Sandler's "goodness that was so unique". She added: "I wanted to make love stories, but I wanted them to have a certain energy that was about true love and chemistry and timelessness, and I was convinced of us doing something together,” she shares. Sandler later praised Barrymore endlessly for working with him on the big screen for one major reason. Sandler confirmed in another interview that Barrymore called him in the 1990s. At the time, she had purple hair and was working in a coffee shop. He recalled: "I thought she was a bad**s." The pair promptly worked together on The Wedding Singer. After that, Sandler began getting offers to play more romantic film leads. "Drew liking me made it seem like girls were allowed to like me in movies," he said. 50 First Dates is available to stream on NOW. SOURCE