Ian Rush has advised Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to consider making a move in the transfer market if his injury crisis worsens. The Reds head into their Premier League opener against Fulham with up to seven absentees confirmed as the Reds boss copes with a mounting injury list. Klopp will be without Diogo Jota, Caoimhin Kelleher, Ibrahima Konate, Calvin Ramsay, Curtis Jones, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain as he decides on his first starting XI for the trip to Craven Cottage on Saturday. Three of the missing members now in the physio room — Jones, Keita and Oxlade-Chamberlain — would have been in contention to make the 20-man squad for the opening match of the season before they were ruled out. And with Tyler Morton joining Blackburn on loan, it has left Klopp unusually short of options for his three-man midfield. The German tactician is expected to start with Thiago Alcantara, Jordan Henderson and Fabinho, with only Harvey Elliott and James Milner available to deputise. READ MORE: Liverpool could be without 6 players for PL opener after new blow Club legend Rush, the Reds’ all-time record goalscorer with 346 goals in two spells at the club, thinks Klopp has enough options to choose from to prevent the current situation from developing into a crisis scenario. But the Welshman beiieves he may be forced to dip into the market should Liverpool lose any more first-team players to injury before the transfer window shuts. "I don’t think they’re light [on options], people get injured and that’s what you have to look at,” Rush exclusively told Express Sport. “You look at the midfield [compared to] the strikers, the defenders, keepers… I think we’re quite strong in the midfield but if certain people get injured then you ask what would happen. DON'T MISSAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admissionLiverpool recommended signing by Carragher who has Van Dijk theoryLiverpool may hand Chelsea transfer advantage if 'two hurdles' cleared  “I think if he [Klopp] was looking anywhere, it would most probably be the midfield. But the football I saw against Man City, they’re quite strong in that department as well. It just depends if people get injured or not." Liverpool have already strengthened their squad with the £80m signing of Darwin Nunez from Benfica and have one eye focused on the future too, recruiting England Under-21 international Fabio Carvalho from Fulham and 18-year-old Ramsay from Aberdeen. Speculation was rife that the Merseyside outfit could make an audacious bid to land England starlet Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund this summer. However, former Birmingham trainee is thought to be valued at around £100m and Liverpool are prepared to bide their time before making a move. Express Sport predicts the 2022-23 Premier League - find out who our writers plumped for! Klopp recently declared himself a fan of Bellingham, but poured cold water on any imminent arrivals at Anfield unless a player requests to leave before the August 31 deadline. “If nobody wants to leave – and no player came to me with that request yet and I don’t expect it really, to be honest – there is no need for a new midfielder,” the German told the club’s official website in July. “We cannot just add on midfielders. We respect the contracts with our boys as well, that means as long as we signed them they get all our support – in training, between the sessions, during the games and between the games.” Head-to-head virtual trading platform, SportsBroker, surveyed Liverpool fans to find out their sides’ ‘Most Memorable Premier League Opening Day Moment.’* Steven Gerrard was responsible for countless unforgettable moments during his LFC career, and one that seems to have stuck in the memory of fans was his last minute freekick on the opening day of the 2007/08 season against the club he now manages, Aston Villa. Gerrard’s superb strike received 42% of the vote. In second place was Jurgen Klopp piggy-backing Sadio Mane after his debut wondergoal vs Arsenal in 2016 (24%) and it was the 6-1 thrashing of Crystal Palace in 1994 that came third in the table of Liverpool’s most memorable opening day moments – a game where Ian Rush bagged a brace (4%).