Brentford star Ivan Toney has been linked with Manchester United and Chelsea recently, and he may favour a move to the latter due to his loyalty to Liverpool. The striker has scored two and assisted two in his opening three matches of the season, and his impressive form is catching the eye. It is no secret that the Red Devils are in the market for attacking reinforcements this summer, and Cristiano Ronaldo’s insistence on departing has made it a pressing issue. Ajax star Antony remains a top target, though other options are being considered at Old Trafford. According to The Mirror, the Red Devils are keeping tabs on Toney, though face competition from Chelsea if they are to push for his signature. The Blues have earmarked the former Newcastle forward as a backup option if they fail to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Barcelona, with a fee yet to be agreed for the Gabon international. And if Toney eventually has to pick who he would rather play for, one would suspect that Chelsea would be his pick given that he is a boyhood fan of Liverpool. Speaking last year, he said: “I support Liverpool. If they come knocking, who knows? Who knows.” Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd The Reds aren’t in the market for a forward following the arrival of Darwin Nunez, though Toney could find himself playing Champions League football if Chelsea do arrive with an offer for the 26-year-old. But given how late it is in the transfer window and how important the striker is for Thomas Frank’s side, Brentford are likely to demand a significant fee for the services of their No 9. Though Peterborough chairman Darragh MacAnthony spoke last year about how he would like his beloved Reds to sign Toney, who spent two years with his club. He said: “I’m a Liverpool fan and I know my players. And I’d be delighted if we signed Ivan. Give me him over (Divock) Origi any day of the week. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already “Liverpool cross the ball with quality for fun and imagine Ivan getting on the end of those crosses from those full-backs! Obviously, we’ve done well financially from Ivan’s transfer and we could do better down the line, but I don’t mind him staying at Brentford either as we get paid if they stay in the Premier League.” If United decide to push for Toney, it remains to be seen whether Toney’s loyalty to Liverpool can be put to the back of his mind. The towering forward has an outside chance of an England call-up this year ahead of the World Cup and will want to ensure that he is at his very best for the next few months.