NASA's JWST, which is the most expensive space telescope yet, captured a rare look at the complex weather patterns on the surface of Jupiter. Captured on July 27 by the $10billion (£8.4billion) spiritual successor to Hubble, the infrared images, which were artificially coloured, show fine patterns along the edges of the coloured bands of the gas giant, and around the Great Red Spot. The pictures also offered an unprecedented look at the auroras over the planet's north and south poles. NASA unveiled the images saying: "With giant storms, powerful winds, auroras, and extreme temperature and pressure conditions, Jupiter has a lot going on. "Now, the NASA/ESA/CSA James Webb Space Telescope has captured new images of the planet. Webb’s Jupiter observations will give scientists even more clues to Jupiter’s inner life." One wide-field image presents a unique lineup of the planet, its faint rings and two of Jupiter's smaller satellites—Amalthea and Adrastea—against a background of galaxies. Planetary astronomer Imke de Pater, professor emerita of the University of California, who led the study with Professor Thierry Fouchet said: "We've never seen Jupiter like this. It's all quite incredible. "We hadn't really expected it to be this good, to be honest. It's really remarkable that we can see details on Jupiter together with its rings, tiny satellites and even galaxies in one image." In addition to the enormous storm referred to as the Great Red Spot, a number of other storm systems—seen as small pallid ovals —are also visible, as are tiny bright plumes of cloud particles. In the image, the transition between organized zonal flows and the chaotic vortex patterns at higher latitudes is also clearly visible. READ MORE: Solar storm: UK alert as Earth faces 'glancing blows’ – sun erupts Prof de Pater said: "Although we have seen many of these features on Jupiter before, JWST's infrared wavelengths give us a new perspective. "JWST's combination of images and spectra at near- and mid-infrared wavelengths will allow us to study the interplay of dynamics, chemistry and temperature structure in and above the Great Red Spot and the auroral regions." JWST's Near Infrared Camera (NIRCam) was also able to capture a wide-field view of Jupiter revealing its rings and two of its moons. Prof Fouchet said: "This image illustrates the sensitivity and dynamic range of JWST's NIRCam instrument. "It reveals the bright waves, swirls and vortices in Jupiter's atmosphere and simultaneously captures the dark ring system, 1 million times fainter than the planet, as well as the moons Amalthea and Adrastea, which are roughly 200 and 20 kilometres across, respectively. "This one image sums up the science of our Jupiter system program, which studies the dynamics and chemistry of Jupiter itself, its rings and its satellite system." In the standalone view of Jupiter, the auroras extend to high altitudes above both the northern and southern poles of Jupiter. These auroras shine in a filter that is mapped to redder colours, which also highlights light reflected from lower clouds and upper hazes. A different filter, mapped to yellows and greens, shows hazes swirling around the northern and southern poles. A third filter, mapped to blues, showcases light that is reflected from a deeper main cloud.