Let us forget the other for the moment and talk about why we are in the mess we are in. It is basically because none of them are that bright. Labour, Tories, Lib Dems, Scottish Nationalists and the Welsh Nationalists are full of people who think they are cleverer than the rest of us. They are not. I have just been watching the new co-leader of the Green Party, Carla Denyer. She used, incidentally, to be a wind turbine engineer. I really cannot understand what sort of sensible person would vote for some of the hot air that has just come out of this woman's mouth. Could some of these wannabe politicians actually understand that the Government has no money? How are they going to pay for all these amazing ideas they are coming up with? It is not just us who would be paying for this but our children and grandchildren. I have just finished paying for the First and Second World Wars, but I do get annoyed when I see the rubbish that comes out of certain political parties' mouths. All this talk about renewable energy being the cheapest power on the planet is nonsense. Wind turbines, solar panels and all the other tech required for harnessing renewable energy need a lot of non-carbon-neutral energy to produce them.  Oh dear, oh dear: what have all you ladies been up to? The Gambia has told UK tourists who are older ladies that they are not to go there looking for young men! I am shocked! Apparently this is such a serious situation that the Gambian government and tourist people are making an official complaint that too many older women are going to the country looking for sex with younger partners. They are even talking about having police patrols to round up couples of young men and older British women. The Gambia wishes to be known as a high-end tourist destination for families and for people wanting to explore the country for its scenic side. But the grannies do bring in desperately needed revenue. Still, it is a bit of a slap in the face for us elderly men who are obviously not satisfying women here.  Grant Shapps: I think I love you! The Transport Secretary has just come out with the most sensible thing I have heard from a politician's mouth in years - make cyclists get insured. Though Shapps seemed to give out mixed messages, there were also suggestions they should be registered and maybe should have some kind of identification, a bit like a car numberplate, and also talk about a legal speed limit for cyclists. The Transport Ministry said it had no plans to follow this up but it would be down to whoever is Transport Minister after the leadership contest is decided. As cyclists becoming more and more of a dangerous nuisance, many of us dodging them feel that time cannot come soon enough.  Why was such a fuss made last Thursday about A-level results? It may be really important to the families concerned but is it more important than the war in Ukraine, the rail strikes, the cost-of-living crisis and much else? Some people make it look as though, if you do not get to university then you have failed in your life. But there are so many other forward paths. As a dyslexic I left school with no qualifications - just a flea in my ear from a teacher who said I would never amount to anything. Bet I have had more fun in life than the swots.  My step-daughters Holly and Cami went to see Beverley Knight in the musical Sister Act last week and said it was the best thing they had ever seen. I have known Beverley - who plays a disco diva hiding out in a nunnery from gangsters - for many years and she just seems to get better and better, reaching out to different audiences all the time. When they let her out of the nunnery I will be looking forward to her next concert. They say, If music be the food of love, play on. I am a glutton. 