 Robert LuPone died on Saturday after a three-year battle with pancreatic cancer, according to reports. The late actor was known for playing the neighbour of mobster Tony Soprano (played by James Gandolfini), Dr Bruce ‘Cooze’ Cusamano, in The Sopranos.      The news of his death was announced by MCC Theatre, which the actor had been a founder. The off-Broadway theatre paid a touching tribute to the late actor, who had a “boundless passion for connection”. The statement read: “The MCC Theater community mourns the loss of our much loved and uniquely inspiring partner, colleague, and dear friend, Bob LuPone, who lived fearlessly and with great curiosity, good humour, a boundless passion for connection, and a whole lot of heart. “We will miss him deeply and always." READ MORE: Si King says Dave Myers is still 'in the trenches' in health update Robert’s on-screen credits include appearances on soap operas such as All My Children and Guiding Light. He obtained a Daytime Emmy nomination for his role as Leo Flynn in Guiding Light. He also performed in a number of Broadway shows, including A View from the Bridge, True West, Minnie's Boys and The Magic Show. Robert earned a Tony Award nomination for his work on the Broadway production, Chorus Line.      Fans of the late actor rushed to social media to pay tribute following the tragic news of his death. Twitter user @SKHtweets tweeted: “So saddened to learn of the passing of Bobby LuPone; “He was one of the kindest & most generous theatre artists I have ever known. “A profound loss. May he Rest In Peace @mcctheater #RobertLuPone #NYtheater #NYtheatrecommunity” DON'T MISSThe Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire [INSIGHT]Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [NEWS]  @Reidsintern added: “Sending all my love to @PattiLuPone. “Robert lupone was such a nice person, he always supported us youth company members @mcctheater and was someone you could just talk too. “I never felt like i bothered him when asking for advice because he was always willing to give it.” (sic) Ted Neeley wrote: “My condolences to the entire LuPone family.     “Bob (our Apostle James in the film JCSuperstar) was a kind & gentle spirit with a great sense of humor. “One of the best performers I’ve ever had the pleasure of working with. “Bob always did everything to the very best of his ability. RIP” And @PRMerleF penned: “Devastating news today. Rest well dear Bob, my old friend. “My heart goes out to his family, ⁦@PattiLuPone⁩ all ⁦@mcctheater⁩  A tremendous loss.” (sic)   