Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel reportedly does not trust Christian Pulisic and is willing to listen to offers for the winger. Hakim Ziyech could follow the American through the exit of Stamford Bridge with the German happy for the unsettled duo to depart. Tuchel has spent the summer trying to rebuild his frontline following the team’s struggles in front of goal over the past two seasons. Raheem Sterling has arrived in a £45million deal from Manchester City while the club have allowed strikers Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner to return to their former clubs Inter Milan and RB Leipzig. Aston Villa winger Carney Chukwuemeka has also joined the club as an option for the future. Now, Ziyech and Pulisic look set to join the striking duo in leaving the club. Neither player has impressed during their time at Stamford Bridge. The Moroccan has scored just 14 times in 83 appearances while the American has a similarly poor record finding the net on 25 occasions in 115 performances. The Guardian reports that both players have become unsettled at Chelsea with Tuchel no longer trusting Pulisic, in particular, to play in the first team. JUST IN: Tottenham told they have major advantage over Man City for title Ziyech is attracting serious interest from AC Milan and the Serie A champions have engaged in a summer long pursuit for his services while Newcastle are said to have enquired about the former Borussia Dortmund man. They are not the only attacking players who could be on their way out of the club after Callum Hudson Odoi asked to leave on loan after he was completely omitted against Everton on the opening day. Tuchel began the match at Goodison Park with a front three of Sterling, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz. The trio failed to create too many chances with the game’s sole goal coming as a result of a penalty won by wing-back Ben Chilwell. Chelsea’s struggles in attacking areas have been noticeable for some time. England international Mount was the only Blues star to hit double figures last season despite the club’s third-place finish, with most of the side’s creativity coming from the full-back area. Speaking on the Everton game, Tuchel joked it had been a classic Chelsea performance given their attacking struggles. “We were joking at half-time and saying maybe it is a typical Chelsea game we win 1-0 and Jorgi scored with a penalty,” he told the Evening Standard. “It is what it is. “I think Raheem [Sterling] will lift Kai [Havertz] and Mason [Mount]. ur formation is a deep formation because the centre of the formation is in the three centre backs and the two No6s, so it is a deep formation in which you rely heavily on the two wing-backs.”