A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman has taken to Instagram to address a "problem" she and her crew experienced while trying to film the hit property show's latest episodes. The TV star, 46, told how they were forced to move location due to their sound man experiencing problems in a park in Valencia, Spain. In view of her 107,000 followers, Jasmine revealed the problem she and her team were facing. Speaking to her camera, she said: "We are filming in one of Valencia's beautiful parks this morning. "But unfortunately the sounds of nature here are causing our sound man a little problem, as you can probably hear! "So it looks like we're having to change location," she added before ending the clip, as the noisy sound of crickets could be heard in the background. READ MORE: 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro Jasmine added the hashtag "#behindthescenes" and tagged park La Rambleta. The star donned a midi-length red dress which featured a pretty floral print and a v-neck design. Jasmine had previously posed in the garment while outside the La Ciutat de les Arts I les Ciéncies in Valencia, revealing that she'd visited before in 2005. The property expert stunned as she was all smiles in snap. It comes after Jasmine spoke out about a family tragedy which occurred last month, as the property expert admitted she is still trying to recover from an "awful nightmare". The star took to social media to pay tribute to her beloved dog Jet as she revealed he died suddenly after a "tragic accident. Taking to the picture-sharing site yesterday, the mum-of-two uploaded a video montage of her beloved pooch, which included a series of photos of Jet over the years. The candid clip was accompanied by the tear-jerking song, Somewhere Over The Rainbow. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau’s Angel on ‘really challenging' issue at home [INSIGHT]Geri Halliwell 'told Liz Truss to go for it' in Tory leadership race [ANALYSIS]John Cleese questions BBC after broadcasting 'non-inclusive' Euro game [UPDATE] In view of her 106,000 followers, she penned: "RIP Jet. I’ve been putting off posting this because I didn’t want it to be real. "I just wanted to wake up from this awful nightmare where our darling boy has gone to the Rainbow Bridge. My heart is broken. "A tragic accident and he is taken from us far, far too soon. Always happy, gentle, loved his family & his doggy & hooman friends. "Life will be less sweet without you Jetty Confetti! We love you and will miss you always. You big goofball." She continued: "Thank you for the joy, laughter and love you have brought to us over the past 2½ years. You were adored by everyone who met you. Run free my angel. I will see you again one day. Mummy loves you. [Heartbreak emoji]." Jasmine added the hashtags: "#dogsofinstagram #rip #bestdogever #furbaby #labernese #missyou." The on-screen presenter did not go into detail about how Jet sadly died at just two-and-half years old. Jasmine was soon inundated with messages of support as fans reacted to the news.