The Bantamweight division takes centre stage once again as Dominick Cruz squares off against Marlon Vera in the main event of UFC on ESPN 41 tonight. The two-time 135lb champion is on his third run towards UFC gold and has one eye on the division’s upcoming title fight between Aljamain Sterling and TJ Dillashaw. “I think you got to have a good grappling background. Not just grappling, not just submission grappling, but wrestling in order to really create scrambles or real problems for a guy like Sterling,” said Cruz at a recent press call. “And he’s facing that in Dillashaw, who had a 100 percent takedown defence before facing me. I took him down a couple of times in that fight and that changed. When it comes to Sterling, he’s going to have to get through Dillashaw. “I stack up against both of them. I beat Dillashaw, already, and I can beat him again. He was probably cheating when I beat him and I wasn’t, so that gives a lot of truth right there. I have no doubt in myself. I’m a world champion. I’m still here. I just need to get through the next phase which is ‘Chito’ Vera.” His opponent, Vera, is currently ranked No5 at bantamweight, three places above Cruz, and is on an impressive three-fight winning streak with wins over Davey Grant, Frankie Edgar, and Rob Font. Meanwhile, Cruz is riding off back-to-back wins over Casey Kenney and Pedro Munhoz. ‘The Dominator’ last held the UFC strap in 2016.  Date and venue The contest takes place on Saturday, August 13 at the Pechanga Arena in San Diego, USA. Fight times and TV channel/live stream The prelims will start at 9.30pm UK time on Saturday night with the main card following at midnight. UFC on ESPN 41 will air live on BT Sport in the UK, with the broadcaster’s app and website also streaming the fights on all good internet-connected devices such as smart TVs, mobile phones and tablets. MORE UFC NEWS... Conor McGregor told ‘the biggest thing that gets him in trouble’ Khabib legacy doubts raised despite brutal McGregor win White breaks silence on McGregor and Mayweather 'agreement'  Full card Marlon Vera vs Dominick Cruz (bantamweight) Angela Hill vs Loopy Godinez (catchweight) Nate Landwehr vs David Onama (featherweight) Devin Clark vs Azamat Murzakanov (light heavyweight) Cynthia Calvillo vs Nina Nunes (women’s flyweight) Bruno Silva vs Gerald Meerschaert (middleweight) Yazmin Jauregui vs Iasmin Lucindo (women’s strawweight) Martin Buday vs Lukasz Brzeski (heavyweight) Gabriel Benitez vs Charlie Ontiveros (lightweight) Youssef Zalal vs D’Amon Blackshear (bantamweight) Ode’ Osbourne vs Tyson Nam (flyweight) *Running order subject to change. Odds Cruz win 2/1 Vera win 40/85 Draw 39/1 *Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at the time of publication. 