Boris Johnson, 58, and Carrie Johnson, 34, are reportedly searching for a new home in Dulwich Village. The move comes after the outgoing Prime Minister was forced to tender his resignation pending a Tory Party leadership contest in July. Mr Johnson remains in his post as Prime Minister until early September when either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss will succeed Mr Johnson in Number 10. According to the real estate company Zoopla, the average sold price for a property in Dulwich Village in the last 12 months was £1,820,887. A source told the Sun: “Carrie and Boris are looking for somewhere they can put down roots away from the glare of central London. “Now they have Wilfred and Romy, a family home with a large garden is a must. That’s exactly what Dulwich can offer. JUST IN: Keir Starmer unveils £29billion ‘emergency’ strategy to tackle rising energy bills “The irony that he wanted to emulate Churchill but ended up following Thatcher’s footsteps in how he ended his premiership isn’t lost on colleagues.” The news comes despite reports of financial strain. According to the Sun, the couple has a budget of up to £3million. Before moving into Number 10 in 2019, Mr and Mrs Johnson lived in a flat overlooking Brunswick Park in Camberwell, south London. The couple put their Southwark home on the market for £1.6million, the Metro has revealed. However, if Mr Johnson decides to move to Dulwich, he could follow in the footsteps of fellow ex-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. The Iron Lady, who was forced out after she withdrew from the second round of the Conservative Party's 1990 leadership race, headed for Dulwich alongside husband Denis. A move to Dulwich could also see Mr Johnson be put at odds with the local MP. DON'T MISS:Jacob Rees-Mogg exposes real reason Tory MPs took down Boris [REVEAL]Sunday Express backs Liz Truss as she sets her ambition for Britain [ANALYSIS]Boris 'serious' probe blasted as Tories focus on leadership race [INSIGHT] Helen Hayes, who was first elected as the Labour MP for Dulwich & West Norwood in 2015, penned a piece for Southwark News lambasting the outgoing Prime Minister. The Shadow Minister for Children & Early Years said: "Although he was a former Mayor of London and a current London MP, since becoming Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s actions have taken a distinctly anti-London turn. "He and his Conservative ministers have cut funding to our schools and local councils, cut Universal Credit for families on lower incomes and left us with huge NHS waiting lists."