Inflation rates soared to a 40-year high of 9.4 percent as of June and with this figure only expected to increase, the Bank of England has been raising base interest rates to stem prices. However, these measures don’t appear to quite be enough to curb a recession as the Bank projects the UK will be hit in the fourth quarter of the year. A combination of successive Covid lockdowns and the Russia-Ukraine war putting pressure on gas and oil supply chains remain largely at the helm of the economic downturn. The Bank increased interest rates to 1.75 percent at the beginning of August, the sixth raise of the year and the highest it’s done so since 1995, in its bid to reduce inflation rates back to two percent against a two-year target. Despite this, inflation rates are forecast to reach as high as 13 percent by the end of the year as the energy bill price cap is expected to raise a further 24 percent in October. Wages are not rising in line with inflation, triggering a fall in Briton’s ‘real term’ income.  READ MORE: Housing CRASH with prices starting to fall and recession fear  As a result, the bank has projected the UK to fall into a recession by the end of the year as the economy shrinks even further in the fourth quarter. This may bear a sizeable impact on the pockets and livelihoods of many, as a financial expert has warned to prepare now to create a buffer for this period. A recession refers to a decline in economic activity that lasts for months or sometimes years.  Laura Rettie, editor-in-chief of Finance.co.uk said: “A recession is official when a country experiences a fall in retail sales, a rise in unemployment and negative gross domestic product for an extended period.” During a recession, people could lose their jobs because companies aren’t able to sell products, and it might be hard to find a new job because many other people will find themselves out of work too. The UK’s 2008 recession saw unemployment levels peak at 10 per cent. DON'T MISS: What can mortgage holders can do to combat recession? THREE key tips [EXPLAINED]What would a recession mean for house prices? Experts predict jolt [ANALYSIS]Andrew Neil shares economic attack on inflation [INSIGHT]     Ms Rettie said: “If you keep your job, your employer might choose to cut your salary or reduce your benefits.” It can also impact those looking to take out a mortgage or a loan. Ms Rettie said: “With more people unemployed and unable to pay their bills, historically, lenders tighten their eligibility criteria for things like mortgages and loans, which means you’ll need a good credit score to be able to borrow. “If you’ve invested in things like stocks and real estate, those investments can lose you money.”  Ms Rettie said: “It’s important not to panic and remember that recessions don’t last forever. “Get your finances in order and pay down any interest-bearing debts as quickly as you can in the coming months. “Try to put some money aside if you think you could lose your job and make an effort to plan for a period of unemployment. “You might even want to have your CV ready just in case and reduce your outgoings as much as possible”. 