Queen Letizia of Spain and her family visited the Cartuja of Valldemossa on Tuesday during an official engagement in Majorca. The Spanish Royal Family are undertaking official duties in Majorca, the Balearic Islands, until Sunday. However, Queen Letizia and her family will enjoy a well-deserved break next week on the beautiful Spanish island before Princess Leonor returns to Wales, where she is currently studying. Today, Queen Letizia, King Felipe and their daughter, Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia, have visited the town of Valldemossa wearing relaxed but very chic pastel outfits. Queen Letizia opted for a long white skirt with a brown pattern from Pablo Erroz which she combined with a dark green top. READ MORE: Kate is like 'no other royal woman' The Spanish Queen finished her outfit with a pair of white sandals from Espardenyes Torres. The stylish monarch was also seen carrying a large straw bag by Spanish designer Whittelily. A pair of gold and diamond earrings from Gold&Roses finished Letizia's look. The future Queen of Spain, Princess Leonor, was seen donning a cute white dress with three-quarter sleeves. She combined the boho-style summery dress with a pair of white espadrilles. Her younger sister, Infanta Sofia, wore a stylish pastel pink mini dress. She also chose to wear flat espadrilles in brown. Queen Letizia and her daughters kept their hair loose and opted for a very natural make-up look showing off their tan. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Spanish publication Lecturas commented: "Discreet, but without giving up her personal style, Queen Letizia was shining with a perfect look for summer in the traditional photo of the Royal Family in Majorca, which this year has taken them to the town of Valldemossa." Royal fans took to social media to praise the Spanish royals' looks. Instagram user @thegoldenoutdoors said: "Stunning!" Royal watcher @gerardgonzlez commented: "Beautiful." Another one, @bethdocherty_x, said they looked "perfect". Royal fan @conchafv46 agreed: "Love it, very summery." "The Princess and Infanta look so beautiful," said @peqybb. Social media user @dol_zar added: "They look divine."