Stocks and shares ISAs offer a tax-efficient way of investing in shares and a wide range of funds on the stock market - and they offer a much simpler starting point for those considering trying their hand at investing. And in today’s financial climate especially, it can be a much more lucrative route to opt for, according to experts. The intensifying financial landscape of high inflation and low-interest rates is leaving many to question just what is the better option when investing money in a savings account. Zoe Dagless, senior financial planner at Vanguard previously told Express.co.uk: “When inflation is higher than interest rates, as it currently is, leaving your pot sitting in cash will only erode the value of your hard-earned savings over time.” This is because, with prices rapidly rising, savings run the risk of losing value in ‘real’ terms as people will be able to buy less with their money. Ms Dagless continued: “Investing using a Stocks and Shares ISA inevitably means taking on more risk, but more often than not you’ll be getting a better return.”  READ MORE: Pension alert as Britons set for ‘retirement savings crisis’  For those looking for a long-term saving solution, returns from an investment ISA are likely to be greater than the interest they can earn on a cash ISA, but as mentioned, the risks are higher too. This makes it key to weigh up options before investing, but like with all accounts, some offer features that better suit certain people than others. With that, Money Facts has pulled together the top 10 stocks and shares ISAs available right now. Ranking top of the list of stocks and shares ISAs is Barclays Smart Investor Investment ISA, according to Money Facts.  Winning an award at the Shares Awards 2021, no minimum lump sum or monthly investment is required, and account holders get the choice of five ready-made investment funds to start off. Coming in second is Freetrade’s Freetrade Investment ISA. Like with Barclays, this account requires no minimum lump sum or monthly investments, and there are over 4,000 funds to invest in. Ranking third in the list is Unity Mutual’s Lifetime ISA (capital protected), It costs £1 to open the account and people can invest up to £4,000 a year to receive a 25 percent bonus from the Government. All the money invested will go into stocks and shares, but Unity Mutual offers a 100 percent Capital Protection Guarantee to prevent people from losing money.  DON'T MISS:Two new savings accounts pay 3.3% as rates TRIPLE [INSIGHT]Best savings accounts for tax-free saving: Top 10 easy access ISAs now [ANALYSIS]Four methods to reduce energy costs of appliances 'shave pounds off' [EXPLAINED]    Fourth on the list is Wealthify’s Stocks & Shares ISA. It costs a minimum of £1 to open an account, there are 10 portfolios available to invest in, and funds can be selected and managed for people. In fifth place is Advance by Embark Platform’s Stocks & Shares ISA. This account offers the ability to trade a wide range of investments, and there are over 4,000 funds to invest in. Coming sixth is Beanstalk’s Beanstalk ISA. This account requires a £5 minimum lump sum and there are no additional charges for any transfers in and out of the account. Exo Investing’s Exo Stocks & Shares ISA ranks seventh on the list. A minimum lump sum of £10,000 is required, and more than 580 funds are available. Placing eighth on the list is HSBC’s Global Investment Centre ISA.  This account requires a £100 minimum lump sum and offers over 395 funds to invest in. This account also doesn’t charge an additional fee for transferring funds. Ranking ninth on the list is IWeb’s Stocks & Shares ISA. This account offers a switching discount, offering funds with a discounted initial charge. Mo minimum lump sum or monthly investment is required, and there are more than 2,900 funds available to invest in. Last but not least, in tenth place is Link Fund Solutions Limited’s Link Financial ISA. There are over 200 funds available and there are no minimum lump sums or monthly investments required. 