Prince William looked overwhelmed as he congratulated each member of the England women’s team following their victory in the Euro 2022 final, and captain Leah Williamson has spoken about her exchange with the royal. She also explained how he initiated their embrace. The Lionesses’ victory in the Euros is expected to spark a mass rise in the popularity of women’s football, with many calling for the higher powers to capitalise on this opportunity. The image of Chloe Kelly spinning her shirt above her head after scoring the winner against Germany at Wembley Stadium has gone down in history already and, for many, will be the image that epitomises the tournament. The Duke of Cambridge looked visibly emotional following the full-time whistle on Sunday, and he couldn’t contain his sheer joy when congratulating the England players as they collected their medals. He shook the hands of the majority of the squad and shared a few celebratory words, though was keen to hug Williamson when she was next in line. Speaking about the moment, the Arsenal defender said: “I think I went to shake his hand and he said, 'Leah, bring it in' and I said, 'Thank you, sir'. He was like, 'I’m very proud of you all'. MUST READ: England Euros hero Bronze wants World Cup glory - 'Missing a star' “The legacy of this tournament is a change in society. We’ve brought people together and got people to this game. The legacy of this team is winning and this is the start of the journey. I just can’t stop crying. “We talked and we talked and we’ve finally done it. It’s the proudest moment of my life until the day I have kids I suppose. I’m going to lap it up. I want to relive it over and over and I’ll be reliving it for a long time. We said we wanted to make our legacy about winning and that's what we did. The legacy of the tournament was already made before that final game.” DON'T MISS...Alex Scott in tears again over 'emotional’ Euros 2022 winEngland hero Ella Toone's amusing response to Harry Kane tweetEngland stars gatecrash Sarina Wiegman press conference after victory Prince William, who is also President of the FA, then tweeted about the victory, saying that the team ‘inspired the whole nation’. Though he was not the only member of the Royal Family to be overjoyed by the success of Sarina Wiegman’s side. The Queen released a statement that read: “My warmest congratulations, and those of my family, go to you all on winning the European Women's Football Championships. “It is a significant achievement for the entire team, including your support staff.”