Tammy Prescott from West Yorkshire was diagnosed with incurable stomach cancer in September last year. After undergoing intensive chemotherapy, she is unable to work which has meant the cost of living crisis has hit her hard. While is in receipt of Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and Employment Support Allowance (ESA), the amount Tammy gets from the Government does not cover what she was previously earning. Overall, she gets £97 a week in statutory sick pay and £152 in PIP weekly but says she is £100 worse off than before her cancer diagnosis. Currently, the state pension age is 66 and people with a terminal illness are unable to access it if they are of working-age. Earlier this year, Marie Curie launched a petition which urged the Government to take action on this issue. The charity is calling on the 25,000 people of working age who die in poverty to access their state pension. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out With inflation and energy bills continuing to rise, Marie Curie is warning that those with a terminal illness are more likely to be impacted by the cost of living crisis due to their inability to work or the extra costs that arise from their condition. So far, around 80,000 have signed the charity’s petition to give the state pension early to those who are dying. Marie Curie has praised the Government’s decision to permit people with a terminal diagnosis of 12 months or less to get expedited access to benefits. However, it is calling for these changes to be introduced more quickly to help those who are dying.  Speaking to Sky News, Ms Prescott shared what she thinks should be changed regarding access to state pensions for people with terminal illnesses. On what she believes would help her, she said: “At the end of the day, I’ve been working since I was 14, obviously paying into the system. “Being able to access the state pension because I'm never going to be that age where I’m going to be able to access it, so what’s the point in me having paid into it for all these years?” She added: “It’s very hard to access things which technically you should be able to get and permission to have.”  READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  Appearing alongside her was Marie Curie’s policy manager Mark Jackson who outlined what the charity’s campaign is attempting to achieve. Ms Jackson said: “We don’t think it’s right that people like Tammy pay into a system all of their working lives. “They expected the state pension and other support to be there for them but at the end of their lives are denied that simply because their lives are going to be cut short. “That’s unacceptable and it’s very clear the working-age benefit system for people with a terminal illness is not fit for purpose. “What we really need to see is those people being able to access that support they’ve paid into the system for and also, while the cost of living rises, that support needs to be targeted.” A DWP spokesperson said: “Approaching the end of your life is an unimaginable challenge and our priority is providing people with financial support quickly and compassionately. “Those nearing the end of their lives can get fast-track access to a range of benefits without needing a face-to-face assessment or waiting period, with the majority of individuals receiving the highest rate of those benefits. “Earlier this year we extended that support for Employment and Support Allowance and Universal Credit and we are making similar changes to Personal Independence Payment, Disability Living Allowance and Attendance Allowance, meaning thousands more people at the end of life will be able to access these benefits earlier. “In addition, we recognise people are struggling with rising prices which is why we are protecting millions of the most vulnerable families with at least £1,200 of direct payments, starting with the £326 cost of living payment, which has already been issued to more than seven million low income households. “Vulnerable families in England are also being supported by the Government’s Household Support Fund - which was boosted by £500million - to help pay for essentials.”