The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, was described as "resplendent" as she came out at the very top of the rankings. Her style was painted as "sovereign superstar", and "perfectly tailored".  She matched up to the description a "modern duchess", and the magazine added: "Everything should be perfectly tailored, embracing current catwalk trends through a lens of appropriate dress lengths and classic silhouettes. "Oh, and plenty of Alessandra Rich." The Duchess of Cambridge has been spotted several times donning the Italian-born designer, most recently during her Wimbledon appearance last month. She donned a navy polka dot number to present defending champion, Novak Djokovic, his winning trophy. She was joined by Prince William and Prince George, eight, in the Royal Box at Centre Court. The Duchess previously rewore a blue polka dot Alessandra Rich number with three-quarter sleeves to watch an earlier Wimbledon showdown. But Tatler Magazine chose to put the spotlight on a white-and-black polka dot dress the Duchess wore to Royal Ascot earlier this year. The dress, paired with a complementary hat, was widely thought to have channelled the outfit worn by the late Princess of Wales decades earlier. READ MORE: Real reason Queen silent on Meghan Markle's birthday Back in 1988, Princess Diana picked a Victor Edelstein dress with remarkable similarities to the Alessandra Rich number Kate opted for in 2022.  Kate then turned heads during her appearance at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham earlier this week. She donned a sleek white Alexander McQueen suit to watch the Commonwealth swimming in the Midlands. Kate also had all eyes on her gown as she attended a charity match featuring Prince William last month at Windsor. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Actual proof' Meghan faces court against sister [LIVE] Royal POLL: Is Prince Harry having ‘second thoughts’ on memoir? [VOTE] Kate and Prince William 'modelling Cambridge family' on Middletons [ANALYSIS]  She picked a white midi dress with subtle black line detailed by Emilia Wickstead for the occasion. Royal fans gushed at the news, with the fan account @@loveforcambridg responding: "I'm not surprised HRH The Duchess of Cambridge is the number one! "She really is the most beautiful and stylish woman on the planet." Another, @duchesskatefan_ wrote: "Always totally stunning and perfect for every occasion. No doubt she is the number one!"   Hot on the Duchess' heels was businesswoman Vimbai Masiyiwa, who was lauded for her "all-out glamour". The Zimbabwean entrepreneur was praised as having both "beauty" and "brains" by the magazine.