Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle will travel to Europe next month for a series of charity events. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return to the UK for the first time since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to work with “charities close to their hearts”. According to a spokesperson for the couple, Harry and Meghan are “delighted” to be making the trip across the pond. Since they stepped down from their senior positions in the Royal Family and left their home in Windsor, the Sussexes have forged new lives in Montecito, California. The exclusive gated community is just a short distance from the coast and is home to a host of A-List celebrities, including Oprah Winfrey, Ellen DeGeneres and Tom Cruise. Meghan and Harry now reside in the Santa Barbara town with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. They purchased the nine-bedroom, 16-bathroom mansion for £11million back in 2020. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan to be 'shunted down ladder' as they face 'awkward situation' with Queen While the prince’s move to California shocked some royal watchers, others have claimed it was predestined. One royal biographer has claimed it is “no coincidence” Harry relocated to the US, as his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales was planning to do the same over two decades earlier. Christopher Anderson, author of ‘The Day Diana Died’, appeared on this week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast and spoke to its host, Kinsey Schofield, about Diana’s legacy to mark the 25th anniversary of her death. Talking about the princess’ two sons and how they continue to honour their mother, Ms Schofield said: “Sometimes it feels like Prince Harry’s actions lean more towards that Spencer blood.” Mr Anderson replied: “Well it’s no coincidence that he ended up in Montecito and Dodi had already purchased Julie Andrews’ old mansion in Malibu. “She [Diana] intended to live in California. She would have understood his need to get away and do that.” He admitted that he didn’t think Diana would have wanted her younger son to “exit the Royal Family,” adding he did not think Harry “intended to completely exit the family and give up all of his military honours.” When Harry and Meghan announced their plans to step back from the Firm, they revealed they wanted to carve out more progressive roles within the institution. It is understood that the Duke and Duchess wanted to continue representing the Queen while pursuing external, commercial interests. On their website, sussexroyal.com, where they set out their intention of carving out new “progressive” roles within the Firm, along with becoming “financially independent” the couple appeared to have hoped to become hybrid royals. They believed they could “continue to carry out their duties for Her Majesty the Queen, while having the future financial autonomy to work externally”. The couple also wanted to retain their patronages and “proudly” carry out “works for the monarchy within the UK or abroad, as called upon”. However, after 10 days of turmoil over Meghan and Harry’s future within the monarchy, the ‘half-in, half-out’ proposal was rejected. As a result, the Sussexes went from “stepping back” to stepping down, meaning they no longer represented the monarch in any capacity, had to stop using their ‘HRH’ titles and give up their honorary patronages, including the Duke’s military appointments. DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] Buckingham Palace’s statement made clear that it was felt the couple could “no longer formally represent” the Queen. Her Majesty issued a more personal statement, which acknowledged the “challenges they have experienced as the result of intense scrutiny”, and spoke of her particular pride in “how Meghan has so quickly become one of the family”. Speaking as a grandmother, rather than a monarch, many noted, she said: “Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved members of my family.” It was decided the prospect of the Sussexes pursuing commercial deals and simultaneously representing the Queen on occasion was too great a risk to the reputation of the House of Windsor and, by extension, the monarchy. Now, over two years later, Meghan and Harry have cut commercial deals, signing multi-million-pound contracts with Spotify and Netflix, while pursuing other philanthropic and humanitarian ventures. Their return to the UK next month will see the couple visit several charities, starting with a stop-off in Manchester for the One Young World Summit, which will be followed by a trip to Germany for the Invictus Düsseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event and rounding off back in the UK for the WellChild Awards in London. Their visit has excited many social media users, who have welcomed the Sussexes’ return. One Twitter user wrote: "Can’t wait, love Prince Harry and Princess Meghan." Another said: "Wonderful news! They will do an amazing job, and inspire so many! They make a great team". However, their surprise return has raised some eyebrows among royal commentators, with one suggesting they could be reaping royal benefits with the trip despite choosing to live a life outside of the Royal Family. Daniela Elser, royal writer at news.com.au, said: “So, off they went to California to talk about compassion and making podcasts and TV shows, all lofty, impressive goals which have so far translated into sound and fury signifying headline-making white noise. “In short, they made their choice. “But now? Now it looks like they are about to go back to Britain for a trip which could carry with it the patina of royalty: the fleet of stealthy black Range Rovers pulling up to events, the cheering crowds and the big speeches.” Writing for the Australian news outlet, she said: “The problem is, having picked 'freedom' and life outside palace walls, with this UK trip, it looks a lot like they are now intent on having their cashed-up Californian cake and eating it too.” The royal expert also said the trip could end up looking “suspiciously royal”. However, royal expert Pauline Maclaran disagreed, telling Express.co.uk the Sussexes’ visit will be “nothing like a royal tour”.