Last week, the regulator Ofgem announced the new price cap is to rise to £3,549 from October 2022. It means more misery is on the way for Britons in the cost of living crisis, as many look for ways to meet the demands of their bills. The update is set to see monthly energy bills rise from an average of £164.25 to £295.75. Jonathan Brearley, CEO of Ofgem, acknowledged the news would be worrying, but said the regulator had “no choice”. He explained: “We know the massive impact this price cap increase will have on households across Britain and the difficult decisions consumers will now have to make. “The price of energy has reached record levels driven by an aggressive economic act by the Russian state. They have slowly and deliberately turned off the gas supplies to Europe causing harm to our households, businesses and wider economy. READ MORE: State pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock “Ofgem has no choice but to reflect these cost increases in the price cap.” However, many Britons were dissatisfied with this explanation amid the extra squeeze to their pockets. Express.co.uk readers made their feelings known, suggesting many will find it impossible to meet the new, higher costs. SpookyQueen said: “Thought I’d seen the last of the 60s and 70s where you had only one room heated by coal fire, you bathe once a week, and often went to bed dressed in your day clothes because it was too cold to take them off. DON'T MISSEDF offers help with energy bill debt & vital benefits - how to apply [INSIGHT]State pension: Women ‘set to receive higher sum than men' in 10 years [ANALYSIS]Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE] “Now with these energy prices soaring I am being forced back to those days!” Tonto58 stated: “We can’t let them do this. No one should be going cold or hungry this winter. Millions of us have been condemned to starve or freeze. “If interest rates keep going up as predicted, many won’t have to worry about energy prices going up - as they won’t have a home to heat.” Nina Lindley added: “God knows how families and the elderly are coping. “Some of the pensioners I know are already saying they will live in just one room and just keep that room warm. READ MORE: State pensioners' income slashed by £800 amid cost of living crisis “Yet these companies are making maximum profit - it’s disgusting.” Hawkeye1 wrote: “We are pensioners and we simply can’t pay this huge increase.” While Danz penned: “Disgraceful. The Government now needs to do whatever it needs to do. “Fix the price lower the this. Subsidise, nationalise, whatever. Just do it.” However, not everyone shared the same worries about rising energy bills across the country. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some stated they were unfazed, while others called on Britons to take action. Beechy1 stated: “I don’t worry about this hike. I am just going to revert to how we managed in the 60s and 70s. I can easily make my usage lower even in winter months. Not a problem.” While 7895 simply remarked: “Get back to work if you are worried!” The Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi has committed to helping Britons amid the cost of living crisis. He said: “Help is coming with £400 off energy bills for all, the second instalment of a £650 payment for vulnerable households, and £300 for all pensioners. “While Putin is driving up energy prices in revenge for our support of Ukraine’s brave struggle for freedom, I am working flat out to develop options for further support.”