Denise Welch, 64, didn't hesitate to fire back today after unearthing a Twitter post blasting her and the other Loose Women hosts as "thick as s**t". The TV presenter and former Hollyoaks actress challenged that, despite the criticism, the tweeter was "obsessed" with her. "Can we just get #LooseWomen taken off?" exclaimed @mand_brun. "It's awful to think people imagine they actually represent most women's views. "I can't bloody stand them, they're thick as s*** and the programme has had its day!" She concluded: "End of rant!" but two weeks later, her post was spotted by eagle-eyed Denise. READ NOW: Demi Rose 'back' as she barely conceals ample assets "You're obsessed with us though!! Funny that!" the feisty presenter hit back. "Is your life so boring you torture yourself watching shows you can't stand??" she quizzed, using a string of tears of laughter emojis to punctuate her point. However she was forced to contend with a string of respondents with an equal dislike of the ITV show. @ccshoreditch exclaimed: "It's just awful, unbelievable it's still on TV and nothing makes me reach for the remote control quicker." @lozengem concurred: "Ugh yes. They talk about everything as if their opinions are facts, and then never actually bring anyone on qualified to actually comment. Hate it." "It’s been on bloody years and it’s just so irrelevant isn’t it love?" the original poster replied. Another viewer who was less than impressed exclaimed that he saw the show trending on Twitter "pretty much every day" - but mostly caused by audiences complaining about it. One tweeter exclaimed that she "can't stand to be in the same room" when others in her household have the show on. DON'T MISS... ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' [LATEST] Line of Duty's Daniel Mays' 'daunting' encounter with Michael Douglas [INSIGHT] Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits resenting his father for huge lie [INTERVIEW]  However some defended the controversial show. "If you don't like something then don't watch it!! No need to get personal calling people thick! "Whatever happened to 'be kind'? @spangled1234 quizzed. @PatLovesTheatre agreed, exclaiming: "Don't watch it. #simple." However some unhappy followers were still on a crusade against it, and many other current shows, with @markjonesblue declaring: "Basically stop all TV!" Meanwhile, Denise was checking out her Twitter coverage from sunny Croatia, where she is currently holidaying. She was willing to poke fun at herself, when she revealed a very embarrassing outfit mishap on social media. "When you decide to mix it up and wear your poncho wrap as a sarong…..but don’t realise the hole for your head is on your a***!!!!!" she joked, uploading a photo to demonstrate her error. However @naomi_r73 joked: "It's a good job you've got a lovely bottom!"