Why not change this system and patrol our liquid border and turn the boats back? Once they realise we are not picking them up but turning them back and refusing access, it might make them think twice. Especially if they have paid thousands for their seats. I know it must be hard when women and children are in the boats but these people are willing to put their families at risk, taking them from safe countries such as France. Do-gooders are not doing any good at all. While pensioners are facing a utility bill nightmare, the need to use food banks and a cost-of-living crisis, we are told £2billion is spent annually on illegal immigrants, says Susan Dance from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. These people are economic migrants, not refugees. But for some unfathomable reason we, the taxpayers, are told that we have no choice and it is our responsibility to pay for their lifestyle. Free hotel rooms, free food, free television, free NHS, free schooling, spending money and free mobile phones if needed. Absolutely sickening.   Instead of producing myriad complicated refunds and payments to try to make energy bills more affordable, why does Ofgem not just not increase the energy cap? asks Bill Biggins from Cawood, North Yorkshire. The energy companies are making huge profits and increasing the price cap will only serve to line their coffers even further. If Ofgem cannot freeze the price cap then what use is it?  The shocking cost to our country with regard to asylum seekers only goes to show how pathetic our Home Secretary Priti Patel is, says Ruth Peberdy from Bridgwater, Somerset. How Patel has kept her job after such an abysmal performance is a complete mystery. When the new Prime Minister takes his or her place in 10 Downing Street, I hope that the first item on the agenda will be to show her the door and replace her with someone with a lot more backbone.  Reading the sports pages over the last few days there have been stories of footballers being transferred for tens of millions of pounds who will earn hundreds of thousands a week, says Pete Squire from Astley, Lancashire. At a time when we have folks who cannot afford to pay bills, buy food and heat their homes, I find these deals totally sickening. It would be nice of clubs if they considered the people who have supported them over the years and are suffering, maybe saving them money by giving them free entry to a couple of games. I am sure they would not miss a couple of million. The clubs would get some respect for their investment. 