The Duchess took part in the friendly ‘Commonwealth Race’ at SailGP in Plymouth against New Zealand and looked delighted onboard the catamaran. Kate sailed along with Olympic gold medal winning Sir Ben Ainslie while sporting a SailGP wetsuit and life jacket and orange helmet.  A video was posted to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s official Instagram account, with the caption: “Out on the water with @sailgpgbr last weekend. “It’s not only the racing that’s so important to these teams, but their commitment to protecting the future of our planet and inspiring the next generation to do the same. “It was so good to see the Protect our Future programme with @1851trust doing exactly this. “Thanks for the racing too!”  Royal fans were quick to sing Kate’s praises on the social media site, with @katie11vi_ commenting: “She can wear any outfit, uniform and headgear and still look amazing. Beautiful woman.” Another user @allyjane_1 wrote: “What can’t she do…Great Role Model.” User @porcupinestitches added: “What an amazing role model our duchess is! So much respect for her.”  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry snubbed at Commonwealth event as Duke 'fought tears' The Duchess of Cambridge is Royal Patron of the 1851 Trust, the official charity of the Great Britain SailGP team. The charity works with young people through using sport to inspire an interest in science and technology. Its platform Protect Our Future educates young people about climate science, with the aim of empowering them to take action against climate change.  DON'T MISS:GB News: Ann Widdecombe claims Tory Party is now 'unrecognisable' [INSIGHT]Speed limits on country roads reduced to 20mph [REVEAL]Bosnia crisis: Serb politicians back Putin and bash Bosniaks [SPOTLIGHT] Before getting into her wetsuit, Kate arrived at the centre wearing a nautical-inspired outfit, a white and navy striped jumper, white shorts, and white plimsolls. Speaking before the race, Sir Ben Ainslie said: “She’s a really good sailor in her own right, she has sailed with me on foiling boats as well and we’re expecting a little bit of extra help, given she’s sailed across the Atlantic.” Team GB sailed to victory over the New Zealand team while getting up to speeds of 55mph travelling through gusty winds. 