Disney+ has this week announced its increasing prices in the US, as well as revealing the price of its new ad-supported tier. It had been thought the upcoming ad-supported Disney+ membership tier would offer a low-cost way to subscribe to the Netflix and Prime Video rival. However, instead the Disney+ ad-supported tier is going to cost $7.99 a month - the same price as a Disney+ membership costs now in the States - while the ad-free version will cost $10.99 a month. These prices rises are kicking into effect on December 8 in the US, and could be a sign of things to come in the UK. Disney previously revealed that the ad-supported membership tier would launch internationally in 2023. This means that, for the remainder of 2022, Disney+ fans in the UK don't need to worry about anything changing for them - but next year could see a resuffle of the membership tiers in Blighty. At the moment, a Disney+ membership costs £7.99 a month in Blighty or £79.90 for the year. This yearly plan is handy as - if Disney do intend on increasing prices in the future - you'll be able to sign up to this plan and lock in the current price for 12 months. This will help users avoid any potential price rises until their next renewal date a year later. US subscribers that want to avoid the upcoming Disney+ price rise will be able to take advantage of this trick now and anytime leading up to the price rise kicking in. When these price rises take effect the ad-supported Disney+ will be known as Disney+ Basic, while the version without ads will be called Disney+ Premium. This new pricing could help Netflix - which has been losing subscribers this year - claw back some ground. Netflix is also launching its own ad-supported membership tier, and if it is available at a cheaper price than existing plans it could help to draw in new subscribers. There could be caveats to this service though, with rumours suggesting the ad-supported Netflix tier won't include the full library. The Disney+ price rise comes after both Netflix and Amazon Prime prices have increased this year. In the UK the price of a basic and standard Netflix plan have gone up by £1 a month while the premium plan has increased by £2 a month. While Amazon Prime prices in the UK are going up from £7.99 a month to £8.99 a month in September, with the annual price rising from £79 to £95. Despite the inbound Amazon Prime price rise the cost of a Prime Video membership - which is £5.99 a month - will stay the same.