LIV golf continues to be a thorn in the side of the PGA, as was proven with their latest statement. Greg Norman and co. appear to be unbothered by their rivals’ plans to deal with their threat following a crunch meeting led by Tiger Woods and Roy McIlroy last week.  Renowned golf journalist Alan Shipniucik tweeted the very short message from the Saudi-backed circuit. “LIV golf just released the following statement, which proves, if nothing else, their troll game remains strong,” he said. “LIV Golf is clearly the best thing that’s ever happened to help the careers of professional golfers.” That's the whole statement.” LIV shocked the golfing world to its core with their new style and eye-watering amounts of cash while allowing its golfers to essentially play as free agents. Some of the sport’s biggest names including Phil Mickelson and Bryson DeChambeau were lured away from the PGA and with LIV set to unveil several more players, they are not going anywhere anytime soon. After months of battle, it seems the PGA tour is looking to lose no more and have since announced a fresh competition called TGL. JUST IN: PGA Tour issue biggest LIV response with 'immediate changes' impacting Tiger Woods and co  Spearheaded by Woods and Rory McIlroy, the PGA-accredited contest will showcase six teams each consisting of three players and will be played in a 'custom-built venue'. “I am excited to work with TMRW Sports in bringing people more access to sports,” said the 15-time major winner. “So many athletes, entertainers and people I meet from all walks of life share our passion for sports, but they also share our desire to build a better future for the next generation of sports fans." The tournament endeavours to host 15 events all taking place on a Monday night and will feature a play-off format. The TGL has called itself a ‘high-tech golf league', where events will be completed in under two hours. It is set to commence in January 2024, which happens to be the same month as the LIV lawsuit trial against the PGA. In another shot fired at LIV, PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan announced a list of changes ahead of this week's FedEx Cup finale in Atlanta, including any LIV Golfers wanting to return to his Tour will be denied the opportunity. In a letter to members, Mr Manahan declared: “This will help us deliver an unmatched product to our fans, who will be guaranteed to see the best players competing against each other in 20 events or more throughout the season." He added: “With the best interest of the collective in mind, those players rallied together to identify ways they could help strengthen the Tour platform – recognising that if fans are going to invest in the PGA Tour, it means a lot more if they know the players are investing write back. Our top players are making a commitment to play in all 12 elevated events, as well as the Players Championship, the Masters Tournament, the PGA Championship, the US Open and the Open Championship. They will also add at least three PGA Tour events to their schedules." 