Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle will be returning to the UK next month. Their spokesperson confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be travelling across the pond to work with “charities close to their hearts”. The couple will will attend The One Young World Manchester Summit, before jetting off to Germany for the Invictus Games Düsseldorf One Year To Go ceremony and then returning to the UK for the WellChild Awards 2022 in London. Harry and Meghan moved to the US over two years ago following their shock exit from the Firm.They now reside in Montecito, California with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana.Meghan, a former Hollywood actress, grew up in Los Angeles so has long-standing connections to their new home.However, according to an ex-royal bodyguard, Harry may have been influenced to relocate to the US by his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. READ MORE: Prince William 'protected' Harry from details of Diana and Charles relationship breakdown Lee Sansum, the bodyguard that Diana nicknamed ‘Rambo’, spoke to The Sun about the Princess of Wales almost 25 years on from her tragic death.He claimed that Diana was planning to move to the US with her then-boyfriend Dodi Fayed, claiming that it “was the only place she felt people weren’t having a go at her.“It was probably her way of keeping sane, to get some respite.”Mr Sansum believes Diana’s plan to move to the US influenced Harry’s move there with Meghan.He said: “This trauma happened when the building blocks for life were being formulated. “His mother saw America as a place of sanctuary. He will be drawing on his experiences from then.”Harry has recently spoken about the impact his mother has on his current life.In April, while attending the Invictus Games in the Netherlands, the Duke opened up on how he feels his mother’s presence “in almost everything” he does.In an interview with the Today show, Harry said he feels his mother's presence as he navigates life as a new dad. DON'T MISS'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview  [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] Her presence, the prince continued, is “constant”, and “it has been over the last two years — more so than ever before.”He said: “It’s almost as though she’s done her bit with with my brother and now she’s very much back to helping me.“Got him set up, now she’s helping me set up. That’s what it feels like, you know? He’s his kids. I’ve got my kids.“You know, circumstances are obviously different. But I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now.” He added: "She's watching over us." Hoda Kotb, the interviewer, told Harry that Diana would be proud of him, and Harry agreed: "I'm sure she is." And, when Ms Kotb asked if he tells his son about Princess Diana, he replied: “Very much so. I don’t tell him all the stuff that happened, but certainly, ‘This is Grandma Diana,’ and [I] brought a couple photos up in the house.” In Prince Harry and Oprah Winfrey's ‘The Me You Can't See’ docuseries that aired last year, Harry also shared Diana's presence in their home. During the AppleTV+ mental health series, Harry said: “I got a photo of her in his nursery, and it was one of the first words that he said — apart from ‘mama,’ ‘papa,’ it was then ‘grandma.’ Grandma Diana. “It's the sweetest thing, but at the same time, it makes me really sad because she should be here.” Harry said later in the series: “I wish she could've met Meghan. I wish she was around for Archie.”