The Metropolitan Police has issued a Section 60 order around Carnival following “serious stabbings”. The historic festival returned to the capital for the first time since 2019 with thousands taking to the streets to celebrate Caribbean culture and its impact on London’s legacy.   Despite the majority of carnival-goers experiencing no issues, 38 people have so far been arrested for offences which include sexual assault, possession of drugs and weapons. Metropolitan Police Events tweeted on Monday: “A Section 60 order is in place within the Notting Hill Carnival footprint and borders. “This commenced at 21:24 hours tonight until 01:00 hours [on] August 30. “This is following a number of violent incidents and serious stabbings.  “Crowds remain within the footprint and wider areas.” A Section 60 order is part of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act which allows officers to conduct stop and searches for "dangerous instruments and offensive weapons" without needing suspicion following major incidents. A Section 60 can only be enacted for a specific period of time within a certain area if it is thought that there will be further violence in that area. The Met Police previously enforced similar orders during Notting Hill celebrations in both 2018 and 2019. READ MORE: Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust The Metropolitan Police also revealed that by 7am on Monday morning a total of 76 arrests had been made for “a variety of different offences”. Alongside the arrests seen at the event, a police horse died while on duty during the celebrations after it collapsed at around 9pm on Sunday. An investigation has been launched into the situation with the cause of death currently unknown. London Ambulance also claimed that there was even a birth during the busy carnival though it is unclear if the mother was a resident or a visitor. DON'T MISS: Brexit live: EU in HUGE bust-up as Germany blocks Ukraine training (LIVE)Certain amount of daily exercise could add two years to your life (INSIGHT)BBC backlash as Arctic Monkeys 'ban' live performance from airing (REVEAL)  A spokesperson for London Ambulance said: “We were called at 6:45pm on Sunday, August 28 to reports of a person in labour within the footprint of Notting Hill Carnival. “We treated an adult and baby at the scene and took them to hospital as a priority.”