Homeowners selling their property want to get the best price possible for it. While the interior of a home can be changed, other features are more permanent, meaning they can be unattractive to potential buyers. ScS has partnered with webuyanyhouse.co.uk to provide tips on what to avoid when looking to add value to your home. According to the experts, freestanding baths can be “unattractive to buyers”. They said: “Freestanding baths look great in social media posts, but they often come with a lot of practical issues that make them unattractive to buyers. “They are far higher maintenance than normal varieties. “You may need to make extra room under your floor for additional pipes and plumbing. READ MORE: Where does Rishi Sunak live? A look at the PM hopeful's properties “If these pipes leak, they can be incredibly expensive to access and can create bad smells.” When it comes to paint and wallpaper, bright and bold interiors can put buyers off. Neutral colours are always recommended as potential buyers can envisage what they would do with the room. The experts said to avoid feature walls if looking to add value to your property. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [COMMENT]‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now [EXPLAINER]Top 10 gardening jobs for August - from pruning to mowing lawn [EXPERT] They explained: “Triangular-painted feature walls, with frog-tape used to create coloured shapes, have become incredibly popular, but such creativity isn’t always appreciated by buyers. “Over-expressive decorating, like accent corners, scalloped edges, painted arches or frog-tape walls, are all very much to individual taste, so can make it harder to achieve a sale. “You’re far better off sticking to neutral colours.” Neutral colours include beige, off-white and white. READ MORE: Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While log burners may look cosy, they do not appeal to all buyers. According to the experts, they require a lot of fuel to work which can be extremely expensive. They added: “You also need somewhere to store the wood, which takes up extra space. “There’s also the risk of smoke damage and marking decorated walls, which buyers won't want to inherit.” Britons should also avoid adding gold hardware to their homes if wanting to add value. ScS experts said although gold features can add a touch of “elegance”, the effect doesn’t last long. They said: “Gold hardware can quickly look stained and marked, which is very noticeable. “It can also be difficult to match it with other features in your home, especially once the gold colour has faded.” The experts also shared top tips on changes which could add value to a property, They recommended replacing radiators and the kitchen floor. According to ScS, replacing the kitchen floor can increase property value by £5,000. They said: “Replacing your kitchen floor can not only update the look and feel of the room but can also provide buyers with the insurance of longevity. “Doing this can result in a clean and comfortable finish, which is practical and affordable. “Modern porcelain tiles are an effective way to add value onto the kitchen, as they're hard-wearing, waterproof, stain-resistant and durable.”