Boris Johnson resigned from his position as British Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader on July 7 following a wave of resignations making his position untenable. A Government source has since claimed there is a desire to see Mr Johnson be given a peerage. The source reportedly said: “Definitely. Boris delivered Brexit. He’s taken us through Covid. People have gone into the House of Lords who have done far less. I would definitely support him getting a peerage.” READ MORE: Lord Boris? New poll suggest Tory voters would welcome peerage for outgoing PM In response, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 6pm on Monday, July 25, to 9am on Tuesday, August 2, Express.co.uk asking readers: “Should Boris Johnson be honoured with a seat in the House of Lords?” In total, 1,433 people responded with the majority, 64 percent (922 people), answering “yes”, Mr Johnson should be given a seat in the House of Lords. A further 35 percent (500 people) said “no” he should not, while just one percent (11 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed whether Mr Johnson should be honoured with a seat in the House of Lords. Many were in support of him being given a peerage, with one reader, username West park commenting: “Perfect place for him.” Username Denbe said: “Absolutely. Boris is far more deserving than most who sit in the House and has the most to contribute.” And username Defence of the Realm said: “I can't see why he shouldn't have a peerage. Many worse than Boris sit in the Lords.” Express.co.uk readers support Mr Johnson being honoured with a peerage more than recent polling by Ipsos found. Meanwhile, some readers said that he should not be given a seat in the House of Lords yet. Username ​​u2canthandlethetruth said: “Not yet. He should be allowed to return back [to the role of Prime Minister] and complete the job of Brexit.” Username laurie1 said: “Up to Boris. Suspect he may not want one. At least at this moment. Boris has a lot more to give in politics or elsewhere.” Another, username john04041992 said: “Not yet he needs to come back as PM again first.” The Ipsos survey showed 40 percent of Tory voters want the outgoing Prime Minister to be given a seat in the House of Lords, while just 32 percent opposed this idea. However, among the wider public, just 28 percent support Mr Johnson receiving a peerage and 44 percent are opposed. Other readers argued that he should not be offered a seat and that the House of Lords should be abolished. Username LetsJustSay said: “Absolutely not deserving.” DON'T MISS: Remainer cabal is orchestrating Brexit's failure, says JOHN LONGWORTH [COMMENT]Boris Johnson bashes enemies during wedding party [LATEST]GB News: Stanley Johnson warns Boris' comeback blocked by plotters [UPDATE] Username Lelly wrote: He disgraced the office. Of course he should not get a peerage.” While username KatMoi said: “No, the House of Lords needs to be abolished.” And username Massum said: “No, the House of Lords needs removing altogether.” During Queen Elizabeth II’s reign, seven former Prime Ministers have gone on to have seats in the House of Lords. Most recently, Britain’s first female Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was given a life peerage as Baroness Thatcher in 1992.