Britney Spears' beau Sam Asghari has dismissed concerns that the Toxic singer's two sons with ex-husband Kevin Federline are embarrassed by her naked pictures, as he argued that "the mere presence of a parent" can cause humiliation for any child. The star's sons, Sean and Jayden, have stayed away from mum Britney for weeks, according to their dad Kevin, following claims that they felt shame over her penchant for public undress. The 40-year-old Hit Me Baby One More Time star recently shared a series of raunchy snaps with almost 42 million Instagram fans. Meanwhile, yesterday, her husband took to the same platform to defend her choices as freedom of expression. "Even if there was truth to her kids being ashamed of their mother's choices and positive body image they wouldn't be the first teenagers embarrassed of their parents," he shared in a now-deleted post via Instagram Stories. The personal trainer added: "Most kids are embarrassed of their parents at one point." READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning In response to reports that Britney's sons, who did not attend her June wedding, no longer wish to see her, he dismissed: "The mere presence of a parent can humiliate a teenager. "It's so common it has been a storyline used over and over on TV and in films for decades. "Eventually if not already, they will realise their mother's choices are harmless and an expression of newly-found freedom." Finally, he added: "There is nothing to be embarrassed about, just lots of things to be proud of." Meanwhile, Sam also took a swipe at the father of Britney's children, suggesting Sean and Jayden should be more ashamed over Kevin's alleged lack of work over their lifetimes. "The boys are very smart and will be 18 soon to make their own decisions," he wrote. "[They] may eventually realize the 'tough' part was having a father who hasn’t worked much in over 15 years as a role model." Sam also wrote that there was "no validity" to Kevin's claims that the children were "distancing themselves". His comments come after Kevin told the world that Sean and Jayden had decided they "are not seeing [Britney] right now".  "It's been a few months since they've seen her," he elaborated in an article published on MailOnline. The former dancer sympathised that he could not imagine how it might feel for them, and that he has tried to explain Britney's choices to pose naked as "another way she tries to express herself". However, Sam claimed to Britney's fans that Kevin's "gravy train" is set to end soon, adding: "It probably explains the timing of these hurtful statements." Britney's new husband has also written that the type of nudes Britney has published were "quite modest" in the context of the modern era, while the Circus hitmaker herself has claimed other celebrities have posted far more explicit material in the past while they had "extremely young children". The star, who is trying her best to live it up following the ending of her strict conservatorship, wrote: "It saddens me to hear that my ex-husband has decided to discuss the relationship between me and my children. “As we all know, raising teenage boys is never easy for anyone." She added: "It concerns me the fact that the reason is based on my Instagram... "Only one word: HURTFUL."