With the hot weather continuing over the next few days, it’s highly likely that homeowners will find their homes invaded by flies in search of food and a home. Common house flies are attracted to decaying matter such as meat while fruit flies love rotting fruit and sugary drinks. Figuring out how to get rid of house flies can be challenging. These pesky insects can carry viruses and bacteria, lay eggs, and defecate on surfaces — and that’s just the beginning. Flies can also spread food poisoning, E. coli, dysentery, cholera, typhoid fever, tuberculosis, and a host of other allergens by contaminating water and food. Homeowners could use a pesticide spray or other chemical formula to get rid of flies, but typical pesticide ingredients can be harmful to your home and family, just like the pathogens flies spread. Luckily, there are lots of methods to try and help reduce the problem, including making a homemade deterrent spray. An expert from cleaning company, The Maids, has shared that homeowners can use cayenne pepper to “deter” flies from homes. READ MORE: ‘Best way’ to prune for ‘healthy’ plants - ‘prevents diseases’ They said: “Cayenne pepper is an excellent natural fly repellent and also deters many other insects. “Mix one cup of water and one teaspoon of cayenne pepper in a misting bottle and spray it near entryways and wherever you see flies.” Britons can simply spritz the natural remedy around the kitchen throughout the day. This common spice retails for only 70p at Asda and 85p at Tesco. DON'T MISS: Houseplants: ‘Optimal temperature’ to avoid peace lilies ‘yellowing’ [EXPERT]Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings ‘disintegrated’ home back to life [COMMENT] Lavender is also known to get rid of flies nesting in homes and is possibly the “easiest” method according to the expert. They said: “Lavender is one of the easiest ways to get rid of houseflies because it is widely available in so many forms. “Growing lavender plants outside, putting a bouquet of fresh lavender in a vase, and burning lavender oil near entryways and windows helps keep flies out of your house.” Its smell wards away flies because they can not stand the scent of lavender. Using lavender scented soaps and cleaning products around the home can also help to deter these pests. READ MORE: 40p cleaning item to ‘easily’ banish kitchen grease - makes home ‘s... Citrus is also a key ingredient for those looking to repel flies. Many commercial fly repellents contain orange or lemon extracts, not just for the scent, but because citrus oil is a natural fly repellent. The experts advised: “Place citrus peels in an area where the flies are buzzing. “Place the peels in a small cloth on a dish to keep them moist and rub the peels every once in a while to keep the scent fresh.” If these natural methods are not working, sometimes what’s needed is something more than a natural fly repellent — you need to attract them and trap them. The cleaning pros said: “A mixture of apple cider vinegar and dish soap can help you trap flies and kill them. “Mix about an inch of apple cider vinegar and a few drops of dish soap in a tall glass. Cover the glass with plastic wrap, secure it with a rubber band and poke small holes in the top.” Flies will be attracted to the vinegar in the glass and will fly through the holes. The film of dish soap causes the flies to sink instead of being able to land on the vinegar.