Meghan Markle has sparked a storm of fresh criticism after discussing her 2019 royal tour of South Africa in the premiere of her new podcast series Archetypes. The Duchess revealed that during the tour, which she conducted with her husband Prince Harry, a fire broke out in their son’s room while they were at an official engagement. Upon learning of the incident, Meghan suggested the couple were pressured to continue an intense schedule of royal appearances and given little time to spend with their son Archie, who was only a few months old at the time. Royal commentator Richard Eden has since slammed the Duchess of Sussex for failing to understand the sense of “duty” involved with the Royal Family that frequently requires “personal ambition” to be sidelined.     Speaking on the Daily Mail’s Palace Confidential, Mr Eden offered his analysis on the first episode of Meghan’s Archetypes series. He said: “Meghan did misunderstand the Royal Family and that came through so much. “In the Royal Family, you have to carry out your duties. It’s not all about you.” Speaking of the fire, he added: “It sounds like it wasn’t a particularly serious incident and no one was harmed so it seemed natural not to let down the people.”     Mr Eden continued: “She gave that interview to Tom Bradby where she said no one ever asks how I’m doing and that’s what came across from the podcast. “It was about ambition, that was the key word in the podcast. “Meghan’s ambitions have been stifled in the Royal Family, but the Royal Family is not about personal ambition. “It is about duty and it is about sacrifice.” Read more: Meghan Markle 'conscious' that girls see her as 'real life princess  In an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby, the Duchess of Sussex was questioned on how she had coped with the intense media glare covering the South Africa tour. Meghan said: “Not many people have asked if I’m ok but it's a very real thing to be going through behind the scenes.” Asked if it had been a struggle to keep up with media engagements, the Duchess promptly replied: “Yes.” The details of the fire during the couple’s ten day tour had not been made public at the time of the interview with Mr Bradby. Don't miss: Queen issues 'deeply saddening' news as she carries on working [REVEAL]Give poor Harry and Meghan a break and let them live their lives WHALE [COMMENT]Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well' [INSIGHT]  During her podcast, Meghan told her guest, tennis star Serena Williams, that she had been left “shaken” by the fire in her son's room. Archie was reportedly not in the room at the time of the fire, which is believed to have been caused by a faulty heater, and escaped the incident unscathed. The Duchess said there had been a focus on “how it looks, instead of how it feels,” as the couple were discouraged from cancelling prearranged royal engagements. The fire and resulting pressure to keep up with press appearances during the South Africa tour has been suggested as one of the core triggers that prompted the Duke and Duchess to later formally step back from the Royal Family in 2020. Read next: Prince William echoes Princess Diana's 'loyalty to the Queen'Meghan Markle's royal break sparks 'lightbulb moment' for radio host Royal Family Live: Meghan fires fresh dig at monarchyMeghan Markle and Prince Harry unlikely to visit Queen during UK visitMeghan warned Mariah Carey won't let her talk about herself so much