The Duchess of Sussex said she is going back to social media after giving up her account on picture and video sharing platform Instagram in the run-up to her wedding with Prince Harry. In a new, lengthy interview, Meghan reveals "a secret" to her interviewer.  Reporting the conversation, journalist Allison P. Davies wrote in New York magazine The Cut: "In the lull in conversation, Meghan turns to me and leans forward to ask in a conspiratorial hush, 'Do you want to know a secret?' "Meghan, silenced no more, looks around, making sure nobody (who would be?) is listening in. "Then the top-secret drop: 'I’m getting back … on Instagram,' she says, her eyes alight and devilish." The Duchess amassed more than three million followers on the platform when she was an actress on Suits and lifestyle writer on her own blog The Tig. Reporting the conversation, journalist Allison P. Davies wrote in New York magazine The Cut: "In the lull in conversation, Meghan turns to me and leans forward to ask in a conspiratorial hush, 'Do you want to know a secret?' "Meghan, silenced no more, looks around, making sure nobody (who would be?) is listening in. "Then the top-secret drop: 'I’m getting back … on Instagram,' she says, her eyes alight and devilish." The Duchess amassed more than three million followers on the platform when she was an actress on Suits and lifestyle writer on her own blog The Tig. However, she shut down all her social media accounts before marrying Prince Harry in May 2018 and joining the Firm as one of its working members. After becoming the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan was one of the four royals represented by the Kensington Royal Instagram and Twitter accounts, alongside her husband and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. After the Sussexes and the Cambridges split their households in the spring of 2019, Meghan and Harry remained without an official Twitter account but opened Sussex Royal on Instagram, which became their main mean of communication directly with their fans. While the account hasn't been deactivated, Meghan and Harry stopped using it in March 2020, days before they bowed out of the Firm as its working members. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ letter predicting Diana's death kept secret for 6 yrs In October 2020, as she appeared at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Next Gen Summit, Meghan spoke about staying away from social media for her own "self-preservation". She said: "For my own self-preservation, I have not been on social media for a very long time. "I made a personal choice to not have any account, so I don’t know what’s out there, and in many ways, that’s helpful for me." As she teased about an Instagram return in her new interview, the Duchess said it was "a big adjustment" to give up her social media and many other things she was used to before joining the Firm. She said: "It was a big adjustment — a huge adjustment to go from that kind of autonomy to a different life." In her new interview, which also features Prince Harry and Archie Harrison, Meghan also recalled how her friendship with Tyler Perry began and how the Sussexes found their new home in Montecito. In this new piece, Meghan and Harry also discussed together how their first years as non-working royals have been. The Duke said: "I think we always knew the first few years of creating this new life from scratch were going to be the busiest." Meghan chimed in to say: "Well, it’s a start-up. We were building a business. During lockdown..." The Duchess, the interviewer wrote, was interrupted by Harry, who then said: "With everyone weighing in. If you do something, they criticise you. "If you don’t do anything, they criticise you anyway. It’s a lot, but..." Since leaving the Firm, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have moved into their new home in the star-studded neighbourhood of Santa Barbara, launched their organisation Archewell, continued their charitable work and signed deals to produce audio and video content for Spotify and Netflix. More than one year after the deal with the audio streaming platform was announced, Meghan released the first episode of her first-ever podcast series, Archetypes. The programme focuses on labels that try to hold women back and explores their meanings and use through conversations with experts and A-listers. Meghan first hosted tennis star Serena Williams in her podcast, who spoke about ambition and how it can take a negative connotation when used to describe a woman. The Duchess' next guest will be singer Mariah Carey, while the protagonists of the 10 other episodes are yet to be unveiled. 