Prince Harry, 37, travelled to Aspen, Colorado, to play alongside his teammate and friend, Nacho Figueras, on Thursday. They contested the Sentebale ISPS Handa Polo Cup, the largest annual charity event for the Duke’s charity, Sentebale. But before matches got underway, the Duke observed one minute of silence for a fellow polo player who had died earlier in the week, according to HELLO!. Chevy Beh, who was the CEO of healthcare app BookDoc, died at the age of 37. Mr Beh had planned to join the Royal Salute team in competing at the charity contest. The Duke of Sussex removed his hat as a mark of respect, the publication reported. The Duke of Sussex started up Sentebale in memory of his late mother, Princess Diana, to fundraise for communities in the African nation of Lesotho. Prince Harry described this year as a “critical time” for Sentebale, as “inequalities have been exacerbated by the pandemic”. He added he was "proud of the support we are able to give the young people of Lesotho and Botswana to feel empowered, healthy, resilient, and able to thrive”. He continued: "We are enormously grateful to our partners and supporters here today, especially our long-standing title sponsor, ISPS Handa, for making the day possible." Mr Figueras, who has long played alongside Prince Harry, hailed the duke as “competitive” and “solid”. READ MORE: Royal Family: Nothing ever enough! Meghan backlash The professional polo player told HELLO!: "He is loyal, and competitive, and he cares. “Our relationship has evolved over the years, and he doesn't seem to try to impress me." He described the "happy" family the Duke has built with his wife, Meghan Markle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex welcomed their first child, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, back in 2019. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [LIVE] Royal POLL: Will you be listening to Meghan Markle’s podcast series? [VOTE] Meghan Markle dragged into heated row as Duchess 'gets voice back' [ANALYSIS] The couple's youngest child, Lilibet Diana, was born in June 2021. Mr Figueras said: "I have known him for so long and he has always wanted someone to love and marry and have a family with, so it makes me so happy to see them happy and with two beautiful children." Mr Figueras himself is an ambassador for Sentebale, describing his personal experiences supporting Prince Harry's charity. He explained: "I have been to Lesotho several times and have seen the impact it has on these kids and how it gives them a better life. "So seeing that and being able to support one of my good friends for a cause close to his heart is wonderful." The charity's CEO, Richard Miller, commented: "We've raised over $10 million £(8.5 million) over the years, and to have Harry here is absolutely everything." He added: "He is always compassionate and there for us and having him here means we will raise more money as he is our star attraction."