The 30-year-old was killed by a car bomb on the outskirts of Moscow on Saturday evening. She was the daughter of the ultranationalist Russian political philosopher Aleksander Dugin. Many believe that Mr Dugin has been instrumental in shaping the Kremlin's narrative on Ukraine. The National Republican Army, a previously unknown organisation, has now claimed it carried out the bombing in a statement. Describing themselves as "partisans and fighters", they wrote: "We declare President Putin a usurper of power and a war criminal. "He has amended the Constitution and unleashed a fratricidal war between the Slavic peoples and sent Russian soldiers to certain and senseless death. "Poverty and coffins for some, palaces for others. "We believe that disenfranchised people have the right to rebel against tyrants. "Putin will be deposed and destroyed by us!' The rebels said their goal was to stop the destruction of Russia and its neighbours and to put an end to the pilfering of national wealth by Kremlin elites. They promised a campaign of terror against all state officials who continue to serve the Putin administration. They concluded: "We declare officials of the Government of the Russian Federation and regional administrations to be accomplices of the usurper. "Those who do not resist their powers will be destroyed by us." A former Russian MP and anti-Putin activist described the attack on Ms Dugina as a "momentous event". READ MORE: Vladimir Putin's ally left with head in hands as blast kills daughter Ilya Ponomarev told the TV channel February Morning: "This attack opens a new page in Russian resistance to Putinism. New – but not the last.” Russia has been rocked by a number of sabotage attacks around the country, particularly on its railway lines. The latest incidents targeted a railway section near Moscow and in the Kursk region last week. Unknown assailants planted around 200 grams of TNT on railway lines between Lgov and Lokinskaya in the Kursk region. The explosion blew up a section of the line, that predominately is used by freight trains. DON'T MISS Putin under pressure as 'discontent is growing' - no 'visible signs' [INSIGHT]Usyk fires shots at Putin and dedicates Joshua win to Ukraine [NEWS]Ukraine LIVE: Mystery over Kremlin ruse over 'Putin's Rasputin [SPOTLIGHT] The Kursk region borders Ukraine and has seen numerous sabotage attacks. Saboteurs also targeted a section of the railway near Moscow and succeeded in damaging equipment, as well as bringing rail traffic to a temporary halt. Alexey Golobutsky, a Ukrainian political expert, claimed the Moscow sabotage was almost certainly carried out by Russian partisans. He said: "The actions of the unknown are not similar to the work of the Ukrainian special services. "The most likely option is the activity of the Russian partisan movement, which is gaining momentum in the Russian Federation."