Nutritional deficiencies often develop inconspicuously, but catching them early is important to prevent further complications. Left untreated, they can have wide-reaching health implications including the development of goitres and cancer. An insufficiency in iodine, which is critical for the synthesis of thyroid hormones, could lead to cancer if managed inadequately. According to the Current Health Sciences Journal: “At a global scale, approximately two billion people suffer [from] iodine deficiency, of which 50 million present with clinical manifestations.” The nutrient is particularly abundant in food sources like: As many of these foods are staples in the Western diet, the deficiency is relatively uncommon in the UK. Iodine deficiency does, however, remain the most common cause of hypothyroidism around the world, as it is critical for the synthesis of thyroid hormones. READ MORE: How to live longer: Combining sports may be key to reducing death risk According to the NHS, a goitre is a lump or swelling at the front of the neck caused by a swollen thyroid. While the nodules tend to be harmless, some have malignant potential and should therefore be checked by a GP. What's more, when a goitre is cancerous, the malignancy is rarely apparent until the disease reaches the advanced stages. The National Institutes of Health states that the groups at greatest risk of a deficiency are: READ MORE: Bowel cancer: 'One phrase to remember’ to identify symptoms A goitre is often a sign of deficiency in iodine, but several other warning signs may point to the condition too. According to Temple Health, these may include: If a doctor suspects these symptoms signal an iodine insufficiency, they may conduct a physical examination and urine test, or a blood test. When a diagnosis is made, it is often followed by dietary or supplement recommendations, depending on the severity of the condition. Actions should be taken swiftly as iodine deficiency can prove problematic in various ways. The National Institutes of Health adds: “Iodine deficiency has multiple adverse effects on growth and development and is the most common cause of preventable intellectual disability in the world. “Iodine deficiency disorders result from inadequate thyroid hormone production secondary to insufficiency iodine. “During pregnancy and early infancy, iodine deficiency can cause irreversible effects.”