Elvis Presley died on August 16, 1977 after suffering a fatal heart attack on the toilet upstairs at Graceland when he was just 42. More than his entire lifetime has passed since then, but his nearest and dearest haven’t forgotten the star they knew so intimately. For 20 years, Elvis lived with his extended family at his Graceland mansion in Memphis, Tennessee. Not everyone knows, but The King was an identical twin. Tragically, Jesse Garon Presley was delivered stillborn 35 minutes before he was. Yet, later in life, the star would welcome stepbrothers into the famous mansion when his father Vernon married again after the death of his wife Gladys in 1958. He wed Dee Stanley, who had three sons called Bill, David and Rick. These boys would grow up next door to Graceland and be a part of the singer’s inner circle. In 1972, Elvis asked David to drop out of school and join his entourage, the Memphis Mafia, when he was just 16. He would go on to be one of The King’s bodyguards for the remaining five years of his short life. Last year, when paying tribute a day or so before August 16, he wrote in a post on Instagram: “Today I had my last conversation with Elvis. We spoke for just over an hour in his bedroom at Graceland. We talked about many things that night. When went to leave he stood up, hugged, and told me he loved me. ‘I love you to Elvis’ I said. I’ll never forget that moment.” READ MORE: Elvis movie four hour cut ‘in the works’ but on one condition Marking the 45th anniversary of Elvis’ death with a picture of them together and a caption of “I miss you brother”, David wrote a touching tribute this week. It read: “45 years ago today you left me Elvis. My life has never been the same. I miss you every day my big brother. I once served you, the king of rock and roll, but I know I will see you again for now I serve the King of Kings. I love you Elvis. Your brother David.” DON'T MISSElvis post-divorce Priscilla Presley visits ‘We were still in love’ [PRISCILLA]Elvis death 45th: Lisa Marie's touching final moment with The King [LISA MARIE]Elvis new doc ‘will tell the truth’ says 68 Comeback special director [ELVIS 68] Elvis’ funeral took place in Memphis two days later on August 18, 1977. David shared a post and photo from that sad day too, captioning it: “Me, my former wife Angie, and Linda Thompson at Elvis funeral. It was 45 years ago today. We loved him and stood by him to the end.”