Keanu Reeves, 57, made a bride a groom’s wedding day extra special when he made a surprise appearance at their reception venue. The couple, Nikki and James Roadnight, were celebrating their nuptials at The Fox and Hounds hotel in Charwelton, Northamptonshire, when Keanu turned up for “a few whiskies” on Wednesday night. After spotting him at the bar, James approached the Matrix star and asked whether he would like to join the wedding party.Much to his surprise, Keanu agreed and spent the evening chatting with partygoers and even enjoyed some dinner and drinks with them.Blushing bride Nikki told Newsweek: “He was very friendly and said he would [join us] later on. We didn't know if he would or not but it was cool that my husband had spoken to him!“He was so kind and friendly and congratulated us on our wedding. He was kind enough to do some pictures and our wedding photographer was able to capture some too. READ MORE:Engelbert Humperdinck opens up on wife's heartbreaking death “Then he took the time to speak to some of our guests and have more photos done.”It is understood that the Hollywood star happily mingled with punters and ate a vegetarian Caesar salad with falafel before washing it down with “quite a few double whiskies”.Landlord Danny Ricks said he had to do a "double take" when the film star arrived and sat down at a table with six other people.Danny said: "It was bizarre. I had to do a double take when he walked in as I couldn't quite believe my eyes. I thought 'that guy looks quite a lot like Keanu Reeves'. "He sat down with six other TV people, I couldn't really hear what they were discussing but it was all about filming and scripts."He was just a lovely, down to earth guy and was really nice to everyone. Everything nice you would think about him was all true.”Danny added that “nothing was too much” for Keanu and he was happy to “chat to everybody.The landlord continued: "It's not every day you get a Hollywood star walk into your pub. DON'T MISSHelen Skelton's ex shares exciting baby announcement with family pic[LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire[NEWS]Phillip Schofield in hospital after ‘pioneering and expensive’ surgery[UPDATE] “It made everyone's evening. He was such a top bloke and absolutely lovely."Keanu is believed to be staying in the area while he films a documentary about Formula One managing director Ross Brawn.The Disney+ documentary is said to focus on Brawn’s purchase of Honda and renaming it to Brawn GP in 2009.During this period, the team secured two championship victories. According to Variety, Keanu will host the documentary and it will feature interviews from Jenson Button, Rubens Barrichello and former Ferrari chairman Luca di Montezemolo.Keanu spoke about the documentary at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone back in July.He told reporters: “We want to tell that amazing remarkable story [of Brawn GP]. There is so much to talk about.“A friend of mine was telling me the story and I was so struck by it... he’s a producer/director and so we were like, well let’s tell that story, let’s try and tell that story.”