The BoE has got itself into an awful mess. We will all pay the price as inflation heads towards double digits, while the economy crashes due to higher borrowing costs.  The Bank’s monetary policy committee (MPC) has repeatedly hiked rates from a low of 0.1 percent in December. This is driving up borrowing costs for consumers and businesses, squeezing spending and slowing economic growth. Its policy reversal after years of near-zero rates has come too late and is likely to be ineffective. Today's raging inflation is driven by war in Ukraine, rocketing energy prices and supply shortages. Making borrowing more expensive will do nothing to change that. It will simply speed us into the next recession. The BoE knows that, too, but has to show markets that it is willing to be tough on inflation after being too soft last year.  Inflation makes everybody feel poorer. It erodes the value of our incomes and savings, and makes a trip to the shops more painful. It is particularly hard on pensioners living on fixed incomes, who see the price of everyday essentials like food and fuel climbing out of reach. Inflation was 9.4 percent in June but could hit 12 percent in October, when the energy price cap is increased again. Gas and electricity bills could hit £500 a month in January. But hiking interest rates will do nothing to improve the supply of cheap energy, and the BoE knows it. What they will do is make anybody who owes money, even poorer. Especially those on variable rate mortgages. It could also tip the economy into a brutal recession. READ MORE: Stealth tax shock - here are the taxes you didn't know you were paying  A technical recession happens when a country's GDP shrinks for two quarters in a row, so at least six months in total. Companies make fewer sales, profits fall and they lay off workers. This hits incomes and spending, triggering a vicious spiral. A prolonged recession can also cause long-term “scarring”, as people fall out of the jobs market and take years to get back to where they were, especially the young. It will also increase mortgage arrears and property repossessions, and may trigger a house price crash. The Bank of England has a choice of two poisons, both will inflict agonies on tens of millions of Britons. So which will it choose? DON'T MISS:GMB fans blast Madeley's ‘inappropriate’ comment to Alessia Russo [REVEAL]Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [INSIGHT]Man Utd have £31m Cristiano Ronaldo replacement they can get for free [LATEST]  We will find out today. If the MPC hikes by 0.5 percent, then it is drinking from the poison bottle marked recession, as it prioritises driving down prices over keeping the economy rolling along. If it increases by just 0.25 percent, it will have chosen inflation. Listen, neither option is good. Both will hurt like hell. The Bank of England does not merit any sympathy, as I wrote last week, because it is the architect of its own misfortune. Ordinary Britons are the ones paying the price, for its policy of keeping monetary policy and interest rates loose for too long, even as the inflation threat soared. Now here is my biggest worry. Instead of a choice of poisons, we are going to get both. That means inflation AND a recession, known as staglation. Thanks, BoE. 