Snooker legend Ronnie O'Sullivan has hailed Serena Williams as the "queen of tennis" as the 23-time Grand Slam winner prepares to walk away from the sport following her swansong at the US Open. Williams announced earlier this month that she is planning to "move on from playing tennis" following the US Open. In an article with Vogue, she explained: "I’m turning 41 this month, and something’s got to give. "I have never liked the word retirement. It doesn’t feel like a modern word to me. I’ve been thinking of this as a transition, but I want to be sensitive about how I use that word, which means something very specific and important to a community of people. "Maybe the best word to describe what I’m up to is evolution. But I’ve been reluctant to admit to myself or anyone else that I have to move on from playing tennis. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal and US Open stars discover huge sum raised for Ukraine "Alexis, my husband, and I have hardly talked about it; it’s like a taboo topic. I can’t even have this conversation with my mom and dad. It’s like it’s not real until you say it out loud. "It comes up, I get an uncomfortable lump in my throat, and I start to cry. The only person I’ve really gone there with is my therapist!" And O'Sullivan, who is a huge tennis fan, described Williams as "incredible" in a video message. "Hi Serena, I hope you're well, and yeah, I just want to say a massive congratulations on an unbelievable career," O'Sullivan said. DON'T MISSHow to watch US Open 2022 tennis on Prime Video for FREESerena Williams gets US Open approval for emotional last Venus team-upDaniil Medvedev gushes over 'legendary' Serena Williams at US Open "Unbelievable in the majors, incredible. I remember you winning your first one at the US Open, and from that day onwards, you just dominated and showed everyone why you are the queen of tennis, and in many ways, the queen of all sports. So yeah, I'm a massive fan ... brilliant career. "I hope you enjoy your retirement with your family, and yeah, just enjoy your life. Tennis is going to miss you; I'm certainly going to miss watching you play. You were amazing, incredible. So yeah, good luck with everything else you have got going on, and ciao for now."