 Piers Morgan, 57, took issue with Meghan Markle's claim that she would have been pursued by 40 photographers each day on the school run if she had continued to live in the UK. This claim was first disputed by Royal commentator Chris Ship who took to Twitter to insist that no photographers were allowed to snap her children going to school unless it was their first day, and that paparazzi etiquette was strictly controlled.    Meghan, who turned 41 last month, addressed her concerns for her children's privacy in a new interview, after inviting one of their journalists, Allison P Davis, along to pick up three-year-old son from Archie from his pre-school. The article explained how Meghan claimed the school pickup and drop-off wouldn't have been possible for her in the UK due to a "press pen of 40 people snapping pictures." Meghan said in the interview: "Sorry, I have a problem with that [scenario]. "That doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy. That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child," she told The Cut. READ NOW: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life However, ITV News Royal Editor Chris Ship had quickly taken to Twitter to dispute the allegations. "The only time cameras [are] allowed for school run is on the first day at school," he wrote in view of almost 129,000 followers. He added: "Only 2 cameras are permitted (one TV, one photo) who agree to share footage with other broadcasters and publications. "Is simply wrong for #meghan to claim there would be '40 people snapping pictures'."  Piers stepped in to allege to his 7.9 million followers: "Good to see a top ITV news journalist calling out Markle’s lies… just hope he still has his job by tomorrow." "Simple facts @piersmorgan," Chris immediately fired back, adding: "There are no cameras at the school run for George & Charlotte. "If there ever are, no UK publication buys them. On a first day at school, palace allows TWO cameras with school permission to film and then share with everyone #facts." "Yes I know. So Markle lied as she did to Oprah," Piers exclaimed, before adding: "Good to see you calling her out." DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST] Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  Meanwhile, Express.co.uk's royal correspondent, Richard Palmer, also had a say on the debate. “I’m afraid Meghan is a fantasist if she believes this would be a daily occurrence in the UK, where the @ipsonews code has strict rules about treatment of children in education," he tweeted. Meanwhile, referring to the publication the interview was in, The Cut, @ajw9716 joked: "Think there is a letter missing in the title of the magazine." “I’m afraid Meghan is a fantasist if she believes this would be a daily occurrence in the UK, where the @ipsonews code has strict rules about treatment of children in education," he tweeted. However, not everyone was on Piers' side of the debate, with some arguing that it was soaring energy bills and the "billions" it was costing to finance the Royal Family that they remained more concerned about. @robertmiligton admonished Piers with the words: "Your obsession [with Meghan] is quite frankly a bit odd." Meanwhile, @ginthesquire told him it was "sad" to "spend your whole life bullying someone". Meghan has previously spoken of her concerns about paparazzi intrusion. The photo agency X17, which says it prides itself on providing the public with "Hollywood's hottest photos", agreed to destroy photos that were taken of hers and Harry's son, Archie, playing in a garden back in 2019. "I think everyone has a basic right to privacy," Meghan stated on Oprahmag.com, adding: "We're not talking about anything that anybody else wouldn't expect." She confirmed she wants to share only what she feels "comfortable" with, continuing: "There's no one who's on Instagram or social media that would say, 'Because I shared this one picture, that entitles you to have my entire camera roll.'" Meghan has also previously spoken out on freedom of speech concerns, and when Oprah Winfrey asked in her TV interview whether she had stayed silent, or been silenced, she replied adamantly: "The latter. "Everyone in my world was given a very clear directive from the moment the world knew Harry and I were dating to always say: 'No comment.'" Detailing her experiences in the royal family further, she claimed: "Just by existing, we were upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy. "So we go, 'Okay, fine, let's get out of here. Happy to!'"  Express.co.uk has contacted Meghan's representatives for comment. 