Those looking to accentuate small rooms, it may be tempting to look towards space-stretching paint colours, creating visual illusions with mirrors or hanging light-enhancing window treatments to create the illusion of space. However, while these tricks are undeniably important, the items you keep in your room are equally as impactful. Though these things are not always large pieces of furniture. Instead, they can be as small (but nonetheless significant) as wooden coat hangers or card game packaging. So, for those looking to make a small living room look bigger, make a small bedroom look bigger or even make a small kitchen look bigger, the solution to space could be unbelievably simple. Sarah Schier from the Los Angeles-based luxury home company Beautiful Life Creative Organising knows precisely how to decorate small spaces. Here's what she keeps away from her home. Considering organising a wardrobe this weekend? Try this space-stretching idea. While removing wooden hangers may seem relative, Sarah suggests that it is a surprisingly impactful (and refreshingly easy) way to create a sense of space. READ MORE: ‘Most common’ reasons house sales ‘fall through’ - how to ‘avoid’ She said: “A quick way to create more space in your closet is to remove those thick wooden hangers and switch them out for the thin velvet slim hangers. “You'll be amazed at how easy it is to gain space you thought you didn't have.” What are show-legs? These are the legs on furniture that you can see as part of the design, rather than legs hidden beneath upholstery or pieces that sit directly on the floor, for example. The expert cautioned: “When designing a small space, avoid big, heavy pieces that take up all that valuable floor space.” DON'T MISS: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [EXPERT]Most 'effective' way to clean windows and patio doors in seconds [TIPS] Instead, when choosing furniture, she recommends investing in a piece where you can see the legs, and beneath them. This will give the space a “sense of airiness” that allows more light in. Sarah added: “[Rather than choosing] a sofa or big overstuffed chair that sits directly on the floor, choose something that has legs, lifting it off the ground. “This doesn't just go for living rooms; apply this theory to furniture in any other room, from the bedroom to the bathroom, to make it feel larger.” READ MORE: Gregg Wallace’s quiet life with wife at their £1million Kent mansion The art of decanting may be a regular practice for those who are into organising their cupboards. However, Sarah suggests following this method in places beyond cupboards, including your kitchen, where you may come across lots of bulky food packaging. She explained: “Decanting your food into clear containers and removing those individually packaged snacks from their original box/bag has so many benefits, one of which is that it creates more space in your pantry or cabinets. “By emptying ingredients like flour, sugar, pasta, and cereal into air-tight canisters, you can arrange them on your shelves much more efficiently than trying to pile them on top of each other.” Plus, for extra ease, the expert also suggests using clear bins to store the individually wrapped snacks, so they are easy to grab when you're in a rush. While the world of small kitchens can often feel tricky to navigate, organiser Elle Penner from Modern Minimalis suggests homeowners can transform their space with one quick change. She said: “Small kitchen appliances are a huge source of counter clutter, making a small kitchen look and feel even smaller. “Start by getting rid of any duplicate or broken appliances. Then put everything else away that you don’t use daily. Elle recommends starting with stand mixers, blenders, and food processors – suggesting they are better in the cupboard where possible. She said: “Even if you use some appliances a few times a week, the extra space you’ll create is well worth the few seconds it takes to retrieve them and put them back.”