Manchester United have four reasons why they may pursue Ruben Neves as an alternative to Frenkie de Jong, reports say. De Jong has been the Red Devils' top midfield target this summer but a deal doesn't appear to be any closer. A fee has been agreed between United and Barcelona for some time. However, Dutchman De Jong is desperate to stay at the Nou Camp and does not want to move to Old Trafford. Neves has long been linked with United and could be looked at as an alternative to De Jong. Interest in the Wolves star dates back to at least last summer. And Sky Sports reporter Melissa Reddy claims there are four reasons why the 25-year-old may be United's chosen plan B. She says his style, passing ability, goal threat and ability to control a game is what attracts United to him. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd six deals, Chelsea's Barca revenge, Arsenal's next Henry  Reddy said: "We know Frenkie de Jong has been Manchester United's priority target, but with the deal dragging on, alternatives will come into play and one of the names we know they have looked at and have been interested in is Ruben Neves of Wolves. "There is a long-standing interest from the Old Trafford club because of his stylistic profile, incredible passing range, a threat in terms of goalscoring and he controls the tempo really well - all the things you want in an anchor in a progressive side." A deal for the Portugal international won't come cheap though as Wolves are keen to keep the player. United are still holding out confidence that De Jong will end up joining them before the summer window shuts. Reddy added: "We know Wolves value him upwards of £60m. They wouldn't want to lose him necessarily, but United have to start considering the fact the longer the De Jong saga drags on with no resolution between him and Barcelona, what else can be done? DON'T MISSTottenham have Zaniolo swap possibility after AC Milan pull plug on two dealsLeeds 'submit £17m offer' for Newcastle target after Terrier concerns emergeCucurella to Chelsea doubt emerges after Blues agree terms for £50m man  "From United's end though, they remain quite confident in their agreement with Barcelona for De Jong and are quite confident that the player does indeed want to join them." Barca president Joan Laporta has been contradictory over the future of De Jong throughout the summer. Only last week did he claim he was keen for him to stay. Laporta said: "The first thing to say is we want Frenkie to stay at Barcelona. We love the player and him as a human being. "I want him to stay at Barcelona. He's a high-quality player and a good guy. I also know that he wants to stay."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt