The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not yet publicly congratulated England's female football team after the Lionesses gained their first Women's Euro title. Prince Harry and Meghan have been living in California since late March 2020, moving across the pond shortly before officially bowing out of the Royal Family as its senior members. Nevertheless, despite reports of a strained relationship with the Firm, they retain their links to England through their titles of Duke and Duchess of Sussex and their residence in Windsor, Frogmore Cottage. While Prince Harry is known to be a keen rugby and polo fan, he is also believed to enjoy football and, during a royal engagement in February 2017, he reportedly said he was an Arsenal fan. Meghan, who is a keen feminist, has never publicly spoken about football, which is not top of the list among the sports favoured by Americans. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's silence clashed with the celebratory messages issued by the Queen, Clarence House and Kensington Palace. Her Majesty marked the first victory of England at the Women's Euro tournament since it was launched in 1982 by penning a personal statement in which she offered her "warmest congratulations". Stressing how important the Lionesses' triumph is for young girls and women up and down the country, the Queen added: "It is a significant achievement for the entire team, including your support staff. "The Championships and your performance in them have rightly won praise. "However, your success goes far beyond the trophy you have so deservedly earned. READ MORE: 'We know what’s been going on' Netflix urged to pull plug on Sussexes "You have all set an example that will be an inspiration for girls and women today, and for future generations. "It is my hope that you will be as proud of the impact you have had on your sport as you are of the result today." Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, expressed their pride for the extraordinary team through a tweet released yesterday evening, reading: "Congratulations to the victorious Lionesses! "Your teamwork, determination and sportsmanship will inspire a generation. You have made us all proud." However, Prince William has been the most vocal senior royal in expressing his support for the team ahead of the final and joy following the victory. Shortly after the Lionesses raised the Euro trophy, the Duke of Cambridge signed off a message on Twitter with a W which read: "Sensational. An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. "Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations! W" Kate and William's Twitter account also shared a message by the Lionesses reading: "We have done it". Retweetting it, the royals added: "Yes you have and you've inspired a nation too." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge appear to still be riding high on emotions following the historic victory this morning. After retweeting another message by the Lionesses' official account, which said 17.4 million people had watched the game against Germany on TV, Kate and William wrote: "What a night! Just brilliant". Hours prior to the game, which was won 2 - 1 by the Lionesses thanks to goals scored against Germany by Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly, Prince William had also shared a special video message featuring himself and his daughter Princess Charlotte. In the clip, the adorable seven-year-old said: "Good luck, I hope you win!" William had spoken to the Lionesses about his daughter being a fan of the team as he joined one of their training sessions in June. He told the players at the time: "Charlotte wanted me to tell you that she is really good at goal. "She said, 'Please tell them that.' She is a budding star for the future." The Duke was able to celebrate the victory in person yesterday evening as he headed to Wembley Stadium as president of the Football Association.