Former politician Gyles Brandreth and journalist Camilla Tominey discussed Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's lucrative deals with Spotify and Netflix on Wednesday's instalment of This Morning. During the debate, Gyles told ITV viewers the Duchess is "just an interesting actress" without Harry by her side.  As the discussion got underway Camilla said: "They have contracts to fulfil, Netflix and Spotify want the couple to remain relevant and in the headlines. "Is it because they are totally disgruntled and feel they have to get this out as a global therapy session?" She claimed people wonder why the Sussexes are "banging on about" the Royal Family two years on from stepping down as senior royals. Hosts Vernon Kay and Rochelle Humes asked whether Harry and Meghan's contracts with the streaming giants would see the pair discuss the Royal Family and "what goes on behind closed doors". READ MORE: Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview Gyles cut in and brutally told them: "The only reason we are talking about this is because Meghan married the grandson of the Queen. "The only reason she is getting global coverage is because of that - because she became the Duchess of Sussex. "Otherwise, she is what she is, which is an interesting actress who has appeared in a Canadian TV series. "That's what gives her the global cache, so inevitably she's got to sprinkle [someone in her interviews] as someone always pops their head around the door and says, 'Hi' and that's Harry."  Gyles was referring to the first episode of Meghan's new podcast, Archetypes, where her husband joined her and tennis ace Serena Williams as they were recording to say hello. Camilla appeared to defend Meghan later in the debate by saying people always assume the Duchess is the "soul catalyst" of moving to America with Harry. "I think she gave him that rocket fuel but I think they became increasingly disgruntled after their wedding because some negative stories started appearing about their alleged behaviour towards staff," she added. "And then there was this breakdown between the Cambridges and the Sussexes because they are sharing staff." DON'T MISS...Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast [EXPLAINER]Meghan's latest interview 'overshadowing' poignant royal anniversary [UPDATE]Royal Family 'extremely concerned' as Meghan issues threat [LATEST] "It continued and escalated," she explained. "The next thing which happened was the Megxit statement, so I would say it was a slow build." Meghan has made global headlines in recent weeks following the release of her new podcast. In the latest episode, she interviewed singing legend Mariah Carey and the pair discussed their mixed-race identities. Meghan told Mariah: “You came onto the scene [and I thought], 'Oh my gosh, someone kind of looks like me.'”   The Duchess also said: "If there’s any time in my life that it’s been more focused on my race, it’s only once I dated my husband. Rochelle explained how the term had two different meanings in the US and the UK and there could have been a misinterpretation. This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV.  