Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is growing ‘frustrated’ about how his side are no closer to securing the signature of Ajax winger Antony. The Red Devils are desperate to sign a forward before the transfer window closes but are struggling to bolster their ranks. With Cristiano Ronaldo still pleading to leave the club, acquiring the services of a top striker has quickly become a priority at Old Trafford – regardless of if the five-time Ballon d’Or winner stays or departs. Antony was cited as the top priority at United, but Ajax are reluctant to sell. The Eredivisie outfit have already lost several key assets over the past few months – including Lisandro Martinez to United – and therefore in no hurry, nor need, to sell anymore. Ajax have therefore slapped a £70m price tag on Antony to fend off any interest and ensure that the Brazilian will be their player this season. But this is much to the annoyance of Ten Hag, according to The Telegraph. They report that the Dutchman is ‘frustrated’ by the talks with his former side and how there has been ‘absolutely no progress’ on the deal. United also do not intend to match Ajax’s asking price for the 22-year-old. JUST IN: Man Utd and Chelsea to learn De Jong transfer fate 'this week' The Red Devils did recently turn their attention elsewhere, having a bid rejected for Marko Arnautovic of Bologna. However, before the club had time to submit an improved offer, they decided to withdraw from negotiations with the Serie A outfit and cool their interest. Arnautovic has been punished by UEFA previously for using an anti-Albania slur, as well as being accused of racism in his earlier career. Many United fans emailed the club and some went as far as contacting chief executive Richard Arnold directly to voice their concerns about the potential move.  With Antony out of reach and now Arnautovic an unfavourable option, United now must turn their attention to alternatives that would be willing to make the move to The Theatre of Dreams promptly. The club have not enjoyed the smoothest of transfer windows due to the separate sagas regarding Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong of Barcelona, who does not want to leave the La Liga side despite an agreement for his transfer being agreed between the clubs. PSV star Cody Gakpo is the next name to emerge as a transfer target of United’s, with his versatility across the frontline an attractive prospect for Ten Hag. He scored 12 and assisted 13 in 27 Eredivisie outfit last season and could be available for a fee in the region of £35m, which is certainly not out of the reach of United.