The Duke and Duchess’ residence Kensington Palace announced on Monday that the Cambridge family will be moving to Windsor by September. The family will settle into their new home on the Windsor estate ahead of the new school year which will see Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, join a new school. The young royals will be attending Lambrook school near Ascot, Berkshire, which is a co-educational private school. The school boasts 52 acres of land and a large number of extracurricular activities including golf, scuba diving club and polo. It is a prep school for both boys and girls between the ages of three and 13. The Kensington Palace said: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have today announced that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will attend Lambrook School in Berkshire from September 2022. “Their Royal Highnesses are hugely grateful to Thomas’s Battersea where George and Charlotte have had a happy start to their education since 2017 and 2019 respectively and are pleased to have found a school for all three of their children which shares a similar ethos and values to Thomas’s.” The change in schools to Lambrook follows in the footsteps of the children’s ancestors who also attended the school in the 1870s. Prince Christian Victor and Prince Albert of Schleswig-Holstein, two of Queen Victoria’s grandsons also attended Lambrook. It is said that Her Majesty Queen Victoria even attended some of their cricket matches at the school. READ MORE: POLL: Should the BBC be defunded? The Palace also announced that the Cambridges will be moving into the four-bedroom Adelaide Cottage before the school year commences. It is hoped that the move to Windsor will give the three children “the most normal start possible”, according to a royal source. The move will see the children away from the bustle of London and in a more private and secluded area where they have more freedom to play outside. DON'T MISS: Ex-pats return to UK to find woman in their home who 'won't leave' (INSIGHT)Mum 'in tears' as neighbour row cuts off her back garden access (REVEAL)Joe Biden warned he 'cannot salvage' midterms (POLL) It will also see Prince William and his family just a 10 minute walk away from the Queen’s offices at Windsor which is now her main residence. They will also be much closer to Kate’s parents, Carole and Michael Middleton who live 45 minutes away. The headmaster of Lambrook School, Jonathan Perry said: “We are delighted that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will be joining us this coming September and very much look forward to welcoming the family, as well as all of our new pupils, to our school community.”