Pippa, the younger sister of Kate Middleton, has recently bought a 30-room Georgian mansion in Berkshire with husband James Matthews. It comes as the pair sold their Chelsea pad for £5.5million more than James initially bought it for in 2014.  The townhouse, comprising five floors, features six en-suites, a gym, underground cinema and a staff room. The new Georgian mansion is near to where Pippa, 38, and her sister the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, grew up in Bucklebury. Pippa and James, a hedge fund manager, have just welcomed their third child Rose who was born last month. Pippa first met James in 2007 during a visit to St Barts where the pair both stayed at luxury hotel Eden Rock.   The pair got married on May 20, 2017 with Prince George and Princess Charlotte as part of the bridal party. Pippa and James now share three children – Arthur, three, Grace, one, and Rose, who is one month old. Their new home in Berkshire is just a 20-minute drive from her parents Michael and Carole Middleton’s home. The sale is said to have been carried out privately.  READ MORE: Meghan wedding struggle 'after rude' to aide  As well as the 30 rooms, there is plenty of outdoor space for the children to roam, with 150 acres of grounds that lead down to a river. A local told the Daily Mail: “It’s a far more impressive property than any of those on the Windsor estate, apart from the castle.” A removals lorry was seen outside the couple’s home in West London this week as the family prepare for the move. James’s father, David Matthews, is Laird of Glen Affric, a 10,000-acre estate in Scotland.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry risk 'moment of reckoning' unless they fix royal rift [COMMENT]Archie Battersbee's parents to 'fight' for son's 'final moments' [BREAKING]Archie Battersbee life-support withdrawal DELAYED [INSIGHT] His parents also own the Eden Rock resort on the island of St Barts in the Caribbean. James, whose brother is reality television star Spencer Matthews, is a former professional racing driver. The new home is the subject of a multi-million-pound restoration by its previous owner. 