Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy are said to be spear-heading a new venture that will see the globe’s best players compete in a stadium environment according to Golfweek. The events are said to be in partnership with the PGA Tour, as it looks to evolve in its battle with LIV Golf. The new idea is set to consist of one day, non-green grass events held in stadiums, that will coincide with the PGA Tour schedule. The report suggests that the stadium series will launch in 2024, and run from January to March, before a finale series finale. Woods and McIlroy are said to have begun working on the project two years ago, with details shared to those who attended the player-only meeting at last week’s BMW Championship. The Golfweek report also suggests that NBC has the option to be the broadcaster of the venture. Further details on the project could well be released by PGA Tour boss Jay Monahan at this week’s season finale at the Tour Championship in Atlanta. The new venture could be yet another piece of armour in the Tour’s war against Greg Norman’s Saudi-backed LIV series. READ MORE: Tiger Woods makes the comeback all golf fans wanted as huge announcement made  Both Woods and McIlroy have openly shown their support for the PGA Tour in their opposition of the breakaway series, and the former jetted across to Delaware for last week’s player-only meeting despite not competing to keep his fellow players on side. Within the meeting it was reported by The Firepit Collective that the PGA Tour has put plans together to form 18 no-cut tournaments, involving 60 players who would compete for £17 million in response to the threat from LIV. Following the meeting McIlroy spoke highly of the 82-time PGA Tour champion, labelling Woods a ‘hero’ following his intervention at last week’s player meeting. Discussing Woods’ decision to fly into the meeting, the Northern Irishman said: “I think it shows how much he cares about the Tour. DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods shows extent of injury struggle with awkward limp to LIV golf crunch talks  “I think it shows how much he cares about the players that are coming through and are going to be the next generation.” McIlroy went on: “Like it or not, they can't really sell Tiger Woods any more. The Tour had an easy job for 20 years. They don't have Tiger - yes, they've got a bunch of us and we're all great players, but we're not Tiger Woods. “We're moving into a different era, and we just have to think about things a little differently.He is the hero that we've all looked up to. His voice carries further than anyone else's in the game of golf. His role is navigating us to a place where we all think we should be. I think it's pretty apparent that whenever we all get in the room there's an alpha in there, and it's not me.” 