Charles may be a familiar face to BBC viewers as he regularly appears on Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip. However, when he's not busy filming, he runs his own auction room called Hansons Auctioneers. The expert sees a number of rare and unique items coming in to be sold, but one he was not expecting, was a 19th-century vampire slaying kit. The item went under the hammer earlier this year, and it was estimated to make between £2,000 to £3,000. However, there was a bidding war, and the vampire slaying kit ended up making six times its estimate. In the end, a private UK bidder paid £13,000 for the unique find. “Interest in this item ahead of auction, both from potential buyers and media outlets all over the world, was intense," Charles from Hansons Auctioneers explained. READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement "It attracted strong advance bids. Nevertheless, the result exceeded all expectations. "Bids came in from across the globe including France, America and Canada – and the news story about the find went viral. “It made headlines galore as far afield as Australia and America. "Objects like this fascinate both collectors and people in general – and this vampire kit had particularly interesting provenance." The Bargain Hunt expert went on to discuss who the objects belonged to, adding: "It originally belonged to Lord Hailey, a British peer and former administrator of British India." He explained he wasn't sure why the Lord owned the items, but it could have been due to "fear or fascination". The items that were sold at auction were all stamped with Lord Hailey's initials, and it even contained his name and address. The lockable box contained tools and holy objects to ward off vampires. DON'T MISS...Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ real reason Spider returned [REACTION]Jane McDonald opens up on 'personal journey' in family admission [VIDEO] It also featured two brass crucifixes on the lid which act as a sliding secret locking device. Inside the box,  were more crucifixes, a matching pair of pistols, a brass powder flask, holy water, a Gothic Bible, wooden mallet, stake, brass candlesticks, rosary beads and Metropolitan police paperwork from the period. The Derbyshire owner of the vampire slaying kit, who did not wish to be named, told Hansons Auctioneers, that they were "stunned" by the outcome of the auction. They explained they were initially fascinated by the items after coming across them in Southwell, Nottinghamshire. Speaking about where Charles likes to look for unique antiques, the expert said: "Every fair has something to offer, but I particularly enjoy Kedleston Hall Antiques in the Park which is close to home. but I also love to visit the bigger fairs in the south, including Ardingly, and also the fairs in Shropshire and Wales because the scenery is so beautiful." The vampire slaying kit, lot 174, was sold in Hansons Auctioneers’ Fine Art Auction at Etwall Auction Centre, Derbyshire. Bargain Hunt is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.