Working with the charity Colon Cancer Concern (CCC) at the time, in order to portray a realistic storyline, the 72-year-old actress shared that her eyes were opened to the “alarming facts” about bowel cancer. Bowel Cancer UK explains that currently bowel cancer is the fourth most common cancer in the UK with more than 16,500 people losing their lives to the condition in the UK every year alone. Despite Diane’s cancer storyline airing a few years ago, the lessons learnt from the dramatic storyline still reign true. At the time, campaigners working alongside the Emmerdale team hoped the show would help to increase the profile of the taboo disease. With people often too embarrassed to go to their doctor with symptoms which could help catch the disease early enough to be treated successfully, researchers, scriptwriters and producers tried to ensure that the issue was handled accurately and sensitively on primetime TV. Speaking about her role within the storyline at the time, Estensen said: “My eyes have been opened to some alarming facts about bowel cancer; that it claims a life every 30 minutes, that one in five people are diagnosed too late because they don't act upon their symptoms, and that the disease is highly treatable when diagnosed early. “I hope that the storyline will contribute to raising awareness of a disease that we don't like to talk about, yet must."  READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may start to notice when waking up in the morning  The term bowel cancer refers generally to the type of cancer that begins in the large bowel. Depending on where this starts it can also be referred to as colon or rectal cancer. As one of the most common types of cancer diagnosed in the UK, it is important for individuals to be aware of the three main symptoms of bowel cancer. This includes: Although these symptoms can be caused by other conditions such as haemorrhoids or something an individual has eaten, the NHS recommends that if individuals experience any of the above to get checked by a medical professional. These symptoms should be taken more seriously as individuals get older and when they persist despite simple treatments. This is because almost nine out of 10 people with bowel cancer are over the age of 60.  The particular cause of bowel cancer remains unknown, but there are some specific risk factors that have been identified. Some of these are things that individuals cannot do anything about like genetics, but others are changeable such as lifestyle habits. Other risk factors include: Attending a bowel cancer screening is one of the best ways in which bowel cancer can be diagnosed at an early stage, before it causes symptoms. For those with a family history of the condition, they may need a bowel screening at an earlier age. For the screening test, you use a home test kit to collect a small sample of poo and send it to a lab. This is checked for tiny amounts of blood. Blood can be a sign of polyps or bowel cancer. Polyps are growths in the bowel that may turn into cancer over time.  Once diagnosed, bowel cancer treatment can involve a combination of different methods, depending on where the cancer is in the bowel and how far it has spread. Typically, the main treatments are: The NHS notes that as with most types of cancer, the chance of a complete cure depends on how far it's spread by the time it is diagnosed. If the cancer is confined to the bowel, surgery is usually able to completely remove it. In addition, scientists believe around half (54 percent) of all bowel cancers could be prevented by having a healthier lifestyle. This can involve: 