Former Formula 1 world champion Nigel Mansell admitted he is impressed by the performances of George Russell after the Brit moved to Mercedes ahead of the 2022 season. The 24-year-old has gained plenty of admirers this season and even secured pole position at the Hungarian Grand Prix last time out. Hamilton’s attempt to bounce back from his 2021 championship heartbreak with another title challenge was derailed by the Silver Arrows’ earlier struggles, primarily with porpoising. The octuple world champions had struggled with severe bouncing as their cars have been rattling uncontrollably following the new regulations and car designs implemented for the 2022 season, rendering Mercedes uncompetitive when it comes to fighting for wins. However, seven-time world champion Hamilton has found form recently, reaching five successive podiums. Both Hamilton and teammate Russell have reached the podium at the last two races while the 37-year-old achieved his second successive P2 finish last time out at the Hungaroring. Russell has impressed in his own right, snatching a maiden career pole position in Hungary. The former Williams star is currently fourth in the Drivers’ Standings while Hamilton is fifth with 146 points. READ MORE: F1 driver Perry McCarthy praises charity's 'fantastic' car collection As a result of the standings, Mansell believes Hamilton is yet to give 100 percent in 2022. Speaking to Adrian Flux, Mansell said: “I like both George Russell and Lando Norris. “I think the opportunity that George has cast on the fact that Lewis hasn’t decided to dust off his right foot yet. I think he’s taking it easy.” Mansell praised British duo Russell and Norris for their fine performances to start the campaign. He added: “He [Russell] is doing a great job and I think Lando when the car is performing, he’s put some great results in.” DON'T MISSChristian Horner in sly jab at Lewis Hamilton and MercedesWolff's emphatic response to rumours Mercedes want to replace HamiltonWolff explains view on FIA reforms after Verstappen title controversy Mansell’s comments point to how impressive Brits have been this season. His comment will frustrate Hamilton given his recent run of form, but it is perhaps fair given Mercedes and the Brit were eyeing a championship push after the title heartbreak against Max Verstappen. On the track, Hamilton has struggled to replicate the success he is accustomed to and currently sits in sixth position in the Drivers’ Championship, 112 points behind leader and rival Max Verstappen. In fact, Hamilton could contest an F1 season without securing a win for the first time in his career. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 28 after the four-week summer break.