But the average adult admits to changing their mind twice per decision – with more than one in ten (11 percent) doing so five or more times. Deciding what TV show or film to watch was found to be the most difficult daily decision to make for 37 percent, followed closely by what to have to eat (37 percent), what to wear (29 percent), and whether to buy something new (27 percent). More than two-thirds (68 percent) find it hard to make or stick to a decision, with 36 percent turning to their spouse to help them out, while 30 percent turn to their parents, and one in four (24 percent) rely on friends for support. Andreas Michaelides, Ph.D., chief of psychology at Noom, which commissioned the research, said: “Decisions can be hard to make, and even once we’ve made them, sometimes they can be hard to follow through on. “It takes a variety of factors, like motivation, support, and proximity to existing habits, to help build new, unconscious habits. “But once you’ve established something as an ordinary habit, it becomes much easier to maintain.” The study also found 63 percent think some decisions are easier to stick to than others – with 66 percent admitting they change their mind about whether or not to exercise at least once a day. And nearly two in five (38 percent) claimed they spend more time deciding what to eat than where to go on holiday. Three-quarters (76 percent) will chop and change what they are going to have for lunch or dinner, while 80 percent will struggle to settle on what to watch on TV. And 24 percent spend more time deliberating smaller, everyday decisions, compared to the bigger and more significant ones such as buying a house. But a quarter of respondents (25 percent) admit they always or often make decisions they regret – with unhealthy food choices (31 percent), not exercising (26 percent), and not prioritising self-care (28 percent) being at the top of the regrets list. Having an extra biscuit or snack, going to bed late, and drinking one too many on a night out, are also among the choices people wish they had done differently. More than four in ten (41 percent) also admitted to being guilty of making impulsive decisions. Internal and external factors such as feeling tired (35 percent) or stressed (34 percent), and the weather (32 percent), can all impact our health and diet decisions. Of those polled, via OnePoll, 44 percent look for people with similar past experiences when it comes to finding a confidant to help them make a decision, while 41 percent respectively look for trustworthiness or wisdom. And when turning to others for help on making a decision, 41 percent do so because it helps validate their decision, and 39 percent said it helps to keep them on track and hold them accountable. Andreas Michaelides added: “Whilst it is not uncommon to regret some decisions, we found that nearly one in ten Brits are not confident in the decisions they make. “Science has shown that regret and guilt can sometimes be unhelpful emotions, making us feel bad for our decisions and about ourselves. “This can then lead to us making more regretful decisions – becoming a vicious cycle. “Learning how to let these feelings go so you can focus on the goals you want to achieve is critical to making lasting behaviour changes.” TOP 20 MOST DIFFICULT EVERYDAY DECISIONS TO MAKE: Noom's Andreas Michaelides' advice on how to make informed decisions and stick to them: