Lucy Alexander is one proud mum as her son Leo, 17, has signed his first professional football contract. The Homes Under the Hammer star revealed she thought lots of her fans would unfollow her for posting a sports update - but said wasn’t bothered. Lucy, 52, shared a photo of Leo, wearing a suit, signing his contract in front of two football shirts. “A very proud moment for me & my family this weekend,” she wrote, in view of her 59.3 Instagram followers. “My son Leo turned 17 and signed his first pro contract with @chelseafc… “Congratulations son, continue with all the hard work & keep following your dreams. We love you”. Lucy continued: “I know most of my followers are not ‘blues’ fans & I’m expecting lots of ‘unfollows’ but I don’t care… “as this just needs to be on my grid as it’s not everyday you can celebrate this & well it’s only Instagram init fgs… “Meant only with proud mum-ness obvs (sic),” the presenter signed off. She might have feared her followers wouldn’t care - but if the comment section was anything to go by, they were incredibly supportive. This Morning star Ruth Langsford commented: “What an amazing achievement! Congratulations @leo.castledine”. Tamzin Outhwaite added: “Brilliant news!!! Massive congratulations to Leo!!!” Kate Thornton gushed: “What an incredible achievement- congratulations all, especially @leo.castledine - The world is your oyster”. Leo is Lucy’s son with her husband, ex-Wimbledon forward Stewart Castledine. DON'T MISS...Frank Sinatra’s heartbreaking last words to wife on death bed [INSIGHT] Michelle Keegan's move means Mark Wright is 'in same bed every night' [EXCLUSIVE] 'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise [LATEST] The teen started his career in his father’s footsteps, joining the League One side aged just seven. After seven years at Wimbledon, he joined Chelsea in 2020, playing in the UEFA Youth League. Announcing the news at the time, Leo wrote: “Very excited to say that I have signed for @chelseafc today. "My time at @afc_wimbledon was amazing and I can't thank them enough, however, it's time for a new chapter. #cfc #chelseafc." Back in 2016, Lucy quit Homes Under the Hammer after 13 years at the helm. The star revealed it was “time for a change” as she was replaced by Martel Maxwell, who now hosts alongside Martin Roberts. Lucy had tweeted: “It’s with s huge heavy heart I’m stepping down, it’s not the outcome I wanted but to pursue other work and a commercial deal I had to leave (sic). “I will miss my TV husband @TVMartinRoberts hugely we have had 13 happy years together! ? time to move on though.”