The Duchess of York paid £5million for the mews home, which was owned by the wealthy Duke of Westminster, who is Prince George’s godfather. Sources said Prince Andrew’s ex-wife saw the swanky pad as “a long-term investment for daughters Princess Beatrice and Eugenie”, according to The Sun.  They said: “This is a beautiful home - it’s not huge, but it’s picturesque and in one of the very smartest areas of London. "It had previously been a couple of flats but has been converted to a single property. “If the girls are going to inherit it at some stage they’re extremely lucky."It’s a short walk from the best bars and restaurants in the city, beautiful parks and other hot spots.  “But God knows where the money has come from - everyone thought they were totally skint.” Sarah’s representatives confirmed the purchase of the property, but did not discuss details. While, a spokeswoman said Andrew had not been personally involved in the purchase.  READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie keen to avoid 'embarrassing' Royal Family Princess Eugenie currently lives in Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s former Frogmore Cottage with her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August. The 32-year-old and her family will also relocate to Portugal after Mr Brooksbank landed a job with a business partner of George Clooney. While, Beatrice recently left her London home in St James’ Palace to relocate to the Cotswolds, where her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi's parents live. The Mayfair property is understood to be the only property the York family own in London.  DON'T MISS Poll results: Beatrice and Eugenie urged against Andrew’s royal return [RESULTS]Princess Eugenie and Beatrice's 'contrasting personalities' [INFO]Inside the Queen Mother's £30million residence where Charles had 'fun' [REVEALED] Despite being divorced Sarah and Prince Andrew live together at Windsor’s Royal Lodge, which is owned by the Queen. The Royal Lodge has been Andrew and Sarah’s home since 2004. The former couple remain on good terms and have lived in the property together for years despite divorcing in 1996 and separating even earlier – in 1992. Worth at least £30million, both Beatrice and Eugenie stayed in the Lodge with their parents for a while before getting married to their respective parents and having children. Scandal-hit Prince Andrew is desperate to sell his £18million seven-bedroom property in a bid to raise funds to pay off his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Located on the Verbier resort in Switzerland, Chalet Helora is expected to fetch at least £18 million on the market. The seven-bed property has been used as a mountain escape for the royals since 2014, providing plenty of space for high-profile visitors. In February, it emerged Prince Andrew would sell off his chalet in an aim to use the processes to help pay the out-of-court payment of an estimated £12 million settlement to Jeffrey Epstein accuser, Virginia Guiffre. The Duke has vehemently denied the allegations brought against him by Ms Guiffre in the New York court. The settlement is not an admission of guilt. The expensive chalet boasts a large heated indoor pool, a regal pool terrace with soft seating and classic portrait paintings, a number of cosy living spaces filled with large sofas, a large open fire, a sauna, a sun terrace, a bar, and a ball chair worth an impressive £5,600. Set in one of the most expensive areas of Verbier, the chalet neighbours have equally expensive properties owned by the likes of James Blunt and Richard Branson.