Appearing on Tuesday’s instalment of Lorraine, Russell spoke to Christine Lampard, who is covering the show over the summer, on Meghan’s latest interview. Touching on how the revelations will impact their relationship with the rest of the royals, Russell claims there’s now “no way back” for them. Christine introduced the segment by stating there have been continuous bombshells over the past few weeks surrounding the Sussexes with the new interview being oddly timed ahead of their upcoming UK trip.In the interview with The Cut, Meghan touches on various topics ranging from the treatment that she and Harry received in the UK media and Harry’s relationship with Prince Charles.Touching on the revelations that Harry claimed that he lost his dad in the process, Christine asked Russell where he stands on the topic.He said: “This could be taken one of two ways, but the fact that she’s using a sort of reporter's speech that Harry had told me he’d lost his father. “I mean this will be severely damaging, distressing to Prince Charles.“He’s offered them an olive branch on several occasions, ‘Come and stay at my house, they’re worried about security.’“I think that the bridge is already burned and there will be absolutely no way back for them.” Russell added: “It’s very clear that they’re just wanting to make it them against the world and I think that’s pretty sad, to be honest.”The ITV host agreed saying it was difficult before adding that there were some people who believe Meghan was talking about her own father in the interview.Christine then asked the royal expert if he believes it will be difficult at this point for Meghan and Harry to try and come back into the family.She said: “Do you think there’s any room for manoeuvre there?” Russell replied: “No, I mean listen, The Queen has always said they remain much-loved members of the family.“But, how on earth can they continue to put up with this? One must feel very sorry for the family because their hands are tied.“They can't come out and say what they feel I suppose, but again when there’s veiled threats from Meghan saying, ‘Sometimes my silence is golden, I can say anything’ I think that’s pretty worrying to be honest." Meghan’s interview comes days before both her and Harry are expected to return back to the UK as they will be visiting multiple different charities. At the start of September, The Sussex’s will go to Manchester for the One Young World summit. A few days later, they’ll then go to the WellChild Awards which celebrates the extraordinary achievements of seriously ill children on September 8. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.