Usain Bolt, who turned 36 on August 21, still holds the title of fastest man ever five years after his retirement from running. Not only did he make sports history and become a household name around the world, Bolt also sprinted his way from poverty to luxury. In 2016, Forbes listed Bolt as the highest track star, making 10 times more than any of his competitors. Bolt’s running prowess is undeniably priceless, with multiple Olympic medals and records spearing his net worth. He is currently believed to be worth $90million (£76million) and has a car collection to match his need for speed. However, the Jamaican-born runner did not always live a life of luxury, having been born in the impoverished village Trelawny Parish. Since Bolt’s fame the area has become a spot of interest for tourists, and is reportedly poised to become a big resort area for the country. READ MORE: TV presenter announces tragic death of six-year-old son 'Surrounded him with love' But when Bolt was growing up it was far different, with no street lights or running water, and failing infrastructure. In 2009, a village member told The Guardian that Bolt’s first three gold medals is what brought running water to Trelawny, adding “we [are] praying for another gold medal to fix up the road”. Bolt’s mother, Jennifer, who turned 60 earlier this month, reportedly still lives in the village which she noted was filled with memories of his childhood. Jennifer shared in an interview with The Guardian that Bolt was born almost two weeks late, joking it was “the only time in his life he was slow.” His parents ran the local grocery store in Trelawny Parish, and it was at school where Bolt’s sporting ability began to show. As a young boy Bolt excelled in cricket and developed a love for football, supporting Real Madrid and Manchester United. It was his sport coaches at William Knibb High School who would nudge the future Olympian to track and field. The school bought his first pair of track shoes and helped to aid the young runner wherever necessary. The speedster was also introduced to another William Knibbs alum, Norman Peart, who was a retired athlete and working as a local auditor. Peart reportedly hesitated in training Bolt, but soon changed his mind after watching the teen take part in a race. Bolt steadily began entering, and winning, competitions and set his first record in 2002 at the World Junior Championships in Athletics, which was held in Kingston, Jamaica. At 15 the runner had become the youngest male world junior champion ever when he won the gold in the 200 metres. Peart worked to obtain sponsorships for Bolt, and helped his parents secure loans in order to maintain their business while supporting their son’s endeavours. Just two years later Bolt made his Olympic debut, but suffered an unfortunate hamstring injury, ending his Olympic journey at the 200 metre heats. In the 2008 Olympics Bolt made history, winning gold and setting records, in a performance a far cry away from his 2004 appearance. His career climbed from strength to strength, but as a person raised on the breadline Bolt was a bit awry on how to handle the millions he suddenly started receiving. Speaking to CNBC Make IT in 2021, Bolt admitted he “spent a little bit more than I wanted to” when his salary began increasing. He thanked his team who “really helped me to understand how to save” and shared that his biggest lesson was to save more than half of his earnings.