Locke and Key made its debut on Netflix just a month before the world went into lockdown. As the pandemic is slowly becoming a thing of the past, the series has reached its conclusion. Based on the work by comic book creator Joe Hill, Locke and Key has gone down a storm with subscribers over the past couple of years. Sadly, it is now the end of the road for the supernatural sci-fi drama. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Locke and Key. Locke and Key first premiered on Netflix in February 2020 and quickly caught the attention of viewers around the world. Due to a production delay caused by the coronavirus pandemic, the streaming service decided to give the drama a double renewal, confirming it would return for series two and three. These seasons were filmed back-to-back, starting in September 2020, and shooting for roughly one year. Unfortunately, it isn't good news for Locke and Key fans as there will be no more new episodes to come. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen Executive producers Carlton Cuse and Meredith Averill confirmed in April 2022 that Locke and Key would be done and dusted with after season three. In a joint statement, they expressed that it felt as if the show had reached its natural conclusion. They said: "Once we began working on the series, we felt three seasons was the ideal length to bring the story of the Locke family and their Keyhouse adventures to a satisfying conclusion. "As storytellers, we are grateful that we had the opportunity to tell our version of Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodriguez’s incredible story exactly the way we wanted. "We’re keeping the magical keys, though, for our own personal use." Over the years, there have been a plethora of Netflix shows that were unexpectedly cancelled midway through storylines with no fixed ending. Some of these have been GLOW, The Society, Girlboss, Jessica Jones, Santa Clarita Diet, Spinning Out, Insatiable and Chilling Adventures of Sabrina. The most recent cancellation from Netflix comes in the form of supernatural teen drama First Kill, which was axed after just one series. Thankfully, Locke and Key managed to end on its own terms, bringing the story to a satisfying close. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [THEORY]Never Have I Ever season 3 cast: Who is Parker? [CAST]The Sandman author pays tribute to Dream star Tom Sturridge [TRIBUTE] The Locke family was able to defeat Gideon (played by Kevin Durand), throwing him into a portal to his own world, along with a couple of keys. They started to realise that they needed to put all of the magical keys into the portal to close it forever and while reluctant, the Lockes agreed this was for the best. Scot (Petrice Jones) appeared at the end to find Kinsey (Emilia Jones) looking at colleges in the UK so she can be with him. Josh (Brendan Hines) didn't find out about the magic but with the keys now gone, it doesn't seem like it's going to affect his relationship with Nina (Darby Stanchfield). Tyler (Connor Jessup) left the Key House for good to be with Carly (Oriana Leman) in Montana. He still remembered the magic but is ready to move on with his life and start afresh. Duncan (Aaron Ashmore) wasn't upset about losing the keys either as he was just relieved his loved ones were all safe following a difficult couple of years. Locke and Key season 1-3 are available to watch on Netflix.