Flights can be expensive, particularly if you are planning a getaway around a peak travel season. However, being savvy about when you book your trip could bring lucrative results. Jack Sheldon is a self-proclaimed “cheap flight hacker” who says he can “help you find cheap fares and learn some tricks.” The expert revealed that booking your flights a specific amount of time in advance could help you to secure some of the best deals going. However, he noted this depends on the time of year you are hoping to jet off. He explained: “Last-minute deals aren’t going to be very common as airlines try their best to take advantage of business travellers and hike up their last-minute rates. READ MORE: Travellers should carry 'towel' on plane to 'save space and money' “Six to 12 weeks in advance is the sweet spot, but it varies greatly. “For peak and holiday seasons, I recommend looking just as the flights start showing up, typically 11 to 12 months in advance.” He does offer a caveat to this tip, however, when booking with certain airlines that frequently offer sales. He said: “For Ryanair, I would wait until they have a flash sale to book. “They do them often so you may just want to sign up for their newsletter to see when they are.” Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Cat Jordan, senior communications manager at Travelzoo explained there is not necessarily a “cheapest day of the week” to book. Instead, she said it’s all about “finding a deal”. Nicky Kelvin, head of The Points Guy UK, says being flexible about your dates and destination is “key to finding the lowest prices”. DON'T MISS'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' [COMMENT]Cruise passengers share 'beach bag' trick to 'sneak booze' onboard [REVEALED]Flight attendant on suitcase packing hack to 'save maximum space' [INSIGHT] Mr Kelvin previously told Express.co.uk: "Prices will rise dramatically to popular destinations such as Spain and Turkey in school holiday times or destinations like Dubai or South Africa over the Christmas period. "If you are willing to travel to a destination in low or shoulder season, you are likely to find far cheaper flight and hotel deals." If you have a specific destination in mind, planning well in advance is essential. Mr Kelvin added: "Last-minute flights tend not to be cheaper, and this is because most airline fares are guided by specific fare buckets that are only available at certain pre-set dates before your flight."