Arsenal midfielder Albert Sambi Lokonga has revealed that he has been shocked by the ability of William Saliba this summer when he returned to pre-season. The pair did not cross paths last summer when Lokonga arrived from Anderlecht in a deal worth £15million. Saliba signed for Arsenal in 2019 but has spent the last two campaigns out on loan, with his spell at Marseille last season catching the eye. The central defender was awarded Ligue 1 Player of the Season for his performances, and Marseille were vocal about how they would like to sign the 21-year-old permanently. However, Mikel Arteta insisted that Saliba was part of his plans for this season and therefore not for sale. And a recent interview from Lokonga shows that Arteta is not alone in wanting the Frenchman to remain part of Arsenal’s plans. He told the Counter Attack Podcast: “I didn’t know he was so good because I didn’t see him play before [he left]. When I saw him for the first time I said, ‘wow, he is really, really good’. So I was surprised that Arsenal let him go on loan and he didn’t play.” JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta drops early team news hint ahead of Palace opener How Saliba will fit into Arteta’s plans remains to be seen, especially after Ben White and Gabriel formed a solid partnership last season that could be deemed risky to separate. Though Arteta has hinted that he does intend to play the former Saint-Etienne defender, with his debut potentially coming as soon as Friday evening when the Gunners take on Crystal Palace in the opening game of the 2022/23 campaign. All eyes will be on Arsenal’s new signings for the match, with the likes of Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko – both joining the club this summer from Manchester City – in the pipeline to make their competitive debuts. Speaking about what Jesus has brought to the table since his arrival, Lokonga continued: “I think it's the energy he brings to the team. “He’s a nice guy, when he’s on the field you know he wants to do something so when he’s there he’s not just acting, he’s living the game. The way he presses, he’s intense, I think he will bring a lot to us this season. “I think with Jesus you can see [he’s bringing a winning mentality] because he’s more expressive. With Zinchenko I think it’s two guys who have a lot of quality. I think you’ll see a lot of good things from them this season.”