Manchester United have been handed a major transfer boost after Barcelona head coach Xavi Hernandez left Sergino Dest out of his 23-man squad against Rayo Vallecano on Saturday. Reports suggest the Red Devils are interested in signing the full-back and his omission from the squad will only give them more encouragement to explore a deal. The USA international has been left out of the Catalan giants’ opening fixture of the new La Liga campaign, while Frenkie de Jong and Memphis Depay were included. That would suggest Xavi does not see a place for Dest in his plans for the forthcoming season as he looks to reduce the size of his bloated squad. The Spaniard revealed he has informed the players in his squad that are surplus to requirements and Dest is believed to be one of those included on their unwanted list, with Cope reporter Helena Condis Edo reporting it was a ‘technical decision’ to leave him out and a ‘measure of pressure’ from the club to force him out. That could prove to be a boost for United boss Erik ten Hag, who is keen to make more signings before the transfer window closes on August 31. With doubts over the suitability of Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka, United may be able to swoop for Dest for a cut-price fee. READ MORE: Man Utd 'confirm' transfer intent in fresh talks for Barcelona star Dest burst onto the scene with Ajax as a teenager under Ten Hag’s guidance and the Dutchman’s relationship with his former prodigy may be enough to convince Dest to move to the Premier League. The 22-year-old has been linked with a move to Old Trafford and Catalan outlet Sport claimed that United could offer Dalot in a potential swap deal. But Barcelona’s perilous financial situation means they would insist a cash-only deal, with their asking price thought to be around £17m (€21m). ESPN report that Dest is still planning to stay with Barcelona and fight for his place, having only joined the Blaugrana in 2020, although it seems unlikely that the American is willing to tolerate being left out of the club’s 23-man squad. DON'T MISSChelsea 'have Dest transfer advantage over Man Utd'Man Utd boss Ten Hag set for showdown talks with De JongMan Utd 'expected' to miss out on Depay despite approach However, Xavi is understood to see Ronald Araujo and Sergi Roberto as more viable options at right-back, which could help convince Dest to secure a move away from the Camp Nou. The report adds that there are no ongoing talks with any club for Dest, suggesting that United are yet to make an official approach to Barcelona. Chelsea have also held an interest in the highly-rated right-back in recent months and the Blues may choose to rival United if it emerges that the youngster is available to sign this summer.