British beachgoers, as well as tourists, have plenty of options in Devon to refresh, swim in the sea and enjoy the sun. After several weeks of consecutive heatwaves, with temperatures even exceeding 40C degrees in parts of the UK, thousands of people searched for leisure on the English Riviera. However, not all of them left with good impressions. In fact, many wrote bad reviews on Tripadvisor. One of the beaches that didn’t live up to the visitors’ expectations was Blackpool Sands. A good 60 people went on Tripadvisor to label the place “terrible”. Peter K wrote: “Should be called Blackpool Stones not Sands.” Mark G titled his review 'Stressful!'. He wrote: “Not what you are led to believe! Take a pair of pit boots with you as it’s bloody painful on the feet!” Twenty-eight people who chose Westward Ho for their leisure time branded the place as “terrible” on the website. Three of them had similar judgements. According to Devon Live, one said "there’s too much sand, one said there’s too much rock, and one complained that this part of the seaside didn’t have enough sea". DanH said: “A vast expanse of sand. Can’t really think of a less appealing place to visit, but then, cards on the table, I’m not really a beach person.” DB70 from London titled their review “Too rocky”. They wrote: “Western end where we were staying is just rock and a pebble beach.” Declan from Sheffield wrote: “This was a terrible beach. You can’t go below your knees in the water and you can’t swim in it. I find it a bit annoying because in every other beach you can.” Dogs were a main reason of annoyance for people that spent time at the Saunton Sands beach this summer. Saunton Sands was named "Devon’s most Instagrammable tourist hotspot" earlier this year, but while 634 reviews out of 980 on Tripadvisor were “excellent,” there were 46 which were “terrible.” READ MORE: Energy boss unveils masterplan to save YOU £1,000 off your bills A couple of the most recent one-star reviews were from people who obviously aren’t dog lovers. Katie H from Oxfordshire said she had expected a lovely day at the beach but left after just an hour. “Too many dogs! Barking at nothing, barking at each other, flicking sand everywhere.” Steveioids from Exeter moaned: “When I finished my enjoyable surf was greeted by a dog sh* in front of me." He added: “A new dog area needs to be formed further down the beach please so we can have a breathing space from dogs.” According to the National Maritime Museum, in this country, you’re never more than about 70 miles from the sea. DON'T MISS: Solar panel warning issued as consumers strive for efficiencyBank holiday weather: Long weekend RUINED as showers loomTurkish drone firm SNUBS desperate Russia request to supply arms But Coletteh from Yorkshire took to Tripadvisor to say that Saunton Sands was hard to find. She said: “Poor signposting so hard to find. We never found the sea.” Exmouth is one of the biggest beaches on the South Devon coast and attracts hordes of visitors. But Arkangel67 from Lutterworth wasn’t impressed, writing: “The beach is just a wide expanse of rather dirty sand littered with families with screaming children and dogs everywhere.” 41intheshade from Southampton said the beach “seems completely lawless” and moaned: “On our visits this week, lads with a massive sound system had climbed onto the cliff area and were booming their music across the beach.” Martin P from Rugby complained about the “drunk twits” and “endless noise”. Heather-Chris G from Exeter complained there was seaweed on the beach and wondered why the council didn’t get it removed, calling it “very unsightly and smelly.”  