Roger Federer is making the most of his break from rehabilitation ahead of his return to the professional tennis circuit as he was seen partying with Calvin Harris in Ibiza. The 20-time Grand Slam champion was seen with the DJ as he played a set at Ushuaïa in Ibiza. Federer has been out of action for some time with a knee injury which he hopes to recover from later this summer. He has not hit a tennis ball in competition since he lost to Hubert Hurkacz at Wimbledon in July last year. The Swiss favourite was seen alongside Harris as the Scottish music producer is currently headlining weekly events at the high-end club every Friday night. While footballers like Virgil van Dijk and Kevin De Bruyne have been spotted at Ushuaïa in the past, Federer was tagged in a post by Harris as he immortalised the night on Instagram. “Another immense night in Ushuaïa. Officially, the biggest party on the island,” the DJ wrote under a post filled with photos and videos from his Friday night set. Federer was grinning as he stood alongside the 38-year-old, who held a signed racket in his right hand. READ MORE: Nick Kyrgios responds as footage emerges showing Medvedev heckled Harris has been promoting his new album to his 10.3 million followers after Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 2 hit streaming services last Friday. As for Federer, the 41-year-old was seen at Wimbledon last month as the eight-time singles champion at SW19 received a standing ovation at the 100th anniversary celebrations of Centre Court earlier this summer. He vowed to return to Centre Court and play on the iconic grass one more time in his illustrious career. “I’ve been lucky enough to play a lot of matches on this court,” Federer said. “It feels awkward to be here in a different type of role. It's great to be here with all the other champions. This court has given me my biggest wins and my biggest losses. DON'T MISSRaducanu told how to beat Williams and kill momentum before farewellEmma Raducanu picks hitting partner to prepare for Serena WilliamsRaducanu and Osaka inspire new drama from Line Of Duty producers “I hope I can come back one more time. I’ve missed it here. I knew walking out here last year, it was going to be a tough year ahead. I maybe didn’t think it was going to take this long to come back – the knee has been rough on me. “It’s been a good year regardless of tennis. We're happy at home. I didn’t know if I should make the trip but I’m happy standing here right now.” Federer is currently scheduled to return at the Laver Cup in London next month. Meanwhile, the 2022 US Open main draw begins on Monday August 29 and runs for two weeks in New York.