The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are set to cross the pond to attend a climate event in New York next month. But despite travelling to his younger brother's presiding country, the pair are not expected to reunite. Kate and William will attend The Earthshot Prize Innovation Summit on September 21. The Duke of Cambridge will host the summit alongside billionaire Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York. Speaking about the visit, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk the two princes are unlikely to see each other at the time. He said: "The brothers are unlikely to see each other when Harry is in Britain and William’s event linked to the Earthshot Prize in New York has no connection with the Sussexes, who are based in California and have their own agenda."  Similarly, Kinsey Schofield - a royal commentator and host of the To Di For Daily podcast - said the Cambridge's "busy schedule" would likely prevent them from visiting Harry and Meghan. She told Express.co.uk: "I imagine that Prince William and Catherine have a busy schedule and will arrive, complete their tasks, and return to a diary full of other commitments." She added: "A brief trip by the Cambridges doesn’t have to hurt the Sussex family." However, the only way Kate and William's trip could worsen the brother's bond is "if we start hearing revelations from Prince Harry’s book around the same time". READ MORE: Prince Harry issued warning over tell-all memoir 'Never a good idea'  Prince Harry's memoir, which is set to be released later this year, has not been seen by any members of the Royal Family, sources claim. Prince Harry and Meghan are due to visit the UK next month but are expected to return back to the US ahead of Kate and William's arrival in the states. The Sussex's spokesperson revealed that they will attend the One Young World 2022 Summit in Manchester on September 5.  They are then expected to visit Germany on September 6 for the Invictus Games Düsseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event. Finally, the couple are expected to fly back to the UK in time for the WellChild Awards 2022 on September 8. Ms Schofild said Prince William and Kate have always been popular in the US. The US-based royal commentator said they "must continue to nurture that relationship whether Harry is here or not". 