Ms Rayner criticised Tory ministers after they failed to appear on ITV's Good Morning Britain to reassure Britons about the current situation. Yesterday, interest rates were hiked up from 1.25 to 1.75 percent, the largest single increase since 1995. It came after warnings Britain is set for inflation to hit a 40-year high of 13.3 percent, and for the economy to enter recession by the end of the year. Ms Rayner attacked the Government for failing to send a minister onto ITV this morning to outline the Government's response to the situation. She said: "The Tories have crashed the economy. "Now they’re missing in action." READ MORE: Angela Rayner's boyfriend declares war on Starmer's leadership Ms Rayner's criticism of the Conservatives comes as she faces questions of her own about how Labour would act if in power. The Opposition has been gripped in an internal power struggle for over a week. Sir Keir Starmer faced backlash from his own MPs after he sacked Sam Tarry, a shadow transport minister and boyfriend to Ms Rayner, last Wednesday. The Ilford South MP had defied orders from the party leadership not to attend a rail strikes picket line and had given a series of unauthorised interviews on industrial action. Ahead of the strike, Sir Keir had said: "The Labour party in opposition needs to be the Labour party in power and a government doesn’t go on picket lines." The decision to axe Mr Tarry from his role led to an onslaught of abuse for the Labour leader. DON'T MISS:Rayner's BF and revolting Tories! The wrong party is having election [ANALYSIS]POLL: Should Keir Starmer resign over ministerial code bombshell? [GET INVOLVED]Keir Starmer branded 'shameful' as unions issue funding threat [REACTION] A number of other frontbenchers also then joined strikers, including shadow levelling up secretary Lisa Nandy. Amid the row, Ms Rayner has kept quiet on whether Labour MPs should join picket lines. She has failed to publicly back her boss even as he scrambles to reassert his authority. Her office has failed to respond to Express.co.uk's request for comment on her views. Last week, Sir Keir was forced to claim he had not sacked Mr Tarry for joining the strikers in a bid to defuse the argument. He said: "Sam Tarry was sacked because he booked himself onto media programmes without permission and then made up policy on the hoof. "That can't be tolerated in any organisation because we have got collective responsibility, so that was relatively straightforward. "Of course, as far as the industrial action is concerned, I completely understand the frustration of so many working people who have seen the prices go up, have seen inflation through the roof and their wages haven't gone up."