Atalanta midfielder Ruslan Malinovskyi reportedly dreams of a move to Tottenham this summer as Antonio Conte’s side have been linked with a deal for the Ukrainian. The Italian boss could make the 29-year-old his eighth summer transfer after already completing the signings of Richarlison, Yves Bissouma, Destiny Udogie, Djed Spence, Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster and Clement Lenglet. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that the £18million-rated Malinovskyi “dreams” of joining Tottenham on his Here We Go podcast, and that the playmaker “would love to join” Conte’s side. However Marseille are the only club to make an official proposal for the player according to Romano, and Atalanta turned down the offer. The Italian side’s head coach Gian Piero Gasperini’s recent comments about his player were a “farewell” message according to La Repubblica. "Malinovskyi had arrived as a director adapting to the tip of [Josip] Ilicic,” Gasperini said. “But it is right that Atalanta choose a more suitable player in the transfer market. "We spent years chasing an element with Josip's characteristics. Ruslan is very good but in that attacking role he is adapted despite having done excellent things. But he remains a midfielder." READ MORE: Tottenham sent clear message on Nicolo Zaniolo transfer situation by Jose Mourinho Rumours of a potential move to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium were further intensified when Malinovskyi liked a social media post celebrating Spurs’ win over Wolves on Saturday. Conte has been linked with several midfielders in a bid to boost the creativity in his side’s ranks. James Maddison and Nicolo Zaniolo are two players that have been mooted with moves to north London, but Leicester are unlikely to be willing to sell Maddison with both Wesley Fofana and Youri Tielemans more likely to be exiting the King Power Stadium this month, while Zaniolo was stretchered off during Roma's win over Cremonese. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone call Conte has claimed that further players could join this month if sales are sanctioned for members of the current squad. "We're okay. But if someone goes away, for sure another player has to come," admitted Conte. "Especially if some players want to go to play regularly. It's difficult to keep them here. "But at the same time, it has to be very clear that if a player wants to go play, I have to replace this player. This is very important. We need to have a squad capable to face a lot of games until November. This is very important for me." Several fringe players are still looking to leave the club this summer, including Harry Winks, Sergio Reguilon, Japhet Tanganga and Bryan Gil. One player that could replace the outgoing Gil, who has been linked with a loan to Valencia, is Leeds’ Dan James. However Jesse Marsch’s side reportedly have no intention of selling the Wales international this summer.