Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers has told Wesley Fofana to use Harry Maguire as an example amid interest from Chelsea. Fofana is keen on a move to the Blues this summer but Rodgers believes the Frenchman should behave more like the former Foxes star Maguire. Chelsea are desperate to sign a new defender before the window shuts on September 1. Fofana is their top target despite being quoted over £80million for the 21-year-old. Rodgers has maintained the centre-back is not for sale but admits players have dreams to fulfil. Rodgers sold Maguire to Manchester United for a world-record fee for a defender of £80m in 2019. The former Liverpool and Celtic boss has suggested Maguire went about getting his move to United in the right way. Fofana, on the other hand, was left out of the squad for Saturday's loss to Leicester because his head was not in the right place. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd back for De Jong, Newcastle eye £10m ace, Zaniolo update  “I know football and how it works,” Rodgers said. “It’s an amazing profession. “It’s a business for clubs, for players it’s a dream. They’re trying to fulfil their dreams. So I understand it for both, it’s why I provide the bridge in terms of trying to advise him what’s the best way to behave. "That’s why I have always spoken so well of Harry Maguire, because of how he was when he was here at the time when he went for a world-record fee for a defender. I’ve been in these situations before so you manage it how you see fit and my experience helps in these moments.” Fofana is not the only high-profile Leicester player to have been linked with a move away from the club. Youri Tielemans has attracted interest from Arsenal, while Newcastle saw offers for James Maddison turned down earlier this summer. DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesArsenal make Pedro Neto their 'priority' after lengthy Mendes talksChelsea tipped to sign perfect Aubameyang alternative after Leeds loss  Rodgers is confident he and the club can cope with losing star names. He added: “The club has done that, certainly in my time and probably before. “I came in and lost Harry that first summer, we brought in James Justin and Dennis Praet and other players who could help the squad. When we lost Ben Chilwell we were able to bring in Tim Castagne and Wesley. “So the reality for a club like ours is you can’t be afraid to do that as long as it’s good business for the club, and if it’s good for the player it’s normally a win-win situation. But that decision then will be ultimately down to the feeling of the club.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here