Barcelona boss Xavi would reportedly prefer to have Bernardo Silva over Frenkie de Jong, leaving the door open for Manchester United and Chelsea to continue to pursue the Dutchman. Xavi is claimed to have three reasons why he would like to sell De Jong and replace him in the squad with the Manchester City star. Silva has been linked with a move to Barca throughout the summer. But the Nou Camp club cannot sign the Portugal star unless they move out a big-earner such as De Jong. De Jong has maintained his stance that he does not want to leave Barca in this window. Xavi has been effusive in public about the former Ajax star but privately it is a different matter. Spanish outlet Sport says Xavi has made it clear behind closed doors that he wants to replace De Jong with Silva. The report says Barca have acted with secrecy and respect for De Jong this summer but that is set to change as the window gets closer to shutting. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist  Xavi is said to have three motivations for pursuing Silva. Firstly, the 28-year-old would demand a lower salary than De Jong. He would also be a guaranteed starter under Xavi, something De Jong currently isn't. And thirdly, Xavi believes Silva suits his style of football better than De Jong. Barca view De Jong's departure as necessary and hold belief that it could still happen before the end of the window. The likeliest destinations are United and Chelsea. United have been keen on the 25-year-old throughout the summer. He worked under Erik ten Hag for two years at Ajax earlier in his career. DON'T MISSEverton keen on three Chelsea stars as Tuchel closes in on GordonVieira gives Arsenal title verdict after Liverpool draw against PalaceMan Utd's XI by end of window if Murtough signs Ten Hag's four targets  However, he is not currently sold on a move to Old Trafford. Chelsea are said to be a more appealing move for the player, as they can offer Champions League football. Earlier this month, United legend Gary Neville claimed it would be "horrific" if Chelsea beat his old side to De Jong. He told Football Daily: "If they [United] don’t get him [De Jong], it’s embarrassing but if he goes to Chelsea, it’s horrific. "If he doesn’t want to come, the deal would have been switched off a few weeks ago. Because of the relationship the player has with the manager, there must be some communication between them that’s saying, 'wait for me I’m coming'." 