Kate Garraway opened up on the reason she has been missing from her usual spot on Good Morning Britain over the last few weeks. The presenter shared an update on her husband Derek Draper’s condition as she detailed the “life-threatening” infection he contracted.    Richard Madeley asked: “How are things at home?” “Thank you,” Kate replied. “Sorry I dramatically disappeared and haven’t been here for three weeks now. “It was actually on air on GMB on 9th of July I remember it because it was my brother’s birthday and I forgot to wish him a happy birthday but we were on air and Derek had come out of hospital. “He’s been in and out of hospital for a while looking at ways to tackle the damage caused by Covid back in 2020.” Read more: Kate Garraway's heartfelt update on Derek's health amid intensive care  “But we haven’t had any sort of medical eruptions and he was just really unwell, he came out of hospital the day before and I got a phone call from the person who was looking after him saying, ‘We’re really worried,’” she continued. Kate told her co-host she rushed home, called an ambulance for Derek and took her husband to A&E. “They said he had very severe sepsis, life-threatening sepsis so it was really traumatic. “Brilliant work by A&E absolutely extraordinary because the big challenge when you’ve got sepsis is finding the source of infection quickly and get the right antibiotics.”    Richard asked: “Did they find the source [of infection]?” Kate explained they did by a “process of eliminations” and a junior doctor asking the GMB host what she thought it might be. “We knew it wasn’t Covid-19 because we tested before we left for the hospital on the Thursday,” Kate noted. “I said, ‘I did wonder if it was a urine infection but weirdly we couldn’t get anything for a sample,’ and they just went ‘kidneys’.” DON'T MISSRanvir Singh leaves co-star gobsmacked with brutal weight jibe [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan replaced by Jeremy Kyle on TalkTV as he announces break [VIDEO]GMB row erupts as guests clash over energy bills [INTERVIEW]   Kate pointed out her insight helped the doctors find the source of infection. “Unfortunately, his kidneys were really infected, blocked and the challenge now is to save them,” she revealed. “That’s where we’ve been for the last three weeks.” Derek is currently still in hospital but is no longer in intensive care.    “He’s waiting for another procedure, looking really good,” Kate said. “One kidney looking really good just need to look at that other one so still in high dependency.” Holding Kate’s hand, Richard said: “Well, if positive wishes could perform miracles then miracles would be coming your way.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.   