Arsenal are reported to have looked at the possibility of signing PSV winger Cody Gakpo after the Manchester United target saw the Red Devils opt to spend £84million to bring Ajax’s Antony to Old Trafford instead. The Gunners’ interest in adding another winger to Mikel Arteta’s squad has lingered all summer with links to Raphinha and Pedro Neto, but they do face competition from three other clubs to sign the Dutchman. Sky Sports have claimed that Southampton, Newcastle and Leeds are all in the race with Arsenal to sign Gakpo. “His camp believes it’s a massive possibility,” Melissa Reddy said on Sky Sports News. “Considering the amount of interest in him, Southampton have had a bid rejected for him, Newcastle have been circling, there’s talk of Leeds registering an interest. “The thing with Gakpo and the reason United were looking at him, apart from the fact that he is quite an exciting player at PSV with the Ruud van Nistelrooy connection, it would be smooth business to get done. “He profiles very similarly to Sadio Mane, what he gives you in possession, out of possession, what the data shows you is he is quite a similar mould of player, and United had looked at Mane in 2016 and have always been trying to find that kind of player for the transition and the speed of the game they want to change. “One of the other names I have been told to keep an eye out for is Arsenal, who have said that they would like to enhance their offensive options. His people feel pretty confident that given the amount of clubs that are looking at him, he will move.” Arteta has admitted that “anything can happen” in the transfer window ahead of the Gunners’ win over Bournemouth earlier this month, but that players may have to leave the squad first to bring in more signings. "What we can communicate we always do when it's the right moment," Arteta said. "We discussed that we have a big squad and we've allowed some players to leave. Until the end of the window, anything can happen." DON'T MISSArsenal may have another Saliba already after Edu nailed negotiationsAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star after signing for Man UtdMan Utd think they have Ronaldo replacement who can save them millions Since those comments Arsenal have let Nicolas Pepe leave the Emirates on loan to OGC Nice, possibly leaving a spot open for a winger to join the club. Wolves star Neto has been linked but could prove to be too expensive an option for someone who will likely rotate with Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli and Emile Smith Rowe. Gakpo could cost less than Neto at a reported £40m, though Southampton have had a £21m bid rejected for the Dutchman according to Sky Sports, so Arsenal will have to offer a higher fee than Ralph Hasenhuttl’s side.