Nick Kyrgios has made a bold claim about his ranking after upsetting world No 1 and defending champion Daniil Medvedev at the Canadian Open. The Aussie is in the form of his life after reaching the Wimbledon final and winning eight matches in a row since, and has snubbed Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal as he spoke about his current level. Kyrgios is enjoying a red-hot summer - reaching two semi-finals on the grass before making his maiden Grand Slam final at Wimbledon. After losing to Djokovic, he has won every match since, lifting the doubles title in Atlanta two weeks ago before winning both singles and doubles in Washington. And he is now through to the third-round of the Montreal Masters after downing top seed Medvedev in three sets on Wednesday, adding to his impressive 2022 CV. Following his second career win over a world No 1, the 27-year-old made a bold claim about his current level as he put himself above every other player on the tour, including the likes of Djokovic and Nadal. The world No 37 was asked where he felt his level was over the last few months and what ranking he thinks would accurately reflect his current form, and the Aussie answered: “One or two,” according to Arash Madani. JUST IN: Roger Federer surprises fan in touching moment after five-year promise  Kyrgios wasn’t rewarded for his efforts of reaching the Wimbledon final after the ATP stripped all ranking points from the tournament in response to its ban on Russian and Belarusian players, and would be around the world’s top 15 had he earned the 1,200 points for making the championship match. And it seems the Australian Open doubles champion believes he is playing even better than the ranking he would have earned with his Wimbledon points included, as he put himself in the top two in the world - possibly behind only Djokovic, who was the last man to beat him. DON'T MISS Alcaraz's brutal admission after blowing match point in Montreal lossZverev fires double US Open threat to Rafael Nadal with injury wishSerena Williams announcement causes major US Open ticket surge  While the Aussie isn’t close to reaching world No 1 anytime in the immediate future, his win over Medvedev has jeopardised the Russian’s chances of staying at the top spot. With the 26-year-old’s early exit at the hands of Kyrgios, he could be overtaken by Nadal if the Spaniard wins the title in Cincinnati next week.  When the rankings update next week, he will also be just 125 points ahead of world No 2 Alexander Zverev, who today announced he is hoping to be back in time for the US Open after being sidelined with an injury he picked up at the French Open. Both the German and Nadal have a shot at dethroning Medvedev during the US Open, where the current world No 1 is the defending champion. 