Beijing has stiffly opposed recent attempts by foreign powers to support Taiwan, as it continues to question the nation's independence. Taiwan's government warned today that military drills conducted by the Chinese government when Nancy Pelosi visited last week served as a pretext for invasion. Foreign minister Joseph Wu accused China of “gross violations of international law” and claimed it was using the exercises to "prepare for the invasion of Taiwan”. China is the eastern world's most powerful nation in terms of financial and military might. The country has cultivated a powerhouse reputation through its relationship with western nations via trade but kept them primarily at arm's length. The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has a host of allies in the east, some of whom may READ MORE: Xi Jinping risks trade nightmare with West if China pursues Taiwan Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping share a border and have used that to its fullest extent with a series of financial and military pacts. Their increasing cooperation has led them to support one another rhetorically, and Russia is among the nations that have proven more supportive of China's claims over Taiwan. Putin's regime has no official relationship with Taiwan's government and recognises the nation as part of China. Russia also backed China during Ms Pelosi's visit to Taiwan last week, calling it "provocative". Like Russia, China counts pariah nation North Korea among its allies, as they share a long-held "special relationship". They share political ties as two of the world's last communist regimes, and their leaders have visited one another regularly in recent years. Approximately half of China's foreign aid budget goes to North Korea, and Chinese exports to the nation reached 2.8 billion in 2020. The relationship is not hitch-free, as Kim Jong-Un's nuclear programme and penchant for impounding Chinese fishing boats have created upset in the past. Most of the world is neutral in its interactions with China and follows the 'One China' principle. But several have notably opposed the Chinese government by recognising Taiwan's administration as independent. They include: