Chelsea’s push to sign Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana has left Trevoh Chalobah’s future at the club in ‘limbo’, according to reports. The departures of Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger left the Blues in desperate need of defensive recruits, but the continued recruitment has left some stars wondering where they fit into Thomas Tuchel’s plans. Chelsea have welcomed Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella to their defensive ranks this summer, but the club’s business is far from over. Tuchel remains keen to sign more players in that department, with Fofana the latest name to be touted to be Stamford Bridge-bound. The Blues have missed out on Matthijs de Ligt, Jules Kounde and Nathan Ake so far this summer, and they will be keen to not let another talented prospect slip through their fingers. Chelsea are expected to submit another bid for the former Saint-Etienne star, with The Guardian reporting that the player has called for Leicester to allow him to leave. Fofana’s arrival would certainly strengthen Chelsea’s new-look defence, but it, in turn, pushes academy graduate Chalobah down the pecking order at the club. According to football.london, the future of the 23-year-old is in ‘limbo’ and his situation is being monitored by several clubs across the top five leagues in Europe. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist Chalobah has not featured in either of Chelsea’s opening two games of the season, with natural wingback Reece James being a preferred option in central defence against Tottenham most recently. And the arrival of Fofana would provide further competition for places in Tuchel’s back three. The Blues have already loaned out Levi Colwill so far this summer to Brighton after there did not appear to be a path to the first team in the short-term for him, and Chalobah could suffer the same fate in the coming weeks. The England under-20 international will certainly feel aggrieved by finding himself surplus to requirements though, having played a key role for the club last season. DON'T MISSMan Utd may make last-minute move to seal Ten Hag request as belief emergesMan Utd's XI by end of window if Murtough signs Ten Hag's four targetsEverton may get exactly what they want in agreeing £43m Chelsea bid for Gordon Chalobah made 20 Premier League appearances for the club, scoring three and assisting one, and consistently impressed as part of a back-three due to his willingness to step forward with the ball and progress the play. But the defender is not alone in potentially spending next season elsewhere, as Callum Hudson-Odoi, Kenedy, Emerson Palmieri, Ethan Ampadu and Ross Barkley are waiting for concrete offers that will determine where their futures lie. Billy Gilmour is also assessing his options ahead of a loan move this summer, eager to ensure that he picks the right club – with offers already – on the table. The Scotland international endured a torrid spell at Norwich City last season that saw him make 24 league appearances for the club, though he struggled to pull up trees during that time.