With 50 episodes remaining of the show’s 70 episode order, the future of global phenomenon Rick and Morty looms large. If production continues at its current rate the animation will become, at the very least, a 10 season epic. But co-creator, Dan Harmon, envisions a future for the show spanning beyond the 100 episode total required by the current order. He explained: “I very much expect the show to go beyond that [70-episode] order. "I don’t think that’s jinxing it, I mean, it just seems like, 'Okay, we’ve got a certain amount of momentum here.' "The 70-episode order, to me, was like, 'Well, how much can we commit to?'" Harmon added to ScreenRant: "It was a two-way street between us and the network saying we’re going to take this very seriously, right? "We’re not going to go develop a bunch of stuff unless we hire like a Scott Marder to run the shop. "But in any case, it’s a commitment to professionalism and stuff, and it was an important one. "It’s like, 'Oh, we got tenure, we’re told that we have a job tomorrow no matter what we do.' "The result of that a couple of steps later is now Scott has got the show on such a schedule that, for the first time in the show’s life, we’re looking at doing a season every year. "It worked great, getting that order was exactly what we needed to grow up.” Fans may fear the series will degenerate into a stale episode-factory, as some animations of similar length have done, and mixed reviews about the series’ fifth season may only bolster these suspicions. However, recent comments made by Harmon alongside potentially colossal consequences of season five’s finale, may soothe worried fan’s nerves. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [VIDEO]Question of Sport backlash as Paddy announces change to show [REACTION]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [SPOILERS] The finale of season five saw Evil Morty destroy the Central Finite Curve, which brought together all realities where Rick is the smartest man in the universe, and closed off the rest, thus ensuring Rick is the smartest man seen in every episode so far. But its destruction puts Rick in, perhaps, his most compromised position to date, whilst further opening up the multiverse for exploration in future seasons. Season six, Harmon told IGN is “a bit more canonical". He said: "It really rewards fans of the show that have been watching up to this point... "So it's like, I think we're kind of finally back into the rhythm of Rick and Morty, and I think Season six is... I didn't particularly think season five was bad, but season six is f-ing amazing. "It really is an f-ing quality season." The future of Rick and Morty, then, seems to be on the right track, at least according to creators, and fans can be assured of a lot more wacky adventures from the inter-generational duo. Season 6 of Rick and Morty airs 5th September at 4am on E4 for UK viewers.