Kalidou Koulibaly has been called out for inexcusably being sent off against Leeds United. Former Chelsea winger Pat Nevin has questioned the mindset of the Senegal international in Sunday's 3-0 loss at Elland Road. Chelsea suffered a heavy defeat to end their unbeaten start to the Premier League season. Goals from Brenden Aaronson, Rodrigo and Jack Harrison put the Leeds faithful into raptures and sent Thomas Tuchel's side back down south with nothing. The misery was compounded by Koulibaly being sent off in the final 10 minutes of the match. The £34million defender was given a second yellow card for pulling down Joe Gelhardt. Koulibaly had been on a yellow since the ninth minute, when he was cautioned for tugging at Aaronson's shirt. Nevin could not understand why the 31-year-old made such a challenge on Gelhardt when already on a yellow. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo Man Utd U-turn, Toney eyed by two, Caicedo latest  Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, Nevin said: "Kalidou Koulibaly has absolutely no excuse, that is bizarre behaviour from a defender." Koulibaly will miss the match against Leicester at Stamford Bridge next Saturday. After the match, Nevin was full of praise for Leeds and admitted they were thoroughly deserving of the win. He added: "Very few people would have predicted this, a poor performance from Chelsea but a huge result for Leeds United. "The work rate and hunger was there all the way through. Chelsea were swamped from the first 10 minutes and couldn't get anything going. Leeds look steady and are going to be dangerous this season. Tuchel looks desolate." Leeds opened the scoring through Aaronson, who stole the ball from Chelsea goalkeeper Edouard Mendy. Rodrigo doubled the lead shortly after before Harrison sealed the win in the second half. DON'T MISSMan Utd are signing 'another Schweinsteiger' as Erik ten Hag warnedArsenal can sign ideal Zinchenko partner in crime for just £17mMan Utd have four players in trouble with Glazers ready to spend £107.3m  Tuchel condemned his side's defending after the match. Speaking to BBC Sport, the German said: "We lost the game in the first 20 minutes, where we were clearly better and had huge chances. A lot of touches in the box but we miss the target and do not take what we deserve "I don't see that a set-piece and [Mendy's mistake] are due to the style. They are mistakes. "If we give goals away like this, that are totally unnecessary and when we are totally in charge, we cannot win football matches. We tried second half and I am disappointed we lost that half as well. They made the maximum of their half-chances and we did not."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here