It suggests that, even in the midst of a deadly pandemic, if we just stick to this simple formula, everything will be fine. But it is not this simple of course. As has been pointed out by many scientists, politicians and academics, there is no such thing as “the science”– a single immutable reference point that provides all the answers. Science evolves. It relies on fresh ideas, discourse, debate and evidence. Often the wilder ideas are wrong. Sometimes they are right. Occasionally, long-established assumptions must be ditched as knowledge progresses. Today’s heretic can be tomorrow’s visionary. And yet, for at least two years of the pandemic, “the science” was this Government’s lodestar. We were told to “stay home, protect the NHS and save lives”. Posters on bus shelters reminded careless teens “don’t kill Granny”. This was what we were told “the science” demanded and what most politicians from all sides agreed with. Former chancellor and leadership hopeful Rishi Sunak has just blown a huge hole in the claim there was consensus. The picture he painted in the Spectator last week was far from one of a government nodding in agreement to accepted scientific wisdom. Many, he said, had doubts about “the science” – but ministers were told not to discuss the potential downsides in interviews. He said: “The script was not to ever acknowledge them. The script was, ‘Oh there’s no trade-off, because doing this for our health is good for the economy’.” He said ministers were not given enough time or information to go through reports from Sage. And astonishingly, where findings were internally challenged, opposition was scrubbed from official minutes, he claimed. Contradicting the science, such as asking whether the benefit of closing schools would outweigh the costs, was met with silence, said the former chancellor. Boris Johnson’s former special adviser Dominic Cummings has branded Mr Sunak’s words “dangerous rubbish”, claiming he “seems to be suffering...from rewrite-history-syndrome”. The former Number 10 aide was, of course, at the centre of the decision-making process throughout Covid. Yet even if Mr Sunak is guilty of rewriting history, it is simply wrong to claim there were no opposing voices. Plenty of previously highly respected experts were, in fact, questioning “the science”. I know because I dealt with them throughout the pandemic. Countless doctors and scientists told me they feared that lockdowns, ultimately, would do more harm than good. Many questioned the lack of evidence and lack of proportionality to the measures. But, they urged, this was off the record: “You cannot print it otherwise I might lose my job, I could face disciplinary action – I will get trolled on social media”. There were also a handful brave enough to put their heads above the parapet and question “the science”. They faced a vitriolic backlash both on and offline, despite their immense expertise. Oxford professors Sunetra Gupta and Carl Heneghan are amongst them. So too are the sociologist Robert Dingwall, economic health expert David Paton, the cancer specialist Karol Sikora and the psychologist Ellen Townsend. Perhaps they and others, once the dust has finally settled, will see their contributions to the debate properly acknowledged. For now, it is still those who pushed the government line who have picked up the plaudits – promotions and honours, including knighthoods. But Mr Sunak has opened the door to new lines of discussion that cannot be ignored. Who allowed unelected experts to effectively call the shots? How and why did official minutes of Sage documents get censored without challenge? And, as the country is left to pick up the pieces with more than 1,000 unexplained weekly excess non-Covid deaths, record waiting lists and eye-watering national debt, where are these experts now? Where are the urgent briefings about the hundreds of thousands of missed cases of cancer, heart disease, strokes and diabetes? Why did no one in authority warn that the lockdown measures put in place to protect us could end up causing so much harm? Open scientific debate was broken during the pandemic. While everyone recognises the slogan of “follow the science”, will anyone be held to account for the problems we now face for doing so?