Expert at Moretoornagising.com Kathryn Lord shared a hack to protect you and your loved ones from mosquitos when travelling abroad. Kathryn recommended mosquito repellent bands, which are colourful bracelets that often use aromatic essential oils to keep mosquitoes at bay. She explained: “Wearing a mosquito band got me and the little ones through summers in Italy. "They last about three weeks and depending on the style you get; you can just pop a replacement tablet in the mesh. "There are different sizes for children and adults and waterproof too." READ MORE: Portugal issues travel warning affecting thousands - 'avoid flying' Mosquito band repellents, for both adults and children, can be purchased on Amazon for just £4. Peppermint, pine and lavender are some of the aromatic essential oils the mosquito bracelets use to repel the insects. Holidaymakers who tried the products shared their thoughts in the reviews section with Amelia saying: "I love these! They work so well!!!!!!" Another one named Jean explained: "Bought these for holiday in Greece. I would wear one on my wrist and ankle and didn't get bitten.  "Yes, they are all in one bag and not individually wrapped but the bag they came in is resealable so they will still be ok next year as I didn't use them all." Online user Chatchatmoncoeur recommended another way to banish mosquitos which she claimed was "more effective". She used the small insect traps or mosquito killers for patios and gardens which can be purchased on Amazon for less than £15. They are small devices with blue-violet light that attract mosquitos and electrocute them. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb They can be purchased abroad or carried on the checked-in luggage when going on holiday. She said: "For me, this is the one solution. It is amazing!!" Expert Kathryn Lord said another way to avoid getting bitten by mosquitos is "wearing long floaty clothes in the evenings". She also advised buying "spiral candles" often made of pyrethrum paste and citronella oil, which are highly effective. "Just close all the doors and windows and burn until it’s gone out and all the mosquitos will be un-alive," she explained. Aimie Hughes, a holidaymaker who tried the spiral candles explained: "Due to the hot weather we had an influx of flies and mosquitoes. "It arrives as incense with a little holder to catch the mess so it’s perfect. It smells nice too! "Absolutely love these. They’re not excessively smokey like some incense you can get and they smell amazing."