Manchester United slipped to yet another embarrassing defeat, with Brentford beating them 4-0 on Saturday night. Goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo gave the home side all three points. Express Sport takes a look at the four players who let Erik ten Hag down on the day, with the Red Devils' season already in crisis. David De Gea had a shocker against Brentford, with the Spain international enduring a nightmare afternoon. He was at fault for the Bees' opening goal, allowing the ball to squirm under his body when it appeared to be a straightforward save to make. And De Gea was also unable to stop shipping more, with Brentford scoring three times after his earlier mistake. United decided to loan out Dean Henderson this summer, with the England international believing he's good enough to be the club's No 1. With De Gea's form alarmingly dipping this term, Henderson may just be right. There's no chance of being recalled, however, and the shot-stopper may not even want to go back. United spent big on Lisandro Martinez this summer believing the Argentina international could be the solution to their centre-back woes. Alas, it seems like they're mistaken - if his first two games in English football are anything to go by. Martinez was dreadful against Brentford, being ran ragged throughout the first half before he was hooked at the interval. United had Raphael Varane on the bench. And though the France defender often struggles to stay fit, he'd still showed during his year at the club that he's a better option to Martinez and arguably anybody else on their books. When United paid £80million for Harry Maguire back in the summer transfer window of 2019, many thought he'd be a hit. Fast-forward to now, however, and it would be no understatement to say the former Leicester star has become a laughing stock. This was another dreadful day at the office for Maguire, whose form has suffered in recent times with the 29-year-old now a shadow of the player he used to be. On his day, Maguire certainly deserves to be at United. But he's just nowhere near consistent enough and it would be wise to take him out of the spotlight as the Red Devils look to get their skipper's confidence up again. Fred was given the job of keeping Brentford at bay. Yet the Brazil international was an anonymous figure in the middle of the park, despite throwing himself around the field with typical enthusiasm. Fred was powerless to prevent Brentford from racing forward time and time again, while he also failed to give Bruno Fernandes and Christian Eriksen a license to attack. This summer marks four years since the Samba star moved to the club. And Fred remains as erratic as ever, with United crying out for an upgrade on midfield. Frenkie de Jong and Adrien Rabiot would tick all the right boxes. Speaking to Sky Sports at half-time, Jamie Redknapp slammed United for their performance against Brentford. "I don’t think I’ve seen 45 minutes in the Premier League like this," he told Sky Sports. "Brentford have won every second ball, every challenge and they’ve been too strong for Man Utd. Martinez shouldn’t be marking Toney. Someone has got to take responsibility. "I cannot believe what I’m watching from this Man Utd team. They just look like a team that have been given the badge and then thrown out there. "Martinez, not strong enough as a central defender and getting bullied. Eriksen isn’t a defensive midfielder. They’re two decisions that the manager has made."