Arsenal striker Gabriel Jesus has been rewarded for his fine start at the club by being appointed one of two vice-captains. Reports claim he and Granit Xhaka are the deputies to new club skipper Martin Odegaard. Jesus opened his Arsenal account in Saturday's 4-2 win over Leicester at the Emirates. The Brazilian scored the first two goals of the game to put the Gunners in control. The £45million forward has already become a firm favourite with his new supporters following his move from Manchester City. He also laid on two assists for both Xhaka and Gabriel Martinelli to seal the win over the Foxes. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta knew Jesus well from his time as assistant at City. And The Athletic claims he has already made him a firm part of his leadership group. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd ramp up Icardi chase, Gordon to Chelsea, Ronaldo latest  Odegaard was appointed Arsenal captain last month, just a year after his permanent arrival from Real Madrid. If he is unavailable, the armband will be worn by either Jesus or Xhaka. It was Xhaka who took the armband when Odegaard was replaced late on in the opening-day win over Crystal Palace. But Jesus had already been substituted, so it remains to be seen who is first in line to deputise. It completes a full circle for Xhaka, who was stripped of the club captaincy almost three years ago by former boss Unai Emery. The Swiss midfielder gave an angry reaction to supporters when being substituted in a 2-2 draw against Palace at the Emirates. Xhaka has come close to leaving the Gunners on more than one occasion since. But Arteta has worked hard to keep him and has now reiterated his importance to the team. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Ratcliffe back-up plan explained as Glazers set to be testedArsenal chief Edu may be working on four La Liga deals after 'boarding flight'Tavares shows Arsenal what they're missing with another star performance  Xhaka has been an ever-present so far this season and played a starring role in Saturday's win over Leicester. It was clear to see why Arteta is so keen to have the 29-year-old in his team. New signing Oleksandr Zinchenko started the match at left-back. But he and Xhaka often interchanged positions, allowing the Ukraine star to come more centrally and venture forward. Many Arsenal fans understand the leadership Xhaka brings to the squad so will not be surprised by the appointment, but it is often his disciplinary record which goes against him. Jesus' new role is more of a shock but it just outlines the impact he has already had, and shows how highly Arteta rates him. 