It was the quarter-final on the latest instalment of Celebrity MasterChef with former footballer Jimmy Bullard, actor Richard Blackwood and West End star Lesley Joseph competing for a place in the semi-final. Jimmy sailed through to the next round after impressing the judges with his "perfect" seared scallops on black pudding, but viewers were frustrated when it was revealed Ricard had missed out. The three celebrity contestants had to impress guest judges Megan McKenna, Andi Peters and Riyadh Khalaf with their dishes of the day. Jimmy opted for seared scallops on black pudding in a buttery sauce which the judges were blown away by. Presenter Andi said: "It's crunchy on the outside and it's soft and sweet on the inside. The butter sauce is perfect. "It's not split and it tastes of butter. And the black pudding is crunchy, warm and earthy." READ MORE: Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement The other judges were equally impressed but were not as complimentary when it came to Lesley and Richard's food. Birds of a Feather star Lesley made a simple fish pie topped with potatoes and grated cheddar. It was served with broccoli. Judge Gregg Wallace thought the mashed potato was too watery before Richard made chicken wings with a Caribbean sauce made with rum, soy and peanut butter. He later made a swordfish dish but he was criticised as it had "lots of bones in it".  Later on, Gregg and fellow judge John Torode had to tell the contestants who would be going through to the next round and who would be sent home. Gregg said: "Well done all three of you, you have worked incredibly hard." John then revealed the first celebrity finalist was Jimmy who was thrilled to land a place in the semi-final. Lesley also secured a place, but she was left in disbelief as she was convinced Richard would get through and started crying. DON'T MISS...Celebrity MasterChef viewers stumped over Jimmy Bullard's gloves  [REACTION]John Torode hits back after being mocked for This Morning mishap [MUST SEE]Celebrity MasterChef viewers slam Jimmy Bullard for 'grim' dish [LATEST] While viewers were pleased for Jimmy, they hit out at Lesley and Richard's performance throughout the episode. Laura fumed on Twitter: "#Celebritymasterchef after watching Lesley get through with that travesty of a meal, all I can say is #justiceforpaulchuckle." Victoria penned: "Just shows that this week's lot are not a patch on last week's lot. Should have put one through and brought someone back #celebritymasterchef." (sic) Alex Davenport added: "Lesley through to the semi-final! What? With that Treacle Tart? Richard was robbed! #CelebrityMasterChef."  Gillian Hudson remarked: "Sorry but Lesley’s food, boring, no technique to it, just a fish pie and a treacle tart... Not MasterChef semi-final material for me! #celebritymasterchef." (sic) "I think Lesley’s surprised she made it through then #celebritymasterchef," Estella Joyce commented. Gregg Phillips said: "Neither Lesley nor Richard’s food looked that fantastic, but I think overall Lesley was better. Just. #CelebrityMasterChef." (sic) Celebrity MasterChef continues on BBC One on Tuesday at 9pm. 