Her Majesty shared a brief statement to the President of Pakistan, Arif Alvi, to express her sadness following the deadly floods that have been devastating the country since June. The message, signed off by the Queen as "Elizabeth R", read: "I am deeply saddened to hear of the tragic loss of life and destruction caused by the floods across Pakistan. "My thoughts are with all those who have been affected, as well as those working in difficult circumstances to support the recovery efforts. "The United Kingdom stands in solidarity with Pakistan as you recover from these terrible events." The death toll caused by the monsoon rains which have been battering Pakistan since June has hit more than 1,000, with 119 people dying in the last 24 hours alone, according to the country's National Disaster Management Authority. Moreover, thousands have been left without shelter as at least 700,000 homes have been destroyed by the floods. The nation is now appealing for further international assistance as its citizens search for higher grounds safe from the floods. Salman Sufi, an aide to Pakistani Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif, told the BBC: "Pakistan has been grappling with economic issues, but now just when we were about to overcome them the monsoon disaster hit." Two days ago, the British Government announced the UK will provide up to £1.5million for the relief effort. The United Nations carried out a needs assessment over the weekend and is expected to launch an appeal on Tuesday. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ letter predicting Diana's death kept secret for 6 yrs The Queen's poignant message shows the 96-year-old continues to carry out her daily duties as the head of state despite recent reports raising concerns for her health. The sovereign hasn't been seen in public since late July, when she travelled to Scotland to begin her summer stay north of the border. After a stay at Craigowan Lodge, the monarch officially took residence at Balmoral Castle on August 9. However, she attended the traditional welcome ceremony behind closed doors for her "comfort", Buckingham Palace said. While the summer stay at Balmoral is normally considered a more relaxed time for the head of state, the sovereign continues to carry out her daily duties, as the statement to Mr Alvi shows. Among other duties, she also deals with the Government's red boxes daily, which contain important documents for her to view and sign off. Since arriving in Scotland, the Queen has been visited by a number of close relatives, including Prince Edward and Lady Louise Windsor, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Andrew. Prince Charles, currently spending time at his Scottish residence in Birkhall, is also believed to be paying regular visits to his mother. However, the frequency of their meetings has been described as "highly unusual" by royal commentator Ingrid Seward. She told The Sun last week: "It’s highly unusual for Prince Charles to make these kinds of impromptu visits to see his mother. "But Charles is a very thoughtful person — and who else can she rely on now Prince Philip has gone? "Everyone thinks they normally see each other all the time, but they don’t. "They often blame it on the geography because everyone is scattered all around the country." The monarch, who has been suffering from episodic mobility issues since autumn, had been tipped to interrupt her summer break at Balmoral, which normally ends in early October, next week for a round trip to London or Windsor, during which she would have asked the winner of the Tory leadership contest to form a new Government. However, a source claimed last week the monarch had been advised not to travel, sparking fears her health had worsened. Outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the winner of the contest, to be announced on September 15, are now expected to travel to Scotland rather than meet the Queen at one of her residences in England. 