Japanese maples are so popular in the UK because they tend to be hardy to the climate and so easy to grow. If they are cared for properly, they shouldn’t have any problems, although leaf scorch can occur during the summer. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said: “Japanese maples are generally easy to grow if planted in shade, in a good soil, sheltered from strong winds. “However, you might come across the following. “Japanese maples can be very prone to leaf scorch in windy or excessively sunny positions, particularly those with fine-cut leaves.” Cultivars with heavily dissected foliage are particularly prone. READ MORE: The quiet town where Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes call home Scorch occurs following environmental stresses, such as drying winds, and leads to the foliage turning brown. Mulching around the base of trees growing in the ground with organic matter can help to avoid scorching. It will also help to retain moisture. If leaves of container-grown plants become scorched, move the pot to a more sheltered position. DON'T MISS:How often to water Japanese maples in a heatwave [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings flat ‘back to life’ for £7k [VIDEO]Five ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances [INSIGHT] The RHS added: “Removing affected leaves is usually impractical. “Badly affected foliage may drop on its own accord and remember that all the leaves will be shed in the autumn regardless.” Pruning out dead shoots between late summer and mid-winter can also help to get rid of leaf scorch. Pruning at other times of the year may lead to bleeding. READ MORE: How to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat Japanese maples are also susceptible to scale insect bleeding. With areas of the UK experiencing extreme heat, it is important plants in the garden get enough water to survive. According to the experts, this should be once a day during hot spells. They said: “Water regularly in dry spells during the first year to aid establishment, especially if planted in spring or later in the summer season. “You may need to water once a week during hot, dry spells which can cause the leaves to brown and crinkle around the edges. “Water trees in containers regularly so they do not dry out. “This can mean at least once a day in hot weather.” Keeping adequate moisture in the soil is crucial as they like even moisture. Mulching can help with this.