The outgoing Prime Minister’s former colleagues are preparing to give evidence claiming that he did not give a “full account” of the facts about the lockdown-breaking gatherings at No. 10. All three people have alleged that Mr Johnson’s account did not present all the information as he knew it, with one agreeing to give evidence to the committee and the other two considering it.  The former Government figures contacted The Telegraph to say they believed Mr Johnson had misled Parliament, a claim he has denied. Labour chairman of the privileges committee Harriet Harman is currently chairing an investigation over whether the PM’s comments to MPs last December over the partygate accusations amount to contempt of the House of Commons. Mr Johnson had consistently stated that “no Covid rules were broken” and “all guidance was followed in No 10”, which he later admitted was false. However he has since argued that he believed those statements to be true at the time.  The Met Police issued several fines to Government figures over the parties, including to Boris Johnson himself and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Ms Harman made contact with some potential eyewitnesses last month, both directly and via intermediaries. One of the staff members told The Telegraph: “On the facts, he was definitely at lockdown-breaking events and he knew they were happening and therefore what he said to the House was knowingly inaccurate.”  READ MORE: Raab takes aim at tax-cutting Truss and issues warning to Tories Another, when asked if the PM had misled Parliament, answered “absolutely, damn well he did”. The third stated that Mr Johnson “knew what was going on” at the time. If the privileges committee concludes that Boris Johnson did mislead Parliament, he could face a recall position.  DON'T MISS:Queen's aides assure it is 'business as usual' [REVEAL]Edward praised by fans after Commonwealth Games closing ceremony [ROYALS]Trump claims Florida home 'under siege and occupied' by FBI agents [UPDATES] This could trigger a by-election in his seat of Uxbridge and South Ruislip, which may lead to him being stripped of his MP status. Mr Johnson has argued for months that he did not mislead Parliament and that comments which later may have been proved inaccurate were corrected in the Commons when new information emerged. Supporters of the PM are calling for the investigation to be scrapped as the MPs on the committee are supposedly biased against him. 