Katie Piper told her life story on Loose Women today and revealed to her fellow panellists how she had the chance to revive her TV career with the help of Simon Cowell - but turned him down. Discussing her incredible story, the inspirational star explained how an appearance on This Morning opened the door for her dream move into television.  Loose Women star Katie Piper revealed how music mogul Simon Cowell saw her interview with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield and offered her a job as a production runner. As part of their Life Before Loose series, the panellists learned how she rejected the big chance to make it in the world of showbusiness. After her moving documentary Katie: My Beautiful Face on Channel 4, she featured on This Morning where millions were told about her story of surviving an acid attack. Following the emotional interview, the X Factor judge contacted Katie with an offer to launch her TV career. Read More: This Morning backlash as 'Viking' children cause chaos on set Katie explained how the chance conversation with the businessman unfolded. She explained: "I had this weird opportunity where Simon Cowell got in touch with me after the documentary and he offered me a job as a runner at his production company." The star was awarded an OBE for her services to charity and victims of burns and other disfigurement injuries. However, she explained how her original passion for working in TV changed after her attack. "I talked to him and told him I don't want to do that, but I want to do this. I said to him I want to sponsor people to get this treatment, I want to set up a community and I want to change things for burn survivors. He got behind me and he still is to this day." Katie discussed how her search for fulfilment shifted to helping people who needed support with burns injuries. The Loose Women star added: "The old Katie would have jumped at the chance to get into telly with one of the most famous people, but it was not going to be fulfilling, there's been so much that had happened." Chatting to Christine Lampard, Janet Street-Porter and Nadia Sawalha, the OBE holder retold her childhood memories and career up until her role as a Loose Women panellist. Her life took an unexpectedly dramatic turn in 2008 when a corrosive substance was thrown at her. DON'T MISS...Loose Women slammed over 'totally unrealistic’ care homes debate [ARTICLE]Kaye Adams exposes Ruth Langsford’s key Strictly advice‘Make it stop’ [INSIGHT]Denise Welch cringes over Biden blunder [ARTICLE] At the age of 24, Katie was hoping to continue a career in the media following her stint presenting Web TV quiz shows. However, after the attack, she decided to search for a career in helping people who've experienced similar injuries. Katie instead set up the Katie Piper Foundation, where she mentors burn survivors - something Simon Cowell helped her set up after their conversation. In the wide-ranging conversation on the ITV chat show, the fundraiser and charity worker explained how much she's experienced and how it's impacted her life. She revealed: “When I look back on it and reflect, it does feel like two separate lives. "I’m 38, but I sort of feel in my 70s or 80s because what’s happened to me, condensed in such a short period doesn’t happen to some people in their whole lifetime." The chat show star added: “In some ways, you can take that as a positive - life experiences enrich us, they build our character and we can go onto use that in our future, but in other ways it was a lot. It took its toll on me mentally and physically. Some of the physical changes are still ongoing in my medical journey.” Loose Women airs on ITV every weekday at 12.30pm