Oleksandr Usyk has been tipped to 'retire' Anthony Joshua as the pair gear up for their world heavyweight title rematch in Saudi Arabia this Saturday. Back in September, the Ukrainian outclassed 'AJ' in London to take his WBA, IBF, WBO, and IBO belts, with the English fighter immediately triggering his rematch clause.  The second bout was delayed when Usyk, 35, took arms amid his country being invaded by Russia, before being granted special dispensation to leave and begin his training camp. And now, The Ring magazine title will also be on the line, after it was vacated by the seemingly retired Tyson Fury. And Kell Brook, who himself stepped away from the sport after his explosive win over Amir Khan in February, was asked to give his opinion on Saturday's PPV fight and he didn't sit on the fence. He claimed Joshua will lose once more to the Ukrainian and be force to retire. "To be honest with you, I see Usyk beating him again. Unless Anthony Joshua comes out and he puts it on him from round one and uses his size and strength," he told www.safebettingsites.com. "The only way, in my opinion, that Anthony Joshua can win is to use his strength and his power and put it on him in that way. In a boxing match, it’s Usyk all day every day. JUST IN: Oleksandr Usyk 'wants to laugh' at Tyson Fury as he drops huge hint over future fight And Brook fears the 2012 Olympic Gold medalist will lose his appeal if he fails to deliver: "He could retire if he did get beat, because he wouldn’t have the x-factor anymore, basically," he continued. "That feeling of this big Anthony Joshua, before he got beat, with the people behind him. "Him losing again it just disheartens all the fans, and they just move on to the next fighter, don’t they? That’s what happens. Human nature. He’d have been beat twice by Usyk – will people want to see him again? I don’t know. He could retire." DON'T MISS:Chris Eubank Jr ignores Conor Benn's trainer and poses for selfies during speechWhat Chris Eubank told Conor Benn during heated face-off at first press conferenceChris Eubank Sr once left commentators in stitches with curious antics in Eubank Jr corner And Brook, 36, thinks that if that scenario did materialise, then his compatriot would hang up his gloves knowing he'd have underachieved: "I believe he would be disappointed with his career. "He’s beat some good fighters, but he’s not beat any great fighters. The Ruiz loss and the Usyk defeats. I don’t think he’d go down as anything great, would he? He’s not done anything that would put him on that pedestal. I think he’d realise that himself as well."