Gas kettles are often cheaper to use than electric types, but they can quickly look dirty as burn marks and scorch stains build up with each use. Luckily this unsightly residue is easy to remove using just a few basic ingredients and it will take you no time at all. Here’s how to clean your kettle and other kitchen appliances using baking soda, soap, and white vinegar. While it is a natural part of cooking over hot flames, burns and scorch marks can often leave items looking dirtier than they actually are. According to Jenna Arkin, Vice President of Innovation at ECOS, metal ions from hard water and oily residue on your stove are to blame for the unsightly stains left behind on even the most heat-resistant cookware. She said: “If your home has hard water, this means that there are more hard metals, such as calcium and magnesium, in the water. “Once the water boils off, these metals can remain on the surface of cookware and cause staining." READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients When water bubbles up or spills over a pan, the mineral residue is then re-heated and left on your kettle as it boils on the stove. Keeping your stove clean in between uses is the best way to prevent burn marks from reappearing, but how can you get rid of the ones that are already on your gas kettle? To clean scorched pots, pans, and tea kettles, James Conner, operations manager at Molly Maid recommended using a mixture of white vinegar, dish soap and baking soda. Before making a start, always wear gloves to protect your skin from water, grease, and oil. Start by filling a large bowl with very hot water and add some dish soap. Place the burnt kettle or pan into the water to soak for around 20 minutes, or as long as two hours if you have time. Once the item has been left to soak, sprinkle half a cup of baking soda into the water and watch it fizz up. Take a wet, slightly abrasive sponge or brush and squeeze on some dish soap to scrub away stubborn stains. Do this with the item still in the water, using the liquid to saturate the sponge between scrubbing. In a matter of minutes, you should be able to lift the scorched residue and reveal a clean surface. DON'T MISS:How to stop earwigs eating plants - 3 traps for plants ‘under attack' [INSIGHT]How to get rid of summer pests including ants and fruit flies [REVEAL]'Keep bananas fresh for 7 days': Handy food storage hack  [ANALYSIS] For marks that simply won't come off with the soak and scrub method, Mr Conner advised using white vinegar to really lift the dark stains. To do this, you can either cover the surface area with baking soda and pour the vinegar over it, or create a paste to spot-treat your kettle. Add a few drops of vinegar to one cup of baking soda until it makes a thick paste. Once applied, the cleaning expert explained that you will need to wait a while for the “stain-fighting chemical reaction” to occur before wiping the paste away. Do this using a soapy sponge to unveil a spot-free surface below. While the kettle itself can’t be kept away from naked flames, there are ways to reduce the build-up of minerals and oils which burn onto the surface of the appliance. Never allow boiling water to spill over saucepans either as this contributes to hard water mineral residue. Controlling the temperature of your stove while cooking is the best way to limit the spread of oil and grease onto the sides of your kettle, but removing it from nearby pans entirely is guaranteed to stop it from getting burnt. Removing spills and stains on your stovetop is essential to prevent stain-causing substances to dirty your gas kettle.