Manchester United are reportedly working on late transfer deals for Marko Arnautovic and Adrien Rabiot, of Bologna and Juventus respectively. The duo won’t excite supporters at Old Trafford but, with Erik ten Hag determined to add to his squad, it seems like the Red Devils are getting desperate as the clock ticks down. Express Sport will now take a look at their questionable XI if the pair arrive before September 1. There’s only one player who starts in goal for United these days. And that’s David De Gea, who has been at the club ever since arriving from Atletico Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2011. On his day, the Spain international is one of the best goalkeepers in the whole of world football. But he was poor against Brighton on Sunday and should have done better for Pascal Gross’ second goal of the game, parrying the ball invitingly into the 31-year-old’s path. Still, the No 1 jersey is very much De Gea’s to lose. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United started both Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw during Sunday’s match with Brighton. But neither player impressed on the day and, with the pair both suffering an alarming dip in form over the past year, it's time for them to be dropped. We’d say the same about Diogo Dalot but, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka his deputy, the Red Devils don’t have much when it comes to alternatives. So, for a back four, it’s time to trial Raphael Varane as a centre-back partner for Lisandro Martinez. And Tyrell Malacia, who joined from Feyenoord earlier in the summer, can replace Shaw at left-back. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Rabiot is a good player, that can’t be denied. But he’s no Frenkie de Jong and signing the Juventus star as an alternative to the Barcelona midfielder would be a risky move given the doom and gloom mood around the club. If Rabiot does join, however, he’d likely be deployed at the base of the Red Devils’ midfield. Christian Eriksen would potentially go alongside him to provide creativity. And Bruno Fernandes may then be deployed in the No 10 role, where the Portugal international usually produces his best football. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Arnautovic was once a good Premier League player, impressing during stints at Stoke and West Ham. But United, by landing the Austria international, would again be risking more trouble with their own supporters. Arnautovic is wanted to provide competition for Cristiano Ronaldo at the tip of Ten Hag’s attack, meaning he’d be used as a centre-forward. Jadon Sancho is poised to start most matches on the right side of their attack. And Marcus Rashford looks set to nail down the left wing role, despite struggling to make his mark against Brighton on Sunday. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Rabiot could be a useful signing for United but he’s often struggled for consistency during stints at Juventus and PSG. And if he arrives as an alternative to De Jong, then fans won’t be happy. Arnautovic moving to United would have echoes of when they signed Odion Ighalo on loan back in the January transfer window of 2020. Ighalo was past his best by that point and scored six goals during his brief time at Old Trafford. The days of United going Galactico, for the world’s best players, now seem very much over… Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here