Bravo’s hit reality series Below Deck has kept fans hooked with non-stop drama as well as its booze-fuelled feuds, and this was no different for its Australian spin-off, Below Deck Down Under. Following the major fallout between Aesha Scott and chef Ryan, Kyle Viljoen explained his own understanding of what happened.   Below Deck Down Under was one of the most recent additions to the yachting franchise, which landed on screen in March. Throughout the series, fans gained an insight into the workings onboard the superyacht while getting to know the new cast. As well as a look at the great barrier reef and the scenic undersea world, tensions rose on deck as the crew members catered to the affluent and often demanding guests. Things also got tense between the yachties, as chef stew Aesha Scott and chef Jason McKeown locked horns. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Alicia Gallagher returns as tragedy strikes   Sharing his two cents on the feud, Below Deck Mediterranean's Kyle Viljoen stated: “Aesha is such an excellent stew, I just think it was a mismatch of two people coming together and a lack of communication between them. "I think Ryan can be such a fantastic chef, I’ve seen some of his work." Speaking to Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live, Kyle added: “I’m shook, but I really feel like Aesha had the upper hand in this case.” During episode six, things became heated between the two crew members over cereal.   As the kitchen lacked breakfast cereal to provide its paying guests, Ryan shouted at Aesha and blamed her for not being prepared for their requests. The feud then escalated after he clashed with stewardess Magda Ziomek after she appeared to be friendly with Aesha and yelled at her: “You're two-faced as f**k!” As a result of the shouting, Aesha was reduced to tears and viewers watched as she was sobbing in her cabin. After the chief stew stated: “I really pride myself on how hard I work,” Captain Jason Chamber was forced to get involved.  DON'T MISS...Outlander fans demand major Claire and Jamie change [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med fans demand Raygan fired after Sandy error [INSIGHT]Below Deck’s Ryan McKeown 'doesn't regret' saying Aesha has no life [INSIGHT]  However, this didn’t go down well with the Captain who told Ryan: “No, no, now listen, I don't want your attitude. “I'm your captain. If you want to bring it up three decibels, I'll bring it up to four!” After a season of more fiery arguments and even viewers calling for his firing, things didn’t change during the show’s reunion episode. Even after Below Deck Down Under came to an end, Ryan continued to have spats on social media calling Aesha a “scum” and going at Mediterranean star Hannah Ferrier.    During a podcast interview on the Pop-Off! With James, the chef claimed Aesha’s “whole life is Bravo” 