Amy (Played by Natalie Ann Jamieson) has seemingly been happy in her relationship with Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) in recent years on Emmerdale. However, with Matty struggling with his hormones in some of the latest scenes airing on the ITV soap, his girlfriend has found it a challenge to know what the right thing to say is. Although they seem to be back on track, a huge twist could see the mother of one turning to Al (Michael Wildman) for some comfort and it could go even further than just some friendly support. At the moment, Al is currently having an affair with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), although he is in a relationship with Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton). The two characters have always had chemistry but they never acted on it until Chas revealed her mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), was dying. After almost getting caught out in recent scenes, Chas seemingly ended her affair with the businessman but this pause on the affair is unlikely to last long. In this brief interim, Al has gotten back with Kerry after they broke up for less than 24 hours but it could be his daughter he will set his impressions on next. Noticing Amy is struggling with her relationship, the villain of the weeknight serial drama could offer to lend a listening ear. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne As she starts to see through Al's ruthless demeanour, Amy could see the charm offensive her mother and Chas both fell for. Caught up in the moment and with her emotions heightened, Amy could lean in for a kiss and it wouldn't take long before they were heading upstairs. Although she might have thought she would regret sleeping with Al, Amy could suggest they carry on their affair in secret. Al would be more than happy to agree to this, seeing as he thinks he can win over any woman in the village with his charm. With the pair keeping their affair secret, Chas could end up knocking on Al's door and ask him to rekindle their affair. It would seem all of Al's dreams would have come at once, with not only one woman on his arm but there would now be three. If they were to all find out about each other, it would make for explosive viewing as they could team up to take Al down. However, out of all three women he has been romancing, it could be Amy who Al really wants things to work with as he thinks they get on the best. After realising his secrets are out in the open, he could try to manipulate the mother of one to believe he genuinely cares about her. At this point, there would be a lot on the line for Amy as following a break-up with Matty after the affair was exposed, she could also risk losing her relationship with her mother. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [ANALYSIS]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES] Will Amy really put everyone and everything she loves on the line to make her romance with Al work? Having felt so distant from Matty recently, Amy could feel as if Al is giving her everything she wants and more, pushing her closer to accepting the romance. However, in a huge twist, could it be Amy will get even closer to Al to enact revenge on him for toying her along whilst also still in a relationship with her mother and sleeping with Chas? The actor who plays Matty, Ash, has hinted the end of his character's relationship with Amy could be on the horizon at some point. Ash explained: "Well, Matty’s had a bit of a turbulent time with himself in the sense of getting his hormones right and waiting for his surgery and trying to navigate this relationship; he’s never spoken to people about it and he’s always dealt with stuff on his own." "He went off to transition on his own, he doesn’t really do well with communicating his feelings," the soap star continued. "He’s quite a closed character in what he’s really thinking so I think he would rather deal with this himself than talk to Amy about it. "She senses something is wrong as she always does, and tries to offer support, but he’s like a one-man wolfpack, he wants to deal with it on his own. "I think it’s because the moment he starts talking about it he’s going to have to be truthful and say it’s because he feels bad that he wasn’t there for Holly. So yes, he tries to deal with it all on his own. "I would like to think [they have a long-term future] because they make such a sweet couple, and she is such a good support to him." "I do think they are soulmates, and they have each other’s best interests at heart, but you never know," Ash ambiguously remarked so could a split be on the horizon very soon? Regardless, Ash and the actress who plays Amy, Natalie, are good friends off camera, with the soap star stating: "I absolutely love working with her, it’s a dream come true to work with one of your best mates. "It’s really comfortable, it’s fun and we actually live really close to one another as well, so if we have a juicy scene coming up, we can go and sit in the garden, have a cup of tea, go over it, have a chat, so it’s lovely, I love working with her. "I get on with her boyfriend and she gets on with my girlfriend really well, so it’s lovely. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.