To mark her sister's birthday, Princess Eugenie shared a carousel of photos of herself and Beatrice on Instagram yesterday. Looking closely at the images, and at others of the sisters together, body language expert Judi James examined their relationship. Judi told Express.co.uk why it seems that Eugenie is the older sister, rather than Beatrice. She said: "Eugenie calls Beatrice her ‘special big sissy’ here but their body language has always tended to suggest Eugenie in that role, rather than the older-in-years Beatrice. "The two sister’s bonding looks eternally strong, exceptionally so, even for sisters. "They have always appeared together as a double-act right up to their weddings and now even marriage seems to have done little to dent their togetherness poses, and they are often seen in a foursome with their husbands." READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language Judi continued: "Eugenie is the sister who uses the more adult and often nurturing body language. "There is an air of calm resilience about her, as opposed to her more spontaneous-looking sister who tends to have inherited the more open emotional displays of her mother Fergie." Looking at the first photo featured in Eugenie's carousel, the body language expert said: "We can see Beatrice clinging lovingly to her sister while Eugenie stands slightly to the front of the pose looking confident and calmly happy. "It is Beatrice who leans her head in towards her sister, pressing their heads together in a gesture of trust and like-minded thinking. DON'T MISS: City with the cheapest pints in the UK named - just £3 [LIST]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXCLUSIVE]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] "Poses like this suggest they can take on the world as a team of two, which must have been crucial during all the crises the family have been through. "Beatrice’s torso is also turned more towards her sister as she hugs her while Eugenie’s is turned in a more social angle, making her look slightly more independent. "Eugenie’s smile is also social, with some eye-wrinkling and a symmetric mouth shape with just the upper teeth showing. "Beatrice, however, manages the difficult pose of a wide-opened mouth and wide-opened eyes. "Her upper and lower teeth are bared, along with some upper gum but her eyes are completely rounded, making her expression look more childlike and naïve." In the first photo, Beatrice is donning a Self Portrait dress also owned by Kate Middleton. The dress is comprised of a waist-cinching jacket and a pleated skirt. A Self Portrait number costing £400, the Duchess was seen wearing the dress earlier this year to attend the Party at the Palace during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Another picture in the carousel was of Zara Tindall, Beatrice, and Eugenie on June 2 this year, at the Trooping the Colour Parade. Eugenie was this time pictured in a Self Portrait dress, while Beatrice wore a blue floral midi dress from The Vampire's Wife. Zara donned a red Beulah London dress with a high neck and billowing sleeves. Another photo was of the sisters in blue and orange during the Platinum Jubilee service on June 3, while the last image was taken during the launch of Eugenie's podcast, Floodlight, in April this year.