Whether you’re looking to increase the sale value of your property or simply want to freshen up your interior style, making use of your DIY skills is the best way to save both time and money. To make your money go further while still achieving a high-quality finish, DIY and renovating influencer, Kate Sandu, shared her top tips to transform any room in the house for just £80. Not only are these simple hacks affordable and effective, but they can all be done in just a matter of hours for instant results. Changing your home to keep up with current interior trends can be expensive and time-consuming, but it’s not impossible to do even on a tight budget. While homeowners have complete freedom to redecorate as when they wish, Kate explained that even renters can copy some of her best-loved interior upgrades. Speaking exclusively  to Express.co.uk, Kate said: “It’s always worth doing up a rental so that it feels like home and the brilliant thing about a rental is that often, they’re a blank canvas that you can really put your stamp on.” READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients She added: “It can feel like a bit of a waste of money but putting your personal stamp on a place can transform not only the look and feel but also the way you feel about being in the space; it’s incredible how much decor can impact your mood and overall happiness! “It doesn’t have to cost the Earth either, (especially at the moment when every penny counts), so you don’t have to worry about money going to waste.” Whether it’s your bedroom, living area, kitchen or even a home-office space, these simple interior upgrades can be adapted to suit any room in the house. So what exactly can you do to improve the look and value of your property? Decal, also called decalcomania, is a design printed on specially prepared paper which can be transferred onto any surface. While these may sound like wall stickers, decals are often small fragments of a larger pattern, leaving a more delicate and tasteful finish. Kate explained that decals are great for giving a quick and damage-free “lift” to plain walls, and are also very cost-effective. What’s more, they come in so many different colours and styles and can be easily removed or replaced if you want to switch them up. Choosing Japandi-style patterns such as grey-scale trees, leaves or other nature-themed designs are a great way to add a unique flair to your home while experimenting with attractive Scandinavian-inspired interiors. DON'T MISS:Energy bills: 3 interior swaps to trap 'precious heat' and cut costs [INSIGHT]‘Lasts for one month’: No-scrub toilet hack using just one item [REVEAL]Homes Under the Hammer buyers revive period home for under £7k [ANALYSIS] DIY influencer Kate, who goes by the name @renovatelikekate on Instagram said: “If you have some existing decor you’re really not a fan of you’ve plenty of options. “For example, if you’ve got wall tiles, then you could put some vinyl over the top of them in a colour and design you do like.” Marble effect vinyl sheets or even modern geometric patterns are a great choice for kitchen splashbacks, bathroom tiles, or even flooring. If you’ve got wallpaper or paint that you’re unsure of but can’t afford to rip out and start from scratch, covering the area is a quick fix that can be done by anyone. This is especially good for staging your house ahead of viewing, or for brightening up a rented property. Though it may sound unusual, Kate recommended sticking with the neutral Scandi-style decor by using a duvet cover to fill a wooden frame. She said: “Frame the duvet cover with wooden battens that are painted so it looks like a wall mural or for a less dramatic effect, frame cushion covers.” Unsightly floor tiles can be covered with a large statement rug to instantly brighten up your home. Kate explained that this not only gives you the flexibility to change it if you get bored but also works in any room of the house to add flair and of course, extra warmth in the winter. In the bedroom, another option to fill empty space is to make a quick and easy headboard using MDF. Adding second hand materials with padding underneath can be placed in the centre of soiree bards to add character to the room, and extra comfort at night. Buying second hand decor for your home is one of the most effective and affordable ways to instantly improve your home. Kate said: “Add lots of colours and accessories using pillows, prints, vases and other items can really transform a space.” Green plants and colourful bedding sets are also great for neutral, dull spaces.