 It is the 43rd anniversary of the death of Lord Louis Mountbatten, who was assassinated by the Irish Republican Army in an unprecedented attack. While on holiday with his family in County Sligo, northwest Ireland, the 1st Earl of Burma was targeted by IRA member Thomas McMahon and his alleged accomplice, Francis McGirl. McMahon planted a 23kg radio-controlled bomb on the royal’s boat the night before Mountbatten and his family boarded for a day of fishing.  On the morning of August 27, 1979, only minutes after the party left the shore, the deadly bomb was detonated. Mountbatten’s 14-year-old grandson Nicholas Knatchbull and 15-year-old crew member Paul Maxwell were killed in the blast. The Earl was pulled from the water alive but died shortly after. Also onboard were Mountbatten’s elder daughter Patricia, Lady Brabourne, her husband Lord Brabourne, their other son Timothy Knatchbull and Lord Brabourne's mother Doreen, Dowager Lady Brabourne. All sustained severe injuries. Dowager Lady Brabourne died in hospital the following day. READ MORE: Mountbatten's killers caught 'two hours' before deadly detonation in ‘lucky coincidence'  News of the tragic incident soon began circulating and other members of the Royal Family were quickly informed. Prince Charles was on holiday in Iceland when he heard the news that his beloved great-uncle had been murdered. Wesley Kerr OBE, royal commentator and historian, claimed the young prince had to deal with his grief “alone”. He told the 2021 Channel 5 documentary ‘The Murder of Lord Mountbatten: 3 Days that Shook Britain’: “Charles probably did have to deal with this intense grief pretty much alone. “He heard the news and he walked back to the house where he was staying to get details.” That evening, Charles wrote a heartfelt entry in his diary. An extract from the entry read: “A mixture of desperate emotion swept over me.  “Agony, disbelief, a kind of wretched numbness. Life will never be the same now that he’s gone.” Andrew Lownie, a royal author and historian, told the documentary: “Mountbatten had been this great not just mentor, but confidante and he had lost that in a point in his life when he really needed it. “So it was absolutely shattering. “He, of course, was very close to the Brabourne and Hicks families, quite apart from his closeness to Lord Mountbatten.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS]  Charles, who has described Mountbatten as his “honorary grandfather”, shared a special bond and the pair had become particularly close. The Prince of Wales first remembered meeting his ‘Uncle Dickie’ at the age of five during a trip to Malta, where Mountbatten led the Mediterranean fleet past Queen Elizabeth II’s royal yacht as she arrived for a visit. He was a regular visitor at Mountbatten’s Broadlands estate in Hampshire, where the pair enjoyed fishing and other outdoor activities. The two royals would stay up well into the night to discuss history and Royal Family dynamics.  Mountbatten was one of the most influential figures in Charles’ life.  In 1971, he was the only member of the Royal Family to attend the prince’s graduation from the Royal Naval College Dartmouth, where Charles had spent six weeks learning about the ways of the Royal Navy upon the suggestion of his great-uncle. The prince played a prominent role at Mountbatten’s funeral service which was held at Westminster Abbey nine days after the bombing. He read Psalm 107 to the congregation and a televised audience in more than 20 countries. Charles later delivered a moving tribute during a memorial service at St. Paul’s Cathedral, during which the heir said: “That quality of real moral courage, of being able to face unpleasant tasks that needed to be done – and yet to be fair and consistent – is a rare quality indeed.  “But he had it in abundance and that, I think, is one of the reasons why people would have followed him into hell, if he had explained the point of such an expedition. “It is also one of the reasons why I adored him and why so many of us miss him so dreadfully now.” In 2015, Charles visited the seaside village of Mullaghmore, where – 36 years earlier – Mountbatten had died. He delivered a moving speech about the tragedy, saying: “In August 1979, my much-loved great uncle, Lord Mountbatten, was killed alongside his young grandson and my godson, Nicholas, and his friend, Paul Maxwell, and Nicholas's grandmother, the Dowager Lady Brabourne.  “At the time I could not imagine how we would come to terms with the anguish of such a deep loss since, for me, Lord Mountbatten represented the grandfather I never had. “So, it seemed as if the foundations of all that we held dear in life had been torn apart irreparably. “Through this dreadful experience, though, I now understand in a profound way the agonies borne by so many others in these islands, of whatever faith, denomination or political tradition.” Mountbatten's influence has seemingly been passed down through generations. Despite his death being over four decades ago, Charles' eldest son, Prince William, whose full name is William Arthur Philip Louis Mountbatten-Windsor, chose Louis as a middle name for his oldest son, Prince George and named his youngest Louis, reportedly after his great-great-uncle.