Fans had been rooting for the lovable youngest sister of Downton Abbey, Lady Sybil Crawley (played by Jessica Brown Findlay). As the most forward-thinking of the Grantham daughters, Sybil was the most relatable in the period drama so when she made her exit in 2012, her absence was very much felt on the small screen. The way in which Sybil actress Jessica Brown Findlay departed left everyone in floods of tears. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Downton Abbey.Lady Sybil was at the heart of a romantic scandal as she fell head over heels for the family's chauffeur Tom Branson (Allen Leech). Her parents and sisters Mary (Michelle Dockerty) and Edith Crawley (Laura Carmichael) far from approved and so fled to Ireland to get married. Eventually, they returned and Sybil's loved ones accepted the match at last to their relief. In a shocking twist though, the beloved Sybil died of a rare condition called eclampsia during childbirth, leaving everyone at the Grantham household distraught. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Lady Sybil Crawley was played by actress Jessica Brown Findlay, who decided to quit Downton Abbey. There is no way of knowing if Sybil would have been written out of the series at some stage but Findlay was the one who pushed an exit storyline for her character. The 32-year-old actress previously spoke about leaving Downton Abbey, despite its global success. She believed it was the right thing to do as Findlay needed to try something new. Findlay told Radio Times: "I didn’t want to fall into my comfort zone too much. "My contract was ending and I was unsure about signing away another year, leaving me terrified, and that’s what made me want to do it. "Being afraid and going into the unknown excites me, and what scared me more was to keep going and then one day discover it was all I could do and wish I had pushed myself more." Since exiting Downton Abbey, Findlay has gone on to star in various other dramas. DON'T MISS...'Shame on BBC!' Radio 2 listeners 'appalled' by Paul O'Grady departure [REACTION]Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael on 'gift' of 'life-changing' role [CAST]Jim Carter: Me a national treasure? Nay, I'm more of a trinket! [INTERVIEW] Findlay has featured in Black Mirror, The Riot Club, Misfits, Jamaica Inn, Brave New World, and Castlevania just to name a few. One of the star's biggest roles to date following Downton Abbey has been in Hulu's Harlots for two years as Charlotte Wells. Most recently, she played Izzie in the BBC One drama Life After Life earlier this year. She has got a few other projects in the pipeline as well which are called The Hanging Sun, Whatever After and Flatshare. Downton Abbey ended for good on ITV after six seasons with the last episode airing in 2015. Since then, the period drama has been brought to life once again but this time on the big screen. The first film, simply entitled Downton Abbey, was released in 2019, and the second, A New Era came out earlier this year. Downton Abbey is available to watch on Britbox.