Netflix’s historical series The Last Kingdom came to an end in March with the show’s season five finale. Although a battle was won and Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) fulfilled his mission, actor Micki Stoltt revealed he wasn’t satisfied by how the series was wrapped up.   The highly anticipated fifth season landed on screens with fans hooked to see if Uhtred would make it to Babbanburg. Many fans were left emotional as Uhtred was able to defy odds and claim Bebbanburg, fulfilling the wishes he had dreamed of since the beginning of the series. Uhtred also fought his cousin Wihtgar (Ossian Peret) and won the battle which led King Constantin (Rod Hallett) to set up a temporary truce with Uhtred on the condition that Northumbria remained independent. While fans expressed their satisfaction at the finale, Rognvaldr star Micki Stoltt slammed the ending and claimed it could have been better. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist   When asked if he was satisfied with the ending, Micki disclosed: “Well I think it's hard because satisfied is a weird word. “I was not satisfied with it ending as many [had] also written, we wanted another season, we wanted more." “It becomes like a weird sort of satisfaction,” the actor admitted. Speaking on the Screen Chronicles podcast, Micki continued: “There was huge satisfaction in finally having Uhtred back in Bebbanburg.”    During season five, fans were also introduced to Rognvaldr, Sigtryggr’s (Eysteinn Sigurðarson) brother. After Sigtryggr and his wife Stiorra (Ruby Hartley) began leading their own community, Rognvaldr arrived to seek refuge with his brother. Although Rognvaldr had been estranged, he asked Sigtryggr to offer a home for him and his people. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [THEORY]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr nearly played by different star [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Brida star admits being mocked by Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT]   However, instead of his arrival being a friendly reunion, Rognvaldr had shown up with ulterior motives. He and Brida (Emily Fox) had been planning to storm the kingdom and destroy Uhtred’s daughter Stiorra, who was also his sister-in-law. However their plan backfired after Brida's daughter was killed during the battle which forced her to retreat, and as a result, Rognvaldr became Sigtryggr's captive. The Viking warrior could not bring himself to kill his brother and instead, made him hold onto a red-hot iron pole as punishment until his hands were blistered.    After showing mercy on his brother, Sigtryggr was later killed after storming the Saxon camp. He was later punished to death as Uhtred was forced to kill Sigtryggr, his son-in-law by stabbing him. Following Sigtryggr's death, Rognvaldr was not seen again in the show, which could hint at a possible appearance in the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. The two-hour film will wrap up Uhtred's story and although a release date has yet to be announced, Uhtred star Alexander revealed production had ended. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix   