Despite fuel prices dropping in recent weeks, they still remain high. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to pay 172.30p per litre of unleaded. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who can expect to fork out 183.32p per litre of diesel on average. Because prices are still high, and with other household bills causing concern for drivers, many are looking into methods to boost their fuel economy. One of the most common pieces of advice is to look ahead and analyse what will happen on the road. This can include any diversions in the road, traffic lights, roundabouts or anything that could prevent the driver from travelling at steady speeds. By anticipating the road ahead, drivers can keep the car moving at the right speed and use less fuel. READ MORE: ULEZ expansion could create ‘more congestion’ as costs increase Rebecca Jackson, a professional racing driver, broke a world record for the most countries visited on a single tank of fuel. She managed to travel to 14 countries, alongside motoring journalist Andrew Frankel and with help from the RAC, without stopping to fill up. Speaking about the world record and how motorists could drive more economically, she said people need to focus on the road at all times. Rebecca added: “To set any kind of fuel efficiency world record you have to be looking ahead as much as possible to pre-empt oncoming hazards. DON'T MISS EVs ‘cheaper’ than petrol and diesel cars as drivers may save £1,900 [INSIGHT] Drivers can save £300 a month on Tesla Model 3 through car tax scheme [REVEAL] Drivers urged to make small changes to 'significantly' slash fuel use [ADVICE] “This is a good general driving habit but it was absolutely crucial for us. "It’s all about keeping moving and not losing momentum. “Accelerating from being stopped is very costly in fuel consumption terms and so is going up any steep incline.” The RAC said the best way to save fuel is to drive as smoothly as possible, gently using the steering, accelerator and brakes. READ MORE: Self-driving cars could be on UK roads next year, Grant Shapps says If red lights are currently showing, drivers can ease back on the accelerator or slow down naturally as opposed to coming to an abrupt stop. Ms Jackson continued: "We tried not to use the brakes as much by easing off the throttle to reduce speed. “If you can keep moving slowly rather than stopping in traffic that’s good, but you do have to be conscious of not being a pain to other drivers by leaving too much of a gap behind the car in front. "You need to listen to the engine to make sure you don’t use excessive revs but you need to use enough, so it’s a fine balance as you don’t want the car to be labouring too much either." As part of the world record attempt, they drove almost continuously, only stopping for 20 minutes at a time. In total, they drove 1,158.9 miles and travelled at an average speed of 45mph along the way. Throughout the challenge, Rebecca and Andrew achieved an incredible 75.9mpg.