Meghan Markle launched the first episode of her long-awaited Archetypes podcast, released on Spotify on Tuesday, in a conversation with her close friend, tennis great Serena Williams. The Duchess of Sussex has shared the trauma of how son Archie narrowly escaped a fire in his bedroom on the Sussexes' royal tour to South Africa. But the Daily Mail’s Diary Editor Richard Eden has since claimed famous people are unlikely to be "queueing up" to be on the podcast. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Eden said: "We didn't hear much about Serena, it was all about Meghan. "It was very much 'that's enough about me, what do you think of me?' "Instead of Serena making the headlines, all the headlines have been about Meghan's stories and the things she's disclosed during this podcast. "It was a missed opportunity, certainly for Serena. READ MORE: Meghan cleared out Frogmore Cottage during dash back to London  "Given that, I’m not sure famous people will be queueing up to go on it, because they’ll know it’s actually all about the supposed interviewer." Meghan spoke of her distress after learning of the near-miss soon after delivering an empowering speech to girls in the Nyanga township in Cape Town, before rushing back to see Archie and then having to leave him to carry out another official engagement. "There was this moment where I'm standing on a tree stump and I'm giving this speech to women and girls, and we finish the engagement, we get in the car and they say there's been a fire at the residence. What? There's been a fire in the baby's room," she said. Meghan added: "We came back. And, of course, as a mother, you go, 'Oh, my God, what?' Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken. And what do we have to do? Go out and do another official engagement. I said, 'This doesn't make any sense'." The Sussexes had dropped their young son off at the housing unit they were staying in for a sleep straight after flying in for their official tour in 2019, with the couple then leaving to kick start their royal visit with their first engagement. Archie's then nanny, named only as Lauren - a Zimbabwean who liked to tie him on her back with a mud cloth - had taken him downstairs with her instead while she went to get a snack, just as the heater in the nursery caught fire. Meghan said: "In that amount of time that she went downstairs, the heater in the nursery caught on fire. There was no smoke detector. Someone happened to just smell smoke down the hallway, went in, fire extinguished. He was supposed to be sleeping in there." The duchess described how she wanted to tell people what had happened. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'achieved what they wanted' with one foot in royals [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan looking at 'renewing wedding vows for Netflix', claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan 'showing Harry how it's done' with speech after empty seats [VIDEO] "I was like, Can you just tell people what happened? And so much, I think, optically, the focus ends up being on how it looks instead of how it feels," she said. She stressed the need for more understanding of the "human moments behind the scenes". The duchess added: "We had to leave our baby... and even though we were being moved into another place afterwards, we still had to leave him and go do another official engagement." Williams replies: "I couldn't have done that."