The Secrets She Keeps first made its debut in 2020 and now it is back for more, once again following Agatha Fyfle (played by Laura Carmichael) and Meghan Shaughnessy (Jessica De Gouw). While it appeared as if all loose ends had been tied up at the end of its first series, there is a whole other mystery yet to solve. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch The Secrets She Keeps. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Secrets She Keeps. The Secrets She Keeps season one was based on the book of the same name by Michael Robotham. The novel's ending was completed in the Australian drama but the story is being further developed for the small screen. Season two is ready to make its debut as it premieres on Saturday, August 13, at 9:15pm on BBC One. This latest season of The Secrets She Keeps will follow suit of series one and will also be made up of six episodes. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen Only the first episode of the second outing will make its debut on BBC One on August 13. From then on, a new instalment will be aired every Saturday night in the same timeslot. As long as there are no scheduled delays, The Secrets She Keeps season two's grand finale is going to be out on Saturday, September 17. Of course, there is another way to watch the drama if you're not keen on waiting over a month to find out what happens. Once the first episode of The Secrets She Keeps season two airs on BBC One, the entire boxset will become available on the streaming service BBC iPlayer. So there will be no need to tune into the broadcaster to watch the episode come out live every weekend. The entirety of season one is also already available to watch on the free streamer. Some fans of the series have already been treated to the second season. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Bernice Blackstock blamed for Mandy Dingle's death [THEORY]Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall [CAST]Casualty's Ethan Hardy sparks exit fears after cryptic clue [EXIT] As The Secrets She Keeps is an Australian production, it first aired Down Under on Paramount+. The second series originally aired last month and will reach its conclusion on Tuesday, August 16. Series two is also due to air on Sundance NOW in America but a start date hasn't been announced. From the synopsis, it sounds like there will be plenty more to follow up on in the new episodes. The official description says that The Secrets She Keeps season two is set "two years after Agatha kidnapped Meghan’s baby Ben" and it will be "it is time for Agatha to be tried in court". The synopsis continues: "Meghan, Jack and their entire family have attempted to move on as best they could, but their lives have remained deeply affected by the trauma. "A young investigative journalist, hungry to report on Agatha’s side of the story, hounds Meghan for information." The Secrets She Keeps season 2 premieres on Saturday, August 13, at 9:15pm on BBC One.