There are many causes for blocked bath drains, such as hair, soap build-up and residue from bath oils and conditioner. Strong chemicals and thick bleach products might be homeowners’ first point of call, but actually there are plenty of natural remedies you can use to fix a blocked drain. Unblocking drains doesn’t have to cost a fortune and in most cases, you can do it yourself to avoid unnecessary call-out costs. Drain experts at Coastal Drains have shared the “best solution” homeowners can use to unblock their drains for a “quick-fix”. They said: “If you are into natural treatments for blocked drains, here is a quick-fix that you can use with products likely already in your home. “The best solution to breaking down drain clogs is a mixture of baking soda and white vinegar. “The combination of baking soda and vinegar creates a chemical reaction that bubbles and fizzes, breaking down the blockage so that it can be easily washed away.” READ MORE: Robbie Williams’ quiet life at his £17.5million West London home The mildly acidic solution should break down more severe clogs and following up by pouring boiling water down a few hours later should help clear any lingering debris. To clear blocked bath drains using baking soda and vinegar, the experts instructed: “Start by pouring boiling water down your drain, followed by half a cup of baking soda. “Let the baking soda sit for a couple of minutes before following it with a cup of white vinegar and a little more hot water. “Leave this to work for five to 10 minutes and then flush the drain clean with boiling water.” DON'T MISS: House issues that can devalue your property by 20% - how to avoid [EXPERT]The ‘best way’ to prune lavender ‘effectively’ - ideal time to prune [TIPS]Lawn specialist shares ‘best’ time to ‘always’ water your grass [INSIGHT] The experts noted that using coat hangers can be an “effective way” of clearing blocked drains. They are often used on blockages that are harder to reach in your baths drainage system. Most people have a metal coat hanger lying around the house, so this tip is always worth trying. The drain pros advised: “Simply bend the wire coat hanger so that it fits easily down the plug hole. READ MORE: ‘Homemade cleaning solution’ to achieve ‘streak-free’ windows for 29p “Always send the hooked end first so that you can reach the blockage, twist the coat hanger to hook the debris, and pull it out. “The coat hanger method is a tried-and-tested trick but it works every time.” Using a plunger is “the next best step “when you are struggling to free a blockage from your bath drain. The experts said: “The best plunger to use for unblocking your drain is a ‘cup’ shaped plunger. “It is always best to use a plunger when there are no chemicals down the drain already as the plunger will inevitably pull all the chemicals back up the pipes and they may splash all over your clothes and skin.” The drain experts noted that the “best way” to use a plunger is to plunge in a “strong vertical up-and-down” motion. Keep the handle of the plunger as straight as possible, without tilting it, to create a seal and strong suction. Use the plunger in 15 to 20 second bursts before checking the results. Repeat the process a couple of times to check if it’s really working. Plungers are a great way to loosen blockages in the pipe and most of the time, they clear drains effectively.