The former chancellor spoke of the importance of “having control of our borders” as it was revealed that a record number of people attempted to cross the English Channel on Monday. Mr Sunak described the migrant crisis as an “emergency” and promised to make a “priority” the prevention of migrants attempting to get into the UK illegally. He said he would “remove the European definition of asylum” by way of ensuring the Rwanda policy can go ahead as it remains ensnared in the legal system.    Mr Sunak said: “Earlier in this campaign, I talked about some of the emergencies facing this country and illegal immigration is one of the ones I listed that I would tackle as a priority as Prime Minister. “I think it is wrong. My family came here because this country has a proud history of welcoming migrants. “But that has to be done legally. It has to be done fairly. When people are exploiting the system, that is wrong and it must be stopped. I’ve set out a detailed plan of how to get to grips with it. “It involves removing the European definition of asylum, moving to a different international definition. That will help us remove people. “I will do whatever it takes to make the Rwanda plan work because we must have control of our borders and as Prime Minister, that is what I will deliver."   The number of migrants arriving in Britain in small boats hit a record for a single day on Monday, as the rise in dangerous crossings over the English Channel continues despite the government's plans to deport those arriving illegally to Rwanda. Britain's Ministry of Defence said 1,295 people in 27 boats were intercepted after making the crossing from the European mainland on Monday. The figure surpasses the previous daily record of 1,185 set last November. The outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson had hoped that the threat of deporting people to Rwanda announced in April alongside other efforts, such as handing the navy the responsibility for intercepting migrants, would act as a deterrent to those arriving in dinghies and small boats. READ MORE: ‘The problem is us’: Farage blasts Brexit failures for migrant crisis [INSIGHT]   Under an agreement struck in April, Britain will send tens of thousands of migrants who arrive on its shores illegally more than 4,000 miles to the East African country. The policy will be the subject of a legal challenge in London's High Court in early September when a coalition of human rights groups and a trade union will argue that the Rwanda policy is unworkable and unethical. The first planned deportation flight in June was blocked by a last-minute injunction from the European Court of Human Rights. “The rise in dangerous Channel crossings is unacceptable,” a government spokesperson said. DON'T MISS: It must be made clear that illegal migrants cannot stay - COMMENT [OPINION] Royal Navy will stop patrolling migrants crossing the Channel [REVEAL] Burley silences Sunak supporter over PM chances 'It's all over!'  [REPORT]   “Not only are they an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they risk the lives of vulnerable people, who are being exploited by ruthless criminal gangs.” In 2021, 28,526 people were detected arriving on small boats - with the highest number from Iran followed by Iraq, Eritrea, and Syria. So far this year, more than 22,000 migrants have come to Britain, with government officials warning 60,000 could arrive by the end of the year. Both candidates vying to replace Johnson as prime minister, Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, have promised to push ahead with the Rwanda plan. READ NEXT: BRUM BOOM: Truss planning multi-million pound boost to the MidlandsSunak and Truss warned to make ‘bold’ energy decisionsConservative Party is in 'fast lane toward complete electoral wipeout'‘It can be tough’ Sunak hints he would REJECT Cabinet role Truss accused of 'flying blind' with tax cut plan 