Cutting calories has been a weight loss method for decades, but Dr Michael Mosley revealed "it's not always enough" to speed up fat burning. Instead, he explained that people need to avoid major food groups in order to hurry things along. Eating fewer calories than normal doesn’t necessarily mean a person will have to eat less food. To be able to cut calories without eating less and feeling hungry, higher calorie foods need to be replaced with lower calories ones that have a high satiety level. According to the CDC, these are usually foods containing a lot of water and that are high in fibre. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, Dr Mosley explained: "Cutting calories isn't always the best method." Instead, he advised avoiding sugar, starchy carbohydrates, and processed meat in order to transform the body’s metabolism and put it into fat-burning mode. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake He said: "Cut right down on sugar, sugary treats, drinks and desserts. "That includes most breakfast cereals, which are usually full of sugar, as well as most commercial smoothies." Consuming too much sugar increases the risk of heart disease, obesity, high blood pressure, and inflammation. And while some foods are especially high in sugar, people may not realise that they could be getting a lot of their sugar intake from what they drink. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] A good way to reduce their calories is to switch to zero-sugar drinks. According to Healthline, research has shown that liquid sugar may be "especially harmful" compared to getting it from solid food. The dietician went on to advise removing or minimising starchy carbohydrates. White bread, pasta, potatoes and white rice are all on his list of weight gain culprits. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Switch instead to whole grains including bulgur (cracked wheat), whole rye, wholegrain barley, wild rice and buckwheat," he said. "Brown rice is OK." Other "healthy and filling" alternatives to stodgy carbohydrates include lentils, kidney beans and chickpeas. Stocking up on fruit and vegetables will also play a huge role in a person's weight management plan. Substituting snacks with fruit and veg can easily save a person over 100 calories or more by opting for an apple rather than a protein bar.  The nutritionist also advised to avoid ultra-processed foods in order to "watch your waistline". This is because they're often "packed with sugar, fat, and salt, as well as chemical flavourings and preservatives". Foods that are considered processed include: Burgers Chips Pizzas Hotdogs Pre-packaged meals Mass-produced ice-cream Sweets Crisps Energy bars Bakery goods His Fast 800 diet website states that anything that includes the word "instant", such as instant noodles, soups and desserts. But there are alternatives. People can ensure they are avoiding processed foods by making them from scratch, or opting for lean meats at the supermarket.