The Duchess of Sussex is always on hand to show support to Harry when the pair are at engagements and out in public, according to expert Darren Stanton. Mr Stanton said the subtle changes in the way the couple act together during public appearances show how Meghan's role in the relationship has changed over time. They have always been quite affectionate in public and are regularly spotted holding hands. However, during Harry's speech at the UN to mark Nelson Mandela Day last month, one gesture by Meghan showed how their marriage has changed since the early days. Speaking on behalf of Betfair Casino, he said: "In the early days of Meghan Markle joining the Royal Family, there was a lot of speculation in terms of how she was going to convey herself and fit into life as a senior royal.  "Right from the outset, Meghan was a very strong and confident person. "Perhaps, this was due to her tenacious nature and the motivation she has had to have become a star in her own right in the world of acting - a career that takes a lot of determination and passion, traits she has shown to have intrinsically. “It’s clear from Meghan’s body language that she loves Harry very much. She very much plays the role of his biggest supporter in their relationship, with Meghan on hand to boost Harry’s confidence in situations where he isn’t feeling as self-assured. "Over the years we’ve seen many tell-tale gestures of Meghan helping Harry to feel at ease, like her touching his elbow when they’re out at engagements or holding his hand or arm to give reassurance". READ MORE: Fans wish Princess Beatrice well – but Royal Family publicly SILENT He added: "Another way Meghan shows Harry she is on hand to support him is by subtly placing her hand on his back - both a protective and comforting gesture. "There’s no denying that Harry sees Meghan as his rock and while she was previously used to being the centre of attention, she is more than content letting Harry take centre stage.” Harry and Meghan have always been openly tactile with one another unlike other members of the Firm including Prince William and Kate. The reason for this is because the Cambridge's don't feel like they have to "prove" themselves on outings because they know they have a "deep connection", Mr Stanton said.  Speaking about the Sussexes' public displays of affection, he said it is clear they are still "deeply in love". He said: "A tell-tale sign that shows how deeply Meghan is in love with Harry is the way she looks at him with a fixed gaze. "When Harry is talking or engaged in an activity, you’ll notice Meghan is transfixed on him, staring at him adoringly - a sign of reciprocal liking and sharing a deep rapport with someone." 