Netflix’s highly acclaimed series Breaking Bad became a worldwide hit and inspired the inception of its prequel spin-off Better Call Saul. However, showrunner Vince Gilligan admitted if he wasn’t pursued otherwise, Lalo Salamanca (played by Tony Dalton) would’ve never existed.   Breaking Bad followed the life of chemistry teacher Walter White, whose life turned upside down after a cancer diagnosis. As the medical bills began to mount, he decided to sell Meth in order to ease the burden. However, his motives soon turned dark after meeting his business parted Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul). Throughout the series, a number of characters were introduced and while their backstories were explored, Lalo remained a mystery. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  The character was first referenced during the season two episode ‘Better Call Saul’. During the scene, Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) was convinced he was going to be left for dead in the desert. Jesse and Walter had kidnapped him and intimidated him as he was held at gunpoint. A panicked Saul pleaded for his life and stated: “It wasn't me! It was Ignacio, he's the one,” before asking if Lalo was the reason they had kidnapped him.   Although that was the only mention of Lalo in Breaking Bad, its hugely successful spin-off introduced him as one of the show’s threatening villains. Making his first appearance in the season four episode Couchetta, Lalo thwarted Ignacio ‘Nacho’ Varga’s (Michael Mondo) plans to leave the drug business with his father. When Nacho walked into El Michoacáno, he found Lalo in the kitchen making a burrito. Despite his plans to go legit, Lalo told Nacho: “Don’t worry. It’s gonna be like I’m not even here,” reaffirming the fact he was going to keep the cartel business going. DON'T MISS...Tony Blackburn speaks out as BBC blasted for ageism [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans in meltdown as Kim meets Breaking Bad legend [INSIGHT]Emilio Better Call Saul: What happened to Jesse Pinkman's friend? [INSIGHT]   However, if it was up to showrunner Vince Gilligan, Lalo would have never existed to become the show’s stand-out villain. The creator confessed: “There wouldn’t have been a Lalo if it’d been up to me, that’s how dumb I am.” Vince revealed Lalo was only going to be mentioned in Breaking Bad as “a throwaway line,” as he didn’t see the need to introduce him as a character. As the show’s other writers including Peter Gould insisted otherwise, Vince admitted: ”And they were so right to keep pushing.”   Speaking on the Talk Show aftershow, Vince stated: “Because we wouldn’t have had Tony Dalton, and the whole universe would’ve been poorer for it.” The ruthless cartel member eventually met his death after months of planning his revenge against Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito). The confrontation took place in episode eight after Lalo killed Gus’ henchmen which left the two alone. While Lalo took a video recording of meeting Gus, things soon took an unexpected turn after Gus shot the villain in the neck. Breaking Bad seasons 1-5 are available on Netflix Better Call Saul continues Monday on AMC in the US and Tuesday on Netflix in the UK 