Popular Twitter page No Context Brits yesterday posted a picture of a map which shows the distribution of Waitrose stores across the UK. The supermarket chain is known for its high-quality – and, therefore, more costly – goods. The map shows a profusion of these stores in the South of England, so many and so close that the specific number is difficult to determine from this source alone, compared to just a handful in the North. No Context Brits commented: “The North-South divide illustrated by Waitrose.” This was quick to prompt a wide-ranging debate on the significance of the divide the map was said to point to. A number of commentators argued that there are far fewer Waitrose stores in the North because there are Booths shops instead. Founded in 1847, Booths is a high-end supermarket with 27 branches across North West England. It claims to bring “the best good and drink” in the region, which it calls “Booths Country”. Graham King responded to the map joking: "Can’t be easy for a second-rate grocer like Waitrose to get a foothold in Booths Country.” ‘LancashireandBeyond’ added: “One of the reasons for the lack of Waitrose stores in the North is the Booths supermarket chain.” READ MORE: Archie Battersbee lawyers call for urgent reform These, they said, “cater for the same demographic”. @rottenjohnny7 joked: “We obviously don't like being ripped off oop North.” @nicoleloiseee added that Waitrose is “genuinely one of the things that I don’t care if the South keeps”. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] She said: “Booths and M&S are better.” @liverthor also wrote: “The North has Booths the South has Waitrose. “The north wins.” Some argued that a different map would better illustrate England’s North-South divide. @phil_dfc wrote: “The best one is definitely Pret vs Greggs.” Others also highlighted that some Waitrose stores located in the North were not pinpointed on the map shared by No Context Brits.