Adam Henson, 56, has previously opened up on one of the darkest times in his farming career. The Countryfile star recalled when his animals were struck by foot and mouth disease, and had to be slaughtered in droves. According to the Department of Agriculture, foot-and-mouth disease is a serious and highly contagious animal disease that affects all cloven-hoofed animals such as cattle, sheep, goats, camelids, deer and pigs. Symptoms include blisters or ulceration, drooling, high temperature, and a reluctance to move. It is recommended that farmers “humanely destroy” infected animals. There was a terrible outbreak of the illness in 2001, with 2,000 cases of the disease reported in farms across most of the countryside. More than six million cows and sheep were killed as a result, causing a crisis in the farming industry. “The foot and mouth year was incredibly difficult for the whole of the British countryside,” Adam recalled to Express.co.uk. “The countryside was closed down with animals being slaughtered and burned in pyres all over the countryside, which is horrendous.” Discussing how it affected his farm, the BBC star added: “And for us, my business partner and I invested in the Cotswold Farm Park enterprise and borrowed a significant amount of money to try and improve what we had. “And we are on the tenanted farm, (so) we live in rented houses on a rented farm. “And then foot and mouth hit and we were sitting at a kitchen table with our wives and children thinking how on earth are we ever going to get through. “We thought we are going to lose our business, our farm and our homes. It was incredibly difficult.” Last month, Adam was forced to address false rumours he is leaving Countryfile. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire [LATEST]Phillip Schofield in hospital after ‘pioneering and expensive’ surgery [UPDATE]Escape To The Chateau's Dick & Angel stun with 'grown up' pics of kids [PICTURES] He has starred on the show since 2001 after being spotted during a search for a new presenter. Adam shared a video of himself with a bull as he confirmed the important news to his 47,100 followers. "A couple of months ago I launched my series on our Youtube channel and because of that the press picked up and assumed that I was leaving Countryfile,” he began. "Well, unless Countryfile wants to get rid of me I am seeing with the program for the foreseeable future. "So for those of you who are worried or concerned that I am leaving Countryfile, thank you for your concern, but I'm definitely not. “It's fake news,” he added. The caption read: "Be careful of fake news! "I hope you'll be glad to know I'm not leaving @bbccountryfile #bbccountryfile #fakenews."