Andy Murray feels he has not been as fit as he is at this year's US Open for a number of years and is confident of going on a "deep run". Murray is through to the third round of the US Open for the first time since 2016 after coming from a set down to defeat young American Emilio Nava.  The 20-year-old had come through a testing five-set match against John Millman to win the first Grand Slam match of his career. It set up a fascinating clash with Murray, who made light work of his opening-round match with No 24 seed Francisco Cerundolo. Murray had some good chances to get an early break against Nava, but was unable to convert before being made to pay later in the first set. The American ended up taking his chance and found himself a set up and staring at the possibility of a huge scalp. Murray kept his cool though and once he took the second set, the result only looked to be heading one way. Nava's performance levels dropped while Murray was relentless in hitting deep into the court before wrapping up the match to reach the third round.  Matteo Berrettini will likely be up next for the three-time major champion while he also has Stefanos Tsitsipas in his quarter. Casper Ruud could potentially be waiting in the quarter-final before a possible semi-final with Daniil Medvedev while Rafael Nadal will be favourite to reach the final from his half of the draw. And Murray has firmly set his sights on upsetting the apple cart at this year's US Open. "Physically, this is the best I've felt in the last few years," Murray said.  "My movement is by far the best it's been in a long time and that's always been an important part of my game and nowadays especially with a lot of the guys know hitting huge balls, you need to be able to defend well. I feel like I'm doing that just now. I'm getting closer to where I want to be and hopefully I can have a deep run here. Murray praised Nava for forcing him to change things up in the match to get the win and tipped his opponent for a bright future in the game. "I think I started to take the ball on a little bit more," Murray added. "He was dictating a lot of the points in the first set. Once I started to hit a bit bigger and a bit deeper, I was then able to control the points. "He also played a long first-round match - a five-setter against John Millman - and I think that's the first five-setter he's played so it's not always that easy to recover and I think his level dropped a little bit in the third and fourth sets. But he's a brilliant young player and he's going to have a very bright future."