The Speaker of the US House of Representatives arrived in Taipei despite Beijing repeatedly warning against the trip to Taiwan, which China claims as its own. Ms Pelosi and her delegation disembarked from a US Air Force transport plane at Songshan Airport in downtown Taipei and were greeted by Taiwan's foreign minister, Joseph Wu, and Sandra Oudkirk, the top US representative in Taiwan. President Tsai will meet Pelosi at the presidential office on Wednesday morning before having lunch with her. Ms Pelosi’s flight was one of the most closely tracked flights ever, as over 100,000 people were tracking it when it took off from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on Flightradar24. The next most popular flight had been tracked by about 3,000 people. By the time the flight had turned north toward Taiwan, Flightradar24 was struggling to support the high demand. In a post on Twitter, the service said: Because of unprecedented sustained tracking interest in SPAR19, Flightradar24 services are under extremely heavy load. "Some users may experience issues accessing the site." On her arrival, Ms Pelosi said: "Our Congressional delegation’s visit to Taiwan honours America’s unwavering commitment to supporting Taiwan’s vibrant democracy. "Our visit is part of our broader trip to the Indo-Pacific — including Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan — focused on mutual security, economic partnership and democratic governance. "Our discussions with Taiwan leadership will focus on reaffirming our support for our partner and on promoting our shared interests, including advancing a free and open Indo-Pacific region. "America’s solidarity with the 23 million people of Taiwan is more important today than ever, as the world faces a choice between autocracy and democracy. "Our visit is one of several Congressional delegations to Taiwan – and it in no way contradicts long-standing United States policy, guided by the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979, U.S.-China Joint Communiques and the Six Assurances. The United States continues to oppose unilateral efforts to change the status quo." Pelosi was on a tour of Asia that includes announced visits to Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan. This visit is the first official visit to Taiwan by a Speaker of the United States House of Representatives in 25 years. China claims self-ruled Taiwan as its own, and a foreign ministry spokesman said earlier this week that any visit by Pelosi would be "a gross interference in China's internal affairs" and warned that "the Chinese People's Liberation Army will never sit idly by." China's foreign ministry condemned Pelosi's visit to China, saying it seriously damages peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait. In a statement issued just after her arrival in Taipei late on Tuesday, China's foreign ministry said Pelosi's visit severely impacts the political foundations of China-US relations, and said it had lodged a strong protest with the United States. READ MORE: China unveils map with EXACT locations it will encircle Taiwan  The United States said on Monday it would not be intimidated by what it called Chinese "sabre-rattling". Taiwan's foreign ministry welcomed the US delegation and stated that Pelosi's visit shows "rock-solid" US support for Taiwan and that the visit will boost Taiwan-US ties. On Tuesday night, Taiwan's tallest building, Taipei 101, lit up with messages including: "Welcome to Taiwan", "Speaker Pelosi", "Taiwan (heart) USA". With tensions already high, several Chinese warplanes flew close to the median line dividing the Taiwan Strait on Tuesday morning, a source told Reuters. Several Chinese warships have also sailed near the unofficial dividing line since Monday, the source said. The source said both Chinese warships and aircraft "squeezed" the median line, an unusual move the person described as "very provocative." DON'T MISS: Nuclear ANNIHILATION just 'one miscalculation away', UN chief warns'Relief for the world!' First Ukrainian grain ship leaves OdessaGlobal financial crash alert as China's property sector faces collapse The Chinese aircraft repeatedly conducted tactical moves of briefly "touching" the median line and circling back to the other side of the strait while Taiwanese aircraft were on standby nearby, the person said. The Chinese planes left the area in the afternoon but the ships remained, they said. Neither side's aircraft normally cross the median line. Russia - itself locked in confrontation with the West over its invasion of Ukraine - also chimed in on Pelosi's expected visit. Maria Zakharova, Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman, said the visit was a provocative U.S. attempt to pile pressure on China, a country with which Russia has forged a strong partnership in recent years. "The USA is a state provocateur," Zakharova said. "Russia confirms the principle of 'one China' and opposes the independence of the island in any form." 