Prince Louis will join his siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince George at a new primary school this year as Kate Middleton and Prince Willian will be moving to Berkshire to be closer to the Queen.  The move must be an exciting time for the royal children as they will be moving away from their family home Kensington Palace in West London. It will be the first time the three royal siblings will attend the same school. Prince George began his education at the Westacre Montessori School in Norfolk near the royal family estate Anmer Hall. Both Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis attended Willcocks Nursery School in London, where it cosrs £14,500 a year per student to attend.  Founded in 1964, Willcocks Nursery offers its students many activities such as jigsaws, poetry, drama and even cooking lessons, Students attend classes such as French and math while also taking trips to nearby museums. The Nursery describes itself on its website as: “a traditional nursery school which strives to maintain its ethos for high standards, excellence and good manners.” The Cambridge’s will be attending Lambrook School in Berkshire in September, which is close to Windsor Castle. READ MORE: 'Clock is ticking' for Meghan and Harry as Netflix patience tested It has been reported that Kate and William have visited the school serval times this year and the Prince even spoke to students in attendance about their Latin classes. The new primary school increases its fees for children as they move up through their classes, which means this the Cambridge children will cost £71,344. As he is just starting primary school, Prince Louis’ education will cost £17,556, Princess Charlotte’s will cost £25,792 and the highest fees will be Prince George’s classes, which will cost £27, 996 per year. The school includes many fun activities for its students, which include a scuba diving club, a cooking club, a bee farm, a polo club and a golf course containing nine holes. DON'T MISS: Kate and Prince William tipped for Windsor home 'swap' with Fergie [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan to visit Britain again, despite security claims... [BREAKING]Kate & William snubbed as Harry & Meghan NOT expected to meet in UK [INSIGHT] Prince Louis has lots of fun activities to look forward to, as first years get to attend “Forest Fridays” where children head to the school grounds to build dens and roast marshmallows near a fire. Lambrook parents are reportedly excited for the royal children to join their community, but some are worried about the amount of media coverage the school has received. One parent told The Telegraph: “We’ll see what happens – if it gets too crazy we won’t send our second child there. We like it the way it is.” The Cambridge family will be moving to Adelaide Cottage, which is right next to Windsor Castle where the Queen currently resides. The Daily Mail has reported that the Duke and Duchess have moved so that Prince William can take on more royal duties from the Queen to prepare him for his future role as Britain’s monarch. 