Motor neurone disease is a pernicious and incurable condition; one which strips the body of its ability to move all the muscles in the body. It is this condition which is affecting former rugby player Ed Slater, a man who has just completed a mammoth bike ride in aid of his MND campaign. Slater joins Doddy Weir and Rob Burrow as former players who have been diagnosed with MND in recent years, both of whom have worked tirelessly to raise money for research into the condition. Speaking about how the disease affected him on the ride, Slater said: I’ve just noticed that I’m extremely tired very quickly, so I have to manage that. I said to Lewis [teammate] yesterday during the day there are parts where I feel I need to crash and sleep, but part of me doesn’t want to get into that because I want to fight against it. I want to keep moving and keep as much in shape as I can.” READ MORE: Eyesight: Drink enjoyed by millions linked to retinal disease  Slater said of the disease that “I ultimately have to face it” but added that he didn’t “want to wallow in self-pity, I want to get on with things”. Just like other conditions, MND causes a range of symptoms early on, this includes:• Weakness in ankle or a leg• Slurred speech• A weak grip• Muscle cramps and twitches• Weight loss• Difficulty stopping sudden crying or laughter at inappropriate moments. MND is very rare. The NHS say that the disease “affects around two in every 100,000 people in the UK each year” with around 5,000 people living with the condition. The condition, says the national health service, normally affects people in their 60s and 70s, but it can impact anyone of any age.    MND is caused by a problem with cells in the brain known as motor neurones, these neurones control the body’s movements. Over time, MND causes these cells to stop working and, as a result, someone with the condition becomes unable to move. In common with other degenerative conditions such as dementia, there are no treatments which can stop the progression, only those which can help to reduce the impact of the condition on the patient’s daily life. However, scientists are working towards breakthroughs which could change the face of MND in the future. READ MORE: Dementia: Two types of humour associated with decline   This includes two recent positive studies, one from the University of Sydney and the other from the University of Edinburgh. At the University of Sydney, scientists have discovered an abnormal protein present in all forms of MND. Publishing their results in the Brain journal, the team has confirmed their study is the first to confirm the presence of these toxic changes. Professor Kay, senior author of the study, said: “It is a big step in advancing our understanding of motor neuron disease. Our findings will direct further research and could ultimately lead to more effective treatments.” Should scientists work out a way to combat this protein, it could lead to new treatments or even a cure for MND in the future. Meanwhile, in Scotland, a team from the University of Edinburgh says a treatment for the condition could already exist in the form of terazosin - a drug which has been found to protect against the death of motor neurones. As a result of these results, the team has embarked on a feasibility study before a full clinical trial with MND patients if this proves successful. Should this clinical trial prove successful, it could also change the face of the MND landscape in the UK and protect the lives of patients of the present as well as the future.