You can feel the fear up and down the land as fuel bills rise and incomes in real terms fall. Last week, the Governor of the Bank of England was particularly downbeat and although we don’t share his pessimism on the future of the British economy, he made it clear that action needs to be taken as soon as possible to avoid an ongoing financial crisis and full-blown recession. Liz Truss understands this and that’s why she is ahead in the polls to become Prime Minister. Although she hasn’t ruled out “handouts”, she believes that tax cuts are the best way to get Britain back on track. The counter argument is that tax cutting leads to greater inflation, but that is not necessarily the case, especially when households will use any savings from those cuts to pay their fuel bills. Ms Truss will embark on an emergency budget and promises to hit the ground running if she is handed the keys to Downing Street. This will chime with Toryparty members and, more important, with the wider electorate. ------------------------------ Where does ambition end and delivery begin when it comes to the fight against dementia? Rightly, Dr Bart De Strooper, boss of the respected UK Dementia Research Institute, believes that we’ve heard endless talk about wanting to achieve breakthroughs that could save the lives of dementia sufferers and, in turn, lessen the burden on their love ones, but organisations such as his remain woefully underfunded. “Put your money where your mouth is,” says Dr De Strooper. Which is exactly what the Express has been calling for in its Deliver Dementia Cash campaign. We’ve constantly urged the Government to honour its promise to double the funding for research into dementia to £160million – and we will continue to do so whoever ends up as our next Prime Minister. We have some of the greatest scientific researchers on the planet – but for too long they’ve been going about their work on dementia with one hand tied behind their backs. No more funding promises. What we need now is action. ------------------------------ Ellie SimmonDs, the British paralympian swimmer, says she’s “bursting with excitement” about joining Strictly in September. So are we, Ellie! Your dance moves might need some work – and you will be put through your paces, that’s for sure – but your infectious smile and enthusiasm for life have already made you a winner in the hearts of the British people. Bring it on!