In October, the UK’s energy prices are expected to rise by 70 percent, taking average annual household dual-fuel bills covering both gas and electricity to more than £3,359. Countries across Europe have seen energy prices rise following the increase in wholesale prices, which has been blamed on Russia. While the UK only relies on Russia for 4 percent of its usage, its sources across the continent have begun refusing to send energy due to the rise in costs. Now, power supplies from Norway to Britain could be curtailed because of a lack of rain, according to the country’s energy minister. Terje Aasland said Norway plans to limit electricity exports because the hydropower reservoirs used to generate 90 per cent of its supplies are low. He told energy news site Montel: “We are looking at how to limit exports in situations where reservoir filling becomes critically low. “Then we must secure enough power for our national consumption.” While the UK only relies on Russia for 4 percent of its usage, its sources across the continent have begun refusing to send energy due to the rise in costs. Now, power supplies from Norway to Britain could be curtailed because of a lack of rain, according to the country’s energy minister. Terje Aasland said Norway plans to limit electricity exports because the hydropower reservoirs used to generate 90 per cent of its supplies are low. He told energy news site Montel: “We are looking at how to limit exports in situations where reservoir filling becomes critically low. “Then we must secure enough power for our national consumption.” About half of the UK’s gas comes from the North Sea, and a third is sourced from Norway. Reservoir levels in Norway are at 49.3 percent, against the seasonal average of 74.4 percent. A subsea "interconnector" cable between Norway and Britain, which was completed last year at a cost of £1.4 billion, can supply enough electricity for 1.4 million UK homes. National Grid was previously assuming this cable will be available when needed this winter. Phil Hewitt of EnAppSys, a consultancy, told the Times of Norway’s planned cuts: "The current tight situation in Great Britain's power markets for this winter is now threatened with more uncertainty from what was thought to be one of the most reliable sources of imported electricity." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Portugal row sees 35,000 Brits without ID cards It comes after analysts at Cornwall Insights said October could see bills reach more than £3,359, and remain high until 2024. A review of support for the next price cap periods should be top of the to-do list for any incoming prime minister, said Craig Lowrey, principal consultant at Cornwall Insight. Cornwall Insight added the cap is expected to rise again in January, to £3,616 a year, and remain above £3,000 a year until at least 2024. Addressing Rishi Sunak’s measures announced in May, Mr Lowrey added: “Our new figures show that even increasing support for October will not make much of a dent in what is likely to be a sustained period of high energy bills.” DON'T MISS Harry facing fury of ex-police chief over lawsuit Archie Battersbee dead: 12-year-old's life support turned off Double hit for us!' Brexit row with EU threatens Northern Ireland While still Chancellor, Mr Sunak announced a £15 billion package of support for households, saying that each home would receive a £400 energy bill credit for when the price cap rises in October. Mr Sunak has also said he would temporarily scrap value-added tax (VAT) on energy bills, currently at five percent, if he becomes leader. Ms Truss, meanwhile, has said she would halt green levies on bills, which would reduce bills by less than 8 percent. On Wednesday, Martin Lewis issued a “grim” warning that some fixed energy deals that appear “sickeningly" expensive might now be the best available prices. Mr Lewis wrote on his MoneySavingExpert website: “The UK energy market is broken. The theory is we're meant to gain from competition, but there hasn't been any – instead we have effectively regulatory-enforced high prices. “Yet there are opportunities to take action to help, not because there are great deals out there, but because the latest analysis is the future looks even WORSE, with the prediction for the next price cap continuing to rise, so it's now far higher than even a couple of months ago. “This means some sickeningly costly fixes look like they may now be winners.”