Better Call Saul airs on AMC and Netflix, and the Breaking Bad prequel has almost come to an end. The upcoming episode is titled Breaking Bad, meaning it could feature cameos from Walter White (played by Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the episode is out. Fans are more excited than ever for the upcoming episode after its official title was released. They were aware Cranston and Paul would be reprising their roles as the iconic Breaking Bad characters before the spin-off comes to an end. While they are yet to make an appearance, the title of the new episode suggests it's their time to shine. Episode 11, titled Breaking Bad, will air on AMC and AMC+ on August 1, from 9pm Eastern Time and 6pm PST. On Netflix, the episode will arrive the next day with fans in the US having access from midnight, and those in the UK from 8am. READ MORE: Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn pays tribute to ‘legend’ co-star Viewers said an emotional goodbye to Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) earlier in the series. Jimmy (Bob Odenkirk) and Kim's relationship has seemingly come to an end for the time being. However, he is expected to make acquaintances with some exciting new characters in the upcoming episode. The synopsis for the next episode says: "The partners escalate their enterprise to new levels." This is not the first time the Breaking Bad era has been seen in the series. Cranston said a total of three scenes had been filmed featuring their characters. There is a scene with Walt, a seen with Jesse and a third scene with both Breaking Bad stars together. He did not give anything away about who else would appear in the scenes. Speaking on the SiriusXM's Basic! podcast, he said: "It's pretty cool. "But to be honest with you, because we shot everything in a bubble and completely out of sequence, I don't even know what episodes we're in. You're gonna find out." DON'T MISS... Better Call Saul: What happens to Hector Salamanca in Breaking Bad? [EXPLAINER] Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn reflects on ‘awful’ Chuck scene [INTERVIEW] Better Call Saul cab driver: Why was Don Harvey replaced by Pat Healy? [INSIGHT] Cranston and Paul's appearances in the series were kept top secret, and they were flown to the set in the darkness of night. They were taken to a special duplex where they would say for the entire duration of the shoot. Cranston said they were not allowed to leave for anything other than filming. The series finale will air on August 15 and it will be a bittersweet moment for fans. There are only two more episodes to go after Monday's special instalment, and viewers should gear up for an emotional ending. They took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the latest news about the upcoming episode. Richard Kappler said: "I hope in this week's Better Call Saul Walt and Jesse show up at Gene’s Cinnabon and it’s revealed this whole story takes place in a slightly different universe than Breaking Bad. And then watch the internet tear itself apart." Ash added: "The fact that I have no idea what will happen in the next Better Call Saul episode is honestly great. Timeline? Characters? Beats me. #BetterCallSaul #bettercallsaulseason6." Sumeet Joshi shared: "#BetterCallSaul season 6 is the most exciting one. Can’t keep calm for the s6e11 which is titled ‘Breaking Bad’."  Better Call Saul season 6 airs on AMC at 9pm ET and 6pm PT on Monday. Viewers in the UK can watch on Netflix from 8am on Tuesday.