Last year, The Beatles: Get Back arrived on Disney+ with eight hours of mostly unseen footage of the Fab Four in their 1969 Let It Be sessions. Peter Jackson cleaned up a ton of behind-the-scenes moments of John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, who were clearly having the time of their lives. Almost a year on and McCartney has had a chance to see The Beatles: Get Back and recently gave a Q&A for fans on his official website. One fan, also called Paul, said: “I just wanted to say thank you. Just like lockdown re-ignited my love of football, Get Back has re-ignited my love of The Beatles. Can I ask what part of the documentary bought the biggest smile to your face? Mine was you and Ringo playing piano together.” McCartney, who turned 80 this year, replied: “There were quite a few smiles: me and John goofing around on ‘Two of Us’ acting like ventriloquists and singing through our teeth; me and John goofing around on ‘Bathroom Window’ where we start ringing Tuesday - “Hello Tuesday!” - that was nice. But the one that immediately comes to mind is John dancing - just seeing him dancing. It’s very cute, and he was actually a really good mover!” READ MORE: Ringo Starr marks 60 years as Beatles drummer after Pete Best fired The interviewer also asked: “We think a lot of people would agree with that. We’ve also seen a lot of online chat about the fashion in Get Back – I think you wore a tank-top in some of the footage which is something people loved!” McCartney said: “Well yeah, the fashion was amazing back then. In Get Back, George was stunning, some of his suits and things were great, you know. But we were all into fashion.” DON'T MISS‘Rock is dead!’ Gene Simmons blames fans for no new Elvis or Beatles [GENE SIMMONS]Ringo Starr announces new music and shares hilarious Deep Purple video [RINGO STARR]Rolling Stones ‘Keith Richards’ obsession drove me batty!’ says Jagger [ROLLING STONES] McCartney added: “We’d come down from Liverpool and were earning decent money for the first time, and there was Kings Road and Fulham Road in Chelsea where we’d go shopping. And everyone we knew was very into fashion - I was thinking about Charlie Watts just the other day, and Charlie was quite the dandy! He would go to Savile Row and get his suits… We all loved it.” The Rolling Stones drummer died a year ago at the age of 80. The Beatles: Get Back is streaming on Disney+. SOURCE