Former diplomat Victor Gao defended China's dramatic reaction to Nancy Pelosi's visit to neighbouring Taiwan,  claiming that China's decision to begin military drills due to Ms Pelosi's visit was justified. The former diplomat claimed Ms Pelosi had ignored warnings not to go to Taiwan from, China's President Xi Jinping and US President Joe Biden. Mr Gao branded the visit as "unauthorised and illegitimate" at a time of heightened hostility between China and the US. BBC host Martha Kearney said: "Why has the visit from Nancy Pelosi provoked such a strong reaction from China?" Mr Gao told Radio 4s Today programme: "I think China's reaction is fully expected and fully justified. "Why Nancy Pelosi went to Taipei not as a tourist, not as a grand old... Visit to the shopping mall, she is there in her official capacity as speaker of the House of Representatives. "And she ranks number two in the line of succession to the presidency of the United States, next only to the Vice President of the United States. JUST IN: Putin's puppet lays out plan to snatch Ukrainian children from families 'Have to do this!'     Mr Gao added: "China has given repeated warnings before her visit, against her visit. "And she disregarded the Chinese warnings, she disregarded President Biden's counselling, as well as the Pentagon's counselling. "Therefore her visit is illegitimate and unauthorised, and China is indifferent about that." Ms Kearney added: "Well whatever China's objections to the visit, and indeed the status of it, does it really warrant the idea of these military drills including a live fire ammunition?" Mr Gao said: "Absolutely!" READ MORE: Essex fire: Huge plume of smoke rises near Lakeside Shopping Centre as blaze rages     The Chinese army has been ramping up military drills, and military experts claim this is a direct response to Ms Pelosi's visit to Taiwan. The Chinese army crossed over into Taiwan's territory during the military drills, heightening the fears of invasion globally. The drills were announced by China's state media news channel, which broadcast images of a map showing exactly where the drills were taking place. Ms Pelosi has been accused of infuriating China's leader Xi Jinping with her visit and her message. DON'T MISS:Russian military positions obliterated by Ukrainian forces [VIDEO]Putin 'eating handily' into Moscow reserves as Russia on brink [INSIGHT]China's aggression against Taiwan risks war in Asia: 'Pick a side!' [ANALYSIS]    Ms Pelosi said: "Our Congressional delegation’s visit to Taiwan honours America’s unwavering commitment to supporting Taiwan’s vibrant democracy.  