Lady Louise is the only daughter of Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward. The 18-year-old was seen sporting a patterned midi-length dress, which had been worn seven years prior by her mother, to the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham on Monday. According to royal expert Neil Sean, Sophie claims that she often spots her daughter "raiding her wardrobe" and taking her "vintage" clothing. The royal expert discussed the mother-daughter fashion swap in one of his latest YouTube videos. Mr Sean added: "According to Sophie, as I say who I knew very well way back in her Capital Radio days, she's now got the unenviable task of finding that her daughter Lady Louise is raiding her wardrobe. "This particular dress that you've seen Lady Louise wearing was, in fact, worn over five years ago now by Sophie at an event." She added: "According to a very good source, Sophie's finding increasingly things moving out of her wardrobe and into Lady Louise's. "[And] apparently they're not fashionable, they're vintage. READ MORE: 'There are hints in the book' Tom Bower lifts lid on who made 'royal racist' claims "I love that, don't you, when they just don't want to give you the element of being on trend or fashionable, it's just vintage so I might wear it, Mum." He continued: "I thought they look both splendid on the day. "You can see a real warmth and bond between them." The royal expert claimed that "a lot of people are saying she [Lady Louise] is the next big rising star within the monarchy", adding, "totally agree with you on that." READ MORE: Kate leaves fans stunned as she ditches engagement ring for Commonwealth Games The dress, which Sophie wore in 2015, was designed by the same designer who designed Princess Eugenie’s wedding gown. Much like her brother James, 14, Louise has grown up far from the spotlight, also thanks to her parents' decision not to give her a royal title. Lady Louise celebrated her 18th birthday last November and since then, has gained the ability to decide for herself whether she wants to take on the HRH style and title of princess, which she has the right to as granddaughter of the Queen. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [LIVE] Prince Harry hailed in 'proud announcement' [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry silent online on Archewell for FOUR months [REPORT] Lady Louise has often been dubbed the Queen's favourite grandchild and played a part in the recent Platinum Jubilee. Louise, being watched by her proud grandmother, led the horse parade during the closing night of A Gallop Through History. The 18-year-old inherited her love for carriage driving from her late grandfather, Prince Philip. READ NEXT: