Engineer Kirk Stevens, 39, says he had a special agreement with his ex-girlfriend Laura Hoyle, 40, that she would put £25 in the lotto every week instead of paying him rent to stay in his £240,000 three-bed house in Hucknall, Nottingham. The couple’s dreams came true in March last year when Laura landed the National Lottery’s Set for Life jackpot, giving her £10,000 a month for the next 30 years. All seemed set for a happy life together, with the two even hitting the headlines when they announced they would use the money to become professional ghost hunters. But now Kirk has been left devastated as he claims Laura, whom he met in 2018, has dumped him. He says she has moved into a swanky new pad and cut him off from the jackpot winnings - which he shares he is entitled to a share of. Even though the ticket was bought in Laura’s name and on her account, Kirk believes they were joint winners given their rental agreement. He told the Sun: “Laura had told me we’d live the life of Riley if we won. "Now she’s gone. She pulled the plug and took everything. She even wants our two dogs.” The couple broke it off in June this year after attending a friend’s wedding in Bristol. Kirk said he wanted to try and fix their relationship, but Laura wasn’t interested. He said the money and financial independence winning the lottery had given Laura had also given her the confidence to abandon their relationship. He went as far as to brand her “snobbish and superior.” READ MORE: Oxford professor reacts to impact of Covid lockdowns [REVEAL] The love-spurned engineer went on to claim the half-a-million pound home they had put a deposit on became her place instead of theirs, and she moved in alone. He said: “At first, I didn’t know if it was a permanent split, so I didn’t mention the money. But when it became clear we were not going to work things out, I asked her: ‘What about our Lottery win?’ She said, ‘It’s not ours, it’s mine’. “She made it very clear she wasn’t going to be splitting the money with me. Up until we split, Laura had been paying me £1k a month, but that stopped when she moved out. "She claimed it was ‘rent’ and that she wouldn’t pay it now she’d left.” DON'T MISS: Cost of ‘broken’ asylum system in UK surges to £2BILLION [REVEAL]UK energy prices far higher than Europe’s, but by how much? [INSIGHT]Leeds stabbing: Man fighting for his life rushed to hospital after ... [ANALYSIS] He explained how he never expected her to pay rent when they originally lived together at his and he didn’t ask for a penny. Instead they agreed she would buy them Lotto tickets and if she won they’d both live it up - but, sadly for Kirk, the arrangement was never formalised. In the excitement of getting the winning ticket, Laura quit her job and splashed out on a Porsche Cayenne. Kirk said they were “semi-sharing” the money, as Laura would pay him £1,000 a month and encouraged him to take his masters, promising to pay it off. During this time, the couple became ghost hunters together investigating paranormal activity and posting about it online. But the win very nearly didn’t happen as Laura was completely unaware she had won for almost two weeks - having assumed she’d won just £5.