Tottenham have been scouting Wolves defender Max Kilman but are only ‘loosely’ in the race for Inter Milan’s Milan Skriniar as Antonio Conte seeks to complete his back three, according to reports. Kilman has been excellent for Wolves in a left-sided centre-back role and his form has apparently caught the attention of Spurs. The North Londoners have had a successful transfer window, securing six new additions as they look to build on qualifying for the Champions League. But it seems that Conte wants to continue preparing his squad for a gruelling European campaign. Clement Lenglet has been signed on loan from Barcelona to strengthen Spurs’ defence. The Frenchman can play on the left side of a back three, which was a role Conte struggled to fill at times last season - especially when Ben Davies was ruled out for a large part of the campaign. However, Conte continues to be linked with new centre-backs. It has now emerged that Spurs have been keeping tabs on the 25-year-old Kilman. JUST IN: Leeds chief Victor Orta wants double transfer swoop before Premer League opener That is according to CBS Sports journalist Ben Jacobs, who added that Spurs are only ‘loosely’ in the competition to sign Slovakian Skriniar. Jacobs was speaking on the Last Word on Spurs podcast. Former England futsal ace Kilman has enjoyed a remarkable rise in recent years and a move to Spurs would be another big leap in his career. Conte was clearly impressed by his performances in his 30 Premier League appearances last term. The Italian has been backed with heavy investment this summer, and his squad now seems capable of withstanding a long campaign both domestically and in Europe. Lenglet has been signed alongside Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic, Djed Spence, Yves Bissouma and Richarlison. DON'T MISS...Transfer news: Man Utd offered Chelsea target, De Jong latestConte singles out three Tottenham stars who 'need to work'Tottenham 0-1 Roma: Five things we learned as Romero bosses Zaniolo The versatile veteran Perisic might not be ready for the campaign, though. The former Inter Milan star, who worked under Conte at the Serie A side, is not yet up to speed following a disrupted pre-season. “He's an important player because he's really good. He moves forward, good in one v ones, and then he can use both feet and he was before a winger which is why he's good in one-v-one,” Conte said at the weekend. “But he has to continue to work because at this moment he's not the Ivan Perisic I know. That is normal though, but I'm happy because he reduced the time to recover from his injury. “It was the same for Matthew, for Doherty. I hope to see him like last season and now he's working and he's struggling. We need to have patience. We need to give time for these players to be really fit.”