Mick Schumacher has given a "small indication" he is holding discussions with another F1 team, according to Timo Glock. Schumacher's future remains uncertain heading into the Belgian Grand Prix this weekend. There were even more eyebrows raised earlier this week when Haas announced Ferrari reserve driver Antonio Giovinazzi will take both Schumacher and Kevin Magnussen's seats in FP1 at both the Italian and United States Grands Prix. It was the latest indication that Schumacher may not remain at Haas beyond this season with his rookie contract expiring in December. Giovinazzi lost his seat at Alfa Romeo - along with Kimi Raikkonen retiring - last year with Valtteri Bottas and Zhou Guanyu coming in as replacements. The Italian driver remains a driver linked with a vacant F1 seat though and Haas appear willing to give him a chance to showcase what he can do. But Schumacher has seemingly been keeping his own options open, judging by his social media activity. Eagle-eyed fans spotted that the 23-year-old had begun following Alpine CEO Laurent Rossi on Instagram recently.  And while former F1 driver Glock doesn't want to read too much into it, he does believe some early conversations may be being held. "I wouldn't interpret that much into it now, but maybe it's a small indication that negotiations are in progress or that talks are being held," Glock told Sky Germany. "There is no fixed date until something has to be decided. It all depends on how long the negotiations last - on Haas' part and also on Mick's side. "If he is negotiating with another team and there is an agreement, that can quickly become clear If there are major discrepancies, it can take even longer. But of course everyone wants to get clarity as quickly as possible in order to prepare for next year."  Ferrari may have a big role to play in where either Giovinazzi or Schumacher go, but Guenther Steiner insisted a final decision will be made by October at the latest. “We don’t have to wait to see what Ferrari says,” Steiner told RACER. “We never decide the driver before the summer break and we will not do so this year. "Obviously I will start to speak with Gene over the summer break and then you know how we do it — you will ask again at the next race in Europe and then we will tell you some time in the end of September or October what we are doing, and the same will be happening this year hopefully.”