Spending time with family gives people the longest glow, at four hours and 33 minutes – closely followed by booking a holiday and sporting a glowing tan when you get home. But finishing a workout leaves Brits feeling happier for 30 minutes longer than tucking into junk food. And bagging a bargain, which leaves people feeling satisfied for three hours and 39 minutes, is better than eating a chocolate bar, being complimented, and having a cold alcoholic drink on a hot day. The research was commissioned by Capital One UK to mark the opening of Happé Café on 1st and 2nd September – the UK’s first dopamine-inducing café, designed to give people a necessary mood boost. When quizzed on the activities which make Brits feel most happy, 27 percent said it was spending time with family, while nearly a quarter (23 percent) get their dopamine hit from taking a walk in nature. The birth of a child (21 percent), getting married (18 percent), and the day they met their partner (14 percent) were cited as life’s happiest events. And Friday was named the day people are at their most cheerful. Nearly six in ten (59 percent) get their “feel good” from the little things in life, as opposed to grand gestures. And more than two-thirds (68 percent) claim they drag out what makes them happy – such as drinking a good cup of tea – to make it last longer. However, due to the current financial climate, 39 percent have had to cut back on the things that bring them happiness. Takeaways (42 percent), holidays (39 percent), and social activities with friends (37 percent) are among the top sacrifices being made. But a quarter aren‘t prepared to give up their daily coffee, and 21 percent would continue to go shopping – with 24 percent feeling a sense of happiness when hitting the high streets. It also emerged 44 percent tend to put other people’s happiness ahead of their own – with 57 percent saying making someone else happy improves their own mood. More than a quarter (27 percent) will often go out of their way to spread positivity, while the average adult will treat themselves three times a week to help make them feel better – spending up to £43 each month doing this. And more than one in three (37 percent) say they will typically buy something if they are having a good day – but 55 percent would argue the best things in life are free. The study, conducted via OnePoll, also found more than half (54 percent) don’t need to spend money to be happy. Andrew Clayton, for Capital One UK, said: “As the research reveals, more than half of us get our mood boosts from the little things in life. “We’re on a mission to drive positive change across the lending market, and promise to put the best interests of our customers first, by doing one small, good thing at a time. “Our Happé Café brings this to life, offering people a complimentary happiness hit when they need it most.” THE LENGTH OF HAPPINESS LIST: