Comedian and former footballer John Bishop revealed yesterday that his parents had received a congratulatory card from Her Majesty.  John Bishop posted on Instagram, surprised his parents had been sent the card. He wrote: “A lovely thing for Liz to remember my Mum and Dad’s anniversary.” The card was sent to Mr and Ms Bishop to celebrate the couple’s 61st wedding anniversary which took place earlier this year on April 1. The card features a photo of the Queen in a blue floral outfit with the message: “I am so pleased to know that you celebrated your sixty-first wedding anniversary on 1st April 2022. “I send my congratulations and best wishes to you for such a special occasion.”   Fans flocked to social media to share their thoughts on the Queen’s kind gesture, with user @eithne_beancheilteach73 calling her majesty “a class act”. Other fans recalled when their own family members received a special card from the monarch, as user @cathmorg said: “So lush! I remember how much it meant to my parents to have a special card from her Maj.” Another user @bridgeadaire wrote: “My parents also celebrated their 60th anniversary on the same day as yours, they were also thrilled with their card!” User, @ohalloran1963, added: “Fantastic momentum from the Queen! Congratulations to you Mom and Dad!”  READ MORE: Letizia stuns fans in £18 Zara dress at Atlantida Mallorca Film Fest  Queen Elizabeth is currently taking a break from royal duties at her estate Balmoral Castle in Scotland. She travelled to the Aberdeenshire area early in July and is expected to spend a few months there taking a break from royal engagements. It is well known to the public that Scotland is one of the Queen’s favourite places, as she spent her childhood vacationing at the Balmoral estate. The Queen's parents were the first royals to take an interest in the estate since the death of Queen Victoria. The Queen and Prince Philip also spent part of their honeymoon there in 1947, where the couple stayed at the Birkhall hunting lodge located on the Balmoral grounds. During the 2012 Jubilee celebrations, the Queen said: “Scotland has played such a very special part in our lives, and that of my family, over the years and we have greatly enjoyed our frequent visits.”  DON'T MISS: Earl Spencer stuns royal fans with glimpse into lavish home [REVEAL] Kate is like 'no other royal woman' [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry urged to 'accept' Queen's invite [REPORT]   The Queen will stay at Craigowan Lodge in July, a stone cottage located a mile away from Balmoral Castle. She is expected to move into the castle after August 2, which is when Balmoral Castle closes to the general public. It is tradition for the Queen to stay in Scotland until Autumn, around September or October, before travelling back to England to resume her royal duties. 