The pandemic brought about changes for millions, with some deciding to depart the workforce as their priorities changed. However, new research found one in 10 of the so-called Baby Boomer generation - aged 58 to 75 - were “forced into earlier than planned retirement” during the pandemic. This was as a result of numerous factors including redundancy, inability to find a new role, or losing contract work. The study from Dunstan Thomas found others lost their employment during the pandemic and instead accepted roles with a lower salary and less security. Understandably, this has drastically impacted the retirement plans of many, with some facing limited income or radically changing their intentions for later life. For those who are facing early retirement, Adrian Boulding, Director of Retirement Strategy at Dunstan Thomas, shared vital tips. READ MORE: ‘Out of touch!’ Pension Credit claim delays slammed as Britons wait Firstly, he told Express.co.uk: “Take the tax free cash out of your pension. It’s a bit like eating the icing off a cake first, but most pensions will allow over 55s to take one quarter of the pot as tax free cash, without drawing on the other three-quarters, which can be left until later.” Next, it could be worthwhile finding out if one has a flexible ISA, as this allows money to be taken out and put back in later in the same tax year - perhaps when someone has found fresh employment. Those with a small pension pot of less than £10,000 should be aware this can usually be take as a lump sum, so Mr Boulding encourages people to call their pension provider to find out more. As a fourth point of action, individuals should ensure they have enough money ready for essential bills such as energy, rent and council tax. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis urges pensioners to act in DAYS to secure £650 and £3,300 [INSIGHT]Pension savers urged to take 'small steps' to boost retirement pot [ANALYSIS]Pensioners could save money on energy bills in six key ways [UPDATE] This could be secured through an annuity - which provides guaranteed income, although it might not be the best choice for everyone. Mr Boulding explained: “Annuity rates have improved recently, so get a quote from one of the online brokers that covers the whole market and they’ll find you the best price. “Use some of your pension pot to buy enough annuity to cover those essential bills.” For those not comfortable with the idea of retiring, looking for a new job is likely to be key and could be aided by persistence. Mr Boulding added: “I recommend anyone forced into early retirement takes the first few months to figure out whether retirement is what they really want, or whether they miss the security and routine of paid work. READ MORE: Nationwide is increasing rates on savings accounts this summer “Many of us don’t get to choose the timing of our retirement. Something unexpected can happen, either at work or at home, that causes us to leave our job. But these are steps we can take to generate enough cash to keep paying the bills.” In the study, working older people communicated they wished to stay in paid work for an average of 4.3 years beyond the state pension age. It means, on average, they will be over 70 when they eventually decide the time is right to retire. However, the “real” average retirement age was recorded as much lower at 63.4 years. Dunstan Thomas believes this reflects Boomers are retiring, or being forced into retirement, much earlier than they originally planned.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But despite large numbers of this age group leaving the workforce, nearly half of all of them were still in paid work at the time of the survey in February 2022. Nearly three quarters of these working individuals said they wanted to continue well beyond state pension age. It shows there is still a mixed bag when it comes to the attitudes held by Britons towards their retirement. Mr Boulding added: “Our findings reveal nearly three-quarters of the Boomers who are still working today want to stay in the workforce into their early 70s on average. “However, sadly too many are either being forced out of work or pushed into more precarious employment later in their careers. The pandemic seems to have only exasperated this trend.”