Manchester United's transfer policy has been branded 'a big mess' by one of Sir Alex Ferguson's former right-hand men, Rene Meulensteen. The Dutchman, who is now assistant manager for the Australian national team, told media in his homeland that Red Devils target Cody Gakpo should stay with PSV Eindhoven instead of heading to Old Trafford. Gakpo is believed to be on a shortlist of attacking targets with Erik ten Hag looking to add more firepower before the transfer deadline. The PSV star, currently managed by United legend Ruud van Nistelrooy, has come racing out of the blocks this season with two goals and one assist in his first two Eredivisie games. United may have fancied their chances of convincing the 23-year-old that Old Trafford would be an exciting step in his career after PSV were dumped out of Champions League qualifiers by Rangers this week. But Meulensteen, who spent over a decade with the Red Devils in various capacities, has let loose on their current situation. "Manchester United’s transfer policy is a big mess," he told Algemeen Dagblad. "They’ve been chasing Frenkie de Jong for so long, that didn’t go through. Then they wanted Adrien Rabiot, that didn’t work either. Marko Arnautovic didn’t either. JUST IN: Baffled Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta dismisses FFP concerns and makes transfer pledge "They are still trying to get Antony and Cody Gakpo, but I also have my doubts about that. Those guys are fantastic in the Eredivisie, but that is no guarantee that they can continuously make a difference here. "If I were Gakpo, I would say, 'Thank you for the honour but I’m staying with PSV'. I would say to him: 'Boy, there are more clubs coming… at PSV you had the chance to play Champions League, you’re on that [path]'. At the moment I’m not sure about Manchester United." DON'T MISS...Leao's stance on joining Chelsea as Todd Boehly prepares 'new offer'Man Utd prepare Asensio bid with Ten Hag 'determined' to land starMan Utd star Casemiro explains key part John Murtough played in Madrid exit Gakpo is supposedly valued at around £34million by PSV, which pales in comparison to Ajax's asking price for fellow Man Utd target Antony. There has been talk of a huge bid in the region of £80m from the Red Devils but Ajax boss Alfred Schreuder has publicly called on his club to refrain from selling any more of their top players this summer. Antony is reportedly keen to force through the move and reunite with Ten Hag at Old Trafford, having refused to train with his team-mates last week. Meeting the Brazilian's valuation would be a big gamble considering he has never played in one of Europe's 'big five' leagues but the manager supposedly made him a priority target soon after stepping into the hot seat. Attracting top players had proven difficult after missing out on Champions League qualification and beginning the season with back-to-back defeats against Brighton and Brentford. But a win over Liverpool and a statement signing in Casemiro could restore some momentum as the transfer window enters its final stages. "I don't know [whether United will sign anyone] but we need players. Clearly, we need the right players," said Ten Hag on Friday. "That is what we said the whole transfer window. We are happy with what we did until now. The barrier has to be high."