During Monday’s instalment of Lorraine, royal editor Russell Myers spoke to Christine Lampard, who is currently covering the ITV show, about the upcoming memoir of Prince Harry. He informed viewers that his team have been in contact with the judicial investigators in Paris following Diana’s fateful crash 25 years ago. Last year it was revealed that Prince Harry was going to write a “tell-all” biography which is set to be released later this year. The 37-year-old explained people will get to hear the highs and lows of his life, with hopes that readers will see that they have more in common with the royal than they think. Introducing the topic of the Duke of Sussex’s book, ITV host Christine told Dan she assumes there is a lot of worry within the Royal Family. Replying, Russell commented: “Well there is definitely, I mean this memoir is going to be absolutely explosive, whatever he says people around the world will be pouring over the detail.   The royal expert then revealed: “It’s emerged over the last few days that his team, this team of ghost writers that he’s working with, have actually been in touch with the judicial investigators in Paris that looked into Princess Diana’s fateful car crash 25 years ago. “Of course this year, it is the 25th anniversary coinciding with Harry’s book. “No doubt, he will be speaking a lot about the trauma, the grief that he went through, how that shaped him as a person. “I think he said that he’s talking about not only the man he’s become but sort of the family he was born into.”   Although Prince Harry stated he won’t be critical of the Queen as he doesn’t want to upset his grandmother, Russell told Christine: “Certainly the wounds are still very very raw within the family.” The ITV host commented: “By default if he’s upsetting other members of the royal family, The Queen is upset?” Russell agreed with Christine before mentioning Diana’s former bodyguard Lee Sansum who has recently spoken out on the night of her car crash 25 years ago. The host informed viewers that Lee believes he could have changed history if he had been working that night.   “25th anniversary just in a couple of weeks, there will be an awful lot of people coming out and giving their versions of events," Christine continued. “It’s something that the whole country will reflect on, no doubt the family will as well,” Russell remarked It seems as though people can expect to hear more about Diana’s crash in Prince Harry’s book as he promises to tell his story. The Prince released a statement which said: “My hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned—I can help show that, no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.”    This September, Harry and Meghan will be returning to the UK to visit charities and associations close to their hearts. 