Former UK Athletics coach Toni Minichiello has been banned for life after an investigation ruled he 'engaged in sexually physical behaviour' over a 15-year period. Minichiello, who helped lead Jessica Ennis-Hill to gold at the London 2012 Olympics, was originally suspended last year after complaints from multiple female athletes and coaches.  The Panel appointed by the UK Athletics board have now reached their conclusion with numerous breaches of his contract including: - Made inappropriate sexual references and gestures to athletes; - Failed to respect the athletes right to a private life by making intrusive enquiries and personal comments about their personal lives; - Engaged in sexually physical behaviour, namely inappropriate and unwanted touching of athletes to whom he owed a duty of care; - Engaged in inappropriate and sometimes aggressive behaviour, bullying and emotional abuse. UK Athletics' statement read: "UKA has considered the matter and decided that these findings are of the utmost seriousness. They amount to a large number of breaches of the UKA Coach Licence Terms over a 15 year period. They constitute gross breaches of trust by Mr Minichiello which have had severe consequences for the mental health and mental wellbeing of the athletes under his charge. "It is noted that during the process of these disciplinary matters, Mr Minichiello’s coaching licence expired and therefore cannot be suspended/subject to a sanction. Therefore, UKA has decided that it will not entertain any future application made by Mr Minichiello for a UKA Coach Licence in perpetuity.  "The issuance of a UKA licence to a coach is essentially a representation on behalf of UKA that the coach in question can be trusted with the athletes under his charge. UKA is firmly of the view that there will never be a time in the future at which it would be appropriate to grant that assurance and issue such a licence. "Should Mr Minichiello wish to apply for a Coach Licence in the future, the matter will ultimately be subject to an appeal before the relevant body under UKA Rules." Minichiello, who allowed his coaching licence to expire, has always denied any wrongdoing. 