Home improvements can bear a heavy weight on your pocket but the returns, in some cases, can be more than worth it. If you’re in a position to renovate and your planning to sell up soon, revamping unused space with one particular storage hack could be the perfect option for those wanting to boost the price of their home. Bruna Pani from We Buy Any House said: “In the UK, the average cost of a walk-in wardrobe is as little as £5,500. “This will include everything from the structural design of the space to the individual pieces needed, such as shelving, rails and doors. “Additionally, you may also need to pay a labour fee for the units to be installed, which averages out at around £22.50 per hour." Ms Pani added: “Thankfully, the return on your walk-in wardrobe investment will be massively worth it, as having walk-in wardrobes on your property allows you to recoup up to 56 percent of your investment, adding up to a £10,000 increase in the value of your home.”  READ MORE: House issues that can devalue your property by 20% - how to avoid  No longer for the rich and famous, walk-in wardrobes have now become much more accessible to homeowners, with Instagram seeing a surge of 96,000 hashtags, and it's only increasing. But how do you go about installing one? Vlatka Lake, storage expert at Space Station shared five tips to transform your unused space into the perfect walk-in wardrobe. The first step is to assess your surroundings to figure out just which area will benefit most from increased storage space and where a walk-in wardrobe could comfortably fit. Ms Lake said: “Once you have chosen which space you are going to convert into your walk-in wardrobe, this can be small or large, as most spaces are easy to turn into wardrobe space, it’s time to take some measurements.  “At this stage, you want to think about what it is exactly that you will be storing; from longer items like coats and dresses to small items such as shoes and accessories, you’ll need to evaluate what type of rails you’ll need before you get started.” Once you’ve identified your wardrobe requirements, you should next consider the layout to make your space allocation work effectively, according to Ms Lake. She said: “Start by thinking about who will be using the wardrobe - is it for yourself or the whole family? Once that’s been confirmed, think about how you’ll divide the space. “Ironing out these finer details will be key to making the build process slicker. “If you are debating built-in wardrobes, it is good to bear in mind that they give you the opportunity to be fully customisable to your needs.”  DON'T MISS:Where to buy a house: Fastest and slowest cities for selling [ANALYSIS]Property: Add 23 percent to house price with 4 energy saving changes [INSIGHT]Bank of England interest rates 2022: Why you should remortgage 'now' [EXPLAINED]    If you are working with a smaller space it’s unlikely you’ll have windows, making lighting a key factor to the overall success of the project. Ms Lake said: “[Lighting] is a crucial element in all interior design, and it can quickly transform your space into something bright and clean. “Walk-in wardrobes already come with a certain pizzazz but adding strip lighting, statement ceiling lights and even natural daylight can take your wardrobe to the next level. “If your space has windows, adding blinds can help to soften harsh natural lights.” Hanging a mirror not only adds the practical element of allowing you to see your outfit before leaving the room, there are also some interior design benefits.  Ms Lake said: “The reflective surface amplifies natural light, making the room feel bigger and brighter and the ample option for frames means you can add an exciting element to the room.” Once the major parts of the wardrobe are completed, focus on finishing touches to really elevate the space. Ms Lake advised: “To stop your space looking dull, try adding in some bold furniture or some wall art to break up the space. "Don’t forget about those accessories, putting these on display means you won’t forget about them and will make this area of your home that little bit more special. “The overall convenience of a walk-in wardrobe is something that can be enjoyed immediately and for many years to come and will prove popular with any potential future buyers.” 