Manchester United have reportedly made an £8.4million (€10m) bid for Barcelona forward Memphis Depay with a shock return now on the cards. Depay is surplus to requirements at the Camp Nou, with the La Liga outfit having made several attacking signings in the last year. Depay joined Barcelona only last summer but has since seen Robert Lewandowski, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres sign since his arrival. The Dutchman could now depart before the end of the transfer window. United want to strengthen Erik ten Hag's attack despite a vastly improved performance in last Monday's 2-1 win over rivals Liverpool. Former player Depay is now believed to be an option. An £8.4m bid for the 28-year-old has now reportedly been made. Barcelona have apparently told Real Sociedad, who are also interested in a transfer for the Netherlands international, that they must match United's offer. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag explains leaving Casemiro on the bench for Soton  That is according to Spanish football expert Gerard Romero. Diario Sport claim that Depay has ruled out a move to Sociedad, giving United a free run at the player. It would be a remarkable return to the Red Devils for Depay, who struggled at Old Trafford in a spell between 2014 and 2017. The former PSV prodigy was signed by Dutch boss Louis van Gaal in the summer of 2014 but scored just seven goals in 53 appearances for the club. Depay lasted just six months of Jose Mourinho's tenure, struggling to fit into the more rigid structure. He departed for Lyon in January 2017. DON'T MISS...Liverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to UnitedMan Utd's 'leaked' XI to tackle Southampton emergesMan Utd 'make fresh Antony decision' after Ajax turned down £76m bid Depay spent four years in France before joining Barcelona as a free agent 12 months ago. The Spanish giants are now keen to sell the forward in a bid to balance their books. Barcelona have finally managed to register each of their new summer signings but could still benefit from extra income. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has also been linked with a transfer, with Chelsea apparently interested in a late move. Meanwhile, United are still trying to sign several players. A forward appears to be high on the club's agenda. Depay is understood to be a key target, while a move for Ajax starlet Antony is still ongoing. The Red Devils have also been linked with PSV's Cody Gakpo. 