After more than three decades in the British Army, Philip Wilkinson worked in some of the world's most dangerous countries trying to improve their police, army, security services and counter-terror tactics. But after the lockdowns ended he had to choose between returning to Somalia or running for Police and Crime Commissioner for Wiltshire.   The 73-year-old, who was elected last August, said: "The choice was go back to Somalia or use the same skills in Wiltshire - a no-brainer." It meant he was trading off 31 years of military service and 20 years working for the Government in some of the most unstable countries, for an oversight of policing in the west country. Wiltshire is traditionally a low-crime area, however, this peace was shattered by the Novichok attacks on Sergei and Yulia Skripal in 2018. His main concern is now likely to be locals dissatisfied with the service from the boys in blue. Last month it emerged the force had been placed into "special measures" by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary due to concerns it was "inadequate" in its ability to respond to the public, protect vulnerable people, and in strategic planning. It also needed improvements in managing offenders and suspects, and investigating crime. Mr Wilkinson said he became aware of the force's failing while campaigning to be elected and, once in post, his inbox filled with more complaints. He conducted a major survey of residents and uncovered similar issues flagged by HMIC months later, including 999 and 101 calls not being answered in time, and prepared a report for Chief Constable Kier Pritchard on what needed to be done. He said: "If you think the job of a PCC is to hold the chief constable to account, to scrutinise, support and challenge, that is what I have been doing for the last 20 years with the British Government chucking me into a country to see if I can improve its security services.  "I would scrutinise and challenge them and say what's wrong then help make a plan and support its delivery. "In many ways, I could not be better qualified. Defeating criminality, like terrorism, requires a comprehensive strategy." A month ago Mr Wilkinson told the Sunday Express he was working well with Mr Pritchard and was confident in September they could convince a police oversight group they had the right plan in place to turn the force around. Now he is less confident and believes it may require an overhaul of senior management. He said: "I am going to fix this and don't mind putting my head above the parapet and being shot at. "I've been doing that a long time, and with real bullets." Mr Wilkinson served in the Army from 1969, with the Royal Artillery, Commando and Parachute Brigades and Special Forces, which included six years in Northern Ireland, including undercover work when he grew his hair and affected an Irish accent. He said: "I always knew I was good at carrying heavy weights and duffing people up. I have been in the commandos, the paras and I have been a special forces hooligan, but I discovered I also had a brain'." In his last job in the Army, he was the main author of the first British Joint Warfare Publication on peace support operations before working as a senior research fellow at the Centre for Defence Studies at King's College, London.  Then he had international adviser deployments in Bosnia, Rwanda and Sri Lanka. In 2003 he was helping the US plan the reconstruction of Iraq after the Coalition invasion when a plan was hatched to remove all Iraqi dinars bearing Saddam Hussein's head and replace it with new currency. He said: "It was bonkers. The US military said it was too dangerous so contracted it to a private security firm and I led the operation. "I recruited 650 mercenaries to take receipt of 29 jumbo jets of $4.5billion of new money that were stored in a hangar at Baghdad airport." The money was printed in the UK and flown to Iraq before Mr Wilkinson and his crew drove it in convoy while being shot at almost daily by Al-Qaeda terrorists as Saddam Hussein remained in hiding. It was then taken to banks to swap with the old money that had to be destroyed. He said: "Because it was a private security company there was no manual, no military law and no code of good practice. "I had to drive it by force of character by threatening to shoot them or beat them up to make it happen. "I should have been an academic but ended up shooting people and being shot at running convoys in Iraq and we did it with only five people injured and one killed in action." After this, he wrote a huge plan to demobilise 105,000 troops from the Sons of Iraq who helped the Coalition defeat Saddam's regime, but it failed after the new Iraq government did not fulfil promises.  From 2004 to 2006 he spent two years advising the then President Karzai in his palace in Afghanistan and later spent 15 months in the occupied Palestinian territories. In Somalia, Mr Wilkinson was shot a number of times and identified as a death target by terror group Al-Shabaab. He worked with two of Somalia's presidents and helped end its piracy epidemic. This was largely by wiping out an illegal tuna fishing industry and creating real fishing jobs for the youth, He said. "A few years ago piracy and Somalia were synonymous and we solved most of that." After Mr Wilkinson put his impressive CV into the ring for the position of PCC, nine other hopefuls pulled out and he went on to be elected last August. A Wiltshire Police spokesman said: "Chief Constable Kier Pritchard remains fully committed to his role as Chief Constable of Wiltshire Police and has full confidence in the force's senior management team, and his officers and staff, in delivering the improvements required." Philip Wilkinson's book, Sharpening The Weapons Of Peace, is out now 