A young Ukrainian tennis player broke down in tears after beating former world No 1 Simona Halep in the first round at the US Open. Daria Snigur beat Romania's Halep 6-2 0-6 6-4 in the biggest result of her career. The 20-year-old is unable to properly train after her training base was destroyed by a bomb during the conflict between Ukraine and Russia. She dedicated her win to the people of her country. Snigur dropped to the court after winning the final point and was shown being reduced to tears. Draped in a Ukrainian flag, she made a heart-shaped gesture towards the crowd. Halep congratulated the Kyiv-born player on her victory. JUST IN: Tsitsipas headlines 10 top seeds sent packing on first day of US Open The world No 124 was making her Grand Slam debut and was competing in just her third WTA-level match. She dedicated her victory speech on the Louis Armstrong Stadium court to the people of Ukraine. "It means Ukraine is always in my heart. This is a victory for Ukraine, for all Ukrainian people, for my family, for my team,” a teary Snigur said. "The situation is bad, of course. I try to do the best for Ukraine, I try to support my country. "It's not so easy because the war is continuing. Sometimes it's impossible to play, but I try to do my best because I want to live in Ukraine. DON'T MISS...US Open fans disgusted as 16-year-old's dad and coach grab bumKyrgios in 'uncomfortable' situation after 'nightmare' US Open winWilliams explains 'hard decision' to retire in emotional US Open win "I think (Ukrainian) people enjoyed my match because I have many messages. I didn't understand what happened. I will try to understand it tomorrow because it was I think it was the best match in my career." Seventh-seed Halep has suffered the first major shock of the US Open. having lost the first set to Snigur, the 30-year-old battled back to win the second 6-0. However, Snigur regained her composure to sensationally clinch the match in the third. “I’m very happy. I want to say thanks to Simona for a such a great match, it was a great experience for me – it’s impossible to play against Simona and win,” Snigur added. World No 99 Rebecca Marino stands in Snigur’s way in the second round. The 31-year-old Marino defeated Magdalena Frech in straight sets on Monday.