The Premier League returned in glorious fashion this weekend, with several top clubs laying down markers with impressive performances, and others… not so much. It was polar opposite performances from the two sides in Manchester, with City never coming out of first gear against West Ham whereas United lost to Brighton for the first time at Old Trafford. Chelsea, Tottenham and Arsenal were also victorious on the opening weekend of the season too, setting their stall out early doors that they will be serious contenders for the Champions League spots. Elsewhere, Brighton’s victory over United caught the eye and Newcastle reaped the benefits of their concise recruitment against Nottingham Forest. Here are x things Express Sport learned over the weekend. Time to adjust? Never After an underwhelming performance in the Community Shield final, some questioned whether Erling Haaland was the true final piece of the puzzle for Manchester City and whether he would need time to adjust. But the Norwegian laughed at those claims against West Ham with an exquisite display and scoring both of City’s goals in their 2-0 win. The former Dortmund striker showed the pace, power and devastating finishing ability that earned him the reputation as one of the brightest talents in world football. Haaland began to link up well with Kevin de Bruyne as the match went on – combining well for the second goal – and the pair could prove impossible to deal with as time goes on. READ MORE: Man Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer No 9s are back The Premier League has welcomed back true No. 9s this summer, in the form of Haaland and Darwin Nunez of Liverpool. They both bagged league debut goals at the weekend and proved that a powerful out-and-out striker is just as effective as some over-elaborate plans. Nunez came off of the bench to grab his goal, and his physical presence proved a real task to deal with inside the penalty. And, like Haaland, the Uruguayan showed terrific acceleration for a tall forward too, with his willingness to run in behind. It remains to be seen whether the return of traditional strikers will lead to more no-nonsense defenders breaking into squads elsewhere. Ten Hag reality check On Sunday, Erik ten Hag was reminded of the size of the task he has at Manchester United as he looks to rebuild the club – and a minuscule spending spree won’t solve a large bulk of their problems. The Red Devils were beaten 2-1 by Brighton at Old Trafford, in a display that does not do justice to the away side. Danny Welbeck caused the United defence an abundance of problems, and Brighton’s free-flowing midfield and wingbacks continued to dominate possession in the centre of the park. Late on, Ten Hag realised that the tried and tested midfield pairing of Fred and Scott McTominay – who failed to tear up trees in years gone by – had not become a reformed partnership since his arrival – with Christian Eriksen dropping deeper and showing promise in that role. United’s display was an indicator that Ten Hag needs to be demanding transfers, and fast. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer Fluid frontline potential Chelsea scraped past Everton at the weekend, with a 1-0 victory courtesy of a Jorginho penalty. Though the biggest takeaway from the match was that their team still looks like a major work in progress under Thomas Tuchel – even with the additions of Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly. The Blues lacked presence in the final third, but there were signs that their fluid attack of Sterling, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz could be a true handful for some defences to handle. The trio moved from position to position across the frontline and created several openings, though Tuchel will hope to see more cutting edge from his players when those opportunities arise. Tottenham title shouts With six signings this summer, Tottenham have been a rogue shout to be title contenders – and they justified those brave claims with a 4-1 victory over Southampton on Saturday. Ryan Sessegnon, Eric Dier and Dejan Kulusevski all scored – with Mohamed Salisu entering an early contender for ‘worst n goal of the season’ as well. The performance was one for Liverpool and City to certainly take notice of given that Spurs were not at full strength and remain busy in the transfer window. And it also proved that Antonio Conte has formed a team that is no longer reliant on Harry Kane and Heung-min Son, who both failed to find the back of the net in north London, which has been an issue previously.