Limescale build up in toilets can look unpleasant and ugly if left to fester. Over time, toilet limescale can turn dark brown and can even have an impact on the material of the toilet bowl. To help combat this issue, Express.co.uk has spoken to three cleaning experts on their best ways to remove this build up. According to Adela Baker, cleaning expert at Maid Brigade UK explained that limescale in toilets is “almost impossible to avoid”. She said: “Limescale is hard water white residue on wet surfaces and is almost impossible to avoid especially around toilets. “Overtime they change into colour due mineral deposits such as calcium, iron, magnesium and lime. Toilet limescale could show brown or green stains.” Unfortunately these stains won’t go away easily and you will have to give them a thorough clean. READ MORE: ‘Remove’ these four items from your home to make rooms ‘feel larger’ To combat this, the expert advised: “A cheap and effective way to clean your toilet without using harmful products is pouring half a litre of white vinegar into your toilet and leaving it overnight. “For quicker results you can add baking powder.” Then just clean your toilet as normal to scrub the limescale away with a bathroom sponge and toilet brush. Adam Morris, appliance expert at Appliances Made Simple agreed that the method of using white vinegar is effective on toilet limescale. DON'T MISS: House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ [INSIGHT]Property: Budget hacks to replicate ‘luxurious aesthetic’ in your home [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings ‘disintegrated’ home back to life [COMMENT] He told Express.co.uk: “I feel like I come back to this tip time and time again, but white vinegar comes to save the day once more. “It's super simple, add white vinegar all around the bowl, wait a couple of hours and give it a scrub with your toilet brush. “There are plenty of different solutions on the market, but trusty white vinegar is the way to go.” Just like Adela suggested, Adam explained that homeowners can go “one step further” by using white vinegar and baking soda. He instructed: “Pour the white vinegar into the bowl, followed by the same amount of baking soda, making sure the whole toilet bowl is covered in the solution. READ MORE: ‘Best way’ to prune for ‘healthy’ plants - ‘prevents diseases’ “Let it sit for 30 minutes or so, give it a scrub with the brush and you should have a sparkling toilet.” Baking soda can be picked up form Asda for as little as 55p. Although the expert suggested that cola and WD-40 can also be used to remove toilet limescale, he pointed out that “you aren't going to see better results than the white vinegar”. While many may reach for the black to clean their toilets, the cleaning pro explained that “it doesn’t really work that well”. He explained: “It will certainly improve the appearance to begin with, but it doesn't break it down. “Using white vinegar is always my go-to suggestion for anyone wanting to get rid of limescale from the toilet.” Whilst many cleaning experts suggest going down the nautical route, some suggest opting for “task-specific products”. Jennifer Sharpe, Chief Fragrance Officer at Fabulosa told Express.co.uk: “When wishing to remove limescale from your toilet, and to leave it shining and fragrantly fresh,  I would suggest using a relevant task-specific product such as Fabulosa's Pure Limescale Cleaner. “Simply spray the Limescale Cleaner directly onto your toilet bowl, leave it for five minutes to do its work, and then give the limescale a really good scrub with a toilet brush before flushing it away.” While leaning has become a fun hobby for many people, especially with the rise of cleanfluencers and fun and trendy TikTok hacks, but it is important to remember that cleaning products are made up of chemicals and cleaning agents that fight against viruses, bacteria, and germs, and must be used safely and with caution. The expert commented: “I wouldn't recommend mixing chemicals when tackling limescale in toilets as this can produce highly toxic fumes.”