Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is putting 'pressure' on the club to pursue Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo, according to reports. Spurs faced Roma in a friendly in Haifa last Saturday and they are claimed to have asked for information about the Italy international. Tottenham have already made six signings this summer, in deals that could in total rise to above £100million. But Conte is clearly not 100 per cent satisfied with his squad yet. Zaniolo has been linked with a move to north London for several weeks. And Conte is keen to get a deal done for the 23-year-old in this window. Italian outlet Calcio Mercato claims Spurs made an approach to Roma about Zaniolo ahead of the friendly between the two sides. Roma responded by telling Tottenham that they will not accept an offer of anything less than £50million (€60m). Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd six deals, Chelsea's Barca revenge, Arsenal's next Henry  The asking price has already put off Juventus earlier this summer. The report says Spurs are not currently inclined to pay that much for Zaniolo. However, there is pressure from Conte to bring the player to the Premier League. Another obstacle in Spurs' way is their former manager Jose Mourinho. The Roma boss wants to keep Zaniolo for this season at all costs. Calcio Mercato says it would take a crazy offer between now and the end of August for Zaniolo to make a move elsewhere. His contract at the Stadio Olimpico runs until the summer of 2024. He could sign an extension to that deal if he remains with Roma beyond this window. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag slams 'unacceptable' Ronaldo for early pre-season exitChelsea's electric XI with De Jong and make two more new signingsTottenham have Zaniolo swap possibility after AC Milan pull plug on two deals  Zaniolo joined Roma from Inter Milan in 2018 and has made 111 appearances for the club in all competitions. He has two goals in 11 caps for Italy since his international debut in 2019. The attacking midfielder has been through two anterior cruciate knee ligament injuries and made the most club appearances in a single campaign in his career last term. Zaniolo recently spoke about his future and his happiness of being linked with big clubs in Europe. He told La Gazzetta dello Sport magazine Sportweek: “It is pleasing to be the subject of interest from big clubs, as if they think about you, it means you’re good. I train with even more motivation, as I want to prove it’s right that I’ve been linked with these top clubs.” 