Shetland is coming back to BBC One with a dramatic episode as fans will discover whether Alison 'Tosh' McIntosh (played by Alison O'Donnell) survived her ordeal. She was caught up in a seemingly fatal explosion after realising the caravan had been rigged with a bomb. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the drama will resume. Shetland fans will be on the edge of their seats tonight ahead of the upcoming episode of the detective drama. Tosh's ultimate fate was left hanging in the balance after the cliffhanger ending in the previous episode. Yet fans can rest assured they will find out what happened to her in the opening moments of the upcoming instalment. The question on everyone's minds is whether Tosh died, as they were keen to see her replace Jimmy Perez (Douglas Henshall) when he steps down. READ MORE: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles Tonight's episode will air in its regular slot of 9pm on BBC One and will be available to watch on iPlayer after. This season is made up of six episodes, so the finale is on the horizon with only two more episodes to go after August 31. Series seven marks Douglas Henshall's last as Jimmy Perez, as the actor felt his character's story arc had reached its end. He said: "My final series has a really great story at its heart and it’s very much the Shetland the audience know and love. "I hope people have enjoyed watching Perez over the years as much as I’ve enjoyed playing him. I’m going to miss Jimmy Perez." As for Tosh actress Alison, she teased the main cast could face some life-threatening situations. "This series is jam-packed with twists and high-octane drama. It's not to be missed," she said. "Our guest cast is absolutely outstanding, as ever, and there are some big moments for the core cast too, with Perez's ending and another series regular being thrown into serious jeopardy." This series focuses on Rachel Cairns (Shauna Macdonald) and her grief when her son goes missing. DON'T MISS... 'Beeb is guilty! GB News guest accuses BBC of delivering 'fake news' [VIDEO] Shetland season 7 episode 4 cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER] What happened to Jimmy Perez's wife in Shetland? [INSIGHT] Jimmy discovers there is more to her son than meets the eye, which is something Rachel does not want to hear. Shauna said: "You learn fairly quickly that Rachel and her husband aren’t on the same page. "Things are brought to light through Perez’s investigation and it’s clear the Cairns family aren’t as much of a united front as Rachel would have everyone believe. "There’s not as much trust going on as she thought and their past begins to haunt them." Viewers only have a couple of episodes left until Connor's (Nicholas Nunn) family secrets are exposed. The synopsis for the upcoming episode reads: "The explosion prompts Perez to issue a warrant for Connor's arrest, to the outrage of Rachel Cairns. "The team speak to those who knew him in search of extremist beliefs. Jamie, Murray and Lloyd reject any notion that Connor is capable of violence, but a despairing Danny admits environmental issues made his son angry. "Meanwhile, Sandy searches for William Rodgers' reason for being in Shetland."  Shetland airs on BBC One tonight, August 31, from 9pm.