Zara and Mike seemed happier than ever playing with their three children Mia, eight, Lena, four, and baby Lucas, one, at Gatcombe Park. Parenting expert Judi James explained the couple seem like "spontaneous" and "fun" parents who adore their children and are not afraid to show it in public. She said: "Zara and Mike retain their crown for looking like two of the most relaxed and fun parents ever during this new outing with their children. "Zara covers her small son with adoring kisses in her usual, spontaneous and uninhibited PDAs." The royal was seen picking him up for a full cuddle "in what looks like a rare moment when he’s not being cuddled and fussed over by his dad and sister". READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour The body language expert said the Tindalls seem to combine "moments of doting affection with freedom", as they also allow the children to play and run with confidence. Mia can be seen playing and looking after baby Lucas and Zara and Mike "happily delegate care to the other siblings". "The trust between the siblings looks obvious from the way that he chuckles happily as Mia picks him up and swings him in the air like an aeroplane."  The body language expert commented Zara and Mike’s children "always look fearless, whether they’re sitting on the ride next to their dad like Lena or playing together like Lucas and Mia". Judi said it is obvious, by the body language signals, that the parents "adore" their children and love to spend time with them. She even suggested Zara, who is an Olympic equestrian and shares her love for horses with her mother Princess Anne, may hope little Lucas will also share her passion. She explained: "Zara’s smile of obvious delight and pride as she holds her son and monitors his response as he gazes up at a horse suggests she’s hoping the talent for riding and competing might run in the family. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "She’s even given him the horse’s tethering rope to hold as he is introduced to it, which is a signal of engagement that has to be meaningful. "Mike cradles his son in the crook of his arm like a rather precious rugby ball, holding him so their heads are close to keep him feeling involved rather than ignored when he speaks on the phone." Judi pointed out the couple "seem relaxed about dummies and comfort blankets". "Although Lucas later shows his confident and fearless side when he’s playing, he’s clearly also able to bring his sources of comfort along too, just in case," she said. Zara and Mike Tindall met in Sydney, Australia, during the 2003 Rugby World Cup. The Queen's oldest granddaughter married Mike in 2011 at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh. The couple now live in Gloucestershire, at Princess Anne's Gatcombe Park estate. Mike is a professional rugby player while Zara is currently a director at Cheltenham racecourse.