Arsenal have reportedly made Wolves star Pedro Neto their top target for the remainder of the transfer window. The Gunners are claimed to have held talks with the super agent Jorge Mendes for over a month regarding the Portugal international. Arsenal have been linked with a move for a winger throughout the window. But their pursuit of a wide player has ultimately rested on whether they can shift Nicolas Pepe. Nice are in talks to sign Pepe on a season-long loan, which could therefore open up an opportunity for Mikel Arteta. And The Athletic claims Neto is the No 1 target for the Spaniard. A deal will not be easy for Arsenal to complete. The north Londoners are wary of staying within Financial Fair Play regulations after already spending around £120million this summer. The report says Neto's representative Mendes has acted as an intermediary in the talks. Arsenal have spoken to Mendes and Mendes has liaised with Wolves, with the agent close to proceedings at the Midlands club. To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here  Wolves do not want to sell Neto, who joined the club from Braga in 2019. He only signed an extension to his contract earlier this year, committing his future at Molineux until 2027. There is no mention of how much Wolves would demand if they were to consider selling Neto. Arsenal are continuing to discuss whether a deal is feasible in the final 10 days of the window. Neto has previously been thought as unattainable this summer. However, the arrival of fellow Portuguese attacker Goncalo Guedes and midfielder Matheus Nunes would soften the blow of him leaving and make him more accessible to admirers. Neto has made 95 appearances for Wolves in all competitions, scoring 11 goals and registering 12 assists. He has started the first three matches of the season but Bruno Lage's side remain without a win. DON'T MISSArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternativesFive players Arsenal could sign before deadline after Arteta admissionArsenal should reignite interest in long-term target to become title challengers  He suffered a serious knee injury in April 2021 which kept him out until February this year. That has restricted his opportunities for Portugal, where he has scored one goal in three caps. Arsenal have won their first three matches of the season. But after the win over Bournemouth, manager Arteta admitted he wants to add more firepower and the successful start does not change his plans in the market. He said: "We don’t like reacting obviously, we want to get the players that we believe will make a big impact in the team. If we can do that, we will try to do that. If we cannot, we will stay with the players we have. "No it doesn’t change, but we know as well where we are short, where we have to add more firepower. And if we can do it, we will do it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 