Rob Rinder and Kate Garraway were back on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain and interviewed Shadow Defence Secretary John Healey about the Labour Party's stance on the railway worker and barristers strikes. However, the ITV hosts seemed to get frustrated when the MP failed to answer their questions directly. "I'm sorry," Garraway interrupted. "Because you're talking about the government again. "What is missing from these front pages is a clear vision of the Labour Party, the main opposition party in this country to give a choice for people. "So the Conservative Party... the government are very clear these strikes are wrong. "Dominic Raab saying this morning, justice is being held to ransom. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family  "What is the Labour Party's position? Are the strikes right or wrong? "And how would you nail your colour to the master what you believe in? "Do you go to the picket line or not? And if the answer is not, why?" The MP fired back: "We strongly back these workers in trying to get a fair deal and whether they're barristers or rail workers or NHS workers..."  "That's in theory," Garraway interrupted again. "But I am talking about something that people can really associate with, and if you don't believe going to the picket line is right, which is I'm sure a position that you might well hold. Why don't you believe it's right?" Mr Healey continued: "If we were under Labour cabinet, we'd have Keir Starmer as Prime Minister, and we would have a different government taking a different view. "Picking up the responsibility to bring people together and resolve these disputes by bringing people around the table. That's what government ministers should be doing." Following the interview, many unhappy viewers took to social media to share their thoughts. While some praised the hosts for putting the MP on the spot, others labelled it a "car crash". DON'T MISS...Rob Rinder blasted by GMB viewers for 'blaming' GP's during NHS crisis [REACTION]Shetland's Jimmy Perez to die after fans 'work out' replacement [SPOILERS]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [INSIGHT] Bim Badejo tweeted: "Car crash interview by this Labour shadow minister. What does Labour stand for? I am unclear and have been since Sir K was elected leader." Pattycakes said: "Shouty 'journalism' is embarrassing to watch. Labour aren't in power, GE is over a year away. Why should labour MPs offer solutions to Tory-made problems? "How about asking the government why they aren't governing, instead of just concentrating on the leadership race." (sic)  While user @wls350z added: "Does @GMB ever actually have any good news? Spend a morning watching this, and one would swear I live in a third world country that's about to explode. It's pathetic."  "Embarrassing. A Labour shadow secretary refusing to answer simple questions, and using the Tory manual of subterfuge with skill," user @belcher_the fumed. Tony asked: "Can this man answer a straight question? Yes or No?" Tania went on to praise: "Rob and Kate giving Labour MP a good grilling - why don’t they ever answer a question with yes or no clearly Labour have no vision for the country either - we are left with a rudderless ship on all sides."  "Loving Rob Rinder! Passionate about the topics & the need for clear answers. Always polite, never patronising. Great on every level! Let’s see more of him on GMB please," Diana Collinson tweeted. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.