Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark is a 26-year-old model and oldest child of Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, and his wife, Marie-Chantal Miller. The socialite was born in New York and spends time in both the US and London. She often goes home to her native land, Greece, too, and shares her adventures with her 200,000 plus Instagram followers. Princess Olympia shared a photo of herself on Instagram this morning looking elegant in a white and green fringe dress. The dress is the satin and fringe dress from Spanish designer Helena Mareque. The garment is no longer available to buy on Helena's website, but it is thought to have cost more than £1,000. The designer's other dresses range from €1,290 (£1,088) to €2,900 (£2,446). READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare The dress had a cowboy feel to it with the swaying fringes, and was also sleeveless. It reached Olympia's ankles and was white at the top and green at the bottom, almost like a tie-dye effect. The Princess matched the dress witj a pair of platform heels in a bright green. They were the Yes Darling Plateau 130 Crystal-Embellished Satin Platform Sandals in emerald.  From shoe brand Aquazzura, the heels featured a huge, ball-shaped diamond on both toes. Olympia accessorised with dangling diamond earrings. Her hair was slicked back in a low bun, and she wore shimmering bronzer on her high cheekbones. Royal fans were quick to comment on Olympia's look, praising her daring choice. Instagram user @melissakenneylimhp wrote: "I'm loving everything about this look." User @plbatch56 said: "Fun dress." User @sassy_twins commented: "Wow!!! I love the shoes!!!" User @ci.val added: "Wow!" However, user @2414_betty wrote: "Yes to the shoes. The dress looks like Big Bird." Despite Olympia not being as well-known as other European and British royals, one fashion expert previously called her "one of the most stylish royals there is". Fashion expert and personal stylist Samantha Harman said: “I’d say she’s one of the most stylish royals there is. "Her style is edgy."