Cressida Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years. The couple parted ways in 2014 and according to US Weekly, Robert Lacey, author of Battle of Brothers, revealed in his book that seeing Prince William and Kate Middleton's royal tour with their eight-month-old son Prince George was the last straw for Cressida. In the video, US Weekly wrote: "Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend Cressida Bonas' reason for ending their romance may have been revealed. "Before dating Meghan Markle, Harry had an on-and-off again relationship with Bonas for over two years and were initially introduced through his cousin, Princess Eugenie." US Weekly added: "According to the book, 'Battle of Brothers', by royal expert Robert Lacey, Bonas allegedly ended things with Harry after seeing Prince William and Kate Middleton on TV." Quoting the book, US Weekly added: "In 2014, she [Bonas] was said to have been "completely spooked" after watching the TV coverage of William and Kate touring New Zealand with baby George in tow. READ MORE: Prince William launches urgent plea after posting horror details of ranger 'assassination' "That was not the way she would want to enjoy her eight-month-old son, she regretfully explained to Harry." US Weekly continued: "Lacey's book alleged Bonas did not enjoy the critical remarks made about her during their time together. "Despite their split, Bonas remained friendly with Harry and even attended his wedding to [Meghan] Markle in 2018." In his book, Lacey writes: "Cressida did not enjoy the critical remarks that she could hear people making behind her back when she walked down the street in London. READ MORE: Queen’s £32,000 tribute of corgis and giant council party infuriates taxpayers “She felt that the fame of her relationship put her ‘in a box.'". At the time of their split, a friend said: “It’s very sad that they have decided to split but this is a completely amicable separation and they are remaining the very best of friends.” Two years after his split from Cressida, Harry met Meghan in 2016. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [REPORT] 'Very painful time' Queen's mother 'left alone' to deal with loss [REVEAL] Queen warned Harry's mention of royals in book 'would be razor sharp' [INSIGHT] The pair became engaged in November 2017, and got married, six months later, in May 2018. Since their wedding, Prince Harry and Meghan have welcomed two children together, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, 1. Cressida recently announced she is pregnant with her first child with her husband of two years, Harry Wentworth-Stanley. READ NEXT: