 Queen Elizabeth II is currently enjoying her annual, extended stay at Balmoral — her Scottish royal residence. Her Majesty travelled north in July to embark on her 10-week stay at the castle nestled in the highlands of Aberdeenshire. It is understood to be one of the Queen’s favourite places, but the Scottish county was also home to a controversial member of the royal staff, who was cut off from the family after a major misstep.  Back in 1950, the Queen’s former nanny, Marion Crawford, fled to her native country of Scotland after “betraying” the Royal Family and the then-princess. Ms Crawford — affectionately known as Crawfie — sold the story of her time as nanny to Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret’s to an American magazine. Robert Lacey, a royal historian and author of ‘The Crown: The inside history’, has claimed that once her former nanny “betrayed her”, the future Queen’s “harsh side” came out. Speaking on the recent Channel 4 documentary, ‘The Real Windsors’, he said: “To us, it all seems perfectly innocuous stuff, even rather bland. READ MORE: Queen health update: Aides wish monarch 'got peace and quiet' from family dramas  “But that didn’t matter to Princess Elizabeth and Elizabeth II as she became. “Crawfie had betrayed her.” Mr Lacey continued: “So, the Queen does have this harsh side when it comes to defending the principles that she thinks matter. “It was a formative experience that contributed to the seriousness with which she always approached her job. “Ruthlessness, some people call it.”  A year before her articles were published, Crawfie had retired from her role within the Royal Family after 16 years of service as governess to the two princesses. She was later approached by Ladies’ Home Journal with an offer for her memoirs. Crawfie went to Queen Elizabeth (later the Queen Mother) for advice, and her reply, given in a letter at the time, was unequivocal. She wrote: “I do feel, most definitely, that you should not write and sign articles about the children, as people in positions of confidence with us must be utterly oyster. DON'T MISS'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview  [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL]  “If you, the moment you finished teaching Margaret, started writing about her and Lilibet, well, we should never feel confidence in anyone again.” However, the Queen did agree that Crawfie could act as an adviser and be paid by the magazine, as long as her name did not appear — an arrangement that was seemingly taken for granted. Crawfie worked with a ghostwriter to produce her “affectionate memoir,” and despite Queen Elizabeth’s horrified reaction, Ladies’ Home Journal still published the articles. The stories, which detailed the years Crawfie spent bringing up Elizabeth and Margaret, appeared under her name in the US, and, after Woman’s Own bought the serialisation rights, in the UK as well.  Following their sensational success, the memoirs were turned into an equally popular book: ‘The Little Princesses: The Intimate Story of HRH Princess Elizabeth and HRH Princess Margaret by Their Governess.’ Eve Pollard, former editor of the Sunday Mirror and the Sunday Express, told the documentary that the early betrayal was a “real lesson” for the young princess, influencing her approach to duty and her reign as Queen. Ms Pollard said: “The breaking of trust at a very early age, I think, was a real lesson to the Queen: don’t get too close to people you’re not sure of. “Make sure that you can rely on them, make sure they will never tell, make sure there's loyalty there.  “And, often, make sure they’re from a background that would be as horrified by kiss-and-tell as you would yourself.” Crawfie was ostracised from the royal fold and subsequently fled to Aberdeen. She bought a house right on the route that the Royal Family took annually to Balmoral, but it is understood that they never visited or forgave her. Marion Crawford died at Hawkhill House (a nursing home in Aberdeen) on February 11, 1988.  Neither the Queen, the Queen Mother nor Princess Margaret sent a wreath to her funeral. Watch 'The Real Windsors' on All 4 here.