Video footage of an angry man standing in front of a combine harvester, in the middle of a field began to circulate on the internet. The dispute was caused because of dust, from the harvest landing on the angry man's sandwich. The footage shows him dangerously walking into the Berkshire farmer's field and standing in front of the combine harvester as it moves towards him. Many British farmers are hard at work collecting this year's harvest for winter, so it is a busy season for many.  The video clip was posted on Twitter by a user who goes by Berkshire Farm Girl. At the start of the video, a  woman begins to record the man standing in the middle of an open field, in front of the combine harvester in Berkshire. A thick cloud of dust can be seen around the harvesting machine, which is actively running through the field. As she pulls up to the man in her car, he comes over and steps away from the heavy machinery and begins to walk over when asked. JUST IN: Ukrainian wheat preparing for shipment to Africa along long-awaited grain corridor  The woman exits her vehicle to speak to the upset man, about what is going on. The angry man explains that he was just having a family meal. And the reason for his upset was that dust had been sprayed twice onto his family's food and table. The woman continues to try and calm the man down before the clip cuts out and ends. READ MORE: Putin's gravy train to be derailed TODAY... but now EU fury erupts over fresh crisis      Users on social media have been reacting to the video clip. One user @Noncareerartist said: "How’s he ‘lucky’ not to get hit by a vehicle? You’d go to jail." @HMofBray said: "Oh in Berkshire, Quelle surprise, he'll complain soon enough there's no beer or Weetabix available." @Andie1105 said: "Must be a townie. I was accused by one of allowing my horse to poo deliberately outside his house." @Sonsrap10 said: "So the chaps complaining about the machinery that’s used to make the bread for his sandwich that’s his sandwich has now got dust in it I think this an oxymoron."   DON’T MISS: 'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood- US steps toward 'annihilation'[INSIGHT] Nuclear horror: Timeline set for Russia to 'launch strike' if Putin feels like he's losing [REVEAL] Ukraine: Putin rocked by 'multiple' explosions at Russian base - beachgoers stunned [SPOTLIGHT]     