Former Emmerdale star Anthony Quinlan, quit the soap back in 2019 for a fresh start in Liverpool, with his last appearance airing in February 2020. And it seems as though leaving the small screen has given him a new lease of life, as he's embarked on a totally new journey altogether. The actor is now an online weight-loss coach, while focusing on his own fitness goals too. And his transformation has left fans in awe at how much he has changed in a short space of time Promoting his new healthy lifestyle, his Instagram is now packed with snaps in the gym, flaunting his ripped physique, including muscular arms and an impressive six-pack. His online business promises to help people lose weight, tone and build muscle and live a healthier lifestyle. With a tailored meal and workout plan to suit the individual, Anthony revealed: "I’ll simplify and educate you in health and nutrition so you can easily fit it in around your lifestyle." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Alongside running his personal training coaching business, he offers his social media fans some free workouts to get their hearts pumping. During lockdown, in partnership with Women's Aid, he put together a daily workout schedule to help people stay fit whilst the gyms were closed. And it's safe to say, they looked tough but very worth it. He penned: "Day 76 Instagram Live Workout. Today’s session for @womens_aid was a 1078 rep workout." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The full-body workout consisted of seven rounds of: 15 press-ups (on knees) 15 walkout+press-up (-press-up) 15 burpees (half burpee) 16 plank shoulder taps 16 mountain climbers 16 alternate mountain climbers 15 butterfly sit-ups (crunches) 15 squats 16 lunges 15 glute bridges READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim He added: "Feel free to reduce the reps to eight or 10 reps if you want to, it’s still a tough workout. "Thank you to all for talking part and supporting this fantastic charity. Go get it." Alongside the post he shared one of many jaw-dropping topless snaps, that showed off his rock-hard abs. Fans rushed to the comments section to share their thoughts. One wrote: "One round is enough to kill me. Well done on the hard work. Keep it up. "Anything this man can’t do!" Another praised. A third added: "Keep up the good work Looking strong!" "Well done for promoting healthy lifestyle for men, you have certainly changed your life around. Kudos," a fourth cheered.