Around 26 easyJet flights in and out of Gatwick Airport have been cancelled, due to staff sickness. A spokesperson said the London airport is facing shortages of crew in its traffic control tower and have “apologised for any inconvenience”. Gatwick confirmed that 13 arrival flights and 13 departure flights out of 180 EasyJet flights scheduled for today, have been cancelled. Destinations included Amsterdam, Paris and Edinburgh, leaving passengers stranded. A spokesperson said: "At 7am, restrictions were put on the number of flights that can arrive into Gatwick due to late-notice staff absence in the airport's control tower. "Some flights throughout the day may unfortunately be delayed or cancelled as a result. Gatwick would like to apologise for any inconvenience this will cause to our passengers." READ MORE: Pilot shares what actually happens if you don't switch off mobile Claire on Twitter explained: “I dropped luggage, paid excess weight on suitcase, showed boarding pass to two EasyJet staff. I was then refused entry at security and told by Gatwick staff that flight was cancelled!  Was then informed I needed to wait two hrs to get my case returned @easyjet.” Vikki fumed: “What an actual sh*t show from @easyJet @easyJetholidays @Gatwick_Airport today. Absolute shambles & not one person who wants to help.” Unlike British Airways at Heathrow, Gatwick said it wouldn’t need to extend existing restrictions on passenger numbers beyond the end of August, also known as the passenger cap. The London airport also it had provided extra personnel to support other airport operators, including airline baggage handlers, in a bid to improve performance. DON'T MISS...Food storage hacks: How to keep berries mould-free for 2 weeks [GUIDE]How to clean pillows without washing - ‘Kills germs & bacteria!’ [EXPERT]Reverse signs of ageing in 2 weeks with award-winning facial oil [BEAUTY] Gatwick recently published its half-year results, explaining there is a strong demand for overseas destinations which has "fast-tracked" the airport's recovery from the devastating impact of the coronavirus crisis. It also reported a return to profit in the first six months of this year. There are 32.8 million passengers expected to go through Gatwick Airport’s doors this year - up from 6.3 million in 2021. But this prediction could be hit by inflation, which is pushing up costs and making people cut back on luxuries such as travel and holidays. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk Revenue for the airport reached £291.5m in the six months, while post-tax profit hit £50.6m. Chief executive Stewart Wingate said: "The unprecedented growth in traffic led to short-term operational issues in June, however, our decisive early action to limit the airport's capacity in the crucial school holiday period of July and August has ensured passengers have experienced reliable flight timetables over the summer months. “We are now very much operating business as usual and do not see any reason to extend the capacity declaration." He added: "We still have some considerable way to go, but strong demand has fast-tracked Gatwick's recovery from the pandemic, particularly in the last quarter since all UK travel restrictions were removed. "Air traffic volumes have reflected this strong passenger demand and have bounced back to around 75 percent of pre-Covid levels. "Despite some broad economic uncertainty, we are also looking forward to a successful second half to the year, with new, exciting airlines and routes coming on stream and continuous improvement in the high service standards Gatwick is known for." 