The NHS has said sunburn, insect bites and stings are common complaints at this time of year, especially in coastal regions like Devon. In most cases, they can be treated safely at home, however, emergency departments at Devon hospitals have recently seen an increase in people attending with bites from horseflies. The large agile insects, also known as gadflies, are found throughout the world, DevonLive reports. The insects prefer to fly in sunlight and avoid dark and shady areas. Only the female bites animals and humans to obtain blood for protein to produce their eggs. The female’s mouthparts have two sharp cutting blades and a sponge-like part to absorb the blood. NHS Devon’s Chief Nurse Darryn Allcorn said: “Prevention is always better than cure, but if you are suffering, in most cases, there are simple things you can do at home to ease your symptoms. Occasionally burns, bites and stings can be serious, so it’s a good idea to know how to help yourself and when to seek medical assistance.” The following advice has been issued by NHS Devon.  Most insect bites and stings are not serious and will get better within a few hours or days. Ask your pharmacist about medicines that can help, such as painkillers, creams and antihistamines. To treat an insect bite or sting, remove the sting or tick, if it's still in the skin, wash the affected area with soap and water, apply a cold compress or an ice pack to any swelling for at least 10 minutes, raise or elevate the affected area if possible and avoid scratching the area. Traditional home remedies, such as vinegar and bicarbonate of soda are unlikely to help. If you have troublesome symptoms after an insect bite or sting, the following treatments may help:   Contact your GP or call NHS 111 for advice if: Dial 999 for an ambulance immediately if you or someone else has symptoms of a severe reaction, such as:  Do: Don’t: A pharmacist can advise about the best creams to use and whether you need to see a GP. Ask for an urgent GP appointment or get help from NHS111 online or by calling 111 if you’ve been out in the sun and:  