I certainly will not be listening, but I am a royalist and have great respect for Harry. I also have no problem with his wife and their family living in America or anywhere else they choose. The problem I have is with various celebrities trying to increase their popularity by continually bullying this young couple. Yes, bullying, because that is what it is - criticising the Sussexes because they think it makes them look tough. Actually it makes these so-called stars look more like a bunch of useless idiots. If you are that against Meghan, why give her or her podcast so much publicity? She is probably laughing all the way to the bank! The lack of leadership in this country combined with the encroachment of woke has led us to the current situation with the unions. A new Margaret Thatcher is what we need. The likes of Unite and the RMT seem to think they are democratically elected and as such are allowed to tell the rest of us what to do. Let me tell you, they are nothing of the sort. You see pickets at Felixstowe laughing and waving their pathetic flags and wearing T-shirts emblazoned with their union logos, oblivious to the real suffering of their fellow Britons. These people are already well paid, but they will soon affect us all when we start to see goods missing in shops. It has to stop. Meanwhile, union members on public transport should not be allowed to strike. They have got too big for their boots and need controlling or they will ruin the nation and stop the advancement of technology. Unions cost us so much in the past and we simply cannot allow that to happen again.    Having spent quite a lot of time last week in hospital - I have stage four kidney cancer - I was chatting to a couple of nurses, one of whom is going on strike. I do not usually approve of strikes, but my sympathies are with them. In real terms, nurses have had a pay cut: how are they supposed to actually live? They earn less than teachers, police and firefighters and yet they are also on the front line and saving our lives. The reason is that politicians are scared to do anything that might look as if they are changing the way the NHS is run. These costs now include items never considered when it was started - expensive diagnostic tests, huge IT systems, extortionately priced drugs. Nor is the money used efficiently. Politicians must stop worrying about criticism normally coming from the Left claiming they want to privatise the NHS. Nobody wants that to happen, but the NHS management has to be made more proactive and less wasteful.   Ww now have more jobs available than people wanting to do them, as apparently a lot of Britons would rather be on benefits than helping get this country back on its feet. I find that difficult to believe, but if they work they have to pay tax, they have to pay travelling expenses, and at the end of the day they reckon they will be worse off. The answer to this is to just cut benefits. And absolutely everybody seems to have mental health issues today. Why was it - apart from an unfortunate few - we never had those when I was young? Is everybody really going slightly bonkers or are we just becoming too soft? Generations before us went through wars and everyone knuckled down and helped out - such as the land girls. They did not just crumple due to anxiety. Time for this generation to man up.  Is it A requirement now that if you want to join the police force you have to be able to dance? If it is not I would be surprised, because all I see on social media are policemen in their hi-vis waistcoats looking more like little old lollipop ladies than coppers, dancing around and making themselves look stupid. Now that the police have gone woke, do they have to prove their pirouetting prowess before they are allowed out of college? Do not get me wrong. There are some very good officers who do a very dangerous job and who catch really nasty people. But too many seem to prefer putting on a show instead of keeping us safe from burglars... or helping those of us who are getting on a bit to cross the road.  The rather dull and boring Emily Maitlis has accused the BBC of being a tool of the Tories. Amazing. If the Beeb is a tool of anybody, it is definitely Labour. It is the most Leftist news output I have ever heard, although they will say they are trying to be impartial. Watching Emily give her rather turgid speech at the Edinburgh Television Festival has probably hastened the end of the TV licence - which, let is face it, cannot be a bad thing.  What is going on? Society has got itself into such a mess it does not seem to know where to turn next. On the one hand, woke wallies do not want anybody to be offended by anything - to such an extent that they try to dictate what we watch and listen to. And on the other, there was the violence last week in which a nine-year-old girl was shot dead in Liverpool, while knife crime continues to run out of control and robberies are no longer even investigated. Where is the discipline and good leadership needed at a time like this? Because if we do not get it, then we are all going to pay a very high price. 