Stephen (played by Todd Boyce) has been Audrey's (Sue Nicholls) rock over the last couple of months and has been eager to take the strain of handling her money off her hands. After a feud with the rest of the family, Audrey was adamant she was going to sign over her trust fund to Stephen, where he would then hand it out to the other family members. Whilst this angered the family, Stephen supported his mother's decision. However, after a near-death experience and a pep talk from her friends, Audrey has found a new lease of life and decided she will re-open her salon. Official spoilers reveal Audrey is set to change her mind on the trust fund, leaving Stephen shocked. However, he could soon turn his attention to Rover landlady Jenny (Sally Anne Matthews) leading to her losing the iconic pub. In upcoming scenes, Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) assures Stephen she won’t let a knockback from the bank deter her and she’ll find the money for their new project some other way. Excited about the re-launch of Audrey's Salon, the Platt family gather for the launch party, but Stephen is still insistent on his mother signing over the trust fund. However, he is shocked when she reveals she has changed her mind about where her money is going, before admitting to the family she tried to take her own life. The family are stunned at the admission, however, Audrey explains how she did it and what drove her to take such drastic measures. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family She then reveals despite their indifferences over the last few weeks, she has made an ordinary will for the family, where they will get equal shares, with the exception of Stephen who was kind enough to say he didn’t need it. Elsewhere, Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) takes up a labouring job with Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) but he’s sour about being stuck in Weatherfield. Jenny tells Leo that she doesn’t want to stand in the way of his future and he should make the move to Canada if he is becoming unhappy on the Cobbles. Seeking advice, Jenny assures Rita Tanner (Barbara Knox) it was fun while it lasted but she’ll get over Leo, however, Rita’s not taken in by her bravado. After getting over the shock of no longer receiving the trust fund, Stephen and Sarah pour over their business plan. Sarah reveals Jenny is the sole owner of the pub, which piques Stephen's interests, prompting him to turn on the charm and flirt with Jenny. After a few glasses of wine, Jenny invites Stephen through to the back and handing him a drink, kisses him passionately. Having had a talking to from Rita and Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell), Leo returns holding an engagement ring. DON'T MISS...POLL: Do you think Strictly judging line-up needs to change? [INSIGHT]Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 [WATCH]Where are the Last of the Summer Wine cast now? [LATEST] But as Gemma heads through to the back room with Leo will they find Jenny and Stephen in a clinch? Now Stephen knows he will no longer get any more from his mother, has he moved his interest to taking the Rovers from Jenny? Could having Jenny on his side come as a backup plan if the project with Sarah falls through? If Leo finds out they have kissed, it could be the push he needs to move to Canada, leaving Jenny vulnerable and easy target for Stephen's scams. Jenny and Leo have been going strong ever since they discussed their age gap shouldn't get in the way of how they feel. After becoming worried about the move to Canada, he told Jenny: "The job's not all that. I'll find something else." The paid exchanged "I love yous" and decided to continue their relationship in Weatherfield, however, Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) wasn't convinced his intentions were true. Could Stephen and Leo team up and take down Jenny and the Rovers together? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.