Successful claimants could receive either £247.40 or £369.60 every four weeks to help with additional living costs. Many people of state pension age could be missing out on regular payments from Attendance Allowance because they mistakenly believe they will not qualify for the additional benefit or are put off by the claims process. Age UK has compiled a list of the most common myths that put people off making a claim for Attendance Allowance and potentially missing out on much needed financial support. ‘My claim was turned down’Circumstances may have changed since the last time a person applied, especially if it was a while ago. If one's care needs have increased, they may find they are now eligible. ‘My income’s too high’Attendance Allowance is assessed purely on disability or health condition, and care or supervision needs. As it is not means-tested, it doesn't matter what a person earns or how much they have in savings. ‘I can get by without it’People have paid into the tax system all your life, and Age UK believes it is time for them to get something back. They urge people to think about what support or equipment might help them to carry on living independently at home for longer. READ MORE: 'Can double savings interest' - Britons urged to consider 2 'main things' to reduce tax Money from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) payment is awarded depending on the “severity” of someone’s health condition. The benefit payment is paid at two different rates, one higher and the other lower, because of this. Someone who is suffering from a severe health condition or illness would get £369.60 a month from Attendance Allowance. Someone can spend the money however they choose and it could help them stay independent in your own home for longer. READ MORE: ‘Don't fall for it' HSBC issues warning as rising scam sees victims lose up to £36,000 People should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have problems washing, bathing, getting around, eating or taking medication. All claimants have a responsibility to inform the DWP if their health condition betters or worsens as this could affect how much they will get. Those looking to apply for Attendance Allowance can download a claim form via the GOV.UK website. As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, campaigners are reminding Britons to check what extra benefits they may be entitled to. Around £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK so people should use the Government benefits tool to check what they may be entitled to. Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and they will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so someone can’t have money taken away from any other benefits. Britons won’t be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already get PIP or DLA to pay for their care. Those claiming the DWP payment could also be eligible for additional support through benefits such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction. Any money received from Attendance Allowance will be paid directly into the pensioner’s bank or building society account.