Disinfecting your toilet is essential for hygiene, as well as keeping your bathroom looking its absolute best. However, it can be frustrating trying to rid the porcelain of dust when wiping it down with a microfibre cloth. TikTok cleaning influencer @geo.cleans, who has an impressive 69k followers, says he has a hack which can "cut your cleaning time down", and help remove unwanted dust before you embark on disinfecting your toilet. In a video, he showed the hack in action, which has so far amassed almost 10k likes and 102 shares. The video shows Geo using a couple of squares of toilet paper to wipe down the tank and toilet seat to remove dust. He explained: "This simple hack will cut your cleaning time down and make the job so much easier. READ MORE: House sales: Common paint colour to ‘avoid using’ when selling a home "You will no longer have to excessively rinse your cloth trying to remove dust and hairs from your microfibre. "All you need is some toilet roll and in an 'S' pattern work from top to bottom. "The toilet roll will trap and hold dust meaning when you disinfect you don't need to clean twice. "It's super hygienic too as when you're done you will just flush it away." Cleaning experts at Astonish applauded the video as "extremely effective". Howard Moss, CEO of Astonish, said: "Instead of rinsing a cloth from the dust and dirt of a toilet and then having to wash it afterwards, use toilet roll to trap and hold the dust even when it’s wet with disinfectant. "That way you can avoid cleaning it twice. Toilet roll is biodegradable as it’s made from natural materials. "It’s perfect for cleaning damp areas and to go the extra mile, people can buy eco-friendly toilet roll that doesn’t have any plastic packaging.” DON'T MISSInside Neil Fox’s Thames-side home he ‘can’t imagine selling’ [REPORT]‘Quicker’ and ‘cheaper’ way to dry clothes without a tumble dryer [COMMENT]Kate and William's move to Adelaide Cottage branded 'disgraceful' [REVEALED] Cleaning experts at Astonish applauded the video as "extremely effective". Howard Moss, CEO of Astonish, said: "Instead of rinsing a cloth from the dust and dirt of a toilet and then having to wash it afterwards, use toilet roll to trap and hold the dust even when it’s wet with disinfectant. "That way you can avoid cleaning it twice. Toilet roll is biodegradable as it’s made from natural materials. "It’s perfect for cleaning damp areas and to go the extra mile, people can buy eco-friendly toilet roll that doesn’t have any plastic packaging.” Limescale can build up on the inside of your toilet, particularly if you live in an area with a hard water supply. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Adela Baker, a cleaning expert at Maid Brigade UK explained that limescale in toilets is “almost impossible to avoid”. However, there is a low-cost method which could help to cut through the stain. Angela said: "A cheap and effective way to clean your toilet without using harmful products is pouring half a litre of white vinegar into your toilet and leaving it overnight. “For quicker results, you can add baking powder.” Then just clean your toilet as normal to scrub the limescale away with a bathroom sponge and toilet brush.