  BBC presenter Kimberley Walsh opened up her family life in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The Girls Aloud star admitted that she wouldn’t be “pushing” her children into the music industry, as she reflected on how that world can actually be “quite tough”.     Morning Live star Kimberley, 40, shares three young sons with her husband Justin Scott, 38. The couple welcomed baby Nate last year, while his older brothers are Bobby, seven, and Cole, five. While Kimberley rose to fame in pop group Girls Aloud, Justin was part of the boyband Triple 8. Forming in 2003, Triple 8 included David Wilcox, Iain James Farquharson, Jamie Bell, Josh Barnett and Justin.     The band hit the UK Top 10 twice, with their first two singles Knockout and Give Me a Reason in the same year they were formed. With plenty of experience of the music industry and of handling fame, Kimberley and Justin are being careful about the way they bring up their children. Asked if she thinks her kids might be headed down a musical path, Kimberley confirmed that it could be in their futures. “They've definitely got some natural talent starting to come through like dancing and singing,” the proud mum of three reflected.     “I mean, my side of the family in particular is musical for generations going back so I kind of hoped that they would inherit those genes a little bit.” However, Kimberley went on to explain that she was hesitant about “pushing” her kids into the limelight. “I'm not sure if I'll be pushing them down that route because it is tough and it can be a tough area to go into,” she said. “But it is really nice to see how much my son enjoys expressing himself and dancing and singing and making up his own music and stuff. It's really nice to see.”     Kimberely went on to reveal that music was a huge part of her family’s lockdown experience, with their children keeping her and Justin endlessly entertained. “There were shows going on in our house daily,” she confirmed. “I think that's the nice thing that I can obviously share with them as well. “I like watching it and I'm quite happy to sit there and be entertained for hours.” Apart from spending lots of time with her adorable family, Kimberley has also joined up with the Wickes Community Programme, which will help transform a community in need.     The DIY enthusiast teamed up with home improvement retailer Wickes to launch the competition (now closed) which has given one community organisation the chance to win £10,000. Wickes launched the initiative after research revealed half of Brits claim a renewed Community Space would improve their mental health and wellbeing. Kimberley has joined forces with home improvement retailer Wickes to launch the Wickes Community Programme Competition, offering a community organisation the chance to win £10,000. Entries for the competition are now closed.   