RMT leader Mick Lynch's threat that walk-outs may continue indefinitely is outrageous. A modern country should not be held to ransom like this. Ms Truss has promised a "crackdown on the debilitating strikes" and hard-working families will cheer her on.  Her plan would introduce minimum service levels for critical national infrastructure, such as trains and buses. Many ordinary people who cannot afford to miss a shift, who do not have a car and lack the cash for a taxi fare will be pushed into deep stress by the self-indulgent actions of the strikers. Ms Truss's new laws will be introduced within a month of her taking office in September if, as is widely expected, she triumphs in the Tory leadership contest. She would increase ballot thresholds to make it harder for strikes to take place in all sectors. Such reforms will strengthen democracy and encourage unions to work cooperatively with employers. A thriving Britain will lead to wage rises the nation can afford, and rail workers have a vital role to play in keeping UK PLC on the move.  Young people deserve our true respect for how they have coped with Covid and the disruption to their education. As expected, the first students to physically sit exams since the pandemic shattered normality have been awarded lower grades than their counterparts who had teacher assessments. But they have done better than the class of 2019 and the nation will applaud their achievements. The proportion with top A* and A grades fell from 44.8 per cent last year to 36.4 per cent - still 11 points higher than 2019. It is exciting that an unprecedented 425,830 students will go to university. We wish them the very best on this adventure. They will make friends, broaden horizons, dance till dawn and grow in confidence. After being forced to isolate at an age when most of us treasured nothing more than hanging out with pals, they deserve every happiness. Rose Ayling-Ellis made history when she became the first deaf actor to play a regular character on EastEnders. Now, the Strictly Come Dancing champion has decided it is time for new challenges. We can only imagine what awaits this hugely talented 27-year-old but we are sure she will continue to enthral audiences. Rose is a true trailblazer and, having won Strictly's glitterball trophy, there is every reason to think that a shining future awaits.