Removing limescale from toilets can be particularly hard, especially if you’re not patient enough to let products work. Due to living in a hard water area, limescale often appears in my kettle, around taps and in the toilet. In fact, the toilet marks were so bad I thought the enamel had worn away in my upstairs bathroom. After putting two products to the test, it turned out to be limescale. Firstly, I decided to reach for a Dr.Beckmann cleaning product as I have always loved their items, in particular their washing machine cleaner. When I saw they had a foaming toilet cleaner, I decided to put it to the test. Available for £3, the self-foaming cleaning product comes with three toilet treatments. The directions for use stated to pour the contents directly into the toilet water and leave it for 10 minutes. READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals' With the limescale so bad in my toilet, I was dubious about whether it would actually work or not. I had also recently invested in a silicone cleaning brush as they are thought to be more hygienic but it didn’t work at all when it came to scrubbing away limescale, so I opted back for a bristle brush. After 10 minutes, the lemon fragrance was strong and I decided to scrub the foam around the toilet to distribute it. I then flushed it and waited to see if any of the limescale marks had gone. To my surprise, I could actually see the bottom of the toilet again, and was pleasantly surprised that it only took 10 minutes. DON'T MISS:Homes Under the Hammer student buyers increase house value by £44k [VIDEO]The city Jane McDonald lives when she’s not travelling the world [COMMENT]Four ways to minimise water usage in the garden [EXPLAINER] Not wanting to waste any more product, I opted for a cleaning product loved by Mrs Hinch and her fans, the Harpic Power Plus Toilet cleaner. I picked the product up in Tesco for around £1 and it claims to remove limescale, tough stains, rust and dirt build up. What’s more, it helps to keep germs and bacteria at bay, which is extremely important when it comes to cleaning. I have used this product for several years, but have never had to put it to the test like with the toilet in my new house. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ ways to add value to your home for as little as £20 Despite Mrs Hinch fans recommending leaving this product overnight, I decided to see how much limescale it would remove within 10 minutes. I poured some of the product into the bowl and left it to work its magic before returning to scrub it. As I started scrubbing the bottom of the toilet, the limescale began to melt away, coming away in chunks. After using the brush for a minute or so, I flushed the toilet to see how well it had worked. It needed more time to sit and so I poured more of the product down the toilet and left it for around 8 hours to work. I was optimistic that this was going to work and when I started scrubbing again, the limescale came away in huge chunks. To my surprise, the limescale around the rim of the toilet had also started to melt away and I didn’t even know it was there. After three minutes of scrubbing, I flushed the toilet and the bottom of the bowl was perfectly white again. This method was so easy and I will definitely be using both products in my cleaning routine again.