Supermarkets are doing their bit to help the environment by cutting down on their use of plastic. Marks and Spencer is the latest retailer to explore new options to display women’s clothing. Marks and Spencer will stop displaying knickers and bras on hangers in a bid to cut down on plastic waste. The retailer will instead look at other options when it comes to hanging women’s underwear in its branches. It wants to help the environment by decreasing the number of plastic hangers that end up in landfill sites every year. One option could be displaying clothing items on tables in stores, instead of hanging them, Marks and Spencer has said. READ MORE: Archie to be left ‘confused’ by Meghan and Harry’s decision The move came after the company received complaints from customers ordering lingerie, nightwear, and children’s clothes online. They claimed the hangers were unnecessarily being included in their parcels when they could have easily been folded instead. Some shoppers even took to social media to express their disappointment at Marks and Spencer’s use of hangers. Twitter user Andrea Leigh wrote last month: “@marksandspencer could you please stop sending out the tiny underwear hangers in online orders? I can see the display use in store but I have no need for them at home and can’t be recycled easily kerbside.” DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] Cat Balcombe added: “@marksandspencer need to try harder. When ordering online why all the unnecessary plastic packaging and coat hangers. Ridiculous all of this could have been folded in a paper bag or cardboard box.” Sunya Hundal commented: “Flashing my knickers to make a point. @marksandspencer can I buy these online without hangers?” Gayle Neale added: “Really @marksandspencer sending a plastic coat hanger for a simple t-shirt seems ridiculous let alone three for my order I’ve just received! I wonder how many unnecessary hangers you send out in a day, when you could easily reuse them! #GlobalWarming #plasticfree #marksandsparks.” Marks and Spencer said it is “committed” to providing sustainable packaging instead of plastic. The retailer will also collect and reuse the hangers already found on its shop floors. Customers can return their hangers to their local Marks and Spencer branch where they will be reused and recycled. A spokesperson for the retailer said: “In store, we have introduced a new display format whereby some lingerie is displayed on tables – removing the need for hangers. “We plan to expand this format further. “As we work towards our goal of becoming a zero-waste business by 2025, we are actively looking at ways to remove hangers before sending online orders to our customers, and have a number of trials ongoing. “Our jeans hangers contain 70 percent less plastic than the previous version and are designed for reuse using [a] clever circular design.” The spokesperson added that for those wanting to return a product without the hanger, underwear can be returned without them. However, the customer must make sure they have the swing ticket with the barcode in place and, where relevant, the hygiene seal.