Sophie, Countess of Wessex was last seen attending the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham last month. She looked beautiful accompanied by her husband, Prince Edward, and her children Lady Louise and James Viscount Severn. According to Tracey Ryan, skincare scientific advisor at Skin Trust Club, Sophie Wessex may follow a very simple beauty routine at night to look younger. She commented: "Sophie Wessex is known for looking much younger than her age. "Her youthful skin is much remarked upon in the media, and it's not hard to see why! "She embraces her natural glow and freckles and maintains a low-key skin routine on a daily basis." READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  The skincare expert explained Sophie may "exfoliate regularly to keep her skin clean and glowing". Health site Healthline advises exfoliating two to three times per week or "as long as your skin can handle it". Chemical exfoliants can be used more regularly while physical methods could too aggressive to use multiple times a week. Tracey also pointed out the royal "embraces her beautiful freckles" which enhances her radiant natural look.  A good way to gently exfoliate the skin on a daily basis is using a face flannel, which happens to be one of the Duchess of Cambridge's favourite skincare items. Kate reportedly uses a face cloth to wash her face and remove any make-up every night before going to bed. The Duchess's make-up artist Arabella Preston explained this is the best way to remove makeup and dirt at the end of the day. Face flannels are highly beneficial for the skin as they gently cleanse it but also exfoliate it. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Skincare expert Caroline Hirons explained: “Flannels get your skin clean. "Think of your parents: how did they wash you when you were a kid? They used a flannel. "They are more substantial than wipes or muslin, are far more effective at removing dirt, and help exfoliate the skin, too.” She continued: "You don’t have to spend a fortune on the plushest, fluffiest flannels. Any will do. But go for white so you get the satisfaction of seeing the muck come off,” Caroline said. Beauty expert Tracey Ryan explained Sophie Wessex may also use SPF on a daily basis, which is recommended for all skin types. However, "light skin types like hers can be particularly vulnerable to UV damage and need to take extra care". Tracey recommended wearing SPF on a daily basis all year round, "even in the winter months". This is because UV rays are always present and can leave lasting damage and cause dangerous skin conditions such as cancer.