Flying with a baby can be difficult and many passengers struggle to cope with a crying child onboard. However, one woman has provoked outrage after calling for adult-only flights. Morgan Lee, a 24 year old Florida resident, shared a video on TikTok which showed her on a plane while a baby cried. The screaming baby could be heard on the audio. Morgan said: “Why isn’t there such a thing as adult only flights? “I would pay so much money for that. The flight was three hours and I listened to this the whole time. “I have noise cancelling headphones, the child was well over five years old, and they sat directly behind me while kicking my chair as the mother slept.” READ MORE: The worst airline for flight delays shared While the video got over 650,000 views on Tiktok, many users didn’t agree with Morgan’s suggestion. One person said sarcastically: “Poor you. My heart goes out to you and the amount of hours you endured another human’s cries. I hope you’re better now.” Another said: “And this is why people/parents/mums have anxiety when leaving the house. Because no grace is given.” Another commenter added: “They’re called private planes and you can book a private flight and pay as much as you want to have the flight to yourself.” One person said: “I don’t have kids but even I have the maturity and grace to accept my situation, especially when there are children involved.” Flying with a child can be difficult especially during landing and takeoff as babies ears are more likely to be affected by the cabin pressure. One mother said: “As a woman who used to get extremely frustrated by this, I promise you now the mothers are already stressed because we know everyone else is mad.” A TikTok user even called Morgan “disgusting” for suggesting that some planes should be adults only. READ MORE: Bedbug hotel horror: ‘Wash every single item of clothing’ However, not everyone disagreed with some parents even taking Morgan’s side of the argument. One person said: “As a mum, I want an adult-only flight too.” Her comment got over 12,000 likes. Someone added: “I am a mother and I agree! I would pay more for an adults only flight. Why is everyone so pressed? She isn’t suggesting to throw them offboard.” One user joked: “Can I have an adult-less flight? I’ve had more problems with adults on flights than I’ve ever had with kids on flights.” Recently a man divided opinion after he complained that he was made to switch seats with a mother and baby. Although he had paid extra to book a seat at the front of the plane under the bulkheads, he then had to move after the new booking was made. He was offered an alternative extra legroom seat but said he felt p*d that’d he’d been asked to move for the baby and mother. Many Expresss.co.uk commenters felt the man’s anger was justified as he had booked the seat in advance.