The troubled youngster has become a firm favourite in the ITV soap, and actress Millie has tackled some big storylines while playing the Coronation Street teenager. It was confirmed recently the character would be making an exit from the soap, and while fans were disappointed to learn Kelly would soon be making a Weatherfield departure, speculation about her exit storyline has already begun. Millie has now addressed the big change in a social media post in which she thanked viewers.  Posting a message on Instagram Stories on Saturday, the 18-year-old broke her silence on Kelly's departure. She wrote: "Now that the news is out about me exiting the cobbles, I just want to say I've had the most incredible four years." Posting a picture along with the text of herself as Kelly, she paid tribute to her character and fans. "Growing up here, I've made long-lasting friendships, learnt so much and I am forever grateful for my time and the storylines I have been given," she added. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 "I'm really looking forward to you guys seeing the future episodes coming up and I can't thank @coronationstreet enough for letting me be a small piece in this beautiful family. "Kelly Neelan will be a part of my heart always." With a heart emoji, she concluded: "Thank you to you all for being so supportive." Millie made her debut on the ITV soap three years ago. Since joining the cobbles, Kelly has endured some heartbreaking situations. She found herself caught up in a murder trial, faced homelessness, was recently orphaned and was later kidnapped. It is understood the 18-year-old will be waving goodbye in an "explosive" storyline later this year. Millie won a British Soap Award earlier this year in the Best Young Performer category and has continued to secure fans with her heart-wrenching scenes. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast host swipes at co-star caught using phone [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Craig Rowe details surreal element of job [EXCLSUIVE]Shetland's Tosh star addresses promotion rumours after Douglas exit [LATEST] With her exit on the horizon, viewers are theorising how Kelly could be making her exit. Recently, Gary Windass (played by Mikey North) saved Kelly from her kidnapper, who had been a dodgy contact of her late father, Rick Neelan (Greg Wood). Kelly currently has no idea that it was in fact Gary who killed the dangerous Rick in self-defence years ago. Having since lost her mother Laura Neelan (Kel Allen), Kelly has turned to Gary to support her through her grief.  However, she missed out on saying goodbye to her mother because she held a grudge about Laura killing her father, which the latter admitted to on her deathbed to save Gary from prison. It's possible the youngster could find out about Gary's dark secrets and a showdown might commence. Finding Gary's actions unforgivable, it could be that Kelly takes drastic action and once again ends up in danger. Soap fans will have to wait and see how things end up for the unlucky teenager though. Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.