Pedro Neto has handed Arsenal a major boost in their pursuit of the Wolves star after he hinted that he may not be able to achieve his goals at Molineux, opening up on his “dream" to play in the Champions League. Neto believes that the Premier League side are “missing something” in their pursuit for European football and, while he is content with life at the club, he is eager to play in Europe’s premier club competition. That will serve as an encouraging sign for Arsenal, who have made Neto their top target to complete an impressive transfer window in which the Gunners have spent over £120million. Mikel Arteta has identified the winger as the perfect addition to his squad, with £72m flop Nicolas Pepe set to make room by leaving on loan. Neto is rated highly by Wolves and won’t be sold cheaply this summer, especially given that the transfer deadline is just over a week away. The midlands outfit have reportedly slapped a £70million price tag above his head to ward off interest from Arsenal, but the Gunners are monitoring his situation ahead of a potential move. Arteta’s side are making a concerted effort to break back into the top four after a five-year absence and are currently top of the table after winning all three of their games this season. READ MORE: Arsenal get Neto boost as Wolves 'reach agreement' with Man Utd target  And Neto’s unsurprising revelation that he is keen to play in the Champions League, which is guaranteed with a top-four finish in the Premier League, shows that their short-term ambitions are aligned. “The dream of any player is to play in the Champions League,” he said to The Times in the summer. “I want to help this club to go higher and higher because I think we have that potential with the way we work, the way we sign players, the way we try to arrive there. “We were very close last year but it is missing something and that’s something we have to work out between us.” DON'T MISSArsenal could be about to sign their own Jota for ArtetaTaylor's Transfers: Arsenal winger move, Chelsea exitArsenal may have Wenger to thank if Neto completes move The Portuguese winger, a £12m signing from Lazio in 2019 after a successful loan spell, had emerged as one of Bruno Lake’s key players before sustaining a serious injury last summer. But he has since made a full recovery and has attracted interest from around Europe after picking up where he left off with some impressive displays at Molineux. Neto’s comments came before Arsenal registered their interest in the talented winger, but the former Braga trainee admitted that hearing his name linked elsewhere helps motivate him to improve even further. He added: “I always like to hear this sort of stuff but I’m focused on my job here because I’m feeling very good here. The things you hear makes you work even more, it’s good for you and your mentality to know that people know your value. It gives me more hunger to work harder.”