The Duke of Sussex's tell-all memoir is set to be released at the end of this year and Russell Myers claimed the book "is going to be explosive". The royal expert opened up on the memoir on Monday's instalment of Lorraine where he told viewers "wounds are still very raw" for the Prince. Christine Lampard who was filling in for host Lorraine Kelly briefly discussed how the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are due to visit the UK next month.She then asked about the Duke's upcoming memoir and the widespread speculation about what the book may contain about his life.She added: "It's very interesting times, isn't it? I am guessing there is a lot of worry within the Royal Family."Russell replied: "Well there is, definitely, I mean this memoir is going to be explosive."He also claimed "wounds are still very raw" for Prince Harry, who stepped down as a senior royal in recent years, during the ITV interview. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos Royal observers expect the book to cover his mother, Princess Diana's, death as well as his move to America and his parenting of children Lilibet and Archie. Russell said: "Whatever he says, people around will be pouring over the detail." The expert also claimed Harry's team has been in touch with the judicial investigators in Paris who looked into Diana's fatal car crash. "This year is, of course, the 25th anniversary (of her death) coinciding with the release of his book," Russell added.  "No doubt, he will be speaking a lot about the trauma and the grief he went through and how that shaped him as a person." Prince Harry was just 12 years old when his mother tragically died, with the car crash happening two weeks before his 13th birthday. Prince William was 15 years old at the time and the two princes were spending time with their grandmother the Queen at Balmoral Castle, in Scotland, when Diana died. Diana was 36 when her life ended, with her untimely death creating an unprecedented outpour of grief around the globe. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry ‘hides behind Meghan’ body language expert claims  [UPDATE]Royal POLL: Do you support Meghan and Harry’s return to UK next month? [LATEST]Meghan and Harry 'will want to visit the Queen' as schedules overlap [INSIGHT] When news of Prince Harry's memoir was released, he said in a statement: “My hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that, no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” He said the book, which will cover his time in the public eye, would be “accurate and wholly truthful”. The Duke quit his role as a senior royal in January 2020 when he moved to California with Meghan. The couple opened up about their decision to "step back from royal duties" during a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021.  In a recent interview on Times Radio, royal editor for the Sunday Times Roya Nikkhah said of Harry's memoir: "It promises to, possibly, cause some of the biggest drama the royal family has seen. “He’s going to write what he describes as this intimate and heartfelt book - no holds barred. “It might make the Oprah interview look like child's play in comparison.” Lorraine continues on weekdays at 9am on ITV. 