Major UK supermarkets have banned a popular product usually used in summer because of the ensuing nationwide heatwave. The ban comes as wildfires are expected to spread in some parts of the country. Asda is the latest supermarket to ban the sale of disposable barbecues in its stores. The decision comes as concerns grow over the fire risks associated with disposable barbecues during hot weather. Fire brigades have warned the public that barbecues can lead to fires when the land is dry. A spokesperson for Asda said: “I can confirm that we are in the process of briefing our stores to temporarily pause the sale of disposable BBQs whilst the weather is so dry.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare B&Q has also banned the sale of the product in its stores. The retailer follows the decisions of Marks and Spencer, Tesco, and Sainsbury’s. Marks and Spencer was the first supermarket to ban the sale, having stopped selling disposable barbecues in stores near national parks and in London. This was because the capital experienced hotter weather at the beginning of the summer than any other UK region. DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] Meanwhile, the Co-op announced as early as last year that it will no longer be selling disposable barbecues in 130 shops. These were situated in or within a one-mile radius of national parks. Aldi also said in March earlier this year that it would no longer sell the product in any of its UK supermarkets in a bid to protect the country’s woodlands and wildlife. The London Fire Brigade wants all supermarkets to stop selling disposable barbecues permanently, and is backing a petition in favour of this written to the Government. Last night, the London Fire Brigade warned the public to be careful when spending time outside in the capital’s parks. The organisation tweeted: “If you’re enjoying London’s parks and open spaces today, please remember to clear away your rubbish and any glass. “The grass is tinderbox dry and glass could magnify the sun and start a fire.” Fires are spreading in other parts of the country too, not just London, and fire brigades nationwide are urging people to stay safe. Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service wrote on Twitter: “Stay safe during hot weather. “Never have a BBQ on your balcony, never prop open a fire door, don’t overload your electric sockets.” In another tweet, the organisation added: “Moorland fires destroy the food that lots of our wildlife need to survive. “These fires have a shocking impact on the birds and animals that make the moors their home. “Please act responsibly and protect the moors.”