Manchester United are willing to meet Red Bull Salzburg’s £41.8million asking price for Benjamin Sesko, according to reports in Spain. The 19-year-old has emerged as a priority target for Erik ten Hag late in the transfer window. John Murtough recently jetted out for talks with the teenager’s agent, with the Red Devils supremo eager to deliver a fourth signing before September 1. Manchester United are set to go into Sunday’s Premier League opener with Brighton short on firepower. Edinson Cavani has left Old Trafford, Mason Greenwood remains unavailable and Anthony Martial has picked an injury that rules him out of the contest. United have also been linked with Sesko at a time where Cristiano Ronaldo’s future is up in the air, with the Portugal international eager to join a team who can offer him Champions League football. And Sport claim the Red Devils are willing to meet Salzburg’s £41.8m asking price in order to secure Sesko’s signature. Within Salzburg, they feel he could end up being even better than Erling Haaland. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Haaland is a generational talent, one that will be gracing the Premier League after moving to Manchester City from German giants Borussia Dortmund. And that bodes well for United if they’re able to complete a deal for the Slovenian star. Murtough recently held talks with the striker’s agent, Elivs Basanovic, to ensure they fend off competition from the likes of Chelsea, Real Madrid and Liverpool for the hitman. Madrid have been eyeing Sesko, having missed out on Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal - who was their preferred transfer target. But United appear to be in pole position to strike a deal as they look to make the youngster their fourth signing of the summer. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the left-back arriving from Feyenoord to provide competition for Luke Shaw in that area. United then proceeded to sign Christian Eriksen on a free transfer from Brentford, just over a year after he suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships. And Lisandro Martinez was the third player to arrive, touching down from Ajax to be reunited with Ten Hag at Old Trafford. As well as Sesko, United have been linked with Antony. But they’ve been priced out of a deal for the Ajax star, with the Eredivisie giants seeking a fee in the region of £80million to let their prized asset go. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Speaking at the end of last month, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted more signings were vital in order for United to improve. “We sign Eriksen for the midfield department,” the United boss said. “We are really happy with that. “Yes, I am really happy with the performance from our midfield and offence department in this moment. “But I also know this season – we talk about it in Bangkok and Melbourne as well – is a lot of games, the World Cup, so we need more options where you have a good team. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “And it’s not only about the team, you need a good squad to get the right results at the end of the season. “So we have to strengthen the squad even more and we are looking around, but also we need the right players.” And he added: “That is a reason but also the number of games, so you need more options in offence. Clear. “I think it’s vital if you want to get success. The season is really long but we still also have time to fill that in.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here