Cristiano Ronaldo and Erik ten Hag appeared to have a tense chat in Sunday’s fixture between Manchester United and Rayo Vallecano. The Red Devils drew 1-1 with their La Liga counterparts at Old Trafford. And their No 7 made a quick getaway from the stadium after being hooked at half-time. On Sunday, Ten Hag decided to start Ronaldo up top against Vallecano. And it was a frustrating afternoon for the veteran, who blazed an effort over the bar and cut an anonymous figure during his 45 minutes on the pitch. Now, a video shared by @Eliamvl1 shows Ten Hag and Ronaldo having a tense chat during the match at Old Trafford. The United forward appears to be defending himself, standing with his arms outstretched and remonstrating with his new boss. The Portugal international didn’t seem too happy with what Ten Hag was telling him, shrugging and even rolling his eyes at some point. And Ten Hag refused to say after the game whether he’d given Ronaldo permission to leave the ground early, having been taken off at half-time. United have had to put up with speculation over Ronaldo’s future all throughout the summer so far, with the 37-year-old eager to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football. After scoring 24 goals across all competitions, the former Juventus and Real Madrid star feels he can still play at the highest level. But, right now, Ronaldo has few suitors. Atletico Madrid are interested, despite publicly downplaying interest, yet will need to offload some players in order to accommodate the veteran. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd can do five Ronaldo swap deals to avoid Ten Hag nightmareMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join  Antoine Griezmann is on the market, though United aren’t interested in any potential swap deal for the France international. And it’s a similar story with Thomas Lemar as well. Ronaldo moving to Atletico would risk tarnishing his Real Madrid legacy, however, and it’s unclear if a move back to La Liga will actually take place. Juventus and Real aren’t interested in returns for the veteran, while Barcelona have spent the bulk of their budget on the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha and Jules Kounde already. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly held talks with Ronaldo’s agent, Jorge Mendes, back in June. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet Thomas Tuchel doesn’t want the United star, consequently making a move to Stamford Bridge unlikely at the current moment in time. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former Arsenal and Portsmouth star Paul Merson called on United to get rid of Ronaldo as soon as possible. “Ronaldo has told you what he wants, so why hang onto him?” he wrote in his column for the Daily Star. “Man United have got to draw the line and get rid of him if they really want to catch Man City and Liverpool. “If they can make him out to be the bad one, I think they've had a result. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “In all honestly, I don't think he does them any favours anyway. People say he got 24 goals last season but Man United never looked like winning anything. “It's alright him doing that but it's like a snooker player making 147s every game but never winning a tournament.” United are next in action against Brighton on Sunday. And Ronaldo is unlikely to star that fixture given he’s only just returned for pre-season. Instead, it’s feasible Ten Hag will deploy Anthony Martial up top alongside Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford as he targets three points at the first time of asking. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here