Frenkie de Jong's agents reportedly have bad news for Chelsea as they remain clear on the Dutchman's desire to stay at Barcelona. The development comes after more crucial transfer talks in which Barca president Joan Laporta tried to introduce super-agent Pini Zahvi into proceedings before being shut down by De Jong's camp. The long-running transfer saga for De Jong is now reaching key stages as Manchester United and Chelsea wait for a conclusive outcome. Both Premier League sides are heavily linked to the 25-year-old, who is believed to be Barca's highest earner. That presents a problem for Laporta as La Blaugrana are currently unable to register their new signings due to a lack of space on the wage bill. Xavi is due to take charge of the club's first game of the La Liga season on Saturday evening, but may have to do so without a host of stars. Barca are pushing for De Jong to accept a reduced wage, as has been done already by the likes of Gerard Pique and Ousmane Dembele, while Chelsea are positioning themselves to strike. JUST IN: Arsenal star Granit Xhaka drops contract hint and makes Mikel Arteta prediction According to ESPN, De Jong's camp remain 'clear' that there is no intention to leave Barcelona. The Dutchman branded it a 'childhood dream' to play at the Camp Nou amid interest from United earlier this summer, but fans hurled abuse at him on Wednesday when he arrived for training. A waiting group shouted in Spanish: "Lower your salary, b****," with talks ongoing behind the scenes. Laporta, who has publicly maintained that the club would like De Jong to stay, albeit on reduced terms, reportedly tried to introduce Zahavi into negotiations with Chelsea. DON'T MISS...Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Yeremy Pino after promising £34m bidArsenal proven right over their own Fernando Torres as free transfer saga showsTottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo move But De Jong's camp have told the two clubs not to do so amid a feeling that it would only hinder proceedings. With competing interests on all sides and little sign of an imminent resolution, it remains to be seen how the former Ajax star's situation plays out before the summer transfer window slams shut. United have had a £72million agreement in place for weeks, but Chelsea are supposedly prepared to match that fee and help to resolve a £17m wage dispute that has complicated the deal. The Blues are also thought to be keen on signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Barca this summer, so it may be in their best interests to keep relations sweet with Laporta.  The Times claim that Barcelona are unlikely to part with De Jong, Aubameyang and Memphis Depay which could leave the Blues disappointed. The latter is reportedly on the verge of signing for Juventus as talks continue to terminate his contract at the Camp Nou. Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel and co-owner Todd Boehly are set for a busy end to the window with Leicester City star Wesley Fofana also high on their hit list. Two bids, with the latest in the region of £70m, have already been submitted but Foxes boss Brendan Rodgers insists that more money is needed to set the wheels in motion.