One such way is through the use of an air-fryer, rather than a typical oven, to prepare the meal. As such, Rebecca Astill recently decided to try this new trend for herself, and was surprised by the result. Writing about her experience for BirminghamLive, she began: "Like most Brits, I flippin’ love a roast dinner. I was fortunate to grow up with mum making one pretty much every Sunday without fail, and it got me hooked. "One of the greatest sadnesses about moving out of my parents’ house was missing out on those weekly roasts. But on a budget, and with energy costs higher than ever, it’s just impractical to make a whole roast for myself. Based on an hour’s worth of cooking for a roast chicken, potatoes and vegetables, using an electric oven costs 60p. That’s quite a lot for one meal, especially if you try to do it every week. "But there just might be an alternative. I worked out, using an energy cost calculator, that using my Ninja Air Fryer for an hour would only cost 43.4p. That’s a whole 16.6p less, and these days every little adds up. This could be the answer to putting roasts back on the Sunday menu, at a slightly more affordable rate. "Air fryers also use about 70% less fat, so there’s the added advantage of fewer calories, too. I headed to Tesco and picked up the ingredients, before setting about attempting a roast dinner in an air fryer. "Here is how I did it."    "I’m not quite sure what I was expecting from an air fryer roast but it certainly wasn’t quite how good it was. The chicken was the main event, it was perfectly and evenly cooked throughout, with a crispy skin and moist meat. "Even next to the bone, no meat was pink, everything was a consistent, even colour. The flavouring from the lemon and thyme had slightly seeped out leaving a barely identifiable fragrance. "Elsewhere on the plate, the potatoes had crispened up perfectly thanks to being cut quite small, and the carrots had caramelised on the outside as if roasted in an oven. The only disappointment was the broccoli which was overdone - definitely something to work on. "I copped out with the gravy, using Bisto, but it brought the whole dish together perfectly. If you had served that meal up in front of me, I would never have been able to guess it was made in an air fryer rather than a regular oven, nor that it was a low fat alternative. "The crispy golden skin on the chicken speaks for itself."  "A kitchen appliance that cooks everything an oven can, but with less calories and less energy cost, it has to be too good to be true, surely? I was late to the air fryer game, only acquiring one earlier this year, but I’ve never looked back. "Air fryers work using convection heat, by circulating hot air to cook the food. It creates the effect of fried food without the need for oil. "Although a reasonable investment to start with, air fryers will end up saving you money so far as energy costs are concerned."  "From personal experience, I’ve only used two but I can recommend both for different reasons. My favourite is the Ninja Air Fryer AF100UK which is currently on sale for £99.99, down from its usual price of £129.99.  "It’s easy to use and has four options, air fry, roast, reheat and dehydrate. The Ninja Air Fryer is easy to clean (which can be an issue with other air fryers) and is big enough to make several portions.