Groups of migrants hoping to make the perilous journey to UK shores have reportedly stormed French police officers on a beach near Calais. In the early afternoon along an area of the beach busy with tourists, French authorities faced a storm of “hundreds” of migrants attempting to overwhelm border authorities. The so-called “flash mobs” have been described as a “new trend” as the number of migrants crossing the British Channel to UK soil has reached record highs.    Reporting from the tourist beach near Calais, Channel 4 foreign correspondent Paraic O’Brien described the scene. He said: “This is just after Monday’s record high, what we’re seeing is a new trend. “Police sources are describing it to us as migrant flash mobs. “Hundreds of migrants arrive onto one beach and try to overwhelm the police in terms of numbers.”    Authorities at the scene were able to foil the attempted launch, forcing the huge group of migrants to turn back. The plan had reportedly been to launch several coordinated crossings at the same time in order to overwhelm the police force. It comes as French authorities were captured tackling an attempted crossing at a beach near Dunkirk where a group of 30 to 40 migrants stormed towards the scene before they were met by officers. French police slashed the inflatable dinghy the group had been carrying and pepper sprayed at least one man who attempted to confront officers following the incident. Read more: French police slash dinghies and pepper spray people near Dunkirk VID The recent heatwave has seen the number of migrant Channel crossings surge as the calm weather has provided better conditions for the dangerous route across from France to the UK. Monday saw a record breaking 1,295 migrants cross the channel in a total of 27 small boats, crushing the previous recorded high of 1,185 in a single day. The remainder of the week has seen a similarly high number of Channel crossings as weather conditions remain favourable. On Thursday, a further 804 migrants were detected crossing the British Channel, an increase on the 532 people recorded on Wednesday. Don't miss: Brexit: Truss handed blueprint to solve illegal migration  [REVEAL]Albanian gangs offer migrants free minibus rides to Channel [INSIGHT]People smugglers use TikTok to lure in migrants [REPORT] Since the beginning of the year, the number of migrants who have reached the UK by crossing the Channel from France has exceeded 20,000. The statistics show a dramatic increase on the data collected through the same period in 2021 which recorded just over 11,300 crossings. In August so far, over 7,000 migrants have crossed the Channel in small boats, steadily pushing the annual figure closer to 25,000. With the UK in the midst of a Conservative leadership election, both Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have vowed to push forward with the proposed Rwanda deportation policy to address the migrant crisis if they become the new Prime Minister. Read next: ‘The problem is us’: Farage blasts Brexit failures for migrant crisisSunak pledges to ‘stop illegal migration’ with Rwanda policyIt must be made clear that illegal migrants cannot stay - COMMENTChannel migrant crisis could go on for more than '5 years'More than 900 migrants cross Channel in a single day