Shetland season seven has just started airing on BBC One and Douglas Henshall is back as DI Jimmy Perez for his final outing. In the opening moments of the first episode, he mentioned a character called Donna Killick in a conversation. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Donna Killick (played by Fiona Bell). Season seven opened with Jimmy visiting an old acquaintance in prison, who spoke about letting "Donna Killick off the hook". In the next scene, at Aberdeen Police Headquarters, a committee leader is heard saying: "This committee has been instructed to review the findings of the police investigation and reviews commissioner into the death of Donna Killick. "We must decide whether a charge of misconduct holds. Is there anything you would like to add in your defence before we reach our decision?" Jimmy is seen saying: "I'm a police officer, it's the only thing I have ever done, it's the only thing I have ever wanted to do. "I really don't want to jeopardise my chances of being cleared here today.  READ MORE: Shetland's Tosh star ‘bereft’ over Douglas Henshall’s exit  "I have to say this, Donna Killick was dying, and she wanted to punish people. In particular, Duncan Hunter and me. "She manipulated Duncan Hunter into committing a crime and she tried to ruin my career through false accusations.  With all due respect, that was self-evident to anyone who actually knew her." Viewers will remember Jimmy and Duncan were framed for Donna's murder. Jimmy was concerned about her hold over Duncan which resulted in the character assisting her in taking her own life. Duncan was later arrested after turning himself in. Donna was one of the main antagonists in the previous season of Shetland and she was in charge of an animal sanctuary. Throughout the course of season six, viewers discovered her dead husband Kevin used to abuse her. To escape from her husband, she started having an affair with Duncan Hunter (Mark Bonnar), who was the father of Jimmy Perez stepdaughter Cassie (Erin Armstrong).    Kevin was believed to have killed Lizzie Kilmuir (Julia Brown) after DNA was found on the scarf used to strangle her. However in the end, a photograph was found of Donna on the ferry going through the trunk of her car, the day after Lizzie's disappearance. Jimmy interrogated Donna and she finally admitted she had killed Lizzie, after she threatened to tell Kevin about her affair with Duncan. Donna said she had begged Lizzie not to tell Kevin out of fear he would retaliate. Jimmy was furious at Donna for allowing Thomas Malone (Stephen Walters) to go to prison for a crime she committed. DON'T MISS... Why is Douglas Henshall leaving Shetland? [INSIGHT] Shetland location: Where is Jimmy Perez series filmed? [EXPLAINER] How many episodes are in Shetland season 7? [INSIGHT]  He thought she may have been responsible for both Lizzie and journalist Sally McColl's (Amy Lennox) murders, but Donna said she had not killed Sally. She was telling the truth as it was revealed former police officer Drew McColl (Sean McGinley) had framed Thomas for Lizzie's murder to protect Donna. He killed Sally when she threatened to reveal all about what happened, adding yet another twist to the tale. At the start of season six, Thomas Malone was being released from prison for the murder of Lizzie, having served 23 years.  Soon afterwards, journalist Sally was found strangled to death like Lizzie. Donna was the mother of Allan Killick (Gerard Miller) and Sally was Alan's girlfriend, with Donna disapproving of their relationship. Donna also grew frustrated that Alan was spending time with Cassie and had been offering her work. Jimmy later discovered old footage of a beach party Lizzie attended and learned about Donna's affair with Duncan and found Alan was Cassie's half-brother. Shetland returns next Wednesday on BBC One at 9pm.