Robbery is just one crime travellers could face in their hotel room. While you might presume your hotel room to be safe from theft, a study found that 38 percent of guest thefts took place in hotel rooms. A number of videos have appeared online recently showing just how easy it is to break into a hotel room. A flight attendant, who regularly shares her travel advice online, has detailed her extensive safety routine to keep her hotel room secure. Flight attendant CiCi, boasts more than 73,000 followers on her TikTok account. The travel expert recently warned travellers not to eat anything on a plane before taking a vital precaution and a brilliant hack to never lose your luggage again. Now she has shown would-be travellers her strategy, which takes only one minute. First, she looks around the room to check there are no unwelcome intruders. She explains: "After I open my door I prop my door open to do my checks. READ MORE: 'Putting yourself in danger': Why flight attendants insist tables and seats go up to land "I check the closet, the shower and behind the curtains. I check to make sure the phone works. "After that's all clear I shut the door and I make sure the (spy hole) is closed." Some hotel room peepholes do not have covers, but there is a way to fix this, CiCi told fans. She said: "If there's no cover just take some tissue and shove it in there, so no one can see inside your room." DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares cardinal hotel hygiene tip [HACK] Flight attendant explains toilet etiquette on board that annoys crew [INSIGHT] Flight attendant's 'essentials' she always packs in her carry-on [EXPERT] Next Cici puts the privacy sign on the door handle outside her room and leaves her suitcase in front of the door. This is to block anything from coming under the door, such as cameras. CiCi also makes sure to minimise the risk of robbery when she is out too. She said: "When I leave my room I leave the TV on with the volume up. Not loud enough to disturb people, just at a normal volume I would watch TV on regularly." Keeping your hotel room secret could help with security, and CiCi always makes sure to do so. She said: "When you are checking in, make sure the front desk person doesn't say your room number and you don't say your room number." And lastly, Cici advised: "Make sure you know where your fire exits are. "And, always be situationally aware as you go to your room. "If your gut is telling you something is wrong, follow your gut." Another hotel room hack has been divulged by a flight attendant, this time explaining how to create black-out blinds in any room. Victoria Leigh is a flight attendant based in California. She posts her travel tips and insights into cabin crew life to her 81.4k followers on her TikTok. She demonstrated how to use a hanger to fully close blinds. Fans were quick to praise the clever trick. One said: "Solid gold tip, that is. (Why do the curtains never completely shut?)"