The Last Kingdom viewers are eagerly awaiting Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) return in the film Seven Kings Must Die. One character who sadly will not be returning is his love interest Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) who died in season five of the series. But the actress has already taken on a new role in an upcoming film and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. It was not long ago that The Last Kingdom fans said goodbye to the Lady of Mercia for the final time. Millie Brady had embraced the role of the young ruler since the second season and she was sad to let the character go. However, it is now onwards and upwards for the 28-year-old actress and model, as she takes on a new role. Stepping away from the historical drama genre, she is due to star as a lifestyle mogul and former supermodel in a new film. The film is titled Object Permanence, a futuristic thriller by director Filip Jan Rymsza. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers She has also been keeping fans up to date with her other projects, including the series Surface. After sharing a photo from the latest episode, her The Last Kingdom co-stars flooded her with support. Her on-screen mother Eliza Butterworth, who played Aelswith, said: "That's our girl." Brida star Emily Cox shared a clapping hands emoji as she celebrated her co-star's latest goal. Millie shared the news of her new role in Object Permanence on Instagram and once again received plenty of praise from her co-stars. The synopsis says: "Prior to becoming a lifestyle mogul, Brooke [Millie] was a supermodel. "After her success in the lifestyle industry, she becomes the first person to IPO (Initial Public Offering) herself. "She will then have to face the identity she has created for the public, as well as her sense of self." DON'T MISS... Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage [VIDEO] The Last Kingdom's Uhtred star reunites with co-stars for new project [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom film: Will Uhtred and Eadith get together? [DISCUSSION] The film's creator, Filip, told Variety: "Millie is such a force: a transfixing union of vibrance, instinct and craft. "I'm deeply inspired by the soulfulness of her interpretation." Millie said she was honoured to be working with Filip, calling him a "true visionary". She added: "His script is something that feels both dystopian and uncomfortably close to reality. "It's an important story to tell for the time we are living in." Filming is scheduled to start in September and it will be shot in Poland, Germany, and Thailand. No official release date has been given yet but hopefully, it will be available by late 2023. In the meantime, the actress and model can be seen in Surface, which is available to stream on Apple TV+. The Last Kingdom is on Netflix now and filming has finished on Seven Kings Must Die.