The BAFTA nomination idea has come from actress Dame Maureen Lipman who joked that the Queen deserves a ‘best newcomer prize’ for her part in the sketch. The Queen’s appearance beside Paddington, voiced by Ben Whishaw, was a complete surprise to royal fans and even Her Majesty’s family members. The clip was part of the opening to the Platinum Jubilee Party concert by the BBC which saw Her Majesty host the Peruvian bear for afternoon tea. In true Paddington style, the lunch goes awry with many spillages including some landing on the butler. Eventually the bear pulled out a marmalade sandwich from under his hat ‘for emergencies’ and Her Majesty answered a long thought question about the contents of her bag. The Queen pulled out a perfectly square marmalade sandwich from her classic small black Launer handbag. The monarch and the bear then tap out the beat to ‘We Will Rock You’ by Queen using a teaspoon on the edge of a china teacup. Dame Lipman joked: “I’m going to put forward to BAFTA that the Queen should get the best newcomer prizes, for best appearance in a short film.” The clip was much loved by the youngest members of the Queen’s family and royal fans alike. Her majesty, 96, spent half a day filming the sketch at Windsor Castle away from many of her family members. READ MORE: Leadership in Truss's sights as support SURGE gives her 20 point lead Anna Marsh, the chief executive of StudioCanal was involved in the filming and said: “Filming with Her Majesty and Paddington Bear at The Palace is a memory we will all cherish. “Her Majesty’s warmth and generosity was a joy to behold.” She added: “And who better to thank Her Majesty than Paddington, over a pot of tea, a marmalade sandwich, and with a touch of chaos. Aunt Lucy would be proud.” The two-and-a-half-minute clip led to many asking how Her Majesty could interact with the fictional bear. DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon urged to resign over ‘mismanagement of Scotland’ (INSIGHT)Royal POLL: Has Meghan Markle had a positive impact on Royal Family? (POLL)Who won latest Tory leadership debate – Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak? VOTE (POLL) However, Palace aides refused to explain the details and ‘ruin the magic’ of the humorous sketch. Mr Whishaw who is known for his role as Q in the recent James Bond films is usually filmed wearing a mechanical head and then visual effects are added digitally. Paddington congratulated the Queen on her 70 years on the throne saying: “Happy Jubilee Ma’am. And thank you. For everything.” Her Majesty replied: “That’s very kind.”