A viral video has captured the heartwarming moment Princess Charlotte mirrored her father Prince William’s body language during the young royal’s first solo engagement at the Commonwealth Games last week. In the short clip, which has received more than 1.1m views on TikTok, the seven-year-old Princess is seen sitting in between her parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during a visit to the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham on 2 August.  Watching her father speak to one of the Commonwealth Games attendees, Charlotte begins to mimic her father’s relaxed stance. The royal leans in and rests her arms on her knees, with her hands clasped in front of her just like Prince William. The TikToker captioned the viral video: “L​​ike father like daughter, it is not a coincidence that Princess Charlotte was sitting there in an identical position to that of her father." Fans of the royal family took to the comments section to share their reactions to the “lovely” video and even noted how similar Princess Charlotte is to her father.   One user said: “That’s lovely." Another person pointed out: "She’s the image of William from the side." A third added: “So cute. She’s like a mini dad here.” Princess Charlotte stole the show at last week’s Commonwealth Games, where the young royal enjoyed a packed day of watching the swimming, hockey and gymnastics events. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry told 'they’d be crazy' to sell as £11m home  Princess Charlotte, who wore a striped dress and pigtails, was seen pulling faces and sticking out her tongue as she watched the men’s 1,500m freestyle swimming alongside Prince William and Kate Middleton. Princess Charlotte was also seen rolling her eyes following a comment from her father, as well as clapping and smiling with her thumbs up at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre in Birmingham. The royals were cheering and applauding alongside the crowd for England 1,500m freestyle hopeful Luke Turley on day five of the Commonwealth Games. Later in the day, Princess Charlotte revealed her favourite sport at the Commonwealth Games was the gymnastics DON'T MISS:Russia threatens to unleash nukes on UK and US Biden formally welcomes Finland and Sweden into 'indispensable' NATOLiz Truss vows to ‘scrap’ investigation against Boris over partygate