Gary Neville has hit out at the Manchester United hierarchy for handing Erik ten Hag an 'unacceptable situation' heading into the new Premier League season. The Dutchman was handed an alarming reality check as Brighton ran out 2-1 winners against the Red Devils at Old Trafford on the opening day of the campaign, showcasing the sheer size of the task at hand for the newly-appointed boss. Brighton ran riot in the first half and could have been out of sight if they'd been more decisive in the final third. However, United battled back as Cristiano Ronaldo made an impact from the bench but still, they failed to salvage a point as United's season got off to the worst possible start. Yet United legend Neville believes the blame rests with the board, who have failed to make their mark in the transfer market after a dismal 2021/22 campaign. He believes Ten Hag simply should have had more signings available at hand for the opener against the Seagulls - something that soon became evident during the contest. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer Neville told Sky Sports: "I think it will have been a shock to him. Obviously, they had a promising pre-season but I think if anybody watched those players that he's been handed as his squad through the last year or so, will recognise that's a familiar performance. "The people above him should have known that, that was an unacceptable situation to hand Erik ten Hag at the start of the season. "It needed improving, obviously there are two or three weeks left of the transfer window but he needed three or four weeks to be able to work with them. "There's an element of every new coach who comes in thinks they can do better than the last coach but the reality is that he's seen what those players are today." READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer United are still hopeful of landing Frenkie de Jong but a striker is also among their growing list of priorities. A surprise £7.2million bid has been submitted for Austrian veteran Marko Arnautovic but the proposal has already been rejected by Bologna. Supporters are already beginning to question why United have turned to a 33-year-old forward in their desperate attempts to bring in some new recruits. Ten Hag, however, is believed to view Arnautovic as somebody who can influence matches from the substitutes bench. Neville refused to comment on United's interest in the former West Ham and Stoke frontman, instead comparing the left-field approach to the signings of Falcao, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani. United boss Ten Hag issued a snappy response when quizzed on the club's interest in the Austrian international, saying: "I don't go into names because I think in this pre-season 250 players are involved or linked with Manchester United, so that's it. We have two strikers, maybe a third one, with Marcus Rashford as well. "We considered him as a striker but he had a really good pre-season on the left side and today he had two really good chances coming in from the left side. "So I think it was the right decision to do it like this. But the typical No 9 wasn't available today."