Douglas Henshall has returned to BBC One as leading detective Jimmy Perez for series seven of the Scottish drama. However, it's the final series the 56-year-old actor is starring in. Ahead of his exit from the cop drama, his co-star Steven Robertson, who plays detective Sandy Wilson, has addressed Douglas' departure. Douglas announced earlier this summer he has decided to quit Shetland to "explore other acting opportunities". However, the Glaswegian actor said he would miss DI Perez and the long-running series. While Shetland fans can look forward to the programme's eighth series returning to screens in 2023, they will have to wait to find out which actor will replace Douglas in the lead role. Ahead of the seventh outing airing, Steven addressed Douglas' exit from the show. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood warns North-South divide as South struggles for water He told BBC: "I think you always have to respect any actor’s decision when they’re ready to move on. "As actors, we do what we do, you hope it’s well received by the audience and if you’ve done enough, you move on." He said the series is something everyone has worked very hard on and he stressed how Douglas must be proud of his characterisation of Perez. The actor continued: "Over the years, Perez has changed.   "The dynamic between him and Duncan has changed - they’re more like brothers now rather than two very different fathers bringing up Cassie together." Steven, 45, felt the story between the characters has come to a natural conclusion. "So I can see why Douglas has decided the time has come to move on," he exclaimed. "I think when an actor is aware of that moment and they can say, 'Well I’ve done enough with that,' then it’s time to leave."  DON'T MISS...Shetland series 7, episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast? [LATEST]Shetland's Tosh star on 'terrifying' scene with Douglas Henshall [INTERVIEW]Shetland's Douglas Henshall admits to missing wife and family  [UPDATE]  The ending of the sixth season left many viewers in tears after it dropped a huge cliffhanger. The final moments of the instalment saw Duncan Hunter (Mark Bonnar) arrested for the death of Donna Killick (Fiona Bell). After convincing Duncan to help her die, it was later revealed she had left a note blaming her death on Duncan. She wrote, in a letter, that Duncan’s friend Jimmy was involved in her death.  Moving forward to the excitement surrounding series seven, Steven explained: "There are some pretty remarkable reveals as well as twists and turns in this series. "What I would say is, again, the past always comes up in Shetland and this series is no exception to that rule, and this time it is a not-so-distant past that had affected the whole islands." The actor explained this season centres on a dramatic missing person case. He added: "There are lots of links to the missing person and what could have happened to him.  "As ever with Ann’s [Cleeves] books and all the previous TV series, there’s a past there which could explain the present." In this case, the family are not native Shetlanders, yet there appears to be a secret past they are keeping hidden away. "The missing boy is into myth and folklore, and this very gifted young man has gone missing, so the team delve into all that," Steven added. "The thing is, if Sandy and the rest of the team have any hope of getting to the truth of this story, they have to listen to the missing man’s friends and hear their voices." Shetland episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.  