Latest figures from Experian Capitalist show that the average petrol price has fallen to 174.79p per litre while diesel prices average at 185.4p per litre. This is the first time prices have fallen below 175p per litre since the Jubilee weekend at the beginning of June. The AA has said that prices should be heading towards the 160p a litre mark in the coming weeks. Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel price spokesperson, said the price drops were welcomed, but prices should be reduced faster. He said: “Lower pump prices are taking the strain off family budgets at present and that benefit should eventually double to at least 30p a litre off the peak price of petrol in July. “However, increases in domestic energy prices are likely to overwhelm those savings heading into the winter. “That is why the UK needs the fuel trade to pass on the savings as quickly as possible. “The 20p-a-litre fall in diesel wholesale costs should also be contributing to lower transport costs that will hopefully roll back some of the inflation on goods and services.” In a poll that ran from 2pm on Thursday, July 28 to 2pm on Tuesday, August 9, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Are you changing the way you drive to save on petrol costs?” Overall, 3,563 people cast their votes with the majority, 61 percent (2,166 people), answering “yes” they have changed their driving habits to save on petrol costs. A further 38 percent (1,354 people) said “no” they have not, while just one percent (43 people) said they did not know. A handful of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on fuel costs. Username SAFC joked: “Yes, I push it now.” While username Car Guru said: “No, I am enjoying driving burning petrol whilst I still can.” And username MissingEUAlready2 said: “It's amazing how many people still drive like maniacs when fuel costs are so high. I can only surmise their employers pay for it.” A survey conducted by the AA in July found that 77 percent of drivers had actively taken steps to reduce the cost of driving. DON'T MISS: The AA found that just over a quarter of motorists had used multiple tips such as combining journeys and reducing the frequency of shorter journeys. Mr Bosdet explained: “If large numbers of people have become comfortable with leaving their cars on the driveways and walking around to local shops, and doing short journeys like that, then that is a big and hopefully enduring silver lining from what's been going on with fuel prices. “Drivers are getting bombarded with this sort of advice, whether it's to help the environment by using less fuel, or whether it's a matter of financial survival. They've now had to put this into practice.”