NCIS fans were forced to say goodbye to Agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) in season 19 after almost two decades in the drama. While the CBS police procedural lives on, many are still curious to know more about Gibbs and his life before joining NCIS. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the inspiration behind Gibbs' name. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.  Agent Gibbs' dad Jackson Gibbs (Ralph Waite) named his son after a close friend and business partner that he truly respected. Leroy Jethro Moore (Billy Dee Williams) was part of the United States Marine Corps during the Second World War, and most notably took part in the Battle of Iwo Jima as one of the first black Marine infantrymen. Moore received the Navy Cross for his actions during the battle, having rescued several members of his platoon during heavy fire. After his time was up in the Navy, Moore returned to the United States where he met Jackson while working together in the coal mines for the Winslow Mining Company. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation  The pair grew so close during this job that they decided to open up a Stillwater General Store together in Pennsylvania. When Gibbs was born, Jackson felt there was no other name that would suit him best other than Leroy Jethro, due to his friendship over the years and his bravery in the Navy. Gibbs himself was also inspired by his namesake who influenced his decision to join the Marines. Unfortunately, it was a very sad ending for Jackson and Moore in terms of their friendship.   When Gibbs was 14 years old, his mum Ann (Clare Carey) was diagnosed with cancer. Eventually, the pain got too much for her and she took an overdose to spare herself from any more suffering. However, Jackson was furious when he discovered that Moore knew of her plans and didn't try to stop her. Jackson cut ties with his best friend and didn't speak to him for the next 40 years. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Roger Johnson  [EXPLAINER]NCIS: Mark Harmon finally speaks out on why he really quit as Gibbs [REVEALED]NCIS cast: Mark Harmon wasn't the first choice for NCIS' Leroy Gibbs [CAST]     In season 10's Namesake, Gibbs comes across Moore after many years and wants this ongoing feud with his dad to stop. So he encourages Moore and Jackson to meet and neither wants to make the first move. But when Gibbs tells them both that all three shared a love for his mum, the veterans agree. In the end, Jackson and Moore put aside their differences and finally rekindled their friendship.   Gibbs chose to leave his days at NCIS behind for a fresh start in the far more peaceful State of Alaska. While he is gone, the show must go on with the rest of the team continuing to work hard on new investigations while trying to maintain their personal lives. There has been no talk of Gibbs returning to the drama but seeing as he hasn't been killed off, it does seem possible he could make an appearance in the future. NCIS season 20 premieres on Monday, September 19, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced. 