Bedroom transformations don’t always have to be grand affairs. Instead, they can be slowly curated through minimal updates that don’t break the bank but leave your sleep space feeling all the more sophisticated. Interior pros have shared their bedroom ideas, advice and expertise for decorating these rooms on a budget. Whilst it is essential to set an interior design budget and adhere to it, it is also important to design a home you will love. These budget bedroom makeover ideas will help inspire you to achieve the space of your dreams. One interior expert suggested combining a headboard with a side table. Tom Rutt, director of TR Studio explained: “The bed is usually always the focal point to a bedroom, so a wonderful way of revamping a bedroom is to alter the headboard as this will change its look and feel entirely. READ MORE: ‘Biggest advice’ homeowners must follow when selling their house “A cost-effective way of doing this which is also space saving, is to create a built-in, bespoke headboard – with or without attached bedside side tables.” To best pull off this design, homeowners should ensure the look is stylistically similar in that it frames the bed space and can be easily updated with fresh colour combinations or upholstery choices. As consumers move away from minimalist interiors and the desire to create homes that are a true reflection of their personality and personal style, finding ways to update the home that doesn't break the bank is becoming more important. Emma Deterding, founder and creative director at Kelling Designs noted: “The bedroom is no different and upholstered headboards have had a massive revival with big, bold shapes in bright colours and patterned fabrics being the go-to choice. DON'T MISS: Laundry: Easy way to get rid of yellow stains from white clothes [TIPS]Dame Judi Dench home: James Bond star’s quiet life in small village [INSIGHT]'It's brilliant!' Mrs Hinch fans share best ways to clean leather sofa [COMMENT] “I think one of the main reasons for this is that a statement headboard really helps to create a focal point in the bedroom and acts as an anchor to centre the overall scheme around.” Another way to add your own decor twist to bedrooms without spending a fortune is to match upholstered beds to drapes. Patricia Gibbons, member of the design team at sofa.com said: “We all strive for cohesive interiors when planning our decor, and colour choices are core to creating the mood and theme for your home. “If you love a colour, a trend we have seen from customers consistently over the past few seasons is mirroring it throughout the space. “Whether it be a dusty rose bed on pink walls or green wallpaper to match an olive bed – matching colour-on-colour is a fun, considered way to stamp your personality and style into the space.” READ MORE: ‘Always’ follow ‘25% rule’ when harvesting lettuce for healthy growth To create a cozy feel in a bedroom add a frilly valance, it will act like a finishing touch to your drapes and if you've opted for a bold floral it will create a wonderful statement. They're also a good visual distraction for those with low ceilings – adding them is a top interior design trick. Emily Mould, Design Director at Romo and Black Edition said: “There are a range of practical and aesthetic considerations when choosing fabric for your windows. “Consider whether you want to make a statement with a strong colour, pattern or contrasting texture or whether you want a subtler look with a plain, textural neutral or muted shade.” As we all become braver with our interior styles, homes are very much seen as an extension of personalities and an opportunity to express oneself. Colour has such a powerful effect on our mood and wellbeing, meaning a carefully-considered bedroom colour scheme can enhance and improve the vibe of your space. Patricia explained: “You can always incorporate various pops of colour and pattern on accent pieces and through the use of accessories. “This will create impact by adding depth and character, tying everything in together harmoniously.”