Arsenal are said to have had concerns over the height of Lisandro Martinez before the Argentine joined Manchester United in a deal worth up to £57million. The Gunners were in contention to sign the Ajax defender - even tabling two rejected bids for his services - before his mega-money move to Old Trafford was completed. Yet it's been a rude awakening for the Argentina international in the Premier League after United lost their opening two matches of the season. They were torn to shreds by Brighton in the first half at Old Trafford before eventually pulling the game back to 2-1, despite failing to score an equaliser. Then Brentford ran riot in west London on Saturday, bullying United in another sobering reality check for Erik ten Hag with a 4-0 thrashing. Martinez was ruthlessly exposed against the Bees after being out-jumped by Ben Mee for Brentford's third goal of the afternoon. READ MORE: Man Utd target second 'bad boy' striker as PSG frontman added to Erik ten Hag shortlist His sloppy passes out from the back also placed United under intense pressure from the get-go. Now it's emerged that Arsenal were never really keen on playing Martinez centre-back - even if they had won the race for his signature. According to The Athletic, Arsenal were always intending to field Martinez at left-back instead of at the centre of defence. Their reasoning for that verdict was because 'they had concerns over whether a relatively small player could thrive in the middle of a Premier League defence.' READ MORETaylor's Transfers: Everton deal rests on video footage, Arsenal exit, three West Ham bidsMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Based on recent evidence, it would be fair to say their concerns were very much justified with Martinez struggling to adapt to the physical side of the Premier League. He failed to cope with Danny Welbeck in United's Premier League opener and should have given away a penalty when he steamrolled into the back of the former Red Devils forward. At Brentford, his height was seemingly an issue as Thomas Frank's side looked to capitalise on dead-ball situations and crosses from the wide areas. Arsenal eventually pushed ahead with a deal for Oleksandr Zincheko - a transfer they have not lived to regret thus far. The Ukrainian has kept Kieran Tierney out of the side on his way to helping Arsenal record two wins from two in the Premier League against Crystal Palace and Leicester. Meanwhile, Gary Neville has questioned whether Ten Hag should switch to a back-three in order to get the best from Martinez, who does not seem suited to a back-four... "Maybe on the left in a back three – that could potentially work," Neville told Sky Sports. "Maybe playing in midfield, because we know he can do that. I think he’s got tenacity and, to be fair, I wouldn’t judge him at all at this moment in time. "But to say he could play in a back four away at Brentford against [Ivan] Toney and [Bryan] Mbeumo – he physically can’t compete with them. "I couldn’t when I was playing as a centre-back when I was younger, and I thought I was a decent centre-back who knew my position and knew the game. But I couldn’t do it because Gary Pallister had to keep coming over to swap with me. "When I saw him [Martinez] swapping with Maguire in the first half at the long throws, it reminded me of Pally who used to swap with me. "If you’re having to swap positions at centre-back to compensate for the other one it’s just not great and that’s what continually happened. They did target him in that first half."