Andrew Bowie, Tory MP for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine, was left reeling by Niall Paterson after the Sky News host called into question the politician’s claims that the recently introduced energy profits levy was sufficiently holding big energy companies to the same taxation standard as the British public. The pair appeared unable to reconcile their differences as Mr Patersond demanded that he wanted “just someone in the Conservtaive Party to concede the market has failed” in relation to energy supplies. Mr Bowie stood firm, however, accusing Mr Paterson of peddling information that was “completely not true”.    Mr Bowie said: “This is the man [Rishi Sunak] who saved businesses going under with the bounceback loan scheme, another thing installed during the pandemic. “This is the man who introduced eat out to help out to ensure people in hospitality had jobs to go to.” Mr Paterson said: “This is also a man that ensured BP and Shell did not pay any tax on North Sea oil.” Mr Bowie said: “No, this is the man who introduced the energy profits levy just recently, increasing the tax on North Sea oil and gas production at the same time as incentivising further development of North Sea oil and gas because what we need to do is get to a place where we are energy secure and energy self-sufficient, so that in the long run we do not face the same problems in our energy supply as we are facing right now. “So, to claim that he did not introduce any tax on oil and gas is fanciful, frankly. They were already paying 45 percent tax on their profits ahead of the energy profits levy, which Rishi Sunak introduced.    “Rishi Sunak has introduced many forms of taxation on the oil and gas industry to ensure they pay their way, pay their fair share, towards the British people who are struggling at this time.” Mr Paterson interrupted, saying: “He was also, in part, responsible for the £700 million that BP and Shell received from the government. This is the situation we have at the moment: we have energy companies making record profits; we have them not paying any tax on North Sea oil extraction; we have people who cannot pay their energy bills. “I would just like someone in the Conservative Party to concede that the market has failed. This is a complete failure of the market.” Mr Bowie said: “It is completely not true to suggest the oil and gas sector is not paying tax. They are paying their fair share of tax. In fact, they are paying more tax than ever before thanks to what Rishi Sunak introduced as a part of the energy profits levy.” READ MORE: Households underestimate energy bill rises despite predictions [REVEAL]   The energy bill for an average household will increase by around £1,600 to over £3,600, according to the most recent forecasts, as the energy price cap looks set to continue rising exponentially over the next 9 months. But the latest polling has shown that a significantly small percent of the population is aware of these changes, with 12 percent of respondents believing bills will actually decrease in the winter. More than a quarter of households said they did not know what is likely to happen to the price cap on energy bills, according to the research commissioned by Uswitch. Only around one in 13 people (8 percent) thought that bills will go up by more than £1,500 - which is what experts predict. DON'T MISS: Homeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [REPORT] Utility service pledges £400 savings 'Beat the energy bill price cap’  [INSIGHT] 'Lights might go out!' Nigel Farage warns as UK energy supply falls [REVEAL]   Richard Neudegg, director of regulation at Uswitch, said: “With the summer holidays in full swing, it's not surprising that so many people haven't been on top of the news about changes in the price cap.” He called for the Government to act quickly to lend more support to households. Current plans were announced in May when the price cap was expected to reach around £2,800 in October. It is now thought to be £800 higher than that in October, and could reach as high as £5,000 in April. The Government announced £400 for every household in May, which will be paid in six instalments. It also promised support of up to £1,200 for more vulnerable people. Mr Neudegg added: “The promised £66-a-month over winter, while a good start, will barely touch the sides of the predicted increase. The energy bill support needs to be urgently reviewed.” READ NEXT: Homeowners can save £1,500 on energy bills with simple ‘upgrades’Drought could HALVE UK food production as nation faces 'triple crisis'Labour's price freeze plan ‘is just make-believe’, economists warnedEnergy bills: What happens if you can’t pay?‘Without electricity, my boy will die’ Mum facing horror scenario  