Villagers in Ballater, Aberdeenshire, have been woken up at the crack of dawn by bagpipers at the local Army barracks for more than 50 years. Now, after several “polite” noise complaints from residents, a senior officer from the Royal Regiment of Scotland has now put an end to the tradition. Troops in the Royal Regiment of Scotland will now play one hour later at 7am. Soldiers from the regiment’s Balaklava Company 5th Battalion, who guard the Queen at Balmoral during the summer, will also no longer play at weekends. Troops at the 170-year-old Victoria Barracks traditionally play pipe calls three times a day. They play once at 6am, again at 12.30pm for lunch and at 6pm for the last parade. In a message to the Ballater & Crathie Community Group on Facebook, Major Robert Weir, the battalion’s commanding officer, said it had become “apparent not everyone enjoys getting up at 6am to Johnny Cope”. While asking if people could stop swearing at the soldiers, Major Weir wrote: “I'll move morning pipe call to 0700hrs weekdays and there will be no pipe calls at weekends. “I hope this gesture demonstrates my desire to integrate with the local community at the expense of my own orders.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan & Harry Netflix nightmare - 'intense battle' Villagers have speculated the complaints would have likely come from holidaymakers or second homeowners. David Cobban said: “A bit of tradition that is special to Ballater. I would be happy to wake to the sound of the pipes every morning. “I appreciate the traditions that continue and appreciate all that you do to continue it.” Another resident, Alison Croft, shared: “Love the pipes and really disappointed that a tradition for more than my 54 years here has to change, it’s absolutely shocking that the Queen’s Royal Guard have to change for who? “I think you should carry on the way it’s always been.” DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Fury as 'stupid' US 'propaganda' claims EU exit 'fantasy' Meghan and Harry's biographer's new book to 'have the world talking' Taiwan readies fighter jets as Pelosi enters airspace It comes ahead of Balmoral closing its doors to the public on Tuesday, as the Queen, who is staying at Craigowan Lodge, moved into the castle on Monday. The Queen’s own piper, Pipe Major Paul Burns of the Royal Regiment of Scotland, is responsible for playing the bagpipes at 9am every morning. Whenever the Queen is in residence, the piper strikes up for 15 minutes outside Her Majesty’s apartments including those at Buckingham Palace, Windsor, the Palace of Holyroodhouse and Balmoral Castle. The Queen made major upgrades to Balmoral in the form of a £20,000 wheelchair lift. It is said to have been installed in Craigowan Lodge - a seven-bedroom stone house that is used regularly by friends and family of the Royal Family while visiting. Her Majesty also increased security around the lodge and planned to install a new security gate, a state-of-the-art intercom system, and a string of new CCTV cameras.