Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. The cleaning enthusiast shot to fame by sharing pieces of wisdom with others. Now, her fans are doing the same by creating Facebook pages in her honour. On one Facebook group, with over 10,000 members, one cleaning enthusiast wanted to know how to clean the stainless steel bins in her bathrooms. Tracey Williams wrote: “My husband insists on having stainless steel bins in bathrooms. “I hate them as they always get rusty bits on them. Does anyone know how to get this off or what’s best to clean them with please.” Fortunately, the post was inundated with comments in minutes and other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tips to offer. READ MORE: Prince William is 'besotted' by 'dominant' Princess Charlotte - expert Some Mrs Hinch fans offered tips involving natural methods, while others opted for tricks involving chemical products. Wendy McBride commented: “After you clean the bin put on some baby oil and buff it, protects it from the moisture. The baby oil lasts a while on the surface too so you don’t need to do every time.” Jane Gormley had more than one piece of advice to offer. She wrote: “I just wipe over mine with a damp cloth. I’ve had one for years and no rust on it at all.  “But if you do get rust spots then use ketchup and screwed up tin foil to get rid of rust spots.” Rhiannon Sarah agreed, saying: “Kitchen foil and tomato ketchup then scrub. It’s like magic!” Joanne Kelly also offered this tip. She wrote: “Tomato sauce and tin foil scrunched up. I always use this for mine and brings them up every time.” Penny Digby said: “I’ve had the same problem. “Tried Astonish hob cleaner thinking if it works on a ceramic hob. Worked a treat and brought them up like new!!” Tracey Roper wrote: “Bar keepers friend removes rust on bins quite easy.” Dee Miller commented: “Lemon juice is good for rust.” Lana Compton said: “Pink stuff paste removes rust.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Johanne Donnelly agreed. She said: “Pink stuff paste works really well.” Mary Antonelli wrote: “Brasso cleans it.” Lisa McFenton commented: “I’ve read foil scrumpled up and dip in coke and rub.” Kate Clifford added: “Bar keepers friend.”