Holiday season is here and many are hoping to get fit for summer. One woman took to Mumsnet to share her struggles and gain some advice about how to slim. An anonymous women took to the forum to share her struggle, saying she was at her "wits end". She said: "Please someone help me, I am four to five stone overweight, feel physically sick looking at myself in the mirror and my body. "Have tried several times to lose weight, Slimming World, cutting out snacks etc. but I just can't do it." She explains that she buys snacks for the house because others eat them, yet she cannot stop herself from bingeing on them. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie made changes to diet to lose 'body fat' She is also guilty of not drinking water, and enjoys fizzy drinks, as well as skipping breakfast and lunch. The women asked: "Does anyone have any tips? Best way to do it? Best way to start?" Fellow Mumsnet users flocked to the woman's aid with some helpful tips and tricks for weight loss. One user advised against snacking in between meals: "It's not 'suffering' to not have snacks in the house. "For some households it's completely normal. And there's absolutely no harm in it." Instead of snacking on junk food, the user suggested opting for fruit or something light like cheese and peanut butter on crackers. Another warned against restrictive eating: "You have to eat." However, she urged her fellow Mumsnet to stock up on "protein rich" foods, such as a plate of scrambled eggs and no toast. READ MORE: How Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, stays slim at 74 Another user honed in on her habit of missing breakfast and lunch: "I expect you starve then become rabid hungry and binge on snacks." She advised: "Never let yourself get hungry." She suggested doing this by eating three filling meals a day, heaped with protein and vegetables. This particular user swore by Slimming World for reaching her weight loss goals. Slimming World offers a "no-hunger plan", includes and various avenues for support on your journey. Another user suggested she tackle her unhealthy habits one at a time. One small change - that can make a huge difference - may be to replace all daytime drinks with water, treating herself to one can of fizz in the evenings. For an even more nutritious option, she could keep the fizz and hold the calories by enjoying a sparkling water with a squeeze of lemon or lime. Another small change which can make a big difference is to eat the same meals but smaller portions, and filling up the rest of the plate with fresh fruit and veg, according to one user. They said: "A big plate of pizza and chips can become a smaller portion of both with a large salad on the side."