Married At First Sight UK is back on E4 on Monday and the feisty reality series promises plenty of drama. A whole host of new singletons have signed up to try and find their perfect match and will marry them without ever having met. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new season, including what time it starts. Married At First Sight fans have been keen for more drama and the 2022 experiment is just around the corner. There is plenty to look forward to this time around, with a bigger and better season full of new challenges. The extra-long season will run for 30 episodes, and there are initially eight couples who start at the beginning of the process. Before their weddings, the brides and grooms will celebrate their stag and hen nights in style. They will then meet their partners for the first time at the altar, before jetting off on an action-packed honeymoon. READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Deeks star in shock outburst as scene goes wrong This year, the episodes will be airing a little later than usual, with a start time of 9pm. The first episode will air from 9pm until 10.35pm as viewers are introduced to the new cast. They will be pleased to hear the fun does not stop there, as the premiere will be followed by a 'One Year On' reunion episode. Here, they will catch up with the participants from the 2021 season to find out how the experiment impacted them. The reunion will air from 10.35pm until 11.20pm, straight after the 2022 debut. Viewers will find out how each of the previous couples have navigated life since the experiment ended. As for the 2022 season, there will be two same-sex couples this time around, one male and one female couple. A huge bombshell is dropped halfway through the season when two intruder couples enter the process. They will shake up the dynamic of the already-established group and their entrance will cause fireworks. Fans can expect plenty more dramatic dinner parties and commitment ceremonies as emotions fly. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [VIDEO] Married at First Sight’s Jessika Power dropped from new show [INSIGHT]Married at First Sight UK 2022: Who is in the cast of MAFS UK? [EXPLAINER] There is a brand new element called the MAFS Retreat, which will see all of the couples head on a staycation together. Relationships and friendships will be tested as the couples spend all of their time in the same place. A never-before-seen element has been added exclusively to the UK series, called Love and Hate week. During this time, the couples will be tasked with sharing their true feelings and learning to accept feedback. The singles for the 2022 season have already been revealed and they include: Adrian, 27, a digital designer from Manchester Duka, 31, a recruitment HR coordinator from Birmingham George, 40, a financial advisor from Worcester Jordan, 29, an account manager from Darlington Kwame, 42, a business consultant from London Pjay, 31, a dancer and performer from Birmingham Richie, 51, a sales advisor from Sheffield Thomas, 31, a mental health care assistant from Liverpool April, 32, a dress designer from London Chanita, 29, a social worker from Derby Jenna, 32, a zero waste shop owner from Blackpool Jess, 31, a dental hygenist from Cambridgeshire Kasia, 36, a businesswoman from London Lara, 49, a waitress from Nottingham Whitney, 31, a PA from St Albans Zoe, 30, a quantity surveyor from the West Midlands  Married At First Sight UK starts on E4 on Monday, August 29 at 9pm. The first episode will be followed by a reunion with the 2021 cast at 10.35pm.