With summer slowly coming to an end, motorists have been urged to make an extra effort to find a well-shaded parking spot. This is because leaving the car in glaring sunshine can considerably increase its fuel consumption. This is especially relevant when fuel prices remain much higher compared to last year. According to the RAC, drivers can expect to fork out 170.40p per litre of unleaded. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who will pay 182.70p per litre. Motorists should, therefore, try and avoid leaving their vehicles in direct sunlight. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known car cooling trick instead of air con Parking in the shade can have a fuel-saving effect, as car owners will not instantly have to turn the air conditioning on. According to Karl Dyson, editor and founder of hypermiler.co.uk, drivers can, therefore, save a considerable amount of money by parking in well-shaded places. Many motorists will be aware that using air con to cool the car down can waste a lot of fuel. Using air con in a very hot car could increase fuel consumption by up to 10 percent as the engine will have to work harder. DON'T MISSCancer patient slapped with ‘unfair’ £70 parking fine [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow ‘very important’ fuel-saving tip to save money [ADVICE] Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for driving in heavy rain [WARNING] Mr Dyson added that if driving anything under 40mph it’s more efficient to have the windows open. However, if the speed exceeds 40mph it is better to have the air con on. Mr Dyson previously said: “Fuel approaching £2 a litre makes having a car a luxury. “When people are faced with rising costs of electricity and gas, they need to reassess their relationship with how and when they use cars. READ MORE: Motorists could save £2,000 per year for driving an electric car "In the hypermiling community you do everything you can to not use the car in the first place. “The easiest way to save 100 percent of your fuel is to not use any fuel in the first place." Earlier this year, a survey of 2,000 motorists, carried out by OnePoll, found if the cost of fuel approached £2 most Brits would consider changing the way they drive. Nearly a quarter said that if both petrol and diesel hit that mark they would seriously consider a change. Four in 10 also said they would support a drop in the speed limit, from 70mph to 60mph, as a way to save fuel. However, Mr Dyson warned that drivers should be careful when practicing fuel-saving techniques. The expert said: “People shouldn’t put themselves at risk when hypermiling. “It should be done safely within the road conditions and should be a safer way of driving as you’re aware of road and traffic conditions and using them to your advantage. "The key is being sensible, for a lot of people hypermiling should just be common sense and a lot of people do it already without knowing – treating every drop of fuel like it’s your last is a great way of really focussing on keeping efficient."