Cristiano Ronaldo will not be sanctioned by Manchester United for leaving their pre-season clash with Rayo Vallecano early, according to reports. The wantaway forward made his first appearance of Erik ten Hag’s reign in the 1-1 draw with the Spanish side on Sunday but was seen leaving Old Trafford before the end of the game. Ronaldo was given his first 45 minutes of pre-season in the stalemate. The 37-year-old only rejoined his team-mates last week after a longer summer break in Portugal, for which he cited “family reasons”. Ten Hag withdrew the former Real Madrid star at half-time. His replacement, Amad Diallo went on to score United’s only goal of the game, tapping home in front of the Stretford End. But Ronaldo was pictured leaving the ground early following his substitution and did not remain to watch the rest of the game. It is unclear if this move was sanctioned by club staff or if Ronaldo made his way home of his own accord. JUST IN: Man Utd warned over Ronaldo exit as trio 'not the same' as Spurs stars Old Trafford chiefs have no issue with Ronaldo leaving early, though, and insist that other players also left the stadium ahead of schedule. That is according to the Daily Star, who point out that the move does little to prove that Ronaldo wants to stay at the club. Agent Jorge Mendes has been working to secure Ronaldo’s exit this summer. The player wants to continue playing in the Champions League. However, there do not appear to be many clubs willing to pay a fee plus Ronaldo’s £500,000 per-week salary. Premier League rivals Chelsea were loosely linked with a move but boss Thomas Tuchel was widely reported to be unconvinced by the sporting and economic justifications for a potential transfer. DON'T MISS...What Man Utd think about De Jong’s ‘public attachment' to BarcelonaMan Utd ‘decide on abandoning De Jong transfer’ with Tielemans updateRonaldo and Man Utd boss Ten Hag spotted having tense chat on camera A fairytale return to Sporting Lisbon, Ronaldo’s first club, has been suggested. The Portugal international would need to accept a huge wage cut to move back to the Primeira Liga side. United have insisted both publicly and privately that their best-paid player is not for sale. Ronaldo defied his age last season, scoring 24 goals across all competitions and dragging his team-mates through some tough spells. "We are planning for Cristiano Ronaldo for the season and that's it. I'm looking forward to working with him. Cristiano is not for sale. He is in our plans and we want success together,” Erik ten Hag said in mid-July following strong reports of Ronaldo’s wish to leave. "He's not with us [on tour] and it's due to personal issues. I spoke with him before this issue came up. I had a conversation with him and I had a good talk. That is between Cristiano and me. What I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together. I didn't speak to him after (the news)."