Amazon Alexa fans should not miss out on an amazing Echo Dot deal that's available right now. For a limited-time only Amazon is selling the 4th generation Alexa speaker - which boasts the redesigned spherical shape, lossless audio support and is made from 100 percent recycled fabric and aluminium - for just £9.99. This speaker usually costs £49.99, and to get the £40 saving you'll also have to sign up to Amazon Music Unlimited. Amazon's Spotify and Apple Music rival costs £9.99 a month if you're not an Amazon Prime subscriber or £8.99 if you are. You need to sign up to one month's worth of Music Unlimited access to get the Echo Dot 4th gen for £9.99. This means the deal works out as £19.99 if you're not a Prime subscriber or £18.99 if you are in total. Even factoring in the added cost of Music Unlimited, you'll be hard pressed to find a better deal than this. During the recent Prime Day sales the Echo Dot was available on its own at a promotional price of £19.99. If you want to take advantage of this amazing money saving deal there's a few important things you need to know. Firstly, this offer is only available for new Echo device and Amazon Music Unlimited customers. So if you've already got an Echo smart speaker or have signed up to Amazon Music Unlimited in the past then you won't be able to sign up for this deal. For those that are eligible for this offer you need to be aware that auto-renew on Music Unlimited will be applied. So if you don't want to continue using Amazon Music Unlimited after your first month is up make sure you cancel before your renewal date. Amazon Music Unlimited offers a library of over 90million songs - which are all available in lossless (aka CD quality) audio. This is ideal as the 4th generation Echo Dot smart speaker supports streaming lossless audio. Lossless audio is a big selling point of Amazon Music Unlimited, and is one advantage the Amazon service holds over Spotify. Spotify is planning on launching its own lossless audio service called Spotify Hi-Fi in 2022 but as of yet a release date hasn't been confirmed. Besides access to Amazon Music Unlimited, this money-saving offer Amazon is running right now will let you pick up its latest and greatest Echo Dot smart speaker. The 4th generation model boasts a new spherical shape which is not only eye-catching but helps provide improved sound quality over the previous, disc-shaped speaker. If you care about the environment then the 4th gen model is the one for you too as the Alexa gadget is made of 100 percent recycled aluminium and fabric as well as 50 percent recycled plastic. Anyone hoping to pick up this deal needs to act quick though as this £40 saving on an Echo Dot is only available until the end of August 15.