The smoke clouds have been seen rising from wooded areas in Kakhovka and Novaya Mayachka, near the occupied city of Kherson. Locals reportedly said that the forest is on fire, which started after rockets were launched.  It is believed that the strikes are by the Ukrainian armed forces. News of the fires comes as Ukraine continues to launch airborne attacks on Russian military targets in the occupied region. Western-supplied HIMARS missiles are believed to have successfully hit the Antonivsky Bridge - which links Kherson with the area to the south of the Dnipro River, including Crimea - again, after crippling the bridge and others nearby last month. According to Tim White, an expert on Ukraine, Russian troops are "panicking" after being told that the bridge was protected and the missiles destroyed. The bridge provides a key supply line from Russian military installations in the south to the front line between Kherson and Mykolaiv. The Russian armed forces earlier laid radar reflectors in an attempt to throw off missile attacks. According to Mr White, locals said "the forest is burning", but that it is not known if Russian troops were hiding there. UkraineWorld, a local outlet, suggested that the Ukrainian armed forces were responsible for the latest attacks in rural Kherson. It added: "The density of Ukraine's strikes in the area has been immense in the last twelve hours."  Kakhovka sits on the south bank of the Dnipro River, upstream from the port city of Kherson. Ukrainian officials said earlier today (Monday) that the nearby bridge had also been hit. Nataliya Humenyuk, a spokesperson for the Ukrainian armed forces, told a local outlet that they have "had hits, quite significant ones" on targets in the area. She added: "The work of our artillery is so exquisitely precise that it is more aimed at demoralising the enemy troops." Novaya Mayachka sits further to the south, away from the river.   In recent weeks, high-precision aerial attacks have hit ammunitions depots, killing and injuring Russian soldiers. As well as utilising US-made HIMARS missiles, Ukrainian servicemen are also being trained in UK-made long-range missile systems, which are expected to allow precision hits at a range of up to 50 miles. Last week, the UK Ministry of Defence said Ukrainian artillery and missile units were continuing to target Russian military "strongholds, personnel clusters, logistical support bases and ammunition depots". It added these precision attacks would "highly likely impact Russian military logistical resupply and put pressure on Russian military combat support elements".  Ms Humenyuk said the aim of the attacks was to disrupt the enemy's plans, and that new supplies and recruits being brought through by Russia were having to "patch holes" instead of mounting a replenished attacking force. As well as "demoralising" occupying Russian forces through targeted missile attacks, the Ukrainian armed forces also praised the strong resistance movement within the occupied regions. It comes amid reports that the Russian-installed mayor of Kherson, Volodymyr Saldo, was poisoned by his chef the day after they began working for him.   Mr Saldo has reportedly been taken to the toxicological department of the Moscow Sklifasovsky Institute in a medical coma and remains in intensive care in "serious" condition. Russian state-affiliated media reported that half an hour after eating, the Russian puppet had "experienced clouding of consciousness" before his "fingers went numb". State broadcaster RT previously reported that Mr Saldo was in a coma on life support, but on Friday Russian officials denied such claims. 