The tour came up again during Meghan's much publicised podcast interview with tennis star Serena Williams which was, as expected, mostly about Meghan. It included a story about how there was a fire in Archie's nursery during the South Africa visit. The baby was not in the room, nobody was injured and the fire was quickly extinguished. Yet Meghan was expected to carry on with her engagements - a terrible imposition as far as she was concerned. "Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken, and what did we have to do? Go out on another engagement. I was like... this doesn't make any sense... the focus ends up being how it looks not how it feels." Well, yes. It is called doing your job, even when you would rather not. Welcome to the real world, Meghan. There is no point in going on about how terribly boring the podcast is because everyone knew it would be. The probing line of questioning to Williams includes such gems as: "Is there anything you want say to all the people that love you?" ...Heave. Apart from anything else, someone should have edited out the gushing, girly chuckling. It is like being on a train and having to endure the full volume laughingand-shrieking conversation which makes you want get up and poke both parties in the eye. More importantly, I do not buy Meghan's insistence that ambition in women is frowned upon, that ambitious women are seen as bossy or aggressive.  She says it did not hit home "until I started dating my now husband and, um, apparently ambition is a terrible, terrible thing - for a woman that is, according to some". So another stick to beat stuffy old Britain and her in-laws with. Give it a rest girl. It is rubbish anyway. I was born in the 1950s and brought up in comfortable but unexceptional middle-class circumstances. The importance of getting a good education and becoming financially independent with a rewarding career was a given even back then. It was not even worth discussing. Of course it would have been nice to marry a millionaire Prince, but that is not available to most of us. So from the perspective of having done work which I have enjoyed enormously for many years, all this whingeing about how awful it is to be a woman strikes me as terribly old hat - especially coming from someone who is only 41. Of course sexism still exists and always will do, casual remarks, odious "banter" and the nastiness of online harassment which, admittedly, is a new evil. But there are no serious barriers now to a woman with drive and ambition, apart from a damaging, self-pitying tendency - the Duchess of Sussex's default mode - to see victimhood at every turn.  Everyone always asks Martin Clunes if the sitcom Men Behaving Badly will ever be brought back. In an interview in Saga magazine he replied: "Not these days. I mean we talked about things like Kylie Minogue's buttocks and compared them to a racehorse's. How could we do that now?" How indeed? More is the pity. Comedy is really under threat these days. I have often found myself watching some old thing on TV and thinking: "They couldn't do that now." Try watching Airplane! from 1980 starring Leslie Nielsen (which I do whenever I need a pick-me-up, though I dread the day when it is banned by the thought police) and see how many of the zillions of jokes and one-liners would survive today.  Beat the heat the Kevin McCloud way! The presenter of TV's Grand Designs says that instead of investing in expensive air conditioning (how many people in Britain do that anyway?) we should all mop our floors like they do in Italian hilltop villages. "They're not doing it to keep clean," he explains. "The water evaporates; and to do so it draws energy from its immediate environment. So, sun heats water, water evaporates off, stone becomes cool. Air passing over stone into house becomes cool." Lovely. All you need is someone to do the mopping. 