Amazon is full of endless cheap and useful items, and so it is no surprise that many shoppers rush to buy a product without checking the small print first. Because of this, some customers are not noticing the small print under the description of some products that shows the post and packaging price. Recently, many shoppers are having to pay tens of pounds more for products that retail for only 50p, due to postage fees. One shopper was shocked when they found a bar of Cadbury chocolate that had been reduced from £3.49 to just 41p. This seemed like a trick – and it was. Shopper Heather Teece would then have had to pay a whopping £31.99 for postage. It had gone from being free to an extortionate price. READ MORE: House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ The customer told the Facebook group Extreme Couponing and Bargains how her excitement at discovering the product had quickly turned into disappointment.] Postage for one Cadubury bar was free, but when Heather added another bar to her basket in order to meet the minimum order requirement, the postage price changed. She now wants to warn others about Amazon’s misleading products. Amazon itself is not responsible for the prices its third sellers charge, but it does have systems in place to try and prevent situations like Heather’s from happening.  Writing on the Extreme Couponing and Bargains group, Heather said: “Got really excited when I saw the price of the big bars of Dairy Milk on Amazon..... It was minimum two buy.... Look what shipping jumped to.” The post was inundated with comments and other shoppers shared their experiences too. Jennie Halligan wrote: “I got caught out by this too but with some fabric softener. “It said Prime delivery but afterwards it was £50 delivery. I’ve sent it back for a refund and complained but it cost me £13 to send it back.” Rebecca Henry commented: “There’s been loads of 41p items this week with 31.99 postage.” Laura Overton said: “I had this with some deodorant. 41p instead of £4 but you needed to buy two.. then when you went to check out postage jumped to £29.99.” Becky Smith wrote: “They did this with the body spray I was looking for..On my account its was showing 41p a tin (spend so much more to get free delivery). “Tried it on Prime, was available on Prime and stated free delivery until my dad went to check out and they asked for 35.99 postage. Luckily he noticed before purchasing so obviously we never bothered.” Lily-Rose Jenkins added: “What the actual f***. How can they get away with that?? Imagine if you didn't notice the shipping cost.” Catherine O’Leary said: “They’ve been doing this with so many items recently! I spoke to customer service and they just said it’s a third party seller so nothing they can do. Definitely naughty!” Express.co.uk has contacted Amazon for comment.