Columnist Daniela Elser highlighted two claims which suggest the Duke of Sussex will not hold back in his tell-all book, which is due out later this year. Ms Elser pointed to Tom Bower's new biography which said that "nothing and no one had been sacrosanct" for Harry to "earn out the publisher’s advance". The columnist also pointed to royal commentator Richard Kay's claim that "there is considerable anxiety in Buckingham Palace circles that Harry will use the memoir to settle perceived scores with family members and senior courtiers". Writing for news.com.au, Ms Elser said: "If you take Bower and Kay’s claims together, then it is looking increasingly like the seemingly perma-disgruntled Prince will be pulling no punches on the page when it comes to his family and the monarchy. "And what that means is that, even if he only writes in the most glowing and affectionate terms about his grandmother herself, his memoir could be an abject betrayal of Her Majesty. "Should Harry spend a chunk of his book taking aim at particular family members and various pinstriped staffers who run the royal dog-and-pony show, that would still constitute a strike against the woman who is the head of both the House of Windsor and the institution of the monarchy." Ms Elser warned that if Harry "does go down this route" then it is "hard to see how he could ever go back in any sense". She said: "If Harry does go down this route, then it would be a watershed moment, the sort of line to which there is a very clear ‘before’ and a dramatically different ‘after’. "In this scenario, it is hard to see how he could ever go back in any sense." The Queen's grandson, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties, last year announced he was penning his memoir. He promised the book would be an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. Harry said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I'm deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I've learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first hand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful." The royals are likely to be bracing for fresh revelations after the Sussexes made a series of claims about the monarchy in their explosive Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. The Duke laid bare his rifts with his father Prince Charles and older brother Prince William. It comes as Harry and Meghan are living in Montecito with their two children Archie and Lilibet. The couple quit as working royals in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. They returned to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend in June but kept a low profile and were absent from many of the celebrations. 