The economy contracted by 0.1 percent according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS). It compares to the first three months of the year, when economic activity grew according to Gross Domestic Product (GDP) figures. Andrew Neil, chairman of the Spectator, gave a damning verdict when it comes to the economy, via Twitter this morning. He said: “UK economy shrank by 0.1 percent in Q2. Essentially flat-lining.” Alice Haine, Personal Finance Analyst at BestInvest, suggested a GDP contraction was “always on the cards”. She pointed towards a “battered” economy, substantially shaken by the cost of living crisis, and wider challenges caused by the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. READ MORE: Woman with incurable cancer urges early state pension access Ms Haine continued: “While a decline of 0.6 percent in June was lower than expected, it was exacerbated by May’s surprise expansion of 0.4 percent on the back of the celebrations around the extra Jubilee bank holiday. “Despite May’s positive GDP figure, the economy still contracted marginally by 0.1 percent across the second quarter.” Ms Haine also suggested the contracting economy is likely to be a significant challenge for the next Prime Minister - whoever that may be when the results are announced in September. There are differing attitudes between the candidates at how best to tackle the ongoing issue, with Ms Truss offering immediate fiscal relief, while Mr Sunak pledges support to combat spiralling energy prices. However, the expert added: “Until the winner is in place and the plans are in motion, the Central Bank cannot factor those changes into its forecast. “The big question is to what extent the new prime minister will help households handle the extortionate energy bills coming their way. “Yes, a £400 support payment will be issued to all in October but that won’t stretch very far.” Jonathan Moyes, Head of Investment Research at Wealth Club, warned all eyes would now be on the Bank of England. READ MORE: Inflation in Europe and the world: Data shows major impending crisis The central bank recently stated the UK would fall into recession this year, as it took steps to raise its base rate once again. Mr Moyes explained: “The current inflationary spike is being driven overwhelmingly by global food and energy prices which, by and large, are outside of the Bank’s control. “Higher interest rates in the UK will do little to alleviate those pressures. "By looking to stave off any knock-on inflationary pressures, such as higher wages, the Bank risks strangling the life out of the economy without significantly easing the cost-of-living crisis.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Whilst the Bank expected a slight contraction in GDP, the mounting weakness in the UK economy may give it pause for thought before continuing to lift rates higher.” The ONS commented on the 0.1 percent contraction between April and June, suggesting the main contributing factor was from “human health and social work activities”. This points towards the NHS’ test and trace programme, alongside mass vaccination being wound down as restrictions were lifted further in the UK. Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi added: “I know that times are tough and people will be concerned about rising prices and slowing growth, and that's why I'm determined to work with the Bank of England to get inflation under control and grow the economy."