Matt Baker, 44, is known for his work on Countryfile, having presented the show since 2009, and he is now commentating on the gymnastics panel at the Commonwealth Games. The presenter has built a close relationship with his fans, so close that when he and his family had to say farewell to others on their Dale farm, viewers were reduced to tears. Matt's Channel 4 show called Our Farm in Dales was a massive hit with fans last year. At the time, Matt's wife Nicola shared a sweet photo of her son Luke cuddling an adorable puppy from their Cairn Terrier dog's litter. Alongside the heartwarming snap, she announced the final episode of Our Farm in the Dales. She penned in view of her 21,000 followers: “It’s the last Our Farm in the Dales tonight at 9pm on More4! READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta’s wife stuns in rare loved-up appearance "We’ll be saying a fond farewell to the puppies as they head to their forever homes. "If you haven’t seen the first few you can catch up on demand on All4. "Hope you all enjoy the last one! #puppies #farmlife #family #lastone." Fans rushed to the comments section of Nicola’s post to share their sadness over the series ending. Wadeyzoe said: "I do hope you do another one it was brilliant x." Paul.Spanners added: "Absolutely loved the series, I really hope you will be able to do a second series. "It has been one of my favorite things to watch and Matt is just brilliant in it!" Paddingtonsdufflecoat commented: "What a beautifully heartwarming series. Such a wonderful family. Thoroughly enjoyed watching it." However, fans won't be too disappointed after the former One Show host recently teased some exciting news. Following the success of the first series last year, Matt said on social media in the summer of 2021 that the show had been recommissioned for another two series and a Christmas special DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [OPINION] American Pie star Jennifer Coolidge 'slept with 200 people' [INSIGHT] Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini as she gives fans an eyeful [PICS] Matt is now currently commentating on gymnastics at this year's Commonwealth Games. Having commentated at previous prestigious sporting events as well as being a young gymnast himself, he was perfect for the role. Matt was planning to have a successful gymnastic career, however, a sudden health condition forced to him give up that dream. He told BBC Get Inspired: "When I was 14 I started to feel really tired and I had a few tests. It turns out that I was anaemic. "You can't say alright then I'll have a few days off, because you just can't do it. "And it was a really tough decision because I never once felt that I didn't want to go to gym." The presenter previously shared clippings from a scrapbook, proving to his fans about his gymnastics past. The caption read: "For all those asking... Here's some clippings from my Old scrapbook! "As a lad gymnastics was my life...it taught me the simple recipe: if you work hard you get a result. Without my sport, I would never be where I am today ... #gymnastics #workhard."