The seven-year-old royal accompanied her parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, to the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham. She delighted fans with her own funny faces during the 2022 Commonwealth games with many recalling the joyous moments of Prince Louis at the time of Platinum Jubilee ceremony.  Prince Louis captured the hearts of the nation during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations with his brilliant facial expressions throughout the proceedings. While watching a swimming event at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre Charlotte was seen sticking out her tongue, which has become almost like her signature pose. The young Princess revealed gymnastics was the sport she liked most and joined a nutritional workshop helping her parents place pictures of foods like nuts, bread and grapes into the right groups, whether protein, carbohydrates, antioxidants or healthy fats. Charlotte looked to be very interested in the swimming competition and made several adorable faces while it was underway.  The young royal sat in between her parents and cheered alongside the crowd for England’s Luke Turley during the 1,500m freestyle. Tim Lawler, chief executive of SportsAid which Kate is the patron, said that Charlotte “really, really loved seeing the swimming.” Royal fans were quick enough to appreciate the royal’s expressions as she enjoyed the match. A twitter user @canadiana tweeted: “A little girl with a big personality.”  READ MORE: Kate and Prince William urged to 'give up favourite perk' The royals were cheering and applauding alongside the crowd for England 1,500m freestyle hopeful Luke Turley. After rolling her eyes following a comment from her father, Charlotte then cracked a smile as Luke's heat came to a close. Another user @nina tweeted: “Cheeky charlotte is backk. she's such a mood!” A third user @sabirah tweeted: “Today is Charlotte‘s day! Definitely an emoji group of children.”  DON'T MISS:Scholz accuses Putin of slashing gas flows Concerned Canada urges China to ‘de-escalate’ tensions with US Brexit LIVE: EU 'throws Ireland under bus' in £67m fishing stitch up Another twitter user @missakua said: “In the absence of meme king Louis, Charlotte is taking over.” A fifth user @kaylaadams tweeted: "Princess Charlotte is giving her brother Louis a run for his money with these expressions today." 