The commentator questioned the credibility of the future King after it emerged he was a guest editor at Britain's only black national newspaper, the Voice. Dr Shola said Prince Charles would have only been a “credible” option if he “led by example on race related issues” and “supported Meghan Markle”.  The self-confessed fan of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex pointed out the appointment had not attracted criticism like Meghan “got for editing Vogue”. Dr Shola posted to her 156,200 followers on Twitter: “Prince Charles editing the only national Black British Newspaper, The Voice, smacks of performative White allyship. “If he’d led by example on race related issues/supported Meghan Markle he would be credible. “No severe backlash/criticism like #MeghanMarkke got for editing Vogue?” Prince Charles edited an edition of British African-Caribbean newspaper, featuring interviews with Baroness Doreen Lawrence and Idris Elba, to mark its 40th anniversary. Charles said he was "so touched" to be asked to edit the special edition of the newspaper, which he said has "become an institution" over the years.  READ MORE: Dr Shola erupts in furious attack on 'unhinged' Piers Morgan The Voice, founded in 1982, is the only national black British newspaper operating in the UK. Clarence House said Charles's edit celebrates some of the achievements of the black community over the last four decades and records his long-standing collaboration with black leaders. It is said to touch on themes including community cohesion, education, climate, the Commonwealth, faith and the arts.  DON'T MISS Piers Morgan blasts 'defamatory' claim of racism towards Meghan Markle [OPINION]'No evidence it's true! Dr Shola slapped down in fierce Sky News row [VIDEO]Dr Shola RAGES at Royal Family as Andrew keeping security [INSIGHT] Speaking about the publication, Charles said: "Over the last four decades, with all the enormous changes that they have witnessed, Britain's only surviving black newspaper has become an institution and a crucial part of the fabric of our society. "This is why I was so touched to be invited to edit this special edition." Dr Shola has long made her negative feelings towards the Royal Family clear.  Just recently, she launched a furious tirade against the Queen, who she branded a "coloniser". She said it was “historical fact” that the 96-year-old monarch was a “coloniser” which was “another former of slavery” Dr Shola also erupted in fury when the Queen was compared to Nelson Mandela. Alan Titchmarsh paid tribute to the monarch during her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, saying: "She has enormous quiet charisma, like Nelson Mandela did."  Criticising the TV gardener’s comments, Dr Shola called the tribute “an outright insult” to the late South African anti-apartheid leader. She wrote on Twitter: “Comparing the Queen to Nelson Mandela is not only obtuse but an outright insult. “Mandela sacrificed his life & liberty for his people - oppressed by the White Supremacy British Monarchy upholds. “The Queen could not walk in Mandela’s shadow."