WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul season six. AMC’s hit crime series Better Call Saul is fast approaching its finale, which will tie into the beginning of Netflix’s Breaking Bad. The latest episode left viewers in tears after two of the franchise’s iconic characters made a surprise appearance.  Better Call Saul is the spin-off prequel series of Breaking Bad which first landed on screens in 2015. The show was a huge hit with fans as it introduced a number of new characters and provided a backstory for others. Fans have been waiting years to see Walter White (played by Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) make an appearance in Saul's (Bob Odenkirk) office. And, after much anticipation, the pair popped up in episode 11 of the final series. READ MORE: This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves  The instalment opened with a kidnapped Saul in the back of Jesse and Walter’s meth lab RV begging for his life. He could be heard pleading: “It wasn’t me! It was Ignacio! He’s the one!” Later in the episode, viewers gained an insight into what happened just moments before Saul was heard begging for his life. Saul was certain he would be left for dead in the desert but was left stunned when he stepped into the RV.   As Walt stepped into the shoes of his alias Heisenberg and gave instructions on cooking meth, Saul pressed him for more details about making the famous blue drug. Walt refused to engage in conversation but Jesse was keen to know about Saul's connections, asking: "So, who's Lalo?" Saul brushed him off and asked Walt to try the engine. Fans will recall this scene also took place in a Breaking Bad episode called Better Call Saul. DON'T MISS...'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold [INSIGHT] Gus Fring death: How did Gus Fring die? [INSIGHT]What happens to Mike Ehrmantraut in Better Call Saul? [INSIGHT]   In that instance, Saul asked Walt and Jesse if Lalo had sent them to kill him, which later inspired Jesse’s question. Better Call Saul viewers were completely overcome with emotion by Walt and Jesse's return. Taking to Twitter @GoodTimeCC posted a photo of Walter and Jesse, which they captioned: “I AM IN TEARS!!!” A second fan @SickSadGem added: “Literally in tears seeing Walter mf White on my screen.” A reminiscent @yaser_ahamed_ tweeted: “After 7 years... OMG Nostalgic memories.”   @AllFlySZN wrote: “OMG ITS THEM!!!” “I enjoyed every bit of [Better Call Saul] Walt & Jesse fell right back into place,” stated @DJarvelle. While a sixth fan @BravoPlagiarism tweeted with excitement: “AHHHHH!!!!! WALT AND JESSSSIIIEEEE IVE MISSED YALLS FACES!!!!!!” (sic) Better Call Saul continues Monday on AMC in the US and Tuesday on Netflix in the UK 