Prince William and Kate Middleton have made the dramatic decision to move their family to a new home in Windsor, bringing them closer to the Queen. The Cambridge children will all be enrolling at the prestigious private school Lambrook in the new term, and they are likely preparing to unpack and settle in at their new home of Adelaide Cottage.  Adelaide Cottage is a Grade-II listed Crown Estate property hidden away in Windsor's Home Park that boasts four bedrooms. According to Historic England, the cottage is a "picturesque" two-storey stucco-faced dwelling with casement windows and elaborate pierced bargeboards edging the roof. The home has housed many tenants over the centuries, but in the 1940s it was famously the home of equerry to King George VI, Peter Townsend. Peter lived at the property with his then-wife Rosemary and their two sons, and as it was only a short drive away from Windsor Castle, Adelaide Cottage was frequently paid a visit by then Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret.  READ MORE: Charlotte's 'best type of uncle and auntie' but it's not the Sussexes Many years later Margaret and Peter would start a romance, and they were thought to have gotten engaged in late 1952 or early 1953. The pair were thought to have grown closer in the wake of King George VI's death, with both Margaret and Peter known to have been very close to the monarch. Swathes of society were against the love match as Peter had secured a divorce in 1952 and, at the time, divorce went against church teachings. As Margaret's sister was head of the Church of England, Peter's divorcee status prompted a lot of debate over whether a royal wedding should go ahead.   There were discussions over Margaret and Peter marrying in a civil wedding instead, and even talk of the Princess losing her place in the line of succession. While many supported the love match, the pair decided to abandon their marriage plans in 1955. Peter Townsend subsequently married Marie-Luce Jamagne in 1959, a 20-year-old woman he met while working in Belgium as air attache in the British embassy. Margaret would marry Antony Armstrong-Jones the following year at Westminster Abbey, but they divorced in 1978.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Sussex Squad fumes at Kate and William [LIVE]Arrival of George, Charlotte and Louis at new school sparks frenzy [ANALYSIS]Kate and Prince William blasted over Windsor 'Disgraceful' [INSIGHT] The grace and favour property Peter once lived in was reportedly most recently home to Simon Rhodes, the son of the Queen's cousin and friend Margaret Rhodes. But now preparations are underway to welcome the Cambridges to Windsor, and the family's staff and beloved nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo will live off-site. Nearby to Kate and William's new home is Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's UK residence, Frogmore Cottage. The family will also be a 10-minute drive away from Windsor Castle, where the Queen spends the majority of her time nowadays. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine, said of the Cambridges' move: "Relocating to Adelaide Cottage in the ultra-private Home Park at Windsor takes away the 'goldfish-bowl' aspect of the Cambridge family's life. "Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace is perfect in so many ways but the Duke and Duchess and their children are unable to come and go as they might like or take advantage of the nearby London parks because of the ever-present privacy issues. "Logistically, having all three children in the same school makes perfect sense because it means just one school run. With the family in Berkshire the journey will be considerably shorter and easier than the nightmare that was Kensington Palace to Battersea twice a day. "It also means that the cost of security, always a contentious topic, is much lower than if Louis was at a different school to his siblings." 