Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, doctor Sian Peer gave some insight into loneliness in older people, and explained how and why the struggle is so prevalent. As the medic explained more about the real-life facts around the important Coronation Street plot, she described how being in poor health can knock people's confidence and the risk of another incident increases. It could be possible that iconic ITV soap character Audrey's (played by Sue Nicholls) mental health continues to deteriorate because her physical health is declining, and she feels she is lacking family support. Fans of the ITV soap will know that Audrey has been feeling lost and depressed for a long time. The past year has seen the normally-lively character row with her family about losing her independence following her period of poor health. She recently attempted suicide which she kept from everyone, but viewers were pleased when she finally told her friends last week. Out of the blue, Audrey confessed: "I tried to kill myself three weeks ago." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit Roy Cropper, (David Neilson), Ken Barlow (William Roache), and Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox) were stunned by Audrey's revelation. The emotional scene showed them trying to make sense of Audrey's situation as she finally talked about how she had been feeling. Explaining how loneliness can impact people who aren't necessarily alone, Dr Peer stated: "Life changes dramatically as we get older. "More divorces happen within the forty-something age group than any others. "As we move into our 50s, our children leave home and we may also experience the death of one or both of our parents in our 50s or 60s. "In our 60s and 70s, some people will lose their partner as well as friends and, having probably retired within this time frame and left behind the workplace community, our social network becomes dramatically smaller. "All these changes can take their toll on our mental wellbeing in addition to the dramatic reduction in our social connection." The expert continued: "Our families have their own busy lives to focus on which means an older relative is seen as lower down the priority list. DON'T MISS... The Suspect bosses on portraying female murder following Everard case [EXCLUSIVE]Oti Mabuse admits she was speechless over Masked Dancer unveiling [LATEST]Fastest Finger First viewers blast 'pointless' new Millionaire spinoff [REACTION] "Conversations can take place around them when they are present but they might find it hard to contribute if they are not ‘au fait’ with the topics being discussed or find it difficult to hear. "They might further isolate themselves by staying at home due to fears based around their failing health - if someone has had a fall, for example, it can really knock their confidence and they might choose to stay at home rather than risk another incident." Doctor Peer continued: "It can begin to feel like they have no one there for them who they can talk to about their day, their worries or who they feel comfortable asking for help. "It is easy to take someone at their word when they say they are fine, but older people hate to feel like a burden for all sorts of reasons, so never take this at face value and always try to ask the same question in a different way."  Audrey recently did have a fall which left her frightened, especially because nobody realised for a long time she was lying injured on the floor. Although she has opened up to her friends, Audrey hasn't yet told her family about her ordeal. With her health still concerning her and her family not realising her struggle, it's possible Audrey will slip back into a dark place unless she opens up to her daughter and grandchildren about what happened. Will Audrey continue to suffer in silence or will she finally reveal to her family how she has been feeling? Coronation Street continues on Wednesday at 8pm on ITV. For support about issues raised in this article, contact Age UK at https://www.ageuk.org.uk/. 