Sir Tom Jones, 82, began his career in the 1960s with a string of top ten hits, with his career appearing to go from strength to strength since. However, the Voice UK judge revealed in a new interview the "low points" of his career which left him "nearly a year" without being able to secure a hit single. In early 1965 Tom reached UK No.1 and the top ten in the United States for his single It's Not Unusual. Then due to his manager, Gordon Mills, he was able to secure a number of film theme tunes including for the James Bond flick Thunderball and for What's New Pussycat? However, not all of Tom's songs in this period were a hit and some "didn't make it", leaving Tom to call this a "low point" in his career. When asked in an interview if he'd experienced any difficult times, the hit singer replied: "After Thunderball, I had nearly a year without a hit until Christmas 1966 when I recorded Green, Green Grass of Home. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life "It got to number one and stayed there until 1967. So I had number ones in 1965, 1966 and 1967, but there was a period in the middle when a couple of singles didn’t make it", he revealed to The Radio Times. The interviewer then asked the Sex Bomb hit-maker if he had a Plan B for his chosen career if music did not work out. "No," he replied. "If you even think about a Plan B, you’re already defeated. You must have supreme confidence in what you do. "Van Morrison called his album Born to Sing: No Plan B, because he never had one either." Tom is currently promoting the new series of The Voice UK along with Olly Murs, Will.i.am, and Anne-Marie. In a clip shown on This Morning, Tom performed a song on the show about Melinda, his late wife, who died in 2016 after a "short but fierce" battle with cancer. The judge became very emotional while singing, and This Morning presenter Rochelle Humes was also moved by the performance. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [OPINION] Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICS] 'Listen scumbag!' Lord Sugar rages at 'lazy gits' working from home [TWITTER] She said: "Oh my goodness, I was not prepared for that, goodness me." The host then looked down at her notes as she started to get overcome with emotion. Her voice started to break as she said: "Beautiful, absolutely stunning." Touching more on the moving clip, her co-host Vernon Kay asked if the emotion in his voice was from experience or if he had always sounded that way. The singing legend replied: “I sound the same, it’s just when I was younger your voice was higher. “It’s a natural thing, when you get older your voice gets deeper." The new series of The Voice is set to premiere on September 3 on ITV at 8pm. You can read the full interview in this week's Radio Times