Posted on Nichelle's social media pages, the statement read: “I regret to inform you that a great light in the firmament no longer shines for us as it has for so many years... [She] succumbed to natural causes." Having been most well known her portrayal of Nyota Uhura in Star Trek: The Original Series, it is reported that the star had been in Los Angeles filming another Star Trek movie called Renegades: Ominara, which only days before the announcement of her death, she said would be her “final performance”. Johnson’s statement regarding his mother continued to say: “Her light, however, like the ancient galaxies now being seen for the first time, will remain for us and future generations to enjoy, learn from and draw inspiration.” Often referred to as a “trailblazer”, the star shot to fame as Lt Nyota Uhura, helping to create a new era for television in the 1960s, after starting out as a dancer and nightclub singer. Throughout her life she helped to break down racial barriers within the television business and even shared the first lip-to-lip interracial kiss on television with co-star William Shatner, who played Captain Kirk. Having raked up a huge fanbase, when the star suffered from a stroke in her LA home back in 2015, naturally many were concerned.  READ MORE: Paul Newman: Risk factors of the 'horrible' disease that killed actor Barely three months after the loss of Leonard Nimoy, the beloved actor who portrayed Spock in the franchise for almost 50 years, Nichols suffered from what was reported at the time as a mild stroke. "Last night while at her home in L.A., Nichelle Nichols suffered from a mild stroke," said the statement by Zach McGinnis of Galactic Productions. "She is currently undergoing testing to determine how severe the stroke was. Please keep her in your thoughts." The star was “rushed to hospital” following the event and a few days later there was an update about her condition, which revealed that the star’s right side was “showing minor signs” of mobility loss.  DON'T MISSEyesight: The drink that 'significantly' increases risk of cataracts [REPORT]Dementia: The simple smell test that could detect Alzheimer’s disease [EXPLAINER]Hair loss: Scientists find potential treatment for baldness [INSIGHT] "CAT scan came back negative, and we are awaiting the results from the MRI," the update read. "Currently she is awake, eating, in good spirits and able to have full conversations. Her right side has shown minor signs or mobility loss, but she is not showing any signs of paralysis."Coming off seemingly lightly following the stroke, the NHS describes the condition as a “serious life-threatening medical condition”. In fact, there are more than 100,000 strokes in the UK each year causing 38,000 deaths. The condition, which is classed as a medical emergency, occurs when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off, starving it of oxygen and essential nutrients provided by blood that enables it to function properly.  There are two main causes of stroke, and a related condition known as transient ischaemic attack (TIA), where the blood supply to the brain is temporarily interrupted. This causes what's known as a mini stroke. The two main causes are known as either ischaemic or haemorrhagic. The first, ischaemic is where the blood supply is stopped because of a blood clot, accounting for 85 percent of all cases. The second, is where a weakened blood vessel supplying the brain bursts. Although there is no sure way to predict when a stroke will strike, the NHS notes that there are certain conditions which will increase an individual's risk. These include: Due to the serious nature of a stroke and the potential brain injury, disability and possibly death it can cause, it is important that individuals are aware of the signs and symptoms of a stroke in order to get someone help as quickly as possible.  Luckily, the main symptoms of stroke can be remembered with the word FAST: If you suspect you or someone you know is having a stroke it is advised that you phone 999 immediately and ask for an ambulance. From there they can be taken for medical treatment. Treatment depends on the type of stroke an individual has had, including which part of the brain was affected and what caused it. Usually they are treated with medication. This includes medicines to prevent and dissolve blood clots, reduce blood pressure and reduce cholesterol levels. In some cases, procedures may be required to remove blood clots. Surgery may also be required to treat brain swelling and reduce the risk of further bleeding if this was the cause of your stroke. It is important to note that if an individual has a condition that increases your risk of a stroke, it's important to manage it effectively. For example, taking medicine you have been prescribed to lower high blood pressure or cholesterol levels. Eating a healthy diet and taking regular exercise are also two sure ways to help prevent a stroke from occurring. 