Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are set visiting the UK next month to "visit charities close to their hearts". Upon news of their UK return, speculations have begun as to whether the couple will visit Prince William, Kate Middleton and the rest of the Royal Family. Speaking on a latest video from US Weekly, host Christina Garibaldi discussed whether a reunion between the brothers is possible during the Duke and Duchess of Sussex' visit to the UK. Speaking of the couple's visit, Ms Garibaldi said: "No word on if Prince Harry will be seeing his Royal Family during his visit. A source told US Weekly that Prince Harry and Prince William's relationship was irreparable. "They added [that] they'll never recover from the damage that has been done." She said: "Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are headed back to the UK. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William tipped for Windsor home 'swap' with Fergie and Prince Andrew "The couple will be in the United Kingdom and Germany in September, with reps saying in a statement that they will be visit charities close to their hearts." She added: "During the visit, the pair will attend the One Young World 2022 Manchester Summit in the UK on September 5th. "According to One Young World, Meghan will be giving the keynote address at their opening ceremony and the pair will be meeting with a group of summit delegates doing outstanding work on gender equality. "Meghan has continued to work with, and support, a number of One Young World ambassadors, particularly those working for equal rights for women and girls." READ MORE: 'Clock is ticking' Meghan and Harry sent Netflix warning as patience 'severely tested' She added: "Meghan and Harry will also stop in Germany to attend the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023, one year to go event on September 6. "They will then travel back to the UK for the Wellchild Awards on September 8, which Prince Harry is a patron of." Their visit will be the first time they have been back to the UK since the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. DON'T MISS Since their royal exit in 2020, the couple have settled in the US. They live in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. READ NEXT: