Letizia Ortiz was a TV journalist in Spain when her engagement to the then-Prince of Asturias was announced in 2003, and many were surprised as the romance was not public knowledge. Letizia and Prince Felipe posed for pictures at Pardo Palace in Madrid to mark their upcoming nuptials, and the Queen-to-be showed off her diamond ring to the world. Queen Letizia's engagement ring is noticeably without one major stone, unlike other royal engagement rings. Instead, several baguette diamonds of uniform size are embedded in a simple band. Eddie LeVian, CEO of celebrity jeweller Le Vian, whose ancestors guarded the royal jewels of Persia, said: "Queen Letizia's engagement ring consists of a white gold ring set with 16 baguette-cut diamonds. "The Queen is rarely seen with it, preferring to wear other jewels in her collection." READ MORE: Princess Margaret wore Kate Middleton's famous jewel before she did  Mr LeVian highlighted how different Letizia's ring is from many in the British royal collection. "The design is unusual in the sense it does not include one central gemstone, unlike for example Princess Diana's or Queen Elizabeth II's engagement ring," he said. Mr LeVian added that Letizia's engagement ring was more of a "classic eternity ring" in style. In comparison, Queen Elizabeth II's engagement ring also features diamonds, but a central rock takes centre stage.  And the late Princess Diana's engagement ring, which now belongs to the Duchess of Cambridge, features a huge 12-carat sapphire surrounded by diamonds set on white gold. Felipe and Letizia married in a high-profile royal wedding at the Almudena Cathedral at the Royal Palace of Madrid. More than 1,000 guests were in attendance, with Prince Charles attending on behalf of the British monarchy. Letizia wore the same tiara her mother-in-law Queen Sofia had worn for her wedding on top of her veil.  DON'T MISS: Queen Letizia's look divides fans - 'she's too old for this!' [INSIGHT]Spanish Princesses Leonor and Sofia step out in 'fabulous' Zara dress [PICTURES]Queen Letizia is met with 'frosty' body language from Queen Sofia [ANALYSIS] She wore a custom-made gown by Manuel Pertegaz with long sleeves and an open collar. The bride's 4.5-metre long train stunned the guests, and she wore a pair of shoes by Pura López. The Prince and Princess of Asturias would fulfil their roles for several years before Felipe took the throne in 2014. The King and Queen have two children, Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia. 