Wildlife SOS host Simon Cowell has been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. The news was shared by the presenter’s Wildlife Aid Foundation, as he vowed to "stay positive" despite the troubling announcement. Simon received the aggressive and terminal lung cancer diagnosis at the end of June. The foundation wrote: "At the end of June, after a routine clinical scan, Simon Cowell, our founder, and much-loved face of the TV series ‘Wildlife SOS’, received some devastating news. “He has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer that is terminal." Simon, who has been rescuing animals for over 40 years, spoke to SurreyLive last month about his determination to stay alive as he was undergoing chemotherapy. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning He said: “I spent the first week in panic mode, not knowing what to do. “Then I thought, you can either bend to it or knuckle down and get on with things. “They have given me no idea of the timescale. It could be weeks; it could be years. “Until we have gone through the chemo we don’t know what’s going on. But I shall remain positive.” Simon decided against a life living in the city 40 years ago, at which point he founded the Wildlife Aid Foundation. It has since become one of the UK’s busiest wildlife rescue charities, and sees its primary goal as educating all age groups on environmental issues. Paying tribute to the star, his Foundation said: "He has devoted his life to saving wild animals that couldn’t help themselves. “Hundreds of thousands have been given a second chance thanks to his compassion and dedication. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne clutches Ozzy’s hand after Commonwealth Games [HEALTH] Zoe Ball breaks down in tears on air over Olivia Newton-John's death [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp 're-signs seven-figure deal' with Dior Sauvage [HOLLYWOOD] “Tragically, for him there will be no second chances." The Foundation has since set up a Just Giving page for people to donate to in order to build a Wildlife Aid Foundation HQ. Simon explained he hoped the centre would continue to help wildlife and also teach children about the importance of looking after nature. His page has already raised £224,598.25 of its £4million goal, as his fans rush to show their support. The initial tweet, which was published by @wildlifeaid, received plenty of public attention from social media users in support of Simon, not least of which from the RSPCA. They wrote: “This is such devastating news, and our thoughts are with you all at this difficult time. “Simon has achieved an astounding amount for our wild friends over the years, and his dedication to them is unfaltering, as his final wish shows. We really hope it comes true.” Meanwhile, actor Stephen Fry praised Simon's "extraordinary legacy" as he urged his followers to donate to the JustGiving page.