The Duke of Sussex spoke about his hopes for the upcoming 25th anniversary of his mother's tragic death at a polo match in the US, which was to raise money for his charity. The fundraising event, which was in Aspen, Colorado, was in support of Harry's Sentebale charity, which works with children in Africa. He founded the charity in memory of the Princess of Wales, who was also known for her philanthropy. During his speech at the event, Harry described how he wished his two children, Archie, three and Lilibet, one, could have met her. He also expressed how "every day" he hopes to "do her proud".  Next Wednesday will mark 25 years since Diana tragically died in a car accident in Paris. Her boyfriend, Dodi Fayed, and her driver, Henri Paul, were also killed in the accident. Harry said he would spend the anniversary remembering his mother's legacy and that he hoped to “share the spirit of my mum with my family, with my children, who I wish could have met her”. The 37-year-old Prince founded Sentebale in 2006, alongside Prince Seeiso of Lesotho, with the aim of helping children in Africa affected by poverty, inequality, HIV and more recently, Covid-19. READ MORE: Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden stuns in lavender dress today During the speech, he said: "My dear friend Prince Seeiso and I founded Sentebale 16 years ago in honour of our mothers, with a mission to support many of the most vulnerable young people on the planet – and to give them care and help them thrive. “In Sesotho, the language of the Basotho - the word Sentebale means 'forget me not'. “Next week is the 25th anniversary of my mother’s death, and she most certainly will never be forgotten. “I want it to be a day filled with memories of her incredible work and love for the way she did it. “I want it to be a day to share the spirit of my mum with my family, with my children, who I wish could have met her".  He added: “Every day, I hope to do her proud." Diana, who died at just 36, also worked tirelessly "to support and destigmatise those experiencing HIV/AIDS", Harry added. In a further tribute to his mum, he said: "Fittingly, her favourite flowers were 'forget-me-nots'. “I hope we can remember my mother’s legacy by recommitting to those we serve, whoever and wherever that may be. “For Sentebale, our commitment is to ending HIV and providing meaningful care and support for the children and young people whose lives have been affected by this disease. “Because they too will never be forgotten.” 