Arsenal could face a transfer problem as Brentford are reportedly ready to smash their transfer record to sign Ukraine international Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk. The Gunners are attempting to wrap-up their summer transfer business in style after storming to the top of the Premier League table but may now have to turn their attentions elsewhere. Arsenal have enjoyed a productive summer off the pitch after thrashing out deals to sign Manchester City duo Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko, as well as Fabio Vieira, Marquinhos and Matt Turner. But the north London giants are trying to bolster their squad further before Thursday’s transfer deadline – and they’re interested in Mudryk. But, according to The Athletic, Brentford are willing to pay a fee in the region of £25.7million to land the winger. And that would eclipse their previous highest transfer fee of £16m plus £4m in potential add-ons for Hull forward Keane Lewis-Potter earlier this summer. The west Londoners are long-term admirers of Mudryk and attempted to sign him last season when they had a number of offers rejected. Talks between the Bees and Shakhtar Donetsk are now ongoing, but the move will be difficult to complete. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel   Mudryk came through the Shakhtar academy and has gone on to bag two goals and 10 assists in 28 games for the Ukrainian club. The 21-year-old made his international debut as a substitute when Ukraine defeated Scotland in the semi-final of the World Cup play-off in June and came off the bench once again as his country missed out on a place at the finals when they were beaten by Wales four days later. He has since been handed three consecutive starts for his national side. Earlier this week, Mudryk set tongues wagging when he liked a post from a transfer account on Instagram that claimed the Gunners were pushing hard to sign him. But he could be set to miss out on a move to the Emirates Stadium. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes    Arsenal have started the new campaign in emphatic fashion and held a two-point lead at the top of the Premier League table by the end of the weekend after securing early-season victories against Crystal Palace, Leicester, Bournemouth and Fulham. Brentford, meanwhile, have enjoyed a decent start to the campaign and had risen to ninth by Tuesday evening following a 1-1 draw at Crystal Palace. The Bees have already thrashed Manchester United 4-0 and have also been involved in stalemates with Leicester and Everton as well as a defeat to Fulham. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  