Bedbugs can ruin a holiday and leave tourists with itchy, uncomfortable bites. But how can tourists avoid the creatures? Martin Seeley, CEO and mattress expert at MattressNextDay shared his top tips to avoid bringing back bedbugs from a holiday. Martin said when tourists get back from holiday, they should: “Wash every single item of clothing, even those you did not wear. “Once you arrive home, wash all your clothes, including those that you did not wear. “If the washing labels of your clothes permit it, wash them in hot water.” READ MORE: Flight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane He added: “Once home, unpack your clothes away from your bedroom. “When you arrive home from holiday, unpack your bag in a location other than the bedroom. “Ideally on a hard floor you won’t be able to spot bed bugs in the carpet. Next, inspect your suitcase closely and use a flashlight to revise the seams, folds and pockets of your suitcase. “You should then vacuum your suitcase before placing it back in storage.” A flashlight should expose any bedbugs that might have hitched a free ride back to the UK in a suitcase. Martin said: “If you want to wash your clothes on holiday and there are only shared laundry facilities, take extra caution. “When you transport your items to be washed, keep them in a plastic bag. “Once they are washed, remove them from the dryer and place them straight back in the bag. “Fold them back at your hotel room where it’s safer to do so.” READ MORE: Britain’s most popular attraction named While most hotels will be careful to keep rooms free of bedbugs, there are a few telltale signs tourists should watch out for. Rust-coloured dots on the mattress are often a sign that bedbugs have been crushed in the sheets. When the bugs are squashed they release a lot of blood and these are often around the mattress seams, where they tend to hide. A musty odour and dark spots on the wall can also be a sign that a hotel room is infested with bedbugs. Tourists should report any signs of bedbugs to their hotel and make sure to wash all their clothes.