Up to 10,400 transport workers across the network are expected to strike on August 19. Tube workers employed by Transport for London (TfL) are due to strike as part of a six-month dispute over pensions and jobs while Overground workers employed by Arriva Rail London will strike over pay.  Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union will walk out in between strikes on August 18 and 20 affecting Network Rail and 14 train operators in a long-running row over pay, jobs and conditions. The RMT gave TfL until today to give assurances that there would be no job losses, no detrimental changes to pensions and no changes or imposition of working conditions. RMT members on Arriva Rail London have rejected a five percent pay offer. The union's general secretary Mick Lynch said: "This strike action by our members on [London Underground] and the Overground is yet another demonstration of how transport workers refuse to accept a raw deal."    "TfL have had ample opportunity to be transparent about the funding they will receive and to give tube workers the assurances they need. "Yet they have totally failed to give those guarantees. "And Arriva Rail London, a company swimming in money, refuses to give our members a pay rise that will deal with the escalating cost of living crisis. "There will be significant disruption on August 19 but TfL and Arriva Rail London bear responsibility for this break down in industrial relations."   READ MORE ABOUT A TEENAGER STABBED IN A LEAFY SOMERSET TOWN  Managing Director of Arriva Rail London Paul Hutchings said: "We are hugely disappointed in the RMT union’s decision to stage industrial action on the London Overground on 19 August. "We know our people are experiencing cost-of-living pressures and have worked hard to provide a pay offer that recognises this, while ensuring Arriva Rail London has a financially sustainable future and our employees have job security for the long term. "We remain committed to engaging with the RMT in the hope of resolving this dispute and urge the union to work with us as we continue to attract customers back to the railway." Arriva Rail London, which operates the London Overground on behalf of TfL, maintains over the last three years its employees received pay increases in excess of the February RPI rates. Employees also received pay awards throughout the pandemic years 2020 and 2021 in line with pre-existing agreements. The company's offer is for whichever is the greater between an uplift of four percent on all pensionable pay and allowances or a £1,100 minimum uplift in pensionable pay, and a one percent, non-pensionable allowance to help ease issues with short term inflation of fuel, electricity and gas bills to be paid periodically for a 12 month period. As part of the offer, the firm has also agreed to negotiate a time bound employment protection agreement which it says would guarantee no compulsory redundancies. TfL has been approached for comment. News of the strike action comes just days after a bitter row erupted over the ongoing rail dispute with the leader of the drivers' union branding the Transport Secretary Grant Shapps a liar. Mr Shapps issued a warning on Twitter to passengers using Avanti West Coast services to expect disruption on Sunday because of unofficial strikes, but Aslef hit back, saying there was no action and accusing the minister of lying. The Transport Secretary tweeted: "UNOFFICIAL STRIKES: Passengers using Avanti West services should expect disruption today. Archaic rules from 1919 mean working on rest days is voluntary. Unions now stopping drivers volunteering - causing misery for public & staff who won't get paid. We MUST modernise rail."  DON'T MISS: ‘Ask the peiple’ Remainers in new demand for second Brexit referendum [REVEALED] Mum caught on camera glassing teacher from her child's school [REPORT] Furious Nobel Laureate lets rip at ‘emotional catastrophe’ of Brexit [LATEST]  Aslef General Secretary Mick Whelan said: "Grant Shapps is a liar. He is not only wrong, he knows he is wrong. "His propensity to lie is just one reason why he could not get enough backers to get in the ballot to become Tory party leader. That and the fact that he is not very good at his job. "The truth is that the company does not employ enough drivers to deliver the services it promises passengers it will run. The company, and the minister, should stop lying and start recruiting." Aslef members at Avanti will strike on August 13 as part of the long-running dispute over pay and conditions, but the union has said no action is being held before then.  Avanti West Coast said unofficial action by drivers meant it faced multiple, short-notice cancellations on its network from Monday. The firm said in a statement cancellations are likely to continue until the current industrial dispute is settled. It added: "Customers are urged to check their journey on our website before coming to the station, and should be prepared for services to be disrupted at short notice and be very busy. "We are sorry for the enormous frustration and inconvenience this will cause our customers and condemn the drivers' actions. We urge them to engage in meaningful talks around modernising working practices and developing a railway fit for the 21st century." 