Tales of the Walking Dead will be unlike any of its predecessors as an anthology series, telling a new story in every instalment that's released. The AMC zombie drama will kick off on Sunday, August 14, with its premiere episode entitled Evie/Joe. Express.co.uk spoke to one of the episode's stars about how their character will be bringing something new to the table. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Tales of the Walking Dead. Tales of the Walking Dead's debut episode will revolve around Joe (played by Terry Crews), a prepper who has been living in isolation for more than a year. He decides to leave the comfort of his bunker in order to try and find another prepper who he previously bonded with online. It is during his journey that he comes across Evie (Olivia Munn) who is also in search of someone so they embark on this adventure together.Actress Kersti Bryan plays Sandra, the woman that Joe felt it was necessary to find and leave his comfort zone behind. READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit Express.co.uk exclusively spoke to actress Bryan about what fans can expect from her character and from the sounds of it, Sandra is going to be one of a kind. "The character that I'm playing, I don't know if they were just being kind, but I think it is true, they've never written a character quite like the character I play," Bryan said. "What happens is you audition, you get a false script and so I booked this job and I thought she might be a doctor, maybe, I literally had no idea. "So I arrived and when I opened the script I was like 'oh...no - that's not what's happening!' "And it's this amazingly wild situation and the design team had to engage the costume and make-up who were like 'we're so excited, this isn't something we've not done before in this world'. So it's going to be really cool." Prior to joining the cast of Tales of the Walking Dead, actress Bryan had roles in shows like Elementary, Small Miracles, Ray Donovan, FBI: Most Wanted and New Amsterdam. She will also appear in the film Rachel Hendrix which is expected to be released in 2023. Joining her in episode one is actor Crews as Joe, who is a very familiar face for those who love sitcoms. For four years, the comedy actor portrayed Julius Rock in the UPN/The CW show Everybody Hates Chris. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [REACTION]The Walking Dead boss confirms murderous Rick Grimes twist in spin-off [UPDATE]Maggie and Negan The Walking Dead spin off: All we know  [EXPLAINER] More recently, Crews was behind Terry Jeffords in the Fox and NBC comedy Brooklyn Nine-Nine. He also has plenty of experience as a presenter, hosting Who Wants to be a Millionaire in 2014 and Netflix's Ultimate Beastmaster. His biggest job as a host though is on America's Got Talent which he has been working on since 2019. The third and final member of the cast of Evie/Joe is actress Olivia Munn. Since 2006, Munn has been in shows like Beyond the Break, Greek, Perfect Couples, The Newsroom, Six, The Rook and Marvel's Hit-Monkey. She is also currently working on a war film called Aleppo which is in pre-production. This spin-off will be a lot shorter than its original drama with just six episodes in total. Tales of the Walking Dead premieres on Sunday, August 14, on AMC in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.