Manchester United have reportedly been turned down by Bayern Munich winger Leroy Sane. The former Manchester City star was linked with a move to Old Trafford on Saturday. However, it doesn’t appear like he’ll be moving to the Premier League this summer with the Bundesliga giants ready to keep hold of their prized asset. Manchester United want to sign a new forward before the summer transfer window shuts on September 1. Having lost Edinson Cavani, and with Mason Greenwood still unavailable, the Red Devils just have the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford, Anthony Elanga and Anthony Martial as experienced options. On Sunday, it emerged that Sane wasn’t interested in a move to United with the Germany international preferring to stay at Bayern. And the Bundesliga champions, for their part, don’t want to let the 26-year-old go. So Express Sport will now take a look at the four alternatives the United board can pursue instead. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Marko Arnautovic is a name familiar with Erik ten Hag, with the duo knowing each other from their time at Utrecht together. And United had a bid for the Bologna star turned down over the weekend. Though he’s spent the last few years in China, he did net a respectable 14 goals from 33 Serie A appearances last term. Ten Hag was coy on the former Stoke and West Ham star when quizzed about a potential deal in the aftermath of Sunday’s defeat to Brighton. But United are expected to return with a second offer and they’ll be hoping that’s accepted. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Benjamin Sesko is Red Bull Salzburg’s latest teenage talent. Having nurtured Erling Haaland prior to the Norway international’s move to Borussia Dortmund in January 2020, Sesko is now seen as the heir to the throne. The 19-year-old is wanted and admired by United, with John Murtough recently sitting down with his agent for talks. There are, though, murmurings he’d rather stay at Salzburg for another year. That would suit his current club, who would then likely bank an even higher fee for Sesko in 12 months’ time. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Antony is a player Ten Hag admires, having coaxed the best from the Brazil international during his spell at Ajax. However, the Eredivisie giants don’t want to sell. Ajax have already seen the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Ryan Gravenberch and Sebastien Haller leave for United, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund respectively. Therefore, they’re understandably hesitant about losing yet another key player. United would have to break the bank for Antony however, given their need for more reinforcements, it’s still a deal that can’t be ruled out. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team At the end of last month, it was suggested United were interested in re-signing Memphis Depay. But if they weren’t considering a deal before, perhaps now is the time to strike. Depay has evolved since his spell at United earlier in his career, when he failed to impress the likes of Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho with his actions on and off the pitch. And with Barcelona open to cutting him loose, that gives the Red Devils a chance to strike. Whether Depay would return to his old employers, however, is a different matter entirely… Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here