Manchester United will be looking to return to winning ways when they lock horns with Brentford on Saturday night. Erik ten Hag’s spell in the dugout started poorly with a 2-1 defeat to Brighton last time out. So Express Sport will now take a look at four players who need dropping after that fixture. Diogo Dalot was on target in the defeat to Brighton, with the United star scoring a consolation in the second half. But, overall, it was a poor performance from the Portugal international. Dalot is now United’s first-choice right-back, something Jose Mourinho foresaw when he signed the 23-year-old back in the summer transfer window of 2018. But so bad was his display against Graham Potter’s side it would be wise to reinstate Aaron Wan-Bissaka instead. Though the former Crystal Palace star doesn’t ff the same offensive threat as Dalot, his prowess at the back and disciplined defending makes him worthy of selection. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Luke Shaw, on his day, is one of the best left-backs in the world. That was evident during the 2020/2021 season, with the England international becoming a regular for club and country over the course of that campaign. But Shaw, in the time since, has alarmingly regressed. He’s just not anywhere consistent enough for United and is a far cry from the likes of Denis Irwin and Patrice Evra, who turned it on week after week during their spell at the club. With Tyrell Malacia on board, it would make sense to start the Netherlands international against Brentford instead - especially given how he impressed during pre-season. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already This is a big year for Scott McTominay. With United allowing the likes of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba to leave on free transfers earlier in the summer, it’s time for the Scotland international to step up. But though McTominay has his uses, he just isn’t good enough to start every week. He’s a squad player at best but with the Red Devils so short on options in the middle of the park, he almost starts by default these days. McTominay should be benched for United today because, if they lose a second game in a row so early on, the doom and gloom mood engulfing the club will only increase. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Like McTominay, Fred is a good asset for United. But, also like his team-mate, the Brazil international endured a horror show for the Red Devils as they slipped to defeat against Brighton last time out. We’re aware that leaving both Fred and McTominay out of the team doesn’t provide United with much in reserve. Yet it’s a decision that’s only logical, with that partnership failing to pay off. Fred is better than McTominay but it’s evident neither player is up to standards over at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking before the showdown with Brentford, Ten Hag revealed United took part in a behind-closed-doors friendly match. “I don’t like them being behind closed doors but it was behind and we needed all the players to get the minutes in the legs,” he stated. “Of course it’s best to get that in the league, but we have a squad and we need the squad. “We need double positions and of course they can also show their capabilities to me and to the team, and get to the right fitness levels and work hard. That’s the most important thing.” And he also revealed Cristiano Ronaldo was fit to start, adding: “So, he had a good training week, I thought he played a little bit longer than half an hour [against Brighton], I would say he now has two half a games. “The starting XI, we will see tomorrow. I, of course, have made my decision but I [will] keep it.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Fred Like McTominay, Fred is a good asset for United. But, also like his team-mate, the Brazil international endured a horror show for the Red Devils as they slipped to defeat against Brighton last time out. We’re aware that leaving both Fred and McTominay out of the team doesn’t provide United with much in reserve. Yet it’s a decision that’s only logical, with that partnership failing to pay off. Fred is better than McTominay but it’s evident neither player is up to standards over at Old Trafford. 