Manchester United’s deal for Frenkie de Jong is under more threat than ever before. Chelsea want to sign the midfielder as well and are reportedly even willing to match the Red Devils’ offer of an initial £63million to bring the player in. So, with that being the case, it could be time for Donny van de Beek to enter the operation… Manchester United first opened talks for De Jong back in May, shortly after it was confirmed Erik ten Hag would be Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent replacement. And though the Red Devils have agreed a fee with Barcelona for the 25-year-old, a deal is hanging in the balance. United are still relaxed about the De Jong situation with Ten Hag, Richard Arnold and John Murtough all willing to be patient as they look to get a deal over the line. But Chelsea pose a genuine threat, especially given how they can offer the Netherlands international both a chance to play in the Champions League and to live in London. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The Blues have spent big this summer on Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling - who have touched down from Brighton, Napoli and Manchester City respectively. But they’re not done yet. Far from it. With N’Golo Kante entering the twilight years of his career, Chelsea are now on the lookout for a long-term replacement for the France international. And with Barcelona open to selling De Jong, regardless of what they say in public, they’re willing to match United’s offer for the player. With that being the case, it’s feasible the Red Devils will soon have to find ways of ensuring they have the upper hand for the 25-year-old. And Van de Beek could be key. Sure, United have insisted the Netherlands international is part of their plans for the future - especially in the wake of Ten Hag’s appointment. But he’s done nothing throughout his time in English football to justify being given that opportunity. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Even in pre-season, minutes have been hard to come by - with Ten Hag preferring to go with the likes of Scott McTominay and Fred. And that looks even more damning when you consider how the Red Devils have lost the likes of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata throughout the summer. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was the man who signed Van de Beek from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2020. But there’s still no route for him in the team in his favoured No 10 position. United already have Bruno Fernandes as their main man in that area, having seen the Portugal international impress during his two-and-a-half years in English football. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And they’ve also reinforced their options with the arrival of Christian Eriksen on a free transfer. So why would Barcelona take Van de Beek? Well, they want a playmaker to supply the ammunition for the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Memphis Depay to fire. And Van de Beek was on their radar prior to his move to Old Trafford two years ago. Interest has always been there from Barcelona, especially given how the former Ajax star would fit into their system. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team So including him in a swap deal, on top of the £63m, could be the way to go. Admittedly, it would leave United short. They still need an entire midfield overhaul, rather than just De Jong. But such is their determination to land the Netherlands international that it could be a sacrifice worth making. Barcelona’s preference would be to snap up Bernardo Silva, but Manchester City are likely to demand huge money to let the Portugal international go. Step forward Van de Beek who, after 24 months at United, is yet to live up to the billing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here