Ms Mordaunt, who was eliminated in the final round of parliamentary voting of the Tory leadership contest, threw her support behind Foreign Secretary Liz Truss to become the next Prime Minister. The Portsmouth North MP was questioned over Ms Truss' pledge to deliver a "bonfire of EU regulations", insisting the prospective PM is committed to removing any remaining European Union rule to help Brexit Britain achieve its full potential. Asked if the pledge would mean a complete removal of all EU-inspired regulation, including long-established diktats ensuring labour protections, Ms Mordaunt told LBC: "If you look at her track record, when she's been, for example, in trade, she's been doing from-scratch trade agreements, she's done a huge amount to protect those particular things. "What she said is that we need to look at what works for us, and what we want to retain. "And the things that don't, and are being a barrier to investment, for example, some of the regulations that prevent pension funds making particular investments, we should hurry up and do something about." Ms Mordaunt continued: "She has a very methodical plan, and I think she'll be ready Day 1 to push these things forward. JUST IN: ‘Unforgivable’: Drivers warned of buying fuel from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Sainsbury’s What she said is the things that don't work for us need to go. What she has committed to is doing the work. "We haven't been idle despite the pandemic, there has been work going on on retained law, on making reforms but what she recognises is we need to work faster." Ms Truss vowed to scratch all remaining EU regulations from the UK statute by the end of 2023. In a statement released in July, the Foreign Secretary said: "EU regulations hinder our businesses and this has to change. READ MORE: Troubling Portugal dispute sparks chaos as 35,000 Britons left in bleak limbo "In Downing Street, I will seize the chance to diverge from outdated EU law and frameworks and capitalise on the opportunities we have ahead of us." She reiterated throughout her campaign her focus on "taking advantage of our post-Brexit freedom" by "unleashing investment, changing things like the procurement rules and doing things differently". Ms Truss is also believed to be considering accelerating by six months her plan to reverse this year's increase in social security contributions which had been pencilled in for April 2023. Advisors to the leadership frontrunner believed the cut could be introduced within days of an emergency budget that her government would deliver in September, if she wins the ruling Conservative Party's leadership race that is due to end on September 5. DON'T MISSJacob Rees-Mogg answers YOUR questions on Brexit, Boris and more [REACT]Kay Burley's grilling of Truss and Sunak FINALLY unearthed answers [INSIGHT]Here's who won last night's leadership election – YOU VOTED [POLL]  Ms Truss's rival, former Chancellor Rishi Sunak, said cutting taxes now would add more fuel to Britain's soaring inflation rate which is set to surpass 13 percent in October, according to the Bank of England's latest forecasts. The BoE last Thursday warned Britain is due to enter a 15-month recession starting later this year, something Ms Truss says adds urgency to her plan to cut taxes. Writing in the Sunday Telegraph, Ms Truss said she wanted to "immediately tackle the cost of living crisis by cutting taxes, reversing the rise on National Insurance and suspending the green levy on energy bills."