Earlier this month, Kensington Palace confirmed Prince William and Kate Middleton will be moving to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor, and their three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will be attending Lambrook School nearby. In moving to Berkshire, the Cambridges will be brought much closer to the Queen and two other important figures in their family, Carole and Michael Middleton. Carole and Michael Middleton are known to be devoted to their three royal grandchildren, so unsurprisingly, Kate may wish for her children to spend more time with them now they'll be living in Windsor. Beth Hale wrote in the Daily Mail: "It is surely no coincidence that Lambrook is only 30 miles from the children's grandparents, Michael and Carole Middleton, who will doubtless have been consulted. "That Kate might see her mother as a key feature as she maps out the educational path of her own brood, would come as no surprise." Over the years, Carole and Michael have often appeared at events spending time with their grandchildren. READ MORE: 'Most tense' royal moment ever 'caught on camera' - pictures  Just like Kate and William, Carole and Michael are thought to be keen on exploring the great outdoors with the trio. And when the Cambridges visit them in Bucklebury, fun activities like gardening are on the agenda. Carole told Saga magazine last year: "It's important for children to grow up appreciating nature and part of that is allowing them to get a bit muddy." She added: "If I'm doing planting with my grandchildren, I like to have it all laid out at 'activity stations' with their own little trowel and pot so they can get started immediately."  Carole also previously revealed that she leaves her grandchildren a whole tree to decorate at Christmas time. Kate has gushed about her good relationship with her parents on several occasions, once describing them as "hugely dedicated". During an episode of Giovanna Fletcher's 'Happy Mum, Happy Baby' podcast in 2020, Kate said: "I had a very happy childhood. "It was great fun and I'm very lucky I come from a very strong family. My parents were hugely dedicated.  DON'T MISS: The Queen and Princess Anne stepped out in matching yellow outfits [INSIGHT]Royal Family's best headband moments - from Kate Middleton to Beatrice [PICTURES]86-year-old Princess Beatrix adds pop of colour to latest look [ANALYSIS] "I really appreciate now as a parent how much they sacrificed for us. "They came to every sports match, they'd be the ones on the side line shouting, and we'd always have our family holidays together." As early as her engagement interview in 2010, Kate touched upon how "dear" her family were to her. She said: "They've been great over the years - helping me with difficult times. We see a lot of each other and they are very, very dear to me." 