LeaseCar.co.uk has named the best places to watch the sunset in the UK. These stunning spots prove tourists don’t have to leave the UK to enjoy a glorious sunset. READ MORE: 'Travel must have': Mum goes wild for a packing gadget - 'geniuses'  Land’s End was ranked the best place in the UK to watch the sunset and is the country’s most south-westerly point. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Spectacular views.” Sunset watchers will see the sun go down across Land’s End rocky cliffs and rugged scenery. If tourists are very lucky, they might even catch a glimpse of dolphins and seals in the waters below. Tenby in Pembrokeshire was named as Wales’ top location to watch the sunset. The small coastal town has three beaches. Voted as one of the top seaside towns in Wales, watching the sunset overlooking the harbour is a once in a lifetime experience. Sandbanks in Dorset rounded off the top three best sunset locations in the UK. Sandbanks is known for its exclusive lifestyle. Former football manager, Harry Redknapp, lives on the Sandbanks Peninsula with his wife, Sandra. READ MORE: Portugal’s most dangerous city is a popular tourist destination The stunning peninsula has soft sand making it the perfect spot to enjoy a picnic while watching the sun go down. It’s always lovely to watch the sunset from a tall vantage point and i360 in Brighton offers incredible panoramic views of Brighton beach. The i360 is a 162m tall observation tower and visitors can look out across the town and the shoreline. London residents might not be able to watch the sunset over the sea but Primrose Hill is a close second. The beloved hill is a Grade 2 listed public park and offers breathtaking views of the capital city. Edinburgh residents should head to the top of Arthur’s Seat for a stunning view of the Scottish sunset. The ancient volcano offers incredible views of the Scottish capital and is an easy trek from the city centre. After watching the sun go down, tourists can head to the city’s Royal Mile to enjoy a drink or meal.