This weekend, energy regulator Ofgem raised the price cap on household energy bills by 80 percent, meaning many people will struggle to heat their homes this winter amid the cost of living crisis. Boris Johnson is expected to speak about the benefits green energy will have in order to ensure “homegrown affordable energy” in Britain as he enters his last week as Prime Minister. A Government source has said that Mr Johnson will give a final farewell message in which he talks about Britain’s future investment in green energy. In his speech, the outgoing Prime Minister will say that Britain can pursue net zero by 2050 while helping people that are struggling with the rising energy bills. Mr Johnson’s green energy goal was to build a new nuclear reactor every year and increase offshore wind power by 2030, which would account for almost half of Britain’s electricity consumption. It is unknown if the next Prime Minister will continue to pursue those goals. A Government source told the Telegraph: “Boris is passionate about the energy strategy. "There is a desire to say something this week about how everything we have done has kept us in a much better position in the medium and long term, through investing in nuclear and wind.” They added: “Clearly we need to help people cope with bills this winter, but there is an even bigger need to address supply side and ensure we have homegrown affordable energy for people and businesses as soon as we can. "Too many governments have ducked this.”  This weekend, Mr Johnson also wrote in the Mail on Sunday that the next Prime Minister would deliver a “huge” package of support for families struggling with the cost of living while also expanding on green energy. He wrote: “Next month – whoever takes over from me – the Government will announce another huge package of financial support.” Mr Johnson added: “We are ending our dependency on Russian hydrocarbons. "In June, for the first time in decades, we did not import any fuel from Russia. "The UK has already stepped up production of domestic gas – 26 percent more this year than last." “With every new wind farm we build offshore, with every new nuclear project we approve, we strengthen our strategic position. "We become less vulnerable to the vagaries of the global gas price and less vulnerable to Vladimir Putin’s pressure. “It is this government that has reversed the apathy of decades and greenlighted new nuclear plants. "We are going to build a new reactor every year and will have 50 gigawatts of offshore wind by 2030.”  READ MORE: Tories outline plan to make Britain a world-leading science superpower  Conservative leadership candidate Liz Truss has said she supports the goal of reaching net zero but claimed it must be done “in a way that doesn’t harm businesses or consumers”. The Foreign Secretary has also expressed support for exploring more North Sea oil and gas, plus fracking in communities that support it. Ms Truss has pledged to cut National Insurance and green levies on energy bills in order to tackle the cost of living. On Sunday evening, a member of Ms Truss’ campaign said: "Liz has been clear we need to lower the burden of taxation and focus on boosting energy supplies and this will be her priority as prime minister. "She's also been clear further support may be required to help. "Her preference is to target this to those most in need, but isn't ruling anything out." DON'T MISS: I'm losing patience with the leadership race, we need a leader now [REVEAL]Business owner reveals feeling suicidal as costs gets unaffordable  [REPORT]Liz Truss allies ALREADY discussing her downfall [INSIGHT] The last week of the Conservative leadership election comes at a time when polling suggests Mr Johnson remains popular with Tory Party members. A YouGov poll released last week showed that if Mr Johnson was a candidate in the race to replace him he would receive twice as many votes as either Ms Truss or ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak. The outgoing Prime Minister polled at 46 percent, compared to Ms Truss on 24 percent and Mr Sunak on 23 percent. Mr Johnson will step down as Prime Minister after the new leader of the Conservative Party is announced next week on September 5. Conservative members still have a few days to cast their votes, as ballots close on September 2. 