The Met Office put out the alert for rain across the east coast of Scotland. This means downpours could cause “disruption”, the weather service warned. The warning is in place between Perth and Aberdeen from 9pm on Wednesday until 6am on Thursday. The Met Office suggests that travellers could face longer journey times due to roads flooding, as well as public transport likely to see some delays. They added that “flooding of a few homes and businesses is possible”. Heading into Wednesday evening, “prolonged” showers are likely across Scotland and Northern Ireland. These will turn “scattered” heading south towards northwest England and north Wales. But much of southern England and Wales will escape unscathed in the evening, with “dry and clear periods”. Although the warmest temperatures overnight will be focused around southeast England and the capital, the night will feel “generally cooler and fresher” for most in the UK. In Inverness, the BBC predicts temperatures will dip to 11C with likely showers and a “gentle breeze”, with a similar picture emerging for Edinburgh. READ MORE: POLL: Should women's footballers be paid the same as men? Belfast will see rain with lows of 12C, with Manchester likely to stay dry and maintain temperatures in the mid-teens throughout the night. “Light cloud” and a “moderate breeze” will linger in Cardiff overnight, with temperatures similar to London at around 15C. Through Thursday, much of the south of England will bask in dry, sunny spells with warm air lingering. The Met Office forecast details some showers “further north, especially across northern Scotland where some may be heavy”. DON'T MISS: Hosepipe ban: Is there a hosepipe ban in my area? Latest bans MAPPED [MAP] Interest rates LIVE: Shock as BoE poised for interest rate hike [LIVE] POLL: Will you follow a hosepipe ban if enforced in your area? [VOTE] Temperatures will peak at 16C in the north of Scotland on Thursday, accompanied by showers and a noticeable breeze. In Edinburgh, temperatures will stretch up to 19C with a brighter, sunnier outlook to the “moderate breeze”, according to the BBC. Sunny spells will break through the clouds for parts of Thursday across Northern Ireland, with temperatures touching 17C. The outlook will be similar across the northwest of England and through to the northwest, will expect highs of 22C and outbursts of sun. Temperatures in south Wales will comfortably surpass 20C, reaching 22C in Cardiff on Tuesday. Temperatures will be highest in London, with a gentle breeze forecast alongside 25C in the capital.