The Ministry of Defence (MoD) said 1,295 migrants make the journey on Monday topping this year's highest total of 696, recorded earlier this month. The spike follows a weekend of poor conditions meaning people were unable to make the dangerous trip. A Government source said there was a "backlog for smugglers to clear" as conditions improved on Monday but the weather still wasn't seen as "ideal". The MoD said a total of 27 boats were detected. Monday's total is the highest daily total since current records began in 2018, with a Government source saying the rise in crossings is "unacceptable". At least six RNLI lifeboats were called out as far as Eastbourne to rescue migrants after three Border Force catamarans become overwhelmed. Most of the arrivals were from Albania, according to Border Force.    The source added: "Not only are they an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they risk the lives of vulnerable people, who are being exploited by ruthless criminal gangs. Our new Nationality and Borders Act is breaking these evil criminals’ business model, through tougher sentences for those who facilitate illegal entry into the country, with 38 people already arrested and facing further action. “Under our new Migration and Economic Development Partnership with Rwanda, we are continuing preparations to relocate those who make these unnecessary and illegal journeys, helping to save lives by deterring others from crossing.”  READ MORE: Shock stats shows almost a FOURTH UK hosts can’t afford to keep homing Ukrainian refugees  Pictures from Monday show babies and several young children wrapped in blankets and wholly hats as they were brought ashore in Dover. Over 22,600 people have arrived in the UK in small boats including dinghies in 2022, figures suggest. The previous highest daily today was recorded on November 11, 2021 when 1,185 people made the journey. Total crossings last year were 28,526. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry to leave out detail that would 'burn the whole Firm down' in new bookM25 chaos as 'Just Stop Oil' eco mobs BLOCKS major road in Essex – police swoop in‘It dented my car!’ Big cat mysterious sightings continue as locals spot elusive creature   