Linda McCartney recalled the Linda McCartney two Vegetarian 1/4lb burgers pack due to health fears as they contain milk, an ingredient which is not mentioned on the label. The Linda McCartney two Vegetarian 1/4lb burgers pack is sold in popular supermarkets including Asda, Morrisons and Tesco. The product is a health risk for those with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. Linda McCartney recalled the burgers and issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. These are used to notify customers about the recalled product and informed them of what to do if they have the product at home. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton is set to become a Lady while Kate will be a Princess  The company also advised consumers to contact their allergy support organisations, which will tell them about the recall. The batch codes affected are 20922, 21022 and 21122 and can be found under the best before date. The affected product's best before date is January 2024 and the pack size is 227g. People are urged to check these details if they have a pack of Linda McCartney burgers at home.  Linda McCartney two vegetarian 1/4lb burgers Pack size 227g Batch code 20922, 21022 and 21122 Best before January 2024 READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb The Food Standards Agency shared its advice to consumers: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund." Linda McCartney urged: "Please do not consume this product if you have an allergy to milk. "Return the product to the store of purchase for a full refund. No receipt is required." Consumers can contact Linda McCartney Consumer Care on 0800 0014409 if they have any questions about the products and how to proceed. Tesco sells the burgers for £2.50 and Asda for £3 while they can be found in Morrisons for just £2. Why are products recalled? The Food Standards Agency explained: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product)." Normally, foods are recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing, there is a food allergy risk or the information provided is incorrect.