Manchester United have secured a second Premier League win of the season with a hard-fought 1-0 win over Southampton on Saturday afternoon. The Red Devils had gone into the game high on confidence after beating Liverpool last time out. And Bruno Fernandes’ goal in the second half was enough to give the visitors all three points. Manchester United had been a club in crisis just a week ago. But they’ve now secured two vital Premier League wins on the trot, including their first on the road since April with a 1-0 win over Southampton on Saturday. With both teams struggling to make a breakthrough, it was Fernandes who provided a moment of magic for the visitors in the 55th minute. The Portugal international, who has often struggled for consistency over the past 12 months, was on hand to expertly fire the ball into the bottom corner after a pinpoint pass from Diogo Dalot. Express Sport will now take a look at United’s best four players as they picked up another key three points in their battle to qualify for next season’s Champions League. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Fernandes has had it rough at United ever since the Hollywood homecoming of Cristiano Ronaldo, who returned a year ago after 12 years away. But the Portugal international has started to rediscover his mojo and his winner against Southampton will do him the world of good. It was certainly no easy finish, with the former Sporting Lisbon star having much to do as he rifled the ball home from the edge of the box. He was always an attacking outlet throughout the game, while he also showed a willingness to muck in with the defensive duties as well. If Fernandes can keep performing consistently, the United armband may just beckon on a permanent basis. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him United have waited for a year to see the best of Raphael Varane. Signed from Real Madrid in last summer’s transfer window, the France international has often been plagued with injuries during his time at Old Trafford. However, against Southampton on Saturday, Varane showed his class by keeping the Saints’ quick and threatening attack at bay. Picked alongside Lisandro Martinez, the duo now seem to be United’s first-choice centre-back pairing. Martinez also deserves credit, though was shaky at times in the first half. That spells trouble for Harry Maguire, with the United skipper now out in the cold after previously toiling against Brentford and Brighton. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. When Christian Eriksen joined United earlier in the transfer window, some felt he’d struggle to get into the team. However, he’s started all four of his side’s Premier League matches and this was arguably his best showing of them all. The Denmark international has evolved from a playmaker to a dictator, helping United in the middle of the park and operating in a type of Frenkie de Jong role. Eriksen helps the Red Devils both in and out of possession, too, showing he deserves to be in the team. Some pinpoint passes to team-mates, certainly, deserved better. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Diogo Dalot’s place in the team now looks assured. The Portugal international was often overlooked in favour of Aaron Wan-Bissaka during the years where Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. But Dalot has now leapfrogged the former Crystal Palace star in Ten Hag’s pecking order. His assist for Fernandes was brilliant, with the former Porto right-back producing the pullback for his compatriot to score. And Wan-Bissaka is expected to leave United in the coming days as the close of the summer transfer window nears. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here