The Archers listeners old and new have grown used to listening to Peggy Woolley (played by June Spencer) on the BBC Radio 4 show each week. However, having first taken on the role way back in 1951, actor June has announced she’ll be retiring from the iconic part at the age of 103. June said in a statement regarding her retirement [via The Guardian]: “In 1950, I helped to plant an acorn. It took root and in January 1951 it was planted out and called The Archers. “Over the years it has thrived and become a splendid great tree with many branches. “But now this old branch, known as Peggy, has become weak and unsafe so I decided it was high time she ‘boughed’ out, so I have duly lopped her.” Peggy’s become a household name among The Archers’ fans in no small part down to June’s portrayal of the character. READ MORE: Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!' Initially introduced as a young mother with two young girls, Peggy’s arc on the soap saw her become a great-grandmother and feature in a number of hard-hitting storylines. June even portrayed Peggy in a personal storyline for the actor as her onscreen other half Jack Woolley, died of Alzheimer’s - the same disease June’s off-screen husband Roger sadly fell victim to. Editor of The Archers, Jeremy Howe, said: “I think working with June Spencer has been one of the greatest privileges of my many decades in drama. “Her Peggy is one of the great creations of broadcasting – utterly charming, utterly ruthless, sharp as a knife and witty in spades. “To think that June has commanded the airwaves over an Archers career of over 70 years beggars belief. “I have rarely worked with such an inventive, focused and technically brilliant actor, or such a lovely person. “Myself and the Archers team and cast wish June a well-deserved and long retirement – and I know that if she doesn’t think the show is up to the mark June will be letting us know. “Bravo the legend that is June Spencer,” he signed off in tribute to the star. DON'T MISS:BBC ex-host David Hamilton furiously dismantles Liz Truss' leadership BBC Breakfast host has head in hands over Mike Bushell blunderCarol Kirkwood warns North-South divide as South struggles for water Soon after June's announcement was released, fans of the radio soap opera shared their bets wishes. On Twitter, G F Furness commented: “We will all miss her. A fine actress and an amazing woman. #TheArchers." And @folkypunkcas weighed in: “I’m sad to see her go but so happy it is her choice and she has given so much fun as Peggy. "Her eco meddling and window nonsense have been a treat x #TheArchers."  While @KarinKMacDee added: “She will be missed, but at her age it’s understandable. Thank you June for continuing for so long. "I hope you enjoy your retirement as much as possible." And Christine Grandison concurred: “Part of life The Archers in our household. I even named my Cat Peggy, best of luck June enjoy putting your feet up." (sic)