Manchester United are reportedly close to signing Matheus Cunha from Atletico Madrid in a £42million transfer. The Red Devils are scrambling for additions following a disastrous start to the new Premier League season, which has apparently prompted several senior players to directly tell the Old Trafford hierarchy that they must step up their business over the coming weeks. United have been beaten by Brighton and Brentford in their opening two league games. The latter reverse was Sunday's 4-0 demolition that has sparked the latest inquest at Old Trafford. Head coach Erik ten Hag is now desperate for new arrivals after seeing his side flounder in successive fixtures. United have been linked with several players and are now apparently close to signing Cunha from Atletico. A £42m bid for the Brazilian has reportedly been accepted by the La Liga club. The 23-year-old could become United's fourth summer signing, joining Cristian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia in arriving at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Conte and Tuchel sent FA request after being charged for bust-up That is according to TalkSPORT, who claim that a move is 'close'. The versatile star can play as a winger or as a striker, giving Ten Hag plenty of options. However, he does not boast an outstanding goal record, having scored just six times in the Spanish top-flight last season. He bagged seven Bundesliga goals the season before with Hertha Berlin. Reports of Cunha's imminent arrival come amid claims that United could rekindle their interest in Ajax star and fellow Brazil international Antony. Ajax previously quoted £67m for the 22-year-old, but the Brazilian edition of Goal reports that United feel that stance might be softened later in the transfer window. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's De Jong bid 'expires' in latest twist to transfer sagaAdrien Rabiot's move to Man Utd seemingly confirmed after goodbye vidMan Utd could stumble upon 'sensible' £25m striker signing by accident United appeared to have given up hope of signing Antony earlier in the transfer window after being given an ultimatum by Ajax over two of their transfer targets. Ten Hag's former side told the Red Devils to pick one of Martinez or Antony and United ultimately chose the former to plug their defensive issues. But they apparently now believe that Ajax will back down on their £67m valuation and could accept closer to £50m. Antony scored his first goal of the new campaign in Ajax's 6-1 thumping of Groningen on Sunday. United are also close to confirming the signing of Adrien Rabiot from Juventus. It comes after the club seemingly gave up on pursuing Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong. 