Lando Norris' hopes of challenging for the world F1 world title in 2023 are set to receive a massive double boost after McLaren unveiled plans for developments on their current cars. It's been a mixed campaign thus far for the young British driver, who earlier this year outlined his ambition to challenge with the team by signing a new multi-million pound contract. Norris lies seventh in the drivers' standings on 76 points, a full 70 away from disrupting the top six occupied by the pairings of Red Bull, Ferrari, and Mercedes. A third-placed finish in Emilia Romagna represents his only podium finish so far. But whilst speculation grows over the future of misfiring teammate Daniel Ricciardo, the 22-year-old is very much seen as the future at Andreas Seidl's team. That's despite him having not yet won an F1 race, with his chances of a maiden victory in Sochi last year scuppered by late downpours. This new era of F1, with stringent regulations designed to make racing more competitive, led many pundits to label him an outside bet for the title but whilst that notion hasn't materialised, things are looking up for 2023 - and the two years that follow. McLaren have unveiled plans for a new wind tunnel and driving simulator. JUST IN: Max Verstappen and George Russell clash while Lewis Hamilton snubbed - Albon picks pairing "We plan to have the wind tunnel ready [by the] middle of next year, which means part of the '24 car development will benefit from the new wind tunnel already," Seidl told RacingNews365. The first full car that [will be] developed in the tunnel is the '25 car. "On the driving simulator side, we are planning to complete a new one [at the] end of this year - or beginning of next year, where we then hopefully see some benefits already next year, or [at the] latest in '24." DON'T MISS:Michael Schumacher's brother would have been F1 legend but for 'two serious accidents'How Charles Leclerc can beat Max Verstappen to become new F1 world champion this yearLewis Hamilton and George Russell face long-term back damage due to porpoising concerns Norris' new deal expires at the end of 2025, with many pundits having touted him as an eventual replacement for Lewis Hamilton at Mercedes. However, his blossoming friendship with Max Verstappen has also led to speculation that Red Bull may be his preferred destination. All teams and drivers are currently midway through a four-week break in the F1 calendar, with action resuming at the Belgian Grand Prix on August 28. The timing of McLaren's unveiled plans may be designed to boost both Norris and Ricciardo ahead of the season resuming.