Union Bank of India (UK) has launched this deal as part of their GBP Fixed Rate Deposit savings products. The one-year fixed rate is paying customers 3.20 percent. This provider is safeguarded under the UK's deposit guarantee scheme. This means deposits will be protected up to £85,000 per person, or up to £170,000 for joint accounts, by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The minimum deposit required is £1,000. To access the 3.20 percent, Britons will not be able to withdraw the cash until the fixed rate term comes to an end. Interest is calculated on closing balances at the end of each day and paid annually. READ MORE: Mortgage rates: Homeowner urged to act sharpish or risk 'adding hundreds' to monthly bills The base interest rate rise has meant increases to various savings accounts, so Britons are urged to look around for the best deals for them to get the most of their cash. The Fixed Rate Deposit account can be opened by visiting a branch or completing an application form and posting it. Britons must be 18 years or over to open an account. People can achieve a higher rate by leaving their money locked away for longer. READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning the £1million jackpot? Union Bank of India UK also offer these fixed deals: Once any account has been opened, the rate will remain static for the fixed term. The base interest rate rise has meant increases to various savings accounts, but some offer better rates than others. HSBC explained: "With a fixed rate savings account, you lock away your savings for a set amount of time at a set interest rate. "It's also known as a fixed-term bond. "You may be able to choose how long your savings are locked away for, or it may be an amount of time set by the bank." Other leading rates on the market are offered by Oaknorth Bank and QIB UK - both of which are offering 2.85 percent. Union Bank is also paying 3.30 percent on both its two-year deal and three year deal - both of which are market leading. Charter Savings Bank Fixed Rate Bond is also one of the best on the market as their one year fixed rate savings account is 2.83 percent. Alternatively Kent Reliance One Year Fixed Rate Bond - Issue 100 is paying 2.79 percent AER, with interest paid on maturity.