Adrien Rabiot is reportedly considering holding out for a free transfer next summer instead of joining Manchester United. The Red Devils have been given the green light to discuss terms with the France international midfielder after agreeing a £15million deal with Juventus. Yet there has been little progress on that front as John Murtough continues to negotiate with Rabiot's mother and agent, Veronique. United had been hopeful that Rabiot was willing to make the move following a positive phone call with manager Erik ten Hag. However, according to Italian journalist Carlo Laudisa of Gazzetta dello Sport, Rabiot is now tempted to see out the final year of his contract at Juventus in order to secure a free transfer next summer. Historically, players can earn more money with their next contract if they let their deals expire with their current clubs. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Because the buyer is not technically paying a transfer fee, they usually show a tendency to invest more in wages. Rabiot previously ran down his contract at Paris Saint-Germain to sign for Juventus on a free transfer in the summer of 2019. His mother Veronique reportedly managed to pocket commission worth up to £9m from the deal and if her son is to once again depart on a free transfer, she could be in line for another bumper payday. Graeme Souness has warned United that Rabiot is not even a clear upgrade on their current options in midfield. READ MOREMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag “He was at PSG and ran down his contract and went to Juve. He’s not done it there,” he told White and Jordan on talkSPORT. “I’m not sure that’s much of an upgrade on what they’ve got there already. “What it stinks of is if you are signing him at this time, he’s not your first choice. Maybe your second. “It is 24 days to go until the window closes, one game gone, I think you are reacting to things now. That’s when you make mistakes.” United remain optimistic they will still strike an agreement on personal terms with Rabiot as the saga threatens to rumble on. The box-to-box midfielder has been identified as a priority signing for the Red Devils, who are slowly beginning to accept that Frenkie de Jong is unlikely to arrive at Old Trafford. Sergej Milinkovic-Savic of Lazio is also believed to be a target for United's recruitment department. Earlier this week, United had also been working on a deal for Bologna frontman Marko Arnautovic before opting to pull out of the transfer.