Megan Markle has opened up in another tell-all interview where she discussed her and Prince Harry’s decision to leave the Royal Family. GB News host Dan Wootton hit out at the Duchess of Sussex as he branded Meghan a “Hollywood diva” while addressing the revelations she made in the interview. Dan accused the Duchess of being a “Hollywood diva completely out of touch with the world around her”. “She goes in on the Royal Family, she trashes Prince Charles’ relationship with her gutless husband Harry and puts out a pack of pure fantasises about the British media,” Dan vented. In the interview, Meghan explained she appreciated not having to ensure a press pen of photographers on a school pickup. She said: “Sorry, I have a problem with that. That doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy. Read more: Royal feud as Omid Scobie DENIES Meghan said Harry 'lost his dad' “That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child.” Dan branded the idea of a press pen as a “laughable claim”. Prince William and Kate Middleton were able to drop off and collect Prince George and Princess Charlotte from their school in Battersea without press intrusion other than on the first day of school. Dan continued: “Perhaps the most telling anecdote was when Meghan shared an exchange between her and a South African cast member of the Lion King in London, this was in 2019. “She says, ‘He looked at me, and he’s just like light. He said, ‘I just need you to know when you married into this family, we rejoiced on the streets the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison.’ “Good lord, there really is no hope for her is there or Prince Harry if he stays down this rabbit hole.” GB News viewers were divided over Dan’s rant as @Mutley19621 tweeted: “Please don’t give any air time or comment on her ever again.” (sic) “Honestly I couldn’t care less,” @MadJeffSlade wrote. DON'T MISSDan Wootton warns Brits face ‘energy catastrophe’ due to mistakes [INSIGHT]GB News: Ex-PM Theresa May torn apart over net zero pledge [VIDEO]Dan Wootton speaks about problems facing Britain [INTERVIEW] @DebbieWorsley exclaimed: “Stop giving them airtime you are just encouraging them!! There are more important things going on in the world!!” Elsewhere in Meghan’s tell-all interview, the Duchess opened up on Harry’s relationship with his father. Meghan claimed her relationship with her father had broken down due to his behaviour with the tabloid press. She said: “Harry said to me, ‘I lost my dad in the process.’ “It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision.” Addressing her and Harry’s decision to split from the Royal Family, Meghan touched on the importance of forgiveness. “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive,” she said. Dan Wootton Tonight airs on GB News on weekdays at 9pm.