Hasim Rahman has accused Tyson Fury of ‘imitating’ Oleksandr Usyk’s style of fighting. The former heavyweight world champion backs Usyk to beat Fury if their proposed bout goes ahead and states that ‘everything Fury can do, Usyk does better’. Both men are currently in negotiations to book their blockbuster undisputed unification clash with conflicting suggestions on the exact date. According to initial reports, the contest was being targeted for December 17 in Riyadh, however, Fury’s US promoter Bob Arum has since come out to affirm that it is “highly unlikely” to happen in 2022. Instead, a more realistic date of February 11 or February 18 was provided by the American who added that the Middle East is the most likely destination. Among the possible locations are Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates (Abu Dhabi), and the United States (Las Vegas). Talking about the fight and whom he thought would win, Rahman picked Usyk before coining the Ukrainian as the ‘best heavyweight in the world’. “I think so [Usyk will win]. I think Usyk is the best heavyweight that’s currently fighting today. I think Fury imitates Usyk, and he’s had a lot of success with it. Fighting plodding, slow heavyweights [who aren’t] really boxing like that. Everything Fury can do in boxing, Usyk can do it better,” Rahman told FightHype. “With heavyweights it’s different. Most heavyweights are lazy, and they don’t have that work ethic. With the smaller guys it’s a little different. With Usyk’s boxing IQ, that’s going to play a big, major part. A lot of time the smaller guys’ IQs kind of cancel each other out.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua given coaching ultimatum by Garcia after Usyk loss McGregor causes a stir as fans convinced sex act video shared on yacht Jake Paul to fight UFC legend Anderson Silva “I think so [Usyk will win]. I think Usyk is the best heavyweight that’s currently fighting today. I think Fury imitates Usyk, and he’s had a lot of success with it. Fighting plodding, slow heavyweights [who aren’t] really boxing like that. Everything Fury can do in boxing, Usyk can do it better,” Rahman told FightHype. “With heavyweights it’s different. Most heavyweights are lazy, and they don’t have that work ethic. With the smaller guys it’s a little different. With Usyk’s boxing IQ, that’s going to play a big, major part. A lot of time the smaller guys’ IQs kind of cancel each other out.”