Richard Wells, 43, from Tunbridge Wells is warning other customers about the potential energy bill rises coming their way. Specifically, he is sounding the alarm for those who had direct debits arranged prior to the Government grant of £400. With British Gas’ prediction, Mr White saw his monthly direct debit rocket to £429.41 on August 1, 2022. This represents a 115 percent increase from his June 2022 payment which came to around £200. After receiving this forecast, the communications specialist contacted the energy supplier and asked them to explain their reasoning, warning them he would contact Ofgem if they failed to reply within six weeks. Earlier this week, Mr White received a response from British Gas after Kent Live made enquiries on his behalf. In their response, the energy provider said their forecast was “quite the jump” and said it had not taken into account the £400 energy bill grant. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out   Speaking to Kent Live, Mr White called British Gas’ energy bill estimate “preposterous” and is warning other people that they could see similar price hikes in their future. He explained: “My partner and I live in a modest three bedroomed detached home with a cat by Toad Rock. “It is not the base camp for an arctic expedition so for British Gas to predict we are going to burn more than £5,000 worth of energy a year is preposterous, a figure they jovially describe to me in the email I forwarded to you as 'quite the jump'.” The Government launched the £400 energy bill grant to mitigate the impact of predicted price cap increases, which is expected to hit £4,266 by January 2023.  The Tunbridge Wells resident is reminding households to check whether this sum of money has been applied to their energy suppliers’ forecasts for their upcoming bills. Mr White confirmed he will be halving his direct debit until his credit with British Gas is reduced significantly. “Everyone who had direct debits set by British Gas before the government subsidy was announced may wish to check to see if this is still accurate,” he said. “British Gas accepts it has not taken into account the government £400 subsidy when calculating direct debits.” READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments A British Gas spokesperson to Kent Live said: "Mr White's annual bill has not been set at over £5,000. “We periodically review direct debit payment plans and after reassessing his current plan which ends in October. “We advised in his June statement that his payments would rise up until October to ensure his projected usage was covered."  The energy supplier said Mr White’s monthly bill payment of £429.41 “would not continue” for the next year. British Gas also apologised about their delay in responding and emphasised their adjustment was based on the customer’s prior energy usage “among other factors”. The organisation confirmed they would take Mr White’s gas and electricity meter readings to “bill his account to date”. Express.co.uk has contacted British Gas for comment. 