Pro-Moscow voices have vowed to strike Ukraine after they blamed Kyiv for a car bomb attack in the Russian capital which killed the daughter of a key ally to Vladimir Putin. Darya Dugina, 29, is the daughter of ultra-nationalist Russian philosopher Alexander Dugin. Dugin has previously been described as "Putin's brain" and even "Putin's Rasputin". Russian investigators claimed Dugina died immediately "from an explosive device which had been placed under the bottom of the car on the driver’s side". Ms Dugina had been sanctioned by the British Government after the 29-year-old emerged as a "frequent and high-profile contributor of disinformation in relation to Ukraine". However, officials in Ukraine have denied any link to the alleged murder. JUST IN: Russian tank 'sent into space' as powerful strike showcases Ukraine strength against Putin Rejecting the claim, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "We should be aware that this week Russia may try to do something particularly nasty, something particularly cruel. Such is our enemy." Mr Zelensky's adviser Mykhailo Podolyak added: "We are not a criminal state, like the Russian Federation, and moreover we are not a terrorist state." Pro-Kremlin outlets have urged Putin to take direct action against Kyiv following the car bomb incident. TV pundit Margarita Simonyan said Russian missile strikes should target Ukraine’s "decision-making centres". READ MORE: Putin warned by former KGB spy that launching nuke will 'be his death sentence'- EXCLUSIVE Orthodox and nationalist network Tsargrad TV, which is where Mr Dugin has served as chief editor since 2015, also said "Kyiv should shake" from missile strikes. However, the Telegraph has suggested the incident could be a "false-flag attack" which was "staged by the Kremlin to give Putin reason to retaliate". The broadsheet speculated: "By bringing it home to Moscow, Putin may be able to whip up Russian public support to allow him to escalate the war to a full mobilisation and even relaunch attacks on Kyiv, where the Russian army was humiliated in March." According to the Ministry of Defence (MoD), Russian efforts in the ex-Soviet state have stalled. DON'T MISS: Putin 'struggling to sell war' after mounting sabotage attacks [VIDEO]'Union militants are putting the jobs of rail workers at risk' [COMMENT]Nuclear fears soar as Putin pounds city near power plant [LIVE]