Council bosses have banned the Guinness-loving horse from The Drum Inn, in Cockington, after he was given his special title at a ceremony held on July 23. The honour was granted in response to an online campaign to elect him to the post following the death of previous mayor Don Mills. Despite his job title, Patrick, a Miniature Shetland, is now in trouble, as a planning enforcement officer told the pub they need planning permission for him to be allowed to graze in the pub garden. Patrick’s owners Kirk and Hannah Petrakis said they were "shocked and upset" by the move, which they fear will leave the horse traumatised, and have already removed the fencing from the animal's “interaction pen” at the establishment. READ MORE: What do the different UK political parties stand for? Ms Petrakis, 37, said: “It’s been really traumatic. We’re just shocked by it. “We don’t want to go through planning because it costs money and it is likely to be refused. “It’s really sad. We’re all very upset about it.” Mr Petrakis, 44, added: “We have been very upset the past two days but I’ve been overwhelmed by messages of support.” While the pony was recently moved away due to a lack of suitable winter grazing, he regularly travels back to Cocklinton with Mr and Ms Petrakis. Furious locals branded the council’s decision as “disgusting” and “selfish”, and a petition has been started by Patrick Cain, who lives nearby in Torquay, to ask the council to allow the pony back on the boozer’s lawn. He said: “We want this decision changed. “We want them to allow Patrick to graze in the pub garden where the public can delight in watching him enjoy the grass. “Torbay Council need to stop being so petty and allow a little joy into the lives of residents and visitors alike!” Torbay MP Kevin Foster has also blasted the council's move. DON'T MISSScorching 42C Spanish heatwave panic as NINE alerts issued [FORECAST]Princess Charlotte looks glum as frustrated royal buries head in hands [PICTURES]Archie Battersbee family ‘disheartened’ as they wait for final ruling  [REPORT] What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He said: “I'm stunned that this has been the reaction of the council. There really must be more important things they can be doing with their time at the moment. “To be clear this pen wasn’t his home; it wasn't stabled buildings. It’s just a little wooden pen in a village that's famous for horse and carriage rides. “I’m very happy to work with Kirk and Hannah, his owners, to get him back doing his bit for the local community.” A Torbay Council spokesperson said: “We can confirm that following a complaint from a member of the public, an enforcement case has been opened into the erection of unauthorised timber fencing and the display of advertisements within the beer garden of the Drum Inn, Cockington. “This is in a designated conservation area and is next to a listed building, and we need to ensure historic areas like this are protected from unauthorised development.” They added: “The council has not received or approved any planning applications for the fencing or the change of use for horses. “Officers have now raised concerns over the suitability of these unauthorised works, the potential change of use of land and the impact this has on the conservation area and nearby listed building. “We have written to the landlord of the public house advising that the works are considered a breach of planning legislation. “We are now encouraging them to engage with the planning department to find a more acceptable solution, to either remove the works or to submit a retrospective planning application.”