The results of the Conservative leadership race will be announced on September 5, as either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak will be Britain’s next Prime Minister. The Queen is currently on holiday at Balmoral, the traditional summer home of the Royal Family.  It is tradition for the Queen to travel to Balmoral Castle, located in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, in mid-July before coming back to London in early October. However, this year the Queen is to make an exception as Boris Johnson will officially resign as Prime Minister on September 6, the day after the results of the Tory leadership results will be announced. As the head of state, it is an important constitutional role that the Queen appoints a new Prime Minister and gives them permission to lead the new Government in her name. Boris Johnson will be the 14th Prime Minister the Queen has succeeded in her 70-year reign as Britain’s monarch.  A source told the Daily Mail: “Her Majesty does not expect the new Prime Minister to travel to Scotland, so the plan is that the Queen will travel down to see them.” It is tradition for Buckingham Palace to be the official venue to appoint the new Prime Minister, but it may have changed to Windsor Castle. In March, Her Majesty announced that she was moving her permanent residence to Windsor Castle, as Buckingham is currently being refurbished which won’t be completed until 2027. However, the Queen has not lived at Buckingham Palace since March 2020, when she relocated to Windsor Castle following the Covid pandemic. READ MORE:Kate enjoyed rare moment at Balmoral as Queen 'let her guard down'    The Queen will travel back to England only to appoint the new Prime Minister, but will quickly travel back to Balmoral to continue her break away from royal duties. This holiday has been a particularly quiet vacation for Her Majesty, as she has cancelled a public appearance and the traditional inspection of the guard this year. Balmoral Castle has been the summer house of the Royal Family since it was bought in 1852 by Prince Albert for Queen Victoria. The Queen officially owns six estates across the UK, but it has been widely reported her Scottish holiday home is her favourite.  DON'T MISS:Here's how to get your hands on the Queen's favourite cheese [REVEAL]Queen spent staggering £2m on Windsor Castle in 1992 for key reason [REPORT] Future Queen Kate leaves journalist stunned with down-to-earth gesture [INSIGHT]  Princess Eugenie has described Balmoral as “the most beautiful place on earth.” In a documentary for ITV, she said: “I think Granny is the most happy there, I think she really, really loves the Highlands. “Walks, picnics, dogs – a lot of dogs, there's always dogs! And people coming in and out all the time.” Balmoral Castle is said to have a less formal atmosphere than the Queen’s other estates, and royal experts have been reported that the Queen does her own washing up there. Juliet Rieden, a royal correspondent, said: “This is where she loves to be, this is holiday time for the Queen. She always said this is where she feels most herself and feels most free. "When they are out having their barbecues, which they love to do out in the grounds of Balmoral – it’s a massive estate, the most beautiful grounds – where they literally set up a barbecue. And afterward, the Queen does the washing up." Balmoral estate will be open to the public by late October after the Queen returns home to England, and tour dates will also be announced in November and December. 