Fleur East is one of 15 famous faces hoping to impress the likes of Anton du Beke, Craig Revel Harwood, Shirley Ballas and Most Mabuse as part of this year’s Strictly Come Dancing line-up. The BBC competition is no stranger to signing up performers who may have had experience or training when it comes to dance or music but Fleur has since claimed her background won’t automatically put her ahead of her co-stars. The former X Factor star joins Matt Goss, Molly Rainford and Kym Marsh as the only three Strictly stars to have experience singing and dancing on stage. However, while Kym and Molly have both moved into the world of acting, only Matt and Fleur have continued their careers as musical performers. Elsewhere in the cast of 2022 are the likes of former footballer Tony Adams, Loose Women’s Kaye Adams and The One Show’s Richie Anderson to name a few without any dance experience. However, speaking to Ranvir Singh, who’s competed on the show herself, Fleur directly addressed the possibility of being at an advantage. READ MORE: Madonna slammed by Ranvir Singh over bizarre new look 'I'm bamboozled' Ranvir quizzed: “Listen, everyone knows you can dance, everybody knows you know how to deal with a live big Saturday night competition show, you did it all. “Do you feel like the pressure’s on you to be top of the leaderboard every week? “That must be in your head somewhere,” Ranvir insisted but Fleur was quick to lower expectations. The former I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! star replied: “Yeah, there’s too much pressure, I’m so nervous, Ranvir. “Because I can dance in the club, you know what I mean? And I can dance on stage. “But I’ve never done any technical dancing, so I don’t know anything about ballroom, like how to point a toe or spin, any kind of stuff like that. “Put me on TikTok and I’m away but this is ballroom, this is a completely different level. “You’ve done the show so you need to give me some advice, Ranvir,” Fleur cheekily ended her retort. DON'T MISS:Death in Paradise's Ralf Little addresses future on BBC series Paul O'Grady aims new radio show jibe at BBC as he quits Radio 2Andrew Neil takes pop at BBC Breakfast in savage post Ranvir instead highlighted another possible string in Fleur’s bow, suggesting her experience in the fitness world will give her an edge. “I don’t think I can because the great thing about you is not only that, but I don’t think people realise that you are a professional personal trainer,” Ranvir pointed out. “You are so fit,” she added before telling Fleur the lengthy days of rehearsals take their toll. But will Fleur have what it takes to impress the Strictly judges given her previous experience? As well as the aforementioned star, there are plenty of other big names who’ll take to the dance floor. Countryfile alum Helen Skelton and Hamza Yassin join comedians Jayde Adams and Ellie Taylor in the line-up. While EastEnders’ Martin Bye and Coronation Street’s Will Mellor will also perform. Paralympian Ellie Simmonds and DJ Tyler West complete the line-up. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in September.