Nick Kyrgios received a code violation for ball abuse when he let his frustrations get the better of him in his match against Daniil Medvedev. After a neck-and-neck first set, the top seed ran away with the tiebreak as the world No 37 began ranting about the court conditions and sent a ball out of the stands, earning himself a warning. Kyrgios had failed to take two set points on the Medvedev serve at 5-4 in the opener and found himself in a tiebreak against the top seed to decide the first set. But just a couple of points in, the Aussie appeared to take issue with the bounce of the ball on the lines as he began ranting quietly in between points. And his frustrations grew when he found himself 1-6 down and facing four set points, as he sent a ball flying out of the Court Central stadium as spectators craned their heads to see where it would end up. The recent Wimbledon finalist swiftly received a code violation for ball abuse but managed to keep himself alive on the very next point, saving the first of Medvedev's multiple set points. The top seed dumped a ball into the net to gift Medvedev the opening set after 48 minutes and continued to rant at his bench during the change of ends while the US Open champion took the opportunity for an off-court bathroom break. JUST IN: Nadal makes sudden announcement in huge US Open hint after injury  "Why is it bouncing like that?" the former world No 13 could be heard muttering during the tiebreak, before letting his anger get the better of him and smashing the ball out of the stadium. But he managed to turn things around at the beginning of the second set, immediately breaking the 26-year-old to take a quick lead after the disappointing tiebreak. He remained vocal in the second set, this time cheering himself on when he won an exciting point and berating himself for missing shots. The world No 37 had also been heard muttering to himself at times during his win over Sebastian Baez on Tuesday and was on the receiving end of some huge fines at Wimbledon last month en route to his maiden Grand Slam final. DON'T MISSDaniil Medvedev sends warning to Nadal and co ahead of US Open defenceAlcaraz repeats Djokovic 11-year record despite Paul loss in CanadaRaducanu urged to accept McEnroe request despite Wimbledon criticism  Last week's Washington champion was handed a £8,200 ($10,000) fine for his outbursts in his opening match against Paul Jubb, in which he criticised the age of line officials and spat in the direction of a spectator at the conclusion of the match, later confirming it was a deliberate act. He was then embroiled in a popcorn clash with fourth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in the third round, in which the Greek smashed a ball into the stands while Kyrgios called for a "new referee" and asked for his opponent to be disqualified for hitting the ball towards spectators. It was Tsitsipas who receive the big £8,200 fine for their match but the Australian still received a £3,300 ($4,000) bill for his own antics.