John Wayne rose to prominence as an American actor and filmmaker who became a popular icon through his starring roles during the "Hollywood Golden Age". The three-time married actor is especially known for his appearances in Western and war films, his career having flourished from the silent era of the 1920s through the American New Wave that began in the mid-Sixties. In total, Wayne — whose real name was Marion Robert Morrison — starred in 179 film and television productions. In the legend's real life, the actor had a tumultuous love life, most notably with his second wife Esperanza Baur, who assumed he had been having an extramarital affair. Esperanza was a former Mexican actress and the second of John’s three marriages, who had believed her husband was seeing actress Gail Russell. Both actors denied having an affair despite the accusation. READ MORE: Lucy Verasamy savages 'grumpy' viewers complaint John and Gail filmed the 1946 film, Angel and the Badman, where the pair were involved in love scenes during the movie. The actor's other half was unimpressed and later accused the actor of having an affair. According to the Outsider, following a wrap party for the film, John arrived back at his estate late. But an allegedly intoxicated Esperanza had waited to catch her husband.  As the actor walked through the door, she attempted to shoot him. Despite the drama, the couple remarkably stayed married for almost seven more years before they eventually divorced. The Hollywood actor tied the knot with Esperanza in 1946 but the couple called it quits with a high-profile divorce in 1954. John was first married to his wife Josephine Wayne after the pair tied the knot in 1933 but they called it quits 12 years later. DON'T MISS... James May 'hospitalised with broken rib as stunt goes horribly wrong'[LATEST]Nigella Lawson 'distraught' amid plea after pal Salman Rushdie stabbed[TWITTER]Louise Redknapp flashes toned stomach in unbuttoned shirt[PICTURES] The same year that Wayne divorced his second wife, he wed Pilar Pallete. The couple stayed married until the actor’s death from cancer in 1979. John later confessed to his struggles to live up to his squeaky clean public image. “The guy you see on the screen isn’t really me. I’m Duke Morrison, and I never was and never will be a film personality like John Wayne," he commented. "I know him well. I’m one of his closest students. I have to be. I made a living out of him.” He went on: “I’ve found the character the average man wants himself, his brother, or his kid to be." "It’s the same type of guy the average wife wants for her husband," he added in the biography John Wayne: The Life and Legend. In the last 15 years of his life, John suffered from serious health problems. The legendary actor died at the age of 72 after being diagnosed with stomach cancer.