Emma Raducanu is hoping to defend her US Open title, starting the tournament with a match against France's Alize Cornet this week. The 19-year-old made history last year when she won the tournament, after bursting onto the scene as an unknown qualifier. Raducanu has spoken this week about ignoring noise from the outside as she focuses on her upcoming campaign. She said: "You're just starting from scratch. I need to discard any pressures there are from the outside. "You face the person in front of you and I know people will want to beat me. But I've got to stay on it and stay super focused." Since her historic win in New York, Raducanu has had to battle with injuries on court as well as increased scrutiny off it. British tennis legends John Lloyd and Sue Barker defended Raducanu from this criticism in June, saying that her one Grand Slam is a great achievement on its own. Speaking on BBC Sport, Lloyd said: “She set the bar pretty high, she won the US Open, she’s won a Slam already, so everybody’s after her. “We should all be so lucky to win one Grand Slam, I mean that’s still an amazing feat. "I don’t think she will be someone who goes away because I think she’s hungry for more. I think she’s going to stay around and win a lot more matches." Barker also questioned the criticism coming Raducanu's way. She said: “There’s nothing wrong with being a one-slam wonder!” Raducanu addressed some of the negative commentary around her in March this year. After the Briton signed a number of brand deals with varying companies, she hit back at suggestions that she cares more about her off-court brand than she does about sporting success. Raducanu has partnerships with Porsche, Vodafone, Nike, Dior, Tiffany’s and Co. and British Airways. Responding to critics, she said: "If you just see – like on the news or on social media – me signing this deal or that deal, I feel like it’s quite misleading. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic protest outside US Open courts as Joe Biden called out “Because I’m doing five or six hours a day [of training]. I’m at the [tennis] club for 12 hours a day. "But I throw out one post in the car on the way to practice and all of a sudden, it’s – you know – ‘I don’t focus on tennis’ or whatever. “I think that it is unfair, but it’s something that I have learned to deal with more and become a bit more insensitive to the outside noise. “And at the end of the day, I feel like my days [working with commercial partners] are pretty limited. I’m not even doing crazy days. I feel like I’m doing like three or four days every quarter, so it’s really not that much.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic issued 'circumstance' warning after US Open ban [INSIGHT]Murray outlines reasons for US Open success after tough conditions [ANALYSIS]Meghan in podcast exile as famous faces not 'queueing up to be on it' [INSIGHT] At the time, a tennis agent spoke to the Telegraph, estimating that she could rake in a total of £250 million from a decade within the World’s top ten ranked players. They explained: “Emma is probably picking up £10million to 15million annually via these deals but they do add up in terms of obligations. “You also have to ask what she could earn out of a decade in the world’s top 10 – and I’d put that at somewhere around £250million.”