 NBC’s hit procedural drama Law and Order Organized Crime is expected to make its highly anticipated return in September. With Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni) returning to tackle crime, he could be faced with a dangerous power couple.    Elliot made his monumental return to the Law and Order franchise with his own spin-off in 2021. He made his first appearance in Law and Order SVU’s pilot episode back in 1999 alongside Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay). The two were partnered up until 2011, when Elliot made an unexpected departure and returned after fatally shooting a teenage girl. Christopher's exit after 12 seasons also took fans by surprise, and the actor it put down to trying “new adventures.” READ MORE: Andrew Neil takes pop at BBC Breakfast in savage post   After discussing his departure with The New York Post in 2020, Elliot made his monumental return to screens the following year. He reprised his character for his own spin-off Law and Order OC, where he returned as Captain to lead the team at the Organized Crime Control Bureau. He jumped straight into work as he tackled different mobs and even went undercover to take them down. With season three landing in September, it looks as thought he could have his work cut out for him after a new casting announcement.     According to Deadline, Camella Belle and Gus Halper have been cast for the upcoming instalment. While showrunners have remained tight-lipped about their storylines, the duo will portray Pearl Serrano and Teddy Silas, who are described as a “New York City power couple.” Although Elliot has investigated the Italian mafia, the Irish mob and the Russian bratva, an evil romantic couple has yet to be explored. This could be the case in season three, as the two could be running their own organized crime unit. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [INSIGHT]Law and Order season 22 release date, cast, plot: Everything we know [ISNIGHT]   However, it’s likely the two could also be a target of a crime mob, and Elliot could be tasked with protecting them. This could also lead to another reunion for him and Olivia, who is still captain of the special victims unit. After a decade apart, the two had their eagerly awaited reunion during NBC’s major crossover event. They finally shared the screen again during the episode titled Return of the Prodigal Son, and he apologised for how he left as he never said goodbye to Olivia.    As a plot for season three has yet to be released, there will be a few storylines to explore based on how the show ended. NYPD detective Jet Slootmaekers (Ainsley Seiger) a usually focused hacker, found herself in love with Adam "Malachi" Mintock (Wesam Keesh). Alongside the neverending crime, the show will likely explore this romance between a cop and a reformed criminal turned police asset. As for Elliot, fans are still rooting for a romance between him and Benson, so viewers will have to tune in to see if they will finally take the leap.  Law & Order: Organized Crime season 3 premieres on NBC on Thursday, September 22.  