Starz series Outlander continues to go strong with the show entering its seventh season, which is currently in production. The show takes its cue from Diana Gabaldon’s historical novel series focusing on Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his 20th century time traveller wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe). Outlander has previously shed some light on Jamie’s father Brian Fraser (Andrew Whipp) and mother Ellen MacKenzie, revealing their forbidden romance. Brian featured in season one of Outlander and fans learnt early on about his tragic fate. The laird of Lallybroch ended up dying from the shock and heartbreak of watching his young son Jamie being beaten mercilessly by psychotic Redcoat Captain ‘Black Jack’ Randall. To make it worse, Jamie was completely unaware his father was in the crowd as the flogging took place, only learning afterward of his father’s death. The narrative of the story - which mirrors Gabaldon’s novels - meant Brian was always going to die and this wasn’t a decision on the actor’s part. READ MORE: Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? Sadly, even in the Outlander books, Brian’s tragic demise is recounted as his family is left in shreds with English soldiers causing chaos in the Highlands. Despite Brian dying, he lived through Brianna MacKenzie (Sophie Skelton), Jamie and Claire’s daughter after the Highlander asked his wife to name their baby after his late father. Interestingly, Brian does later make an appearance in the Outlander novels when he features in the eighth book Written in My Own Heart's Blood after Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) travels through time to Lallybroch. Roger tells Brian he is kin and is searching for his son Jeremiah MacKenzie, who has been kidnapped and taken through the stones. Brian kindly helps Roger as well as handing over a set of World War II dog tags belonging to J.W. MacKenzie, which Black Jack left for him at Lallybroch. So, there is always the possibility actor Whipp could reprise his role as Brian if the show continues going and follows the books further. Since leaving Outlander, British actor Whipp has gone on to star in Starz historical drama The White Princess and also Netflix’s fantasy drama Cursed. He has appeared in Suspicion, The Coroner, Death in Paradise, Father Brown, Vera and The Mallorca Files. Among his film credits are The Fourth Kind, Amazing Grace, Silent Hours, and Viking Destiny. Whipp is also an accomplished stage actor and has appeared in productions of Farragut North, Now This is Not the End, Macbeth, Arcadia, and King Lear. Starz recently announced Blood of My Blood, an Outlander prequel series focuses on Brian and Ellen’s love story, which again could open the door for Whipp’s return at a later stage. Outlander’s showrunner Matthew B. Roberts will be taking up the role of writer on the show. Author Gabaldon will be involved, along with Outlander’s executive producer Maril Davis and Ronald D. Moore. DON'T MISS...Outlander explained: Why was Jamie Fraser called Sawny? [INSIGHT]Outlander prequel: Star weighs in on Bonnie Prince Charlie series [INTERVIEW]Outlander explained: Did John Bell shave his head for Young Ian? [ANALYSIS] Heughan opened up about the Outlander prequel earlier this year when he confirmed he wouldn’t be involved in the project, much to fans’ disappointment. He said: "I knew it was in the works, I'm really excited for Diana, and for everyone who stars as well.: The star also joked to Insider how Blood of My Blood "better not be better" than Outlander. Heughan said he was intrigued to watch the new show and was wondering whether he’d have to play a younger version of himself - something which is highly unlikely now given Jamie is Ellen and Brian’s second son long after they are married. Outlander season 7 is in production now and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now