Oleksandr Usyk admits he “wants to laugh” at Tyson Fury and insists the duo will go head-to-head in the ring in the future. Fury announced his retirement from boxing after knocking Dillian Whyte out during their showdown at Wembley in April. In February, Fury scoffed at the suggestion that Usyk would pose him a bigger threat than Whyte as he said: “Hell no - are you joking? You’ve got the most powerful in the history of our sport [Wilder] and what’s Usyk going to do? Tip, tip, tip, tip, tip, tap dance around the ring and run away? “He didn’t do any damage at all to Anthony Joshua and definitely ain't doing damage to me. I'll obliterate him. He’s a cruiserweight. He’s a middleweight - a pumped-up middleweight. He was a middleweight in the amateurs, 75kg. I was a super-heavyweight at 11 years old.” But Usyk has now hit back as he hissed: “I want to laugh every time I watch him and listen to him. He told me completely different things to my face but I am not going to tell you what he told me.” And when asked if he believed the pair would fight each other, Usyk nodded and added: “I know we are fighting.” READ MORE: Chris Eubank Sr once left commentators in stitches in Eubank Jr corner  Usyk is currently preparing for his rematch with Anthony Joshua after getting the better of the Briton at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September. The second fight between the duo is set to take place next Saturday in Saudi Arabia. The winner of that showdown will get their hands on the Ring heavyweight title after it was vacated by Fury, as well as the WBA, IBF and WBO world heavyweight belts. DON'T MISSEubank Jr calls out his own promoter for lying at Benn presserChris Eubank Jr claims Conor Benn would be 'publicly executed'Eubank Jr ignores Benn's trainer and poses for selfies during speech   Fury revealed last week that he intended to come out of retirement for a third bout with Derek Chisora. But just days later he posted a cryptic story on his Instagram page as he tagged Chisora and wrote: “The funny thing is people love to do deals and then ask for more and then change the goalposts. But the usual thing is, for me, I tell them to go and get f****d so there we are.” And on Friday, Fury retired from boxing once again as he posted another update on his Instagram page and penned. “Massive thanks to everyone who had an input in my career over the years & after long, hard conversations I've finally decided to walk away & on my 34th birthday I say Bon voyage.” 