As the twelfth and final sign of the zodiac, Pisces transits come to close the party. Although, expect some form of emotional overwhelm as this transit holds everything that came before. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 13. Water sign Pisces is symbolised by two fish swimming in opposite directions to one another. This represents the constant division of Pisces's attention between fantasy and reality, according to Allure. Having absorbed all of the lessons from the 11 signs before it, Pisces is easily the most psychic, sensitive, and understanding of the zodiac. The Moon School said: “Pisces Moons have an incredible capacity to hold emotion – people with their natal Moon in Pisces will know this intimately.  READ MORE: Space lightning mystery: 'Gigantic' jet bursts found shooting 80km up  “They tend to be highly sensitive beings. So on a day when the Moon moves into this mutable water sign, we all become a little more empathic than usual. We feel more deeply.” Although its mutable energies can make you increasingly susceptible to change, which can be a good thing in certain circumstances - it can be personally disadvantageous. The Moon School said: “You may be more easily influenced by others, finding it hard to prioritise yourself because, well, ‘you’ cease to exist in isolation.” While you might be all too in tune with your emotions for the duration of the morning, the Moon’s alignment with Mercury might shake things up a bit.  Cafe Astrology said: "There can be some disconnect between our emotions and intellect with the Moon’s opposition to Mercury this afternoon. “Minor disagreements, especially about sensitivity to feelings, are more likely now.” You might feel more nostalgic, or you could find it easier to make close emotional attachments during this period. However, Astrology King said: “Such strong emotional bonds at this time can cloud your judgment, so this is not the best time for making important decisions.”  DON'T MISS:‘Remove’ these four items from your home to make rooms ‘feel larger’ [EXPLAINED]Six common gardening mistakes to avoid this august [INSIGHT]Brits spend less than six hours a week outdoors, study finds [ANALYSIS]     The Moon will move to sextile Uranus tonight, which will help ease any of the tensions the early day might have stirred. But not for too long, as the Sun moves to oppose Saturn “exact tomorrow”. Cafe Astrology said: “Feeling restricted or blocked can figure strongly. “While this tense energy doesn’t overrule the Moon-Uranus sextile, it can certainly overshadow it.” Enjoy the last of the dreamy Moon tonight before we head into the fiery Aries transit tomorrow evening. 