Manchester United are, according to reports, in talks with Barcelona over a swap deal that would see Sergino Dest move to Old Trafford and Aaron Wan-Bissaka head in the opposite direction. The club want a new right-back before the transfer window slams shut on Thursday, with Erik ten Hag eager for his squad to be bolstered. And, with regards to Dest, it appears the Red Devils are hoping he can solve an issue that has plagued the club ever since Gary Neville’s retirement in 2011. Manchester United have had a positive transfer window so far. As well as agreeing a massive £84million deal for Antony, they’ve also wrapped up deals for the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro as they look to secure a top-four finish. Now, Dest could be next. The Red Devils are in talks with Barcelona as they look to land the USA international, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax earlier in their respective careers. With that being the case United are, effectively, hoping to solve a 12-year problem right away. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Not since Neville have the club had a truly world-class right-back, one that has been able to make the spot their own in the years since the England international called it a day. There was once a time where it seemed like Rafael Da Silva would be the answer. Though brother Fabio started the 2011 Champions League final defeat to Barcelona, Rafael was always the more talented of the pair. He was particularly impressive in Sir Alex Ferguson’s final season at the club, making 28 Premier League appearances and netting three goals as they wrestled the title back from noisy neighbours Manchester City. Yet things changed when first David Moyes, and then Louis van Gaal, both arrived at Old Trafford. Neither manager appeared to take to Rafael, despite Ferguson’s work in developing the Brazil international into one of the best full-backs in the top flight. In September 2020, Rafael revealed he was warned Van Gaal wouldn’t like him. Speaking to The Athletic, he said: “When they said Van Gaal was the manager, a lot of friends called me. "I could not believe it, as a lot of people told me he does not like Brazilians (because of their style of play). “They told me, ‘The first thing he is going to do is take you out.’ DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “Actually, it was the second thing because on the first day, he did not speak to me. “On the second day, he said, ‘You can leave.’ I had not even trained and he said that. I could not believe it… He did not explain why. “He said, ‘You will not play this season, I am not going to use you, if you want to leave, you leave.’ “I said, ‘OK.’ I still tried to battle for my place. I stayed one year with him. It was so, so hard. He is one of the worst people I have worked with.” Van Gaal, after selling Rafael to Lyon in the summer transfer window of 2015, then decided to bring in Matteo Darmian. Yet while the Italy international has fared well at Parma and Inter Milan since leaving Old Trafford, he never made the grade. Recently, his name was included in Gary Neville’s list of dud signings the club have made over the past nine years. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Antonio Valencia was used as a right-back towards the end of his spell at the club. But the Ecuador international will always be best-remembered as a winger, rather than a full-back, with the veteran only used in that position because United didn’t have much in reserve. Jose Mourinho snapped up Diogo Dalot in 2018 and, upon taking the job, dubbed him Neville’s heir. "Everybody knows that he has fantastic potential," Mourinho told MUTV at the time of the Portugal international’s arrival. "I don't want to compare, especially not the number of titles but he is probably the same age as Gary Neville when he came into the first team. "Probably he can follow Neville in this dynamic of more than 10 years as United's right-back, with amazing conditions to improve, because as I was saying he's 19 years old." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Yet while Dalot is now first-choice at United, he still has much to learn in order to become a true undroppable in Ten Hag’s team. In 2019, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sanctioned a massive £50m deal for Wan-Bissaka - who arrived from Crystal Palace. But while he developed well for two years, the 24-year-old regressed alarmingly last term and has never been able to recover since. Not since Neville have United had a right-back who can shine at both ends of the pitch and make a significant impact. So, with Dest, it appears the Red Devils are hoping things can be different. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here