Newly uncovered radio communications between military commanders and Russian military headquarters have exposed the collapse in morale among troops deployed by Moscow. Ukrainian soldiers revealed they had intercepted radio messages between troops from mercenary Wagner Group and Russian military headquarters. In the communications, the soldiers repeatedly "asked for an evacuation vehicle" but the main command did not respond. One Ukrainian soldier, Tura, explained to Radio Free Europe: "After the combat, we found the enemy's radios. "We could later record their communications with commanders. "First they came as a squadron, then as platoons of 20-30 people. "After the combat, eight of them retreated." JUST IN: Ukraine: Putin humiliated as ‘precision strikes’ cuts troops off  He continued: "We could hear on the radio their commander asking for an evacuation vehicle but their military headquarters didn't give an order to come back and pick them up." The Ukrainian troops, who were fighting in Bakhmut in the Donetsk region, discussed the growing number of mercenary troops fighting in the country. One soldier, named Shynobi, explained: "They are after money, and they die for money. "We haven't seen any advanced tactics from them. The Russian Army needs to hide its losses.  "There is no other way for them but to hire criminals and use them indiscreetly as cannon fodder "They are not required to be efficient. They just need manpower to press forward." Another soldier, Valet, added: "Regular troops have suffered losses from the start of the war, and these losses have to be made up for. Hiring mercenaries is the easiest way." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin warns of 'point of no return' amid massive losses [LIVE BLOG]Putin's humiliation on show as Russian troop abandon tanks and flees [VIDEO]POLL: Should the energy price cap rise be scrapped? [POLL]  The latest intelligence briefing from the British Ministry of Defence corroborates the claims of intense fighting among the two sides in the Donbas. Particularly heavy fighting has focused on the village of Pisky, near the site of Donetsk Airport, according to the British Defence Ministry. Similarly, there is a growing risk of Russian troops in the occupied city of Kherson being cut off from the rest of the main Russian occupying forces after Ukraine says it has taken out another bridge to the region. A briefing from the MoD on Saturday said thousands of Russian troops west of the river were now "almost certainly reliant on just two pontoon ferry crossing points" for ground resupplies. READ NEXT: Ukraine LIVE: Putin warns of 'point of no return' amid massive lossesPutin's humiliation on show as Russian troop abandon tanks and fleesUkraine: Putin humiliated as ‘precision strikes’ cuts troops offUkraine fightback: Four reasons Putin is struggling in horror warWhy we can trust Liz Truss on defence, says MARK FRANCOIS 