Rishi Sunak was pressed for an answer on whether Chris Pincher should resign his seat in the Commons in order to restore the public's trust in the Conservative Party. The Tory leadership hopeful appeared non-committal on if Mr Pincher should step down as an MP, telling the reporter instead that he would "quickly reappoint an independent adviser." The former Chancellor was asked: "You're in Devon where Neil Parish had to resign from one of the largest majorities because of poor behaviour in the House of Commons. "You said early this morning that the Government was on the wrong side of an ethical issue in order to restore trust should Chris Pincher resign his seat? "Would you lead a by-election campaign in Wakefield, if Neil Parish had to resign his seat why should Chris Pincher? Is it one rule for one Conservative MP in Devon and one for an MP elsewhere?" Mr Sunak replied: "Well, I think trust is really important and standards are really important in public life. "I think honesty is important and that's why this leadership campaign even though it's not easy for me, I want to be honest about some of the challenges we face and what it's going to be required to fix them. "Now in terms of return, restoring trust into public life, I would want to reappoint quickly an independent advisor to make sure that ministers in the government are held to account for their behaviour. "That's something that's important to me, and I think the outside world needs to see that it's important to government I will lead a government that does do exactly that." Mr Pincher resigned as deputy chief whip on June 30 after allegedly groping two men at a Tory private members' club in London, and has since had the Conservative whip withdrawn.  The incident, along with revelations of other allegations against Mr Pincher of unwanted sexual advances, raised questions over Boris Johnson's handling of the situation and his statements about what he knew of previous allegations, which played a crucial role in the Prime Minister losing the support of a significant number of his own MPs and ultimately announcing he would step down. Earlier in the day, the former chancellor was asked about accusations he is a "backstabber" on the BBC Radio 4 Today programme, but said he would not comment specifically on "what others are choosing to say". Mr Sunak added: "I will tackle the broader claim that they (the accusations) relate to, because I do think there is a risk that people are looking at the last few months of the Government with slightly rose-tinted glasses about what it was really like. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Andrew Neil tears apart dim Remoaner argument [REPORT]Kigali admits it has space for just 200 migrants as UK forks out £120m [REVEALED]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [REPORT]  "Because it wasn't working as it should, and crucially the Government found itself on the wrong side of a very serious ethical issue, and, for me, also going down the wrong economic path, and that's why in the end more than 60 MPs at the last count, I think, resigned from the Government, of which I, after a lot of deliberation and months of standing by the PM, was one of them." Asked earlier this month whether Mr Pincher should remain an MP, a spokesperson for Mr Sunak's campaign said: "We need to let the independent investigation conclude. It's right that Chris Pincher has had the whip removed and cannot attend Parliament." In his resignation letter as chancellor, Mr Sunak said last month that "the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously", adding: "I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." He also outlined that ahead of a planned speech on the economy, it was clear he and Mr Johnson's approaches were "fundamentally too different". READ NEXT:More than 1,600 migrants have crossed the Channel this month'Volatile' political climate hitting drivers with petrol, diesel costsPriti Patel backs down from leadership race Priti Patel tearful while talking about sonPriti Patel shocks Tory MPs as she confirms she WON'T stand to be PM