Memphis Depay has hit the brakes on a proposed transfer from Barcelona to Juventus due to Tottenham Hotspur's director of football, Fabio Paratici. Speculation regarding Tottenham's interest in Memphis is varied, but Italian reports claim Juventus could be left disappointed in their pursuit. According to La Gazzetta dello Sport, Antonio Conte is keen to bolster his attack further, despite recruiting Richarlison in a club-record £60million deal earlier this summer. And Paratici approached Barcelona this week to scope out the possibility of signing Memphis on a free transfer. The 28-year-old forward is in talks with Juventus over a two-year contract, with Barcelona willing to terminate his current deal to facilitate his exit. And the report claims a Serie A switch entices him after Xavi Hernandez informed him he wasn't in his plans this season due to Robert Lewandowski's £42.5m arrival. He is eager to leave the Nou Camp after Xavi attempts to drown out his arrival under Ronald Koeman by recruiting several new attackers since taking charge last season. Juventus remain favourites to sign Memphis, despite Tottenham circling, as Massimiliano Allegri seeks to replace Alvaro Morata after his Atletico Madrid return. JUST IN: Juan Mata 'highly regarded by Leeds' after Man Utd exit  However, it is understood that he has been 'distracted' by the approach by Paratici and Tottenham, suggesting he would be open to a Premier League return. Spurs were ready to offer £15m for Memphis at the start of Conte's summer spending spree but could now acquire his services on a free transfer. Memphis is contracted to Barcelona until the end of the season after running down his Lyon deal and putting pen to paper on a two-year stay last summer. But depending on how hard Paratici and Spurs push to hijack Juventus' pursuit, he could be set for a return to the English top-flight earlier than expected. READ MORE: Man Utd transfer chief John Murtough given problem by Adrien Rabiot  Memphis spent two years at Manchester United after joining from PSV Eindhoven in 2015, enduring a largely miserable spell under Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho. The Netherlands international made 53 appearances in all competitions, scoring seven goals before departing for Lyon. Tottenham and Juventus' hopes of signing Memphis could become threatened if Chelsea push forward with plans to sign former Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Barcelona are reportedly only willing to let one leave this summer, so any move for either player could be imminent to prevent disappointment at the hands of a direct Premier League rival.