EastEnders announced recently that Jaime Winstone would star as a younger Peggy Mitchell, a classic soap favourite made famous by the late Barbara Windsor. The instalment will take place in 1970 and will see a young Peggy, Phil Mitchell (played by Daniel Delaney), Grant Mitchell (Teddy Jay) and Eric Mitchell (George Russo). Jaime admitted "it was scary" as she talked about making the decision to take on the huge role. The actress starred alongside Barbara Windsor before her death, depicting the EastEnders star in the BBC biopic, Babs, in 2017. Speaking to Rylan Clark and Ruth Langsford on This Morning on Thursday, she spoke candidly about her fears upon being offered the role. "What was going through your mind?" Rylan asked. "Was it like an absolute yes because you'd done the Babs stuff or was it like you said earlier, a different thing and it's not Barbara?" READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview "It's scary!" Jaime replied. "No, it's not Barbara, and it's not that sort of Carry On-esque thing that I can do. "It was scary, and I had to think about it properly. "I had big chats with my agents about it, but you know when it's an opportunity like this - Peggy Mitchell - one of the most iconic characters, the sort of landlord of our nation. "You know, it's an honour, it really is an honour for me."  "What was it like to actually be on the set of EastEnders?" Rylan inquired. "Mad!" the actress laughed, to which Rylan replied: "And also really busy?" "Super busy!" Jaime confirmed. "They work really fast, my respect for these actors and their production, how they churn out these episodes. "But we actually got time to rehearse, it was kind of shot like a play - it was written so well." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Stu Carpenter star hints at deadly fate [VIDEO]Adil Ray in fiery clash with woman who refuses to pay bills [LATEST]Martin Clunes on why it's 'good time' for Doc Martin to end [INTERVIEW] EastEnders' official Twitter account recently announced a date for the highly-anticipated episode. A post read: "The #EastEnders flashback episode, centred around the Mitchell family, is set to air on @BBCOne and @BBCiPlayer at 7:30 on Monday 5th September. "To find out more, please visit @bbceastenders on Instagram and Facebook." Viewers are excited for the special episode to air, which will explore the history of the iconic Walford family. Twitter user @lewniverse wrote: "This looks iconic!!! Chris Clenshaw has really gave life back to #EastEnders and I’m here for it." (sic) @RyanGSoapKing11 added: "I'm looking forward to watching the Mitchell flashback episode. "I can't wait to meet the 2 new characters we haven't met yet. "I think Keeble is definitely related to the Mitchells in some way but I think a few secrets surrounding Billy could also be exposed too. I can't wait!" (sic) Samantha @kally0277 penned: "The knitted tea-cosy! We actually HAD one just like it at home, and so did my grandparents on both sides! "Be intriguing to see 1979 on EE, a time I was alive but too young for any meaningful memories (beyond playing Lego on the lounge floor &getting a new baby brother)." "Presumably this will give us an insight into something that happened back then that will have an impact on current and future storylines. The one playing Phil looks vaguely like Ben - clever casting," @bezzy_boop commented. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.