John Fury has revealed he plans to 'pressure' son Tyson into fighting Anthony Joshua if 'AJ' manages to win back his world title belts from Oleksandr Usyk. On August 20, Joshua will take on the Ukrainian in Saudi Arabia in a bid to regain the WBA, IBF, WBO, and IBO belts he lost at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September. Fury, 33, insisted he was retiring in the immediate aftermath of his win over Dillian Whyte in April. His claims seemingly scuppered any hopes British fans had of seeing a long-awaited unification bout between 'The Gypsy King' and 'AJ' or Usyk. However, Fury has appeared to contradict his own vow of late, last week calling out Derek Chisora for a potential trilogy fight. He's since traveled to Iceland with dad John on an apparent mission to seek out strongman Hafþor Bjornsson and negotiate an exhibition bout. But now Fury senior has hinted that when his son will instead be returning to the ring to take on the winner of the Joshua v Usyk rematch. That clash, which would see all the world heavyweight belts on the line, would have the potential to be among the biggest in boxing history. JUST IN: Conor Benn and Chris Eubank Jnr make perplexing decision as dangers clearly spelled out "If Joshua gets the win, then it's all to play for isn't it," he told talkSPORT. "Even I'd want [Tyson] to do that, I'd pressure him to do that. And Usyk, why not? He can beat them both at a canter so why not?" And the 58-year-old revealed he is backing the British fighter to win back his world belts: "But don't be surprised if AJ pulls it off," he added. "I've got a sneaky feeling again that AJ's going to do it and he has this remarkable way of bouncing back doesn't he." DON'T MISS:Oleksandr Usyk 'uncertainty' vs Anthony Joshua addressed by WBA in lengthy statementOleksandr Usyk '15 kilos heavier' for Anthony Joshua rematch as Amir Khan fears for BritAnthony Joshua told to 'elbow' Oleksandr Usyk as Floyd Mayweather fight pointed out Bob Arum, Fury's co-promoter, has previously said his camp will see what happens between Joshua and Usyk before making a decision on the Manchester man's next move. A mouth-watering unification bout between the WBC champion and Joshua is likely to prove too big a carrot to turn down. The pair were due to go head-to-head in 2021 but the clash was scuppered when Deontay Wilder launched a legal challenge, claiming Fury was contractually obliged to fight him next. The American won a subsequent court ruling, which prompted Joshua to start negotiating with the Ukrainian for their initial bout.