Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and Nicola Peltz, 27, tied the knot in an extravagant ceremony back in April where they were watched by some of the world’s biggest stars including Eva Longoria, Gordon Ramsay and Venus and Serena Williams. Also included on the guestlist were Victoria Beckham’s fellow Spice Girls Melanie C, Mel B, Geri Horner and Emma Bunton.While Geri and Emma were unable to make the ceremony in Florida, Melanie C and Mel B flew the flag for Girl Power and watched as the oldest ‘Spice Baby’ got married.In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Melanie C opened up about the special day.She gushed: “Obviously, I can’t give much away but it was so lovely. We were all invited and I just could not miss the first Spice Baby getting wed. READ MORE:Olivia Newton-John shared ‘beautiful’ final photo with husband “I know the world saw the photographs. It was an incredible day.”Although fans didn’t get the Spice Girls reunion they may have been hoping for, Melanie teased that it could be on the cards in the future.She said: “With us girls, there is so much that we would like to do but there are four, five, people involved with families and other commitments and responsibilities   “We would love to get back on stage together, but it’s just getting everything to work for everybody. “But fingers crossed, looking ahead, that is what we would all like to happen.”Nevertheless, fans were thrilled when Sporty and Ginger Spice reunited at the Women’s Euro 2022 final at Wembley Stadium.The pair shared snaps of the exciting event on Instagram and they could be seen supporting the Lionesses and chanting with the crowd.In a stunning victory, England defeated Germany 2-1 and Melanie simply could not contain her excitement. DON'T MISSBrad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed[INSIGHT]Ellen DeGeneres opens up about former lover Anne Heche's car crash[NEWS]Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini[PICTURES] Captioning her post, the hitmaker wrote: “@Lionesses Heroes, one and all!! How incredible to watch a group of young women come together, have each other's backs, change people's perceptions and touch the hearts of the whole country.“You have inspired a generation of young women to lace up their boots and take on the boys!  “What a joy to watch this iconic moment with my fellow Spice Girl @therealgerihalliwell, We’re beyond proud. #EuroChamps #GirlPower #FootballCameHome #TheGirlsSortedIt.”In addition to this, Melanie teamed up with Booking.com to promote the benefits of travelling and to celebrate women’s football. Research from the accommodation booker found that 41 percent of England fans said travelling to watch a football match abroad opened them up to new experiences and 37 percent said it encouraged them to be more adventurous and try new things. On why she has got involved, Melanie said: “I have been so lucky in my career and I have done a lot of travelling. With the wonderful Women’s Euro, there is an opportunity to travel all over England, to places that you may never have thought of going to.” She added: “Obviously, being Sporty Spice and being a Spice Girl, we have always been very vocal about girl power and for me no more so than celebrating women’s football.” Booking.com is the Official Accommodation Booking Partner of UEFA Women’s EURO 2022™ and its campaign showcases the power of first experiences.