Queen Letizia, 49, attended the Closing ceremony of the Atlantida Mallorca Film Festival at La Misericordia Cultural Centre in Palma de Mallorca. The Spanish Queen looked radiant at the event on Sunday evening donning a beautiful black dress. Letizia wore a satin black slip midi dress from & Other Stories for just £85.  This was a new purchase for the Spanish monarch who had not been seen wearing this dress before. The dress, which was designed in Stockholm, is now no longer in stock. This is most likely because of the dress’s popularity after being seen on Queen Letizia. The description on the website says: “Fitted satin slip midi dress with a clean finish.  READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage  “Concealed zipper at the neck.” The dress is also sold in a shade of gold called “mole”. For accessories, Letizia carried a Mango beaded clutch already in her wardrobe. The Queen has carried this envelope clutch bag as far back as 2016. Unfortunately, the item is no longer in stock so it is unclear how much the bag cost.  The clutch was multicoloured, with white, black, grey and gold embroidery. This ideally suited Letizia’s simple and elegant black dress. For footwear, the Spanish Queen wore her ‘Rebeca sandals’ from Magrit Shoes. This is a Spanish brand that has existed since 1929. These shoes are another repeat wear for Letizia.  READ MORE: Why Prince Andrew and Fergie's £15million marital home was demolished They are flat sandals with fine gold and reptile print straps and Swarovksi opal crystals embellishment. Letizia was seen wearing them eight years ago in 2014. Again, it is unclear how much these shoes cost when Letizia first purchased them as they are no longer in stock. Royal fans took to social media to praise Queen Letizia’s style at the festival.  Instagram user @rachelhlhannam said: “She looks amazing!” Another @chewy_chaim added: “Love this look.” Similarly, @nes.alex03 commented: “She looks so healthy and happy.” Lastly, @isabelq42 wrote: “Perfect look! She looks fantastic!” Royal watcher @vrougreen said: "Looks better on her than the model! I love that she's wearing flats." 