In the latest viral TikTok cleaning hack trend, creators are teaching viewers how to “revive” their wooden spoons. After placing the utensil in a bowl of boiling water and bicarbonate of soda, the audience is encouraged to sit and wait for the murky fibres to float to the surface. According to one expert, this cleaning hack is doing “more harm than good”. Deyan Dimitrov, cleaning expert and CEO of Laundryheap, explained: “In reality, this hack is detrimental to the lifespan of your spoon; instead of prolonging it, the contrary occurs for several reasons. “When wood is exposed to high heat and moisture, it can fray, warp and eventually crack. “A bit like when you put a bottle of water in the freezer and the lid explodes to make room for expansion, extreme heat will not help the longevity of your wooden spoon. “Unfortunately, like chalk and cheese, sitting water and bacteria are a perfect match. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers renovate two flats in 3 months “Exposing any wooden item to moisture for long periods of time can further exacerbate splitting and fraying - and encourage bacteria to infiltrate their surfaces. “New cracks in wood can become perfect hiding places for bacteria and bits of food when you next use it for cooking.” Some TikTok videos showing this hack have raked in more than one million views. According to Deyan, the best way to clean wooden spoons is through soap and water. DON'T MISS:Homes Under the Hammer buyers renovate two flats in 3 months [VIDEO]How to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat [COMMENT]‘Perfect time’ to weed to avoid ‘mammoth’ job next year [EXPLAINER] The expert said: “The cleaning cycle of a dishwasher exposes wood to extreme heat. “You want to avoid sudden fluctuations in temperature by doing a quick and gentle hand wash at a moderate temperature. “As always, you can’t go wrong with this fool proof method. “Good old fashioned soap and water will do wonders for your wooden utensils.” READ MORE: Carol Klein shares how to keep roses in ‘peak condition’ Leaving a soaking wet wooden spoon to dry can cause them to warp and crack. Instead, the expert recommended using a tea towel or dishcloth to remove residual water from the spoon. They can then be left on the side to dry naturally. Deyan added: “A pat a day, keep the utensil in play. “To future proof your spoon, try oiling it - this is a quick and easy way to repel water, making your spoon sparkle and shine. “Make sure your spoons are completely clean and dry before oiling. “I would advise giving them a quick scrub with lemon and salt to make sure they’re completely disinfected. “Next, opt for mineral oil - feel free to leave this on your spoons overnight, and give them a quick wipe in the morning before they resume their cooking duties.”