An umpire at the US Open was forced to warn the Louis Armstrong Stadium crowd to "refrain from smoking" after Nick Kyrgios complained about "marijuana" in the stands. The 23rd seed was a set up on Benjamin Bonzi and mid-way through the second when he claimed someone was smoking the substance in the stands. Kyrgios was leading by a set and 4-3 on serve in the second when he began to take aim at the umpire, asking him to issue a warning to the crowd after claiming he had seen and smelt someone "smoking marijuana". As he retreated to his bench at the change of ends, he swiped: "You don't even want to remind anyone not to do it?" After the umpire mistakenly thought the Aussie was complaining about food that smelled, Kyrgios added: "It was f***** marijuana. Obviously I'm not going to be complaining about food stuff. Obviously not. "Obviously when athletes are running side-to-side and they have asthma already it's probably not ideal." The umpire remained quiet for the rest of the changeover, but as Kyrgios and Bonzi returned to the baseline to resume play, he issued a warning to the spectators on Armstrong to remind them of the rules surrounding smoking at the US Open. JUST IN: Dart helps Raducanu after British No 1 loses in US Open first round  "Ladies and gentlemen, as a courtesy to both players, please refain yourselves from smoking around the court," he annouced. The warning echoed the US Open's rules, which only asks spectators to "refrain" from smoking despite the grounds being smoke-free. The rules state that those attending the US Open should "refrain from smoking, as this is a smoke free environment." Substances like marijuana are not on the list of prohibited items, however, while alcohol is. DON'T MISSAndy Murray ends six-year US Open wait with comeback win over NavaNadal 'furious' at hospital video leak of wife after pregnancy scareRoger Federer's former coach feels Emma Raducanu is in 'trouble'   Spectators are also banned from bringing "any other items deemed dangerous or inappropriate by US Open personnel, in their sole discretion," though it is not clear what falls into this category. Kyrgios' complaint came after he had already been unhappy with the lack of support from his box, shouting at them to spur him on more. But the umpire's warning appeared to have the right effect for the recent Wimbledon finalist, who managed to break and take the second set 6-4 shortly after the fans were reminded not to smoke. 