On the 25th anniversary of the tragic death of Princess Diana's death in a car accident in Paris, a royal commentator has launched an extraordinary broadside about the Firm. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's unofficial biographer, Omid Scobie, said the impact of the Princess's life remains "as strong as ever". He said her short life has left "an everlasting legacy". And he described August 31 as the day "the institution of the monarchy has come to dread." He went on to add: "In the royal bubble, the memory of Diana's life has been edited and perfectly curated to suit the Firm. "Any evidence of the grim reality of her royal existence or the mistakes made that lead to her tragic end are impossible to find." He pointed out that it would be "wrong to say that the monarchy hasn't evolved at all" since her death. He looked back at the huge improvement in royal image management and presenting a more modern monarchy with a more caring approach to royal duty. Earlier, top barrister Michael Mansfield QC claimed the Princess' death "wasn't an accident" because the drivers of a mystery car and motorbike inside the Paris tunnel have never been traced. He said the inquest into Diana and her boyfriend Dodi Fayed's deaths could be reopened if new information emerged. He added: "The idea that it's purely and simply a road accident is not right. So I want to dispel that. "The truth does come to the surface in the end, but somebody's got to be looking for it in order for that to happen."  Mr Mansfield said he does think "this is not a 'case closed' by any means". An inquest, held in April 2008 concluded that Diana and Dodi died as a result of the "grossly negligent driving" of Henri Paul, who also died in the crash. A new hearing could only potentially be called if new information came to light. Meanwhile, Omid Scobie is widely regarded as an authority and champion of Meghan Markle, after he co-authored her biography Finding Freedom. Now a royal executive editor at Yahoo!, Mr Scobie was forced to step in this week after quotes from Meghan Markle in an interview with The Cut were wrongly perceived to be reflecting on Prince Charles. Mr Scobie tweeted about it to clarify the quotes were about Meghan's estranged father, Thomas Markle senior. 