With the UK in a cost of living crisis, it's more important than ever that Britons shop smart. Tom Kerridge shared the staple items that make it onto his shopping list. When hitting the supermarket, it's important to stock up on versatile ingredients, served in anything from a salad to a stew. Better yet when these ingredients are cheap and can meals go further. At a time when money is tight for many families, foods that bulk up a meal are a crucial staple of many shopping baskets. Bulking out meals with healthy ingredients is also key as this is an easy way to get sufficient nutrients. READ MORE: How to ripen a banana in just 15 minutes so it's ready to eat Tom shared his favourite ingredients that are nutritious, inexpensive, versatile, and importantly, will bulk up a meal. The celeb chef told Express.co.uk: "Try using things like potatoes, butternut squash, tinned chickpeas, butter beans and other pulses in slow-cooked dishes such as curries. "These store cupboard staples can be used to bulk out meals, making them more cost-effective. Protein-rich ingredients such as chickpeas, and butter beans keep you full when a dish is meat-free or has minimal meat. These veggies and pulses can also be used in salads, stews and pasta dishes. Another top product on Tom's shopping list is mince. He explained: "Mince is an affordable protein and you can create loads of fantastic dishes with it, from Bolognese to sauces or shepherd’s pie, cottage pie, chilli or burgers. "I like to roast it in the oven until it goes really crispy and dark. READ MORE: How to ripen an avocado in just two minutes so it's ready to eat "Once it goes all crispy, you can keep it in a Tupperware in the fridge to use later or use straight away. "Once you add it to a sauce, it rehydrates, but you’ve already got that really concentrated flavour." He suggested that Britons buy twice the amount and then batch cook. This in turn will save on utilities over time, as less time in the kitchen cooking means less use of the oven and microwave. "A little bit of structure will help save a few pennies which turn to pounds," the chef recommended. Tom's final tip was to stock up on some spices to add a little pizazz to potentially boring meals. He explained: "When I’m cooking what I call ‘beige’ foods – things like mince or beans – I love to use things like smoked paprika and chilli powder for heat. "Acid is so important in cooking too. Whether it’s from pickled green chillies, mustard ketchup or Worcestershire sauce, it’ll give things zest and zing."