 Nick Kyrgios has shown that he’s ready to back up his Wimbledon final and push on for a maiden Grand Slam title at the US Open after beating Daniil Medvedev in Montreal. The Aussie came from a set down to upset the top seed and defending champion, marking just his second career win over a world No 1 after upsetting Rafael Nadal as a teenage wildcard, and he has now shown the Spaniard he is ready to fight in Flushing Meadows. Kyrgios extended his match-winning streak on Wednesday after defeating Medvedev in a blockbuster showdown, recovering from a code violation and first-set loss to come through 6-7(2) 6-4 6-2 in just under two hours, sending last year’s champion packing. As well as winning his eighth successive match, he also notched his second win over a world No 1. It comes eight years after the first, when he stunned Nadal in the Wimbledon fourth-round as a 19-year-old wildcard making his debut at the All England Club, ranked down at world No 144. The 27-year-old appears to be in the best form of his life, and has shown the Spaniard that he is a huge contender for the US Open title following his second No 1 scalp. Nadal is unbeaten at Grand Slam level this year, winning the Australian Open and French Open before reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals, where he was forced to pull out on the eve of his semi-final with an abdominal tear. The world No 4 had coincidentally been sent to face Kyrgios in the last-four clash, but their meeting never came to be as the Aussie received a walkover into the final. JUST IN: Nadal makes sudden announcement in huge US Open hint after injury  But the world No 37 remains a threat to the Spaniard’s unbeaten streak at Grand Slams this season, starting to put himself in the list of favourites for the upcoming US Open where Nadal is a four-time champion. Despite announcing himself as a competitor with his win over the world No 1, Kyrgios isn’t focusing on New York just yet and downplayed his chances. “I mean look, a Grand Slam is much, much different to any other tournament,” he said, when asked whether the victory gave him confidence for the final Major of the year. “If I was to put myself in the position of a Grand Slam, you’ve got to win another set against him.” DON'T MISS Daniil Medvedev sends warning to Nadal and co ahead of US Open defenceAlcaraz repeats Djokovic 11-year record despite Paul loss in CanadaRaducanu urged to accept McEnroe request despite Wimbledon criticism  While he felt “confident in [his] body and mentality going into the US Open”, the Wimbledon finalist admitted that he was focusing on this week’s Masters in Montreal and next week’s in Cincinnati before turning his attention to Flushing Meadows.  “I’m not even going to think about the US Open right now,” he added. 