Prince William and Kate Middleton are reportedly making the move to Windsor this summer to live in Adelaide Cottage, so extensive decorating is likely underway to prepare the home for the Cambridges' arrival. The Duke and Duchess are thought to be seeking a residence closer to the Queen, whose main base is now Windsor Castle. But in Berkshire, the Cambridge children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will also have their pick of some of the best private schools in the country. Like all the royal residences, Adelaide Cottage is likely to reflect the quintessential regal style prevalent in Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle. And while the palaces are undoubtedly decorated at great expense, there are some cheaper ways to bring a touch of royal grandeur into your home, according to an expert. Chris Harvey, Interior Expert at Stelrad, said: “If you want to incorporate some royal touches into your home to achieve that traditional and elegant look, it doesn’t have to break the bank! READ MORE: Three royals who only wore a royal tiara once - unlike Kate and Diana  "The royal estate is known for its iconic style which will never go out of date, bringing together neutral colours and carefully crafted furniture to achieve a luxurious finish. "Although bespoke furniture pieces and golden-plated embellishments are out of the question for most, here are some interior design tips and tricks which can help you add a touch of glam into your own home." Mr Harvey recommended having a look at second-hand stores or websites "to get your hands on vintage treasures that you wouldn’t be able to find elsewhere." The royal households are full of old items and antiques in every corner, many of which have been in the Royal Family's possession for centuries.  But there are plenty of forgotten gems to be found and displayed in your own home, including everything from lamps and tables to pretty trinkets. In keeping with the royal style, the expert also recommended creating "a focal point in each room" and building the rest of the room around it. He explained: "Whether it’s a bold velvet sofa or some statement tiling, establish a focal point in each room and dress the rest of the space to compliment, staying clear of clashing patterns."  DON'T MISS:Bagshot Park: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's 120-room home [ANALYSIS]Birkhall: Prince Charles and Camilla's private Scottish home [PICTURES]A look at Queen Mother's Castle of Mey in Scotland she purchased [INSIGHT] Other tips for making your abode more regal include embracing a chandelier, adding artwork and paying particular attention to your colour schemes. On behalf of Stelrad, the expert explained: "Dress up a dull-looking room by hanging a chandelier, focusing on lighting to achieve maximum impact once the sun goes down. "Artwork and sculptures can completely transform a space, so pick out your favourite pieces or unleash your creativity by creating your own personal piece. "Picking the right colour scheme can create a high-end illusion so incorporate royal colours such as golds, deep reds, and royal blues into your home.” 