Firefighters scrambled to beat back the fire on Lockwood Road in Huddersfield after the blaze was reported at around 10.08 pm. Shocking footage from the scene has captured the moment emergency services and firefighters battled with water hoses to contain the huge wall of flames threatening to spread to nearby homes and businesses. Footage from the scene of the emergency taken by a drone shows the fire spreading through the roof the building. The structure is believed to have been unoccupied at the time of the fire. In the video, firefighters can be seen fighting the blaze from all sides with jets of water. A spokesperson for WYFRS said: "Building 25m x 25m, 50 per cent involved in fire.   "Five large jets, two hose reels and two aerial appliances used. "Due to nature of calls two further appliances and one aerial were mobilised by control prior to arrival of first appliances. "Appliances attended from: Huddersfield x two, Rastrick, Meltham, Slaithwaite, Huddersfield and Bradford aerial with support from Mirfield, Featherstone command unit with assistants from Hunslet, Skelmanthorpe welfare unit." The blaze came after a recent fire in Huddersfield gutted a college building at the end of July. YorkshireLive reported six West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service crew members, using four ambulances, were called to the empty college building between Trinity Street and New North Road around 7am on July 29. After two hours the fire was put out and crews returned to base at 9am. An eyewitness reported that they thought people were inside the building when they saw the fire. Crews from Slaithwaite Fire Station, who also attended to the scene, confirmed that after a thorough search no one was found in the building. One eyewitness, who was driving through Huddersfield when they saw sirens and fire crews at the scene, said: "There’s fire engines outside the old college building in the town centre. I couldn’t see anything really just the fire engines and the smell of smoke." On Friday morning, West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service said: "We currently have crews in attendance at a building fire the old Kirklees College Building in Huddersfield. Crews are damping down with one hose reel and one breathing apparatus in use." Slaithwaite Fire Station confirmed: "Crews from Slaithwaite joined Huddersfield and Rastrick crews at a derelict Building fire in Huddersfield. The initial incident commander requested four fire engines and made the incident 'persons reported'. "The fire was contained and extinguished using hose reels by up to six firefighters wearing breathing apparatus. "A full search was carried out and no persons were found in the building. Slaithwaite crews returned to base at 0900."