Former Aston Villa forward Gabriel Agbonlahor has told Manchester United that they must ignore the general consensus of their fanbase and continue their pursuit of Marko Arnautovic. The pundit then went on to say that he would rather have the Austria international in his starting eleven over Jadon Sancho, and that's why United should still sign him. After seeing a bid rejected by Bologna over the weekend, in the region of £6.8million, it was revealed that United had cooled their interest in Arnautovic. The news of the club’s interest in the forward was made public over the weekend, and supporters were not happy that this was the calibre of player that the club were targeting. The Athletic revealed that the Red Devils received complaints from fans about the prospect of signing the 33-year-old, with some even directly contacting chief executive Richard Arnold. Many felt that the former West Ham striker was not the man to make United title contenders once more, whilst others felt that it was wrong for United to sign a player that had been banned by UEFA for using an anti-Albania slur whilst playing for Austria. But former England international Agbonlahor has said that Erik ten Hag’s side should not have turned their back on Arnautovic. He told talkSPORT: “I don’t know who Manchester United fans think they are. Arnautovic makes that Manchester United squad a better squad. JUST IN: Man Utd 'offered Morata' in latest transfer twist to engulf Red Devils “They’ve got to stop living in the Fergie years. Manchester United now are a club who can’t attract top players, there’s talk about ‘let’s look to the future’, ‘let’s look at younger players’ – they’ve done that with Sancho, and he can’t take anyone on. He gets the ball, he passes it back to (Diogo) Dalot, he hides, he doesn’t attack players, get past players.” Sancho has struggled since heading to the Premier League from Borussia Dortmund last summer in a deal worth £73m, with both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick struggling to get the best out of the England winger. However, the 22-year-old looked like a reformed figure under Ten Hag in pre-season, though was out of sorts – like the rest of his teammates – against Brighton on the opening weekend of the new season.  Agbonlahor continued: “I’d rather Arnautovic in my team if I’m Man United than Sancho, at the moment. If he makes that team better for a season, then get him in. He’s the manager’s choice, forget about what the fans think. After he scores two goals, they’ll change their mind and opinion, they’re not shopping at Harrods anymore, they’re at a different place.” Arnautovic scored 14 in 33 Serie A league appearances last season and would have been the attacking recruit that Ten Hag is desperate to welcome to his ranks. Instead, the former Ajax boss will turn his attention to other targets, with PSV star Cody Gakpo being a player of consideration at the Theatre of Dreams.