Episode eight of Starz’s hit drama P-Valley was an emotional one for fans as the people of Missisippi Delta laid Big Teak (played by John Clarence Stewart) to rest. The actor also paid tribute to the cast as he said goodbye to Big Teak. P-Valley followed the highs and lows of the strippers and rappers in Missippi, Delta as they often frequented the iconic club, The Pynk. After Big Teak met his tragic end in episode six, Savage the fan-favourite was laid to rest in the most recent instalment. As they travelled across the country on the Dirty Dozen tour, Big Teak and rapper Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) took the day off and spent quality time together. To show appreciation to his lover, Lil Murda bought Big Teak a car and as they celebrated, they began dancing after the acclaimed rapper’s song started playing on the radio.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery  However, after the high, reality began to dawn on Big Teak after he realised his lover was in love with Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan). He also began to think about his troubled upbringing and how he lost a decade of his life in prison. As Lil Murda had been the only light in his life, Big Teak felt like he had nothing to live for seeing the rapper move on. While the two were sitting next to each other in the car, Big Teak killed himself, and left Lil Murda to sob over his dead body.   Viewers watched in tears as the emotional rapper laid Big Teak to rest at his funeral. Although he had been recently released in prison after 10 years behind bars, there was a huge turnout of people who attended to pay their respects. As Big Teak’s storyline comes to an end, the actor John Clarence Stewart took to Instagram to pay tribute to the show, thanking the cast and the crew. Alongside a clip from the funeral, the actor shared a touching caption which read: “Farewell #BIGTEAK It was an honor to tell your story in the [P- Valley ]universe. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Mercedes star shares struggles away from Starz drama [INSIGHT]  “#LILMURDA now #BIGMURDA is on a winding path.” John added: “Everyone that connected to him, that reached out, that saw themselves or felt something in his story know that [Katori hall] crafted him with you in mind from inception. “[J Alphonse Nicholson] you are the TRUTH. Been that way since grinding in NYC, and it’s a joy to see the world acknowledge your craft. You are a true Craftsman. Keep soaring.” He also thanked showrunners: “ [F. Thot Fitzgerald], [Patrik Ian Polk], [Nicole Jefferson Asher] thank you for everything.  The actor went to also pay tribute to the show’s intimacy coordinator: “ [Zuri Pryor-Graves] thank you for everything. “[Kemi Yondo] and [Nina Stiefel] you all wrote the hell out of 208.” John concluded: “It’s been a blessing to walk in Big Teaks shoes for a time, much love.” Fans also swarmed John’s comment section with praise, including a viewer who wrote: “Bravo! Episode was so good! In the name of Teak!” P-Valley is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 