The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are due to visit the UK next month to attend a series of charity events "close to their hearts". One of these is the One Young World Summit on September 5. The four-day conference aims to gather the "brightest young leaders from every country and sector" with the ambition to "confront the biggest challenges facing humanity". However, only those youngsters able to fork out £3,150 — without accommodation and travel costs — will be able to hear from Meghan throughout a series of "transformative speeches, panels, networking, and workshops". Some expressed fury over the event's ticket prices, with one member of the public calling saying it was "delusional" from the duke and duchess to think people would be willing to "waste £1,000" a day. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's UK return is 'commercially driven', courtiers 'suspect' A Twitter user under handle @pooja33719735 said: "Who in their right mind would waste £1,000 of their hard-earned cash to listen to a bunch of unqualified, preachy and hypocritical nonsense from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle? "Delusional thinking on their part!" @tj_duchess wrote: "If they truly wished to change the narrative or how others view them, to a more positive one, this isn't the way to do it. "Charging people is telling us more about who they really are and what they truly want to achieve." @stevesm55318066 added: "Save your money, they have nothing of interest to say, it's all been said before by someone else." But others pointed out the cost of the summit is in line with other events of its kind. @jld_84 said: "These summits usually are expensive. "I'm a member of a professional body and I’ve seen them charge £1,000 for an event. "It's not uncommon. The larger the event, the more it costs." According to conference organisers, the Sussexes will not get paid for the summit and 30 percent of young people attendees will be there on a scholarship. Delegates, most of whom are aged 18 to 30, either attend the summit through a partner organisation such as a university or independently. Those without support from an organisation can apply for a scholarship. DON'T MISSPOLL: Is Britain a nation of slackers? [VOTE]Prince Harry 'leading rebellion' against ‘heart of Royal Family' [REPORT]Vladimir Putin faces ‘beginning of the end’ [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, the price for returning attendees is significantly lower – £1,820 without accommodation and 2,880 with. The One Young World website reads: "Delegates participate in speeches, panel discussions and workshops about how, together and individually, we can take action to create a better world." Meghan, 41, has been an ambassador for One Young World since 2014 and is due to give the keynote speech at this year's opening ceremony in Bridgewater Hall before she and husband Harry, 37, take part in a round-table debate about equality. The duchess said of her link to the charity: "When I was asked to be a Counsellor at One Young World my response was a resounding yes. "One Young World invites young adults from all over the world who are actively working to transform the socio-political landscape by being the greater good." Some of the issues the organisation tackles, she said, are "human rights violations, environmental crises, gender equality issues, discrimination and injustice". Harry and Meghan's upcoming trip to the United Kingdom will mark their first since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. A spokesperson for the US-based royals said they were "delighted" to be coming to the UK. The duke and duchess kept a low-key presence during the Jubilee, which was the first time the two made an appearance together at a royal engagement since 2020. They were only part of one official engagement and watched the Trooping the Colour parade in London from a window, while not taking part in the carriage procession. During their September visit, Meghan and Prince Harry will also attend the WellChild Awards in London, where the duke will give an address. Before that, they will attend the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event in Germany. The couple, who live with their two children in Montecito, California, have been in the spotlight over an ongoing legal dispute about their UK security arrangements. Harry last month won his bid for a High Court review of a Home Office decision to not allow him to personally pay for police protection for himself, his wife and their kids when on British soil. His request came after the prince lost his taxpayer-funded police security when stepping back from royal duties.