Formby Beach is one of the UK’s most beautiful beaches but local residents were sad to see it covered with litter after a busy weekend. Thousands of people travelled to the Merseyside beach during the hot weather. The popular beach is owned and managed by the National Trust and is known for its beautiful golden sands. Photos from the scene after the weekend show tons of black bags, full to the brim with rubbish. There were also glass bottles scattered all over Formby’s dunes and across the beach while disposable BBQs were left discarded. The BBQs were particularly annoying for local residents as Sefton Council recently introduced an order to ban them. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade The Public Space Protection Order bans all disposable BBQs from the Sefton coastline due to the risk of fire and injury. Other items left strewn across the beautiful beach included sandals, tents and a swing ball set. One woman who has lived in Formby for 40 years told the Liverpool Echo: “We are trapped here when it is busy. “It’s not pleasant during the extremely busy days and we have to be on constant lookout to make sure nobody parks on our drive and we also get abuse when we ask people not to double park outside our house. “We just pray that it is not going to be sunny but when we get the forecast we know what is going to happen. “I don’t think anyone has a clue how to solve the problem.” The National Trust asks visitors to be mindful of local neighbours on its Formby Beach website. It says that tourists should park responsibly and observe local speed restrictions when driving in the town. READ MORE: The world’s safest holiday destination for families is a 'secret' It also asks tourists to take their litter home with them to throw away or recycle and not to honk their horn. During the hot summer weather, Formby Beach has been extremely busy with long lines of traffic spotted in Sefton. One person tweeted: “Remember to take your litter home with you. Don’t leave it for others to clean up. “This is disgusting on Formby Beach this morning.” Shona Galletly tweeted: “So sad to see overwhelming amounts of litter on sand and in sea. “Beyond disappointing to see such a lack of respect for a stunning coastline.” Disposable BBQs can be very dangerous during hot weather and fire services have warned people not to use them due to the risk of forest fires. There have also been several incidents where people have been severely injured after stepping on a discarded BBQ. In one case, a little girl stepped on a BBQ which had been left and buried under the sand.