House of the Dragon will be broadcast on Sky TV, HBO and the HBO Max streaming platform this month in the UK, US, Europe and across the planet. If you're looking to dive back into George RR Martin's latest epic fantasy series, we've rounded up the best ways to watch Game of Thrones: House of the Dragon from anywhere. The contentious final season of Game of Thrones rolled credits back in May 2019. Following a number of failed pitches for spin-off series in the intervening years, HBO is now ready to return to Westeros with a brand-new show. House of the Dragon is a prequel series set hundreds of years before the events depicted in the eight seasons of Game of Thrones. It chronicles the beginnings of the dragon-wielding Targaryen dynasty (the ancestors of Emilia Clarke's fan-favourite Daenerys Targaryen from the original series) and their own succession drama. The first season of House of the Dragon consists of 10 episodes (the same length as the first season of Game of Thrones) that will air weekly. It stars Matt Smith, Paddy Considine, Olivia Cooke and Emma D’Arcy, to name a few. The show, which is inspired by George RR Martin's 736-page epic book Fire and Blood, has been in the works at HBO in some form since 2019. The beloved author has been closely involved in the development of the new TV show, something that wasn't the case for the final few seasons of Game of Thrones and is one reason that fans were disappointed with some of the creative decisions in later episodes. If you want a taste of the upcoming return to Westeros, HBO has released a full trailer for the new series below... Set 200 years before the events in Game of Thrones, House of the Dragon is centred on the House Targaryen. After a long period of peace in Westeros, a disagreement over succession will set Targaryen family members (and their dragons) against one another to decide who should sit on the Iron Throne. Paddy Considine stars as Viserys Targaryen, the fifth king of the Seven Kingdoms – a kingdom created by his ancestor, Aegon the Conqueror, who also forged the Iron Throne with the swords of his (numerous) enemies. When it comes time to choose a successor for Viserys, a power struggle begins between his younger brother, Prince Daemon (Doctor Who and Last Night In Soho's Matt Smith), and his firstborn child, Rhaenyra Targaryen (Wanderlust's Emma D’Arcy). This succession struggle kickstarts the first civil war for the House Targaryen – also known as the Dance of the Dragon, which you might remember referenced in a number of pivotal moments in Game of Thrones. As that moniker suggests, expect to see plenty of sparring, political intrigue amongst family members to secure the Iron Thrones, and fire-breathing dragons tearing one another apart. Rumours suggest that HBO is planning to start filming a second series of House of the Dragon in late 2022, so don't expect all of the events of Fire and Blood to be covered in the first 10-episode run. With George RR Martin closely involved with the production, we should expect a slower pace than the later seasons of Game of Thrones. House of the Dragon will broadcast its first episode on Sunday August 21, 2022 in the United States. Sky has confirmed the hotly-anticipated TV show will be broadcast on Monday August 22, 2022 in the UK ...however, it's unclear whether the satellite broadcaster will air the episode at the same time as HBO in the States (around 2am due to the time difference) or whether it will only be shown at prime-time on Monday night on Sky Atlantic. We'll update this article as we learn more ahead of the House of the Dragon UK release. Sky has the exclusive rights to House of the Dragon in the UK. That's because, unlike most European countries, there's no release date for HBO Max – the US broadcaster's streaming service – on the horizon in the UK. As such, the only way to watch or stream House of the Dragon on these shores is with Sky Glass, Sky Q, Sky+ HD, or a NOW (formerly NOW TV) membership. If you're a Sky TV subscriber, you'll be able to watch on your commute on a phone or tablet with Sky Go. While nothing has been confirmed ...it seems pretty safe to assume that, just like with Game of Thrones, Sky Atlantic will air the hotly-anticipated episode at the same time as it begins in the United States on HBO. That way fans can avoid the risk of stumbling across spoilers on social media before the UK air date. If that's the case, due to the time difference, you can expect to tune-in for House of the Dragon at a pretty anti-social time (2am, to be exact). That would still tally with the August 22 House of the Dragon UK release date that Sky has already confirmed. Of course, Sky Glass and Sky Q owners will be able to schedule a recording and watch the bloody succession battle over their cornflakes in the morning. If the satellite broadcaster follows the same plan as it used for Game of Thrones, the latest episode of House of the Dragon will be broadcast a second time at prime time the following evening. For the first episode of House of the Dragon, that would be 9pm on Monday August 22, 2022. Episodes will be aired on Monday for 10 consequence weeks. We'll update this guide as soon as we have confirmation from Sky Atlantic about its plans for House of the Dragon. Regardless of whether it will simultaneously broadcast the show with HBO in the United States, we do know that it will be available on Sky Atlantic this August. HBO will air the new series on its paid-for cable channels. Unfortunately, the House of the Dragon season premiere is just a little too far away to know the timings quite yet. We'll update this guide as soon as we know more about each channel's plans for the spin-off show. HBO Max subscribers ($9.99 per month / $99.99 per year with adverts or $14.99 per month / $149.99 per year for ad-free) will be able to binge the first episode of House of the Dragon on August 21, 2022. The streaming service also has access to all Game of Thrones episodes, for those who want to immerse themselves back into the world of Westeros ahead of the season premiere. HBO Max recently upgraded the quality of Game of Thrones to 4K Ultra HD, which is not available on Sky TV in the UK. If you've planned a summer holiday or business trip in the next few weeks and don't want to miss the latest episode of House of the Dragon, you'll need to make sure you're able to stream the HBO show from anywhere in the world. Unfortunately, that's not possible with catch-up solutions like Sky Go, which offers access to your recordings and on-demand boxsets and movies from a phone, tablet or laptop when you're away from home, as this doesn't allow for streaming outside of the UK. Likewise, HBO Max subscribers who find themselves in the UK will be unable to watch on the popular Netflix rival, which won't launch in the UK until 2026 at the earliest due to the licensing deal between HBO and Sky. Fortunately, VPNs offers a low-cost way to unlock streaming anywhere in the world. The best VPNs create an encrypted tunnel for everything you do online – protecting your online data from hackers and cyber attacks, preventing your internet provider and advertisers from keeping tabs on you, and finally, allowing you to manually change your IP address to anywhere in the world. By switching to a UK- or US-based IP address with a VPN, you'll be able to access the right streaming app to watch House of the Dragon – no matter where you are! Here are a few simple steps on how to do... It's always worth checking the small print of your preferred streaming app for House of the Dragon to make sure that using a VPN to watch from abroad isn't against the terms and conditions. If you want to stream HBO Max from the UK using a VPN, you'll need a US payment method to sign-up for the subscription method. MORE LIKE THIS