Nuno Tavares is continuing to show Arsenal just what they are missing after netting his second goal in two games for Marseille. The Gunners loanee followed up his strike against State Reims last weekend with another in the Ligue 1 outfit's 1-1 draw with Brest on Sunday. After a somewhat unconvincing first season in the Premier League, Tavares was allowed out on loan to gain further top-level experience by Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta this summer. The Spaniard made no secret of his desire to reinforce in the left-back area and moved to sign the versatile Oleksandr Zinchenko before sanctioning Tavares' loan switch to Marseille. However, the Portuguese full-back has promptly set about proving he may well be good enough to feature in Arsenal's first-team. The 22-year-old Benfica product made a scintillating start to his loan stint with the French outfit last weekend, netting the second in his new side's 4-1 win over Stade Reims in Marseille's Ligue 1 season opener. If that wasn't enough to catch Arteta's eye, the full-back has followed up his debut strike with a second goal in as many matches for his new side. Tavares opened the scoring away to Brest on Sunday evening, volleying home at the back-post after ghosting into the box following a well-worked Marseille corner routine. READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Pino transfer by Emery The Portugal Under-21 international then wheeled away with his arms outstretched before finding himself mobbed by his delighted team-mates. The strike was reminiscent of his only ever Arsenal goal, in which he arrived late to net against Manchester United at the back post. Following Tavares' switch to Marseille, Arteta declared he felt confident the move would prove productive for both the player and his parent club. He said: "It’s announced it’s official and for Nuno’s development I think it’s going to be really important. DON'T MISS Arsenal fans sing Tielemans transfer chant in message to KroenkeArsenal 4-2 Leicester: Five things learned as Gabriel Jesus shinesSaliba may have played key role in blocked Arsenal transfer "Obviously we have recruited Oleks [Zinchenko] in that position and we have Kieran [Tierney] as well which is two really really good and strong players in that position. We believe Nuno’s best solution was to do that." After joining Arsenal from Benfica in a £7million deal last summer, Tavares was thrust into Arteta's first-team on more occasions than initially intended as incessant injuries to Tierney ruled him out of action for the majority of the campaign. The full-back appeared somewhat out of his depth in the Premier League however, with Arteta evidently feeling he was quite prepared for the demands of English football just yet.