Speaking with Express.co.uk, consultant personal trainer for Sweatband.com - Ruth Stone - explained how just 10 minutes of exercise a day could benefit both our health and even appearance. She said: “There’s so much research to prove that regular exercise throughout your week, no matter how little, can have an amazing impact on peoples’ health and life expectancy. Why wouldn’t you want to age slower, have a healthy heart into your 70s and live longer? “It might not seem like enough to make a difference but dedicating just 10 minutes of your day to add nearly two more years of life expectancy and the quality of life that being fit brings with it is more than worth it. “People who dedicate even more time daily to nurture their physical health and fitness can live even longer.” Her advice comes as a study published in PLOS Medicine found that completing 75 minutes of exercise per week can add nearly two years to the life expectancy of adults aged over 40. It also showed completing 150 minutes of exercise per week can add 3.4 years to life expectancy, while 300 minutes per week can add 4.2 years.  READ MORE: Blood clots: Popular over-the-counter painkiller found to 'double' the risk of clotting Ms Stone shared “simple” exercises to try at home. “Those living a sedentary lifestyle, whether it’s due to a condition, injury rehabilitation or pain management, might not think that exercising for 10 minutes a day is a viable option for them,” she said. “However, there are still a range of simple exercises for those either unable to complete or uncomfortable with doing more conventional exercises. “Consider cross-reach toe touches, seated wood chops, side bends and windmills as good exercises to start with.” She explained other ways in which 10 minutes of exercise can affect your body.   “Researchers at Brigham Young University compared the DNA of nearly 6,000 adults and found that regular exercise will help preserve your youthful looks as you age,” she said. “In fact, cells in active people begin ageing nine years later than those who are inactive. You could not only live longer, but look younger for longer too.” She said: “Regularly working out can increase the strength of weight-bearing bones, such as the leg bones, pelvis and spine. READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Four types of potato associated with an increased risk  “Without exercise, bones can become brittle and weak, leading to life-changing conditions such as osteoporosis. “In particular, resistance exercise can help prevent bone deterioration.” Ms Stone said: “The World Health Organisation found that exercising for 150 minutes per week reduces the risk of ischaemic heart disease by 30 percent.  “Additionally, it can lower the chances of developing high blood pressure and having a stroke.” She concluded: “The Brigham Young University found that active 70-year-old men and women had comparable heart and lung capacity and muscle strength to active 40-year-old men and women. “Needless to say, 30 years is an awfully long time and most people would expect the older demographic to be weaker overall. “However, regular exercise while ageing keeps the heart, lungs and muscles healthy and strong.” 