In a huge endorsement of outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Global Britain strategy, UK brands are now seen as bywords for luxury the world over, the analysis, published by Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers Hazlewoods, concluded. Drinks exports rocketed from £6.4billion in 2020 to £7.6billion in 2021 an increase of 19 percent, data indicates. Global exports of Scotch rose by £4.51billion - although 19 percent - year-on-year. Exports of whisky to the US also spiked thanks to the scrapping of tariffs imposed as part of a US-European trade dispute. The measures were in place for a year until June 2021, with exports recovering sharply in the second half of 2021. The UK is also a growing exporter of craft beer, Hazlewoods pointed out. Demand is increasing overseas, especially from the US and the Republic of Ireland, for British artisan beers. In total, 10 percent of the total volume of beer exported from the UK is now produced by independent brewers, according to HMRC data. JUST IN: Millions of Britons warned as 'giant cleaver' slamming down on economy Major independent UK brewer BrewDog saw revenue growth of 21 percent in 2021, with a continued rise in exports playing a significant role. A growth in premium non-alcoholic soft drinks and mixers has also helped UK drinks export figures. Fever-Tree, which manufactures premium mixers, saw total US sales increase by 50 percent in 2021 compared to pre-pandemic 2019 figures. DON'T MISSPutin ICBM carrier ploughs into vehicle in horror crash [NEWS]Russia to ignite 'war in Balkans' with threat of Bosnia intervention [SPOTLIGHT]Enormous smoke cloud as rockets rain down on occupied land [REVEAL] Rebecca Copping, Associate Partner at Hazlewoods, says: “The UK food and drink products punch way above their weight. “‘Made in Scotland, England or Wales’ is now seen as synonymous with luxury. “It is great to see drinks exports bouncing back from the disruption caused by Brexit and the pandemic.” She added: “Many British drinks brands have successfully drawn on their heritage image to establish themselves as premium purchases overseas. “Whisky distillers have been particularly successful in doing this but brands in other categories of drinks have also followed suit.” “It isn’t just whisky that is the UK drinks industry’s success story. “The premium quality of UK craft beers and soft drinks are also becoming valued around the world.”