Thunderstorms and areas of heavy rain will develop quite widely on Wednesday starting at 9am across southern England, the Met Office said as it warned some communities may become cut off by "flooded roads" while fast flowing or deep floodwater could pose a "danger to life". The alert impacts the East Midlands, East of England, London & South East England, South West England and West Midlands. The Met Office urged motorists to beware of spray and sudden flooding, which could lead to "difficult driving conditions and some road closures". Delays and some cancellations to train and bus services should be expected in areas where flooding or lightning strikes occur, the weather service added. There is a small chance that "homes and businesses could be flooded quickly", forecasters said, and that some buildings could be damaged "from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds". Meanwhile, there is a slight chance power cuts may occur, they added, while other services to some homes and businesses might be lost. READ MORE: Hosepipe ban mapped – Every rule you MUST follow from this weekend But the dry weather is due to end sooner than Wednesday, with some "intense downpours" expected in some parts of the country as soon as this afternoon (Sunday). Thunderstorm warnings will begin at midday on Sunday in Scotland and Northern Ireland, with subsequent warnings issued further south, including much of England and Wales, from the early morning tomorrow (Monday) and lasting until Wednesday. The alert points to the beginning of a change in the dominant weather pattern for the UK as we move into next week. Britons might feel grateful for some rain after England had its driest July since 1935 and an official drought has been declared in several areas. However, the Met Office said, thundery showers also bring with them the chance of some surface water flooding as large volumes of water fall onto dry ground and often fail to be absorbed. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Jason Kelly said: "The current hot weather will make way for a thundery breakdown from the west, which will spread south and east in the early part of next week. "Ahead of this, isolated but intense thunderstorms are possible Sunday and Monday. "The warnings highlight the chance of some places seeing around 50mm of rain falling in a three-hour period in the north, with some areas further south possibly seeing around 30mm of rain in a three-hour period. "Hail and frequent lightning are also possible as part of these downpours and represent an additional hazard." DON'T MISS‘Meteorological mayhem’ set to rock Britain [FORECAST]WW3 fears: Iran ‘closer to nuclear threshold and atomic bomb’ [ANALYSIS]The REAL Liz: How Truss will focus on delivery [INSIGHT] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On Wednesday, 20 to 30mm of rain is possible within an hour in some areas, the Met Office said, while other places could see 60mm in less than three hours. A few spots, forecasters warned, could see even more rainfall than this. The thunderstorm alerts come as drought was officially declared in eight regions: Devon and Cornwall, Solent and South Downs, Kent and south London, Hertfordshire and north London, East Anglia, Thames, Lincolnshire and Northamptonshire, and east Midlands. Yorkshire and the West Midlands are also expected to move into a drought later in August. The decision to declare a drought was made after a meeting of the National Drought Group, formed by Government and agency officials, water companies and groups including the National Farmers' Union.