Manchester United have been warned they could be making the same mistake they did with David Moyes if they cannot convince Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong to move to Old Trafford this summer. New boss Erik ten Hag is an admirer of the playmaker who the club have been chasing for several months, but Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has warned United that they may be making the same mistake they did with Moyes if De Jong does not join. The Dutchman’s preferred option reportedly would be to remain at Barcelona, but the Catalan club are looking to sell him this summer to make way for their summer signings of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Franck Kessi and Andreas Christensen. Carragher believes that De Jong not wanting to move to United is a “sobering thought” for the club, who could be making the same mistake they did nine years ago. “There may also be the fact that he [De Jong] doesn’t want to come to Manchester United,” Carragher told Sky Sports News.“Which may be a sobering thought and a painful one right now and tells you where Manchester United are right now in terms of not being in the Champions League. “Not going for the title, can’t go for the Champions League for obvious reasons so that might be a problem as well for them in terms of attracting players, I don’t think money will ever be an issue here in terms of having the ability to go buy the best players. It’s just whether those players want to come. “I think if De Jong doesn’t come and they don’t bring someone else in, it smacks a little bit of maybe David Moyes, his first pre-season when he was holding out for certain players and in the end didn’t get those players in.” Moyes’ first transfer window after succeeding Alex Ferguson in 2013 saw only Marouane Fellaini and Saidy Janko, but the Scot spent much of his first summer chasing Thiago who was at Barcelona at the time and has since gone on to enjoy success at Bayern Munich and Liverpool. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Cesc Fabregas, Daniele De Rossi, Luka Modric and Fabio Coentrao were other reported targets that Moyes had in mind while the club attempted to sign Ander Herrera from Athletic Bilbao. However the club was left with egg on its face as imposters posed as lawyers working for United to close the Herrera deal, but the club denied that they had given any agency a mandate to complete the transfer. Moyes lasted just one season in charge at Old Trafford after a failed summer transfer window which saw his side finish seventh in the Premier League table, 13 points behind fourth-placed Arsenal.