Tyson Fury has announced a new coach for his next fight, which has not gone down well with former trainer SugarHill Steward. The Gypsy King previously stated he was finished with the sport after defeating Dillian Whyte at Wembley back in April. However he has announced his intented comeback likely to be against Derek Chisora, but will prepare for the fight without his former trainer. Fury has confirmed Isaac Lowe will be his new coach via a post on Instagram. The caption read: “Breaking news Tyson select new trainer, for comback! @isaaclowe6 @derekwarchisora @frank_warren_official @toprank @gypsykingofficialmerchandise.” Steward, who has been Fury's head trainer since the second Deontay Wilder fight, responded in the comments with a simple “Good Luck with that”, with a face palm emoji, expressing his shock and disappointment regarding the decision made by The Gypsy King. Fury’s Instagram announcement also included a video explaining his reasons for continuing his boxing career. “I've decided to come back to boxing because I can be the first heavyweight champion in history to have two trilogies, one with Deontay Wilder and a second one with Derek Chisora," he said. JUST IN: Tyson Fury confirms new trainer and officially announces boxing comeback    "I always said I'd fight Derek Chisora at the end of my career and here we are breaking all records again, setting precedents and why I've chosen Isaac Lowe as my trainer is because when I was with Peter [Fury] Issac was there, when I was with Ben [Davison] Issac's always been there, and when I was with SugarHill [Steward] Isaac's always been there as well. “He's always given me information, he knows me better than anybody on the planet and we're a great team, we've always been together and we're going to finish this out together. "We've always worked very well together, and here we are about to take on a massive massive massive event." New trainer Lowe added: "Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. DON'T MISS   “It's a new challenge for me and listen I've been with you all of your career and I think I can put something new together so looking forward to it and it's a tough task but something to look forward to going forward." Lowe (21-2-3) is a former Commonwealth featherweight champion and has no previous coaching experience. It is presently unclear what Fury’s decision now means for Steward. 