  A rumour circulated, a few years ago, that smart meters gave energy providers the power to switch off a person’s energy supply remotely if they deemed a person’s supply was too high. This rumour is now circulating once again on social media, however, they now claim that suppliers would do this if people were unable to pay their bills. Countless amounts of people have shared these claims on Twitter, warning others against having smart meters installed.     One tweet from Twitter user @farleft7062 claimed: “Don’t get smart meters no matter what you do! If you have a smart meter they can cut you off anytime they want. It’s called remote disconnect. If you don’t have a smart meter they have to apply to the courts for a warrant.” Another user, @PeterMu22490448, claimed: “A smart meter does help you monitor where the power is going but has one big disadvantage - they have remote cut-off switches which means an energy company can now cut you off without having to visit your property to do it.” Currently, Cornwall Insight predicts that Ofgem’s Energy Price Cap is set to rise to £3,582 a year for typical use and then again to over £4,266 from January 2023. There have been thousands of articles published that offer “tips and tricks” to cut down energy costs, with one of the main recommendations for people being to install a smart meter in their home. Like traditional gas and electricity meters, smart meters measure a household's energy use. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rates across savings products up to 3.4% - 'Get the best deal!'     However, the main difference is that smart meters automatically send this information over wireless networks to a person’s supplier. They also come with an in-home display (IHD), which shows someone how much energy they use in real-time, and how much it's costing. Due to this, people are given the opportunity to actively reduce their energy consumption. Amid the push for smart meters, many have heard the rumours and deemed installing one “too risky” as people are concerned that they will be cut off if their bills go too high. Twitter user @BeakyCreations said: “Im actually scared to look at my smart meter now. Cooking food from fresh in oven is just too expensive now. I’m so embarrassed. We used blankets for heating last year with just heating in one room. I don’t think I can even do that this year, it's too much they could cut me off”.   Speaking to Express.co.uk Rebecca Armstrong, director, Mersey Eco Grants stated that it was understandable that people are worried because energy companies can remotely switch off supply using a smart meter, however, this is the “very last step”. She said: “For a smart meter to work, the energy company must first contact the customer to arrange a re-payment plan, with switching this off from the supply a last resort and something that will only be done remotely if the customer is not in communication with their energy supplier.” According to Ofgem rules, energy companies are required to give people a chance to pay their bills or their debt through a “realistic and sustainable repayment plan” before cutting off a supply and this will only happen in “very specific circumstances” according to Smart Energy UK. A Smart Energy GB spokesperson said: “If a customer faces financial difficulty, suppliers are obliged by their licensing conditions to discuss repayment options before taking actions such as switching a customer’s meter from credit to prepay mode or disconnecting a supply. “There are also extra protections in place for vulnerable customers.” This extra support can also include providing “emergency credit” if a person uses a prepay meter and can’t top up. READ MORE: Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000    Ms Armstrong explained that if a person has a smart meter and they fall into difficult financial circumstances, the energy provider would first replace the meter with a smart pre-payment meter which would come paired with an app to top up rather than going to a shop. She added: “The benefit of using an app to top up from anywhere, with this app also sending alerts when the balance on the meter is low.” Ofgem reiterated that switching off energy supplies is a very last resort and urged Britons who were unable to pay their bills should approach their supplier as soon as possible to discuss their options. An Ofgem spokesperson said: “If a consumer does not engage with their supplier on a debt and 28 days pass, the supplier can contact them about the possibility of disconnecting their energy supply, however, it's rare that consumers are disconnected.” A Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS) spokesperson added: “There are strict rules in place to protect consumers in debt with their energy supplier, whether a customer has a smart or traditional meter. “Suppliers simply cannot disconnect customers unless as an absolute last resort, and only then when a supplier has gone through all due process as set out by Ofgem with plenty of notice for consumers. “This includes particular protections for vulnerable consumers, such as those with disabilities and long-term illnesses, in payment difficulty, including obligations for suppliers to set up a regular instalment plan and introduce flexible repayment rates.”     In July last year, 26 energy suppliers, which at the time covered 90 percent of domestic customers in the UK,  signed a “fresh commitments” pledge which had been drawn up by the energy regulator. These energy companies pledged to increase awareness of the help available and make it easier for Britons in financial difficulties to get in touch across different contact channels, to help ensure bill accuracy, and to step up smart meter installations for prepayment customers. Ofgem stated that the smart pre-payment meter was “invaluable for such customers who otherwise risked going off-supply” during the COVID-19 lockdowns. Both Ms Armstrong and Smart Energy GB said that the benefits of having a smart meter, if utilised properly, would really help consumers manage their electricity during the energy crisis and would help Britons to save money by monitoring their energy costs and educating them on the cost of their appliances. A Smart Energy GB spokesperson said: “There are also better tariffs available for smart meters, including time of use, the consumer can also become educated on leading a greener lifestyle and can then influence the amount of energy used and when.”     