Mark Labbett, otherwise known as The Beast, revealed he has a new job after a social media user urged the quiz champion to return to The Chase US. It comes after it was reported the US version of the show had an “alarming downward trend” for its third season. The 56-year-old star participated in the ABC channel series but was "gutted" after he was not invited back to be a Chaser on the series earlier this year. Many fans have called for him to return the US version of The Chase after a 40 percent drop in viewing figures. However, The Beast has now said the call has come too late as he’s secured a job with another company. Quiz show website BuzzerBlog tweeted the viewing figures of The Chase US and shared their findings. READ MORE: Gary Lineker refuses to be 'bullied' after Euro 2022 backlash  They tweeted: "The Chase has had an alarming downward trend for season 3. It lost 33 per cent of its demo (0.32) and nearly 40 per centof its viewers (2.229M average). Hopefully the last half of season 3 does better." TV executive Jorge Andres Mondaca tweeted in response: “Bring back Mark Labbett”, prompting a debate over whether the UK Chaser’s departure caused the drop. Taking to the micro-blogging site on July 31, Mark replied: "Too late, I work for GSN now." GSN stands for Game Show Network and is a streaming service owned by Sony.  The TV executive wrote in response: “Their loss, Mr. Beast :). Hope you are well Sir.” Back in March, Mark confirmed The Chase US had introduced a new lineup and explained he would no longer be a part of the show. At the time, he tweeted: “No they just didn't renew me. No reason was offered.” He shared the news after The Chase's US account tweeted: “New season. New Chasers. DON'T MISS... Jane Fonda's 'not proud' of facelift - 'Don't want to look distorted'[LATEST]Baywatch's Donna D'Errico, 54, in bikini after being told she's 'old[PICTURES]'What the f***?' Rebekah Vardy talks fiery call with Coleen Rooney[UPDATES] "Victoria Groce, Brandon Blackwell, and Buzzy Cohen join Brad Rutter and James Holzhauer on May 3 when #TheChase returns.” Mark responded to the account, saying: “Gutted to not be invited back but really excited at the new lineup. Am expecting Brandon and Victoria to wow America." The Chase quizmaster explained he would instead be reunited with his former co-star Brooke Burns for the latest series of Master Minds in the US. Elsewhere, Mark shared some exciting news for his legion of fans Down Under for the new series of The Chase Australia. Channel Seven's hit quiz show has introduced a new Chaser on The Chase Australia. Mara Lejins, otherwise known as The Smiling Assassin, will join Mark (The Beast), Anne Hegerty (The Governess) and Issa Schultz (The Supernerd) on the upcoming season, which premieres on Seven after the Commonwealth Games. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Channel Seven tweeted: "Brace for the Chase with the newest, smartest and blondest Chaser in town: The Smiling Assassin, coming to #TheChaseAU after the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games on @Channel7 and @7plus." Mark replied: "Newest and blondest is fine. Smartest… challenge accepted." The Chase airs weekdays on ITV at 5pm.