People claiming certain Government benefits will be able to get an energy bill discount via the Warm Home Discount scheme. Eligible households will get £150 towards their energy bills. People claiming certain benefits are set to receive the payment automatically. The benefits that qualify for the £150 help include: To qualify, Britons have to be claiming one of the benefits on August 21. If someone meets the qualifying criteria on this date, they’ll be in line for £150 off their energy bills between October and March 2023.   READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society offers 'highly competitive' 5% interest on savings account If people don't qualify for the above but do launch claims for housing benefit or Universal Credit, they’ll be able to backdate these by one month. Britons will need to launch their claim by Monday September 19 to be able to backdate these two benefits to take them back to the August 21 Warm Home Discount qualifying date. As the cost of living crisis continues, Britons are encouraged to check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. The nation’s inflation rate is at 9.4 percent and is expected to reach as high as 12 percent in the coming months. On top of this, energy bills are expected to increase to around £3,500 in October which will place unprecedented pressure on households. As well as the Warm Home Discount, many Britons will be eligible for the £150 council tax rebate. The rebate has been available to all eligible households since April 1 and local authorities have until September 30 to pay all eligible households. Britons should check their local council's website and social media pages for the latest updates on when they will get the cash if they’re still waiting. The council tax rebate is available to people living in properties in council tax bands A, B, C or D in England and Wales. People can find out which band they’re in by using the postcode checker on the Government website. The Government also announced a separate £144million fund which local councils can dish out to vulnerable and low income households. There is no timeline for when discretionary fund payments should start but the guidance that has been given to councils stated that they will need to spend the money by November 30 2022 or return it to Central Government. How much each council received for their discretionary fund depended on multiple factors. People may get up to £300 to help with your bills.