Erik ten Hag has confirmed Marcus Rashford will stay at Manchester United this summer amid intensifying links with a transfer to Paris Saint-Germain. The Dutchman wasted no time in spelling an end to speculation surrounding Rashford ahead of his second game in charge this weekend. Speaking to the media ahead of Saturday's trip to Brentford, Ten Hag confidently poured cold water over Rashford's potential exit. He told reporters: "He [Rashford] is really important. You have seen from the first day I am in, I'm really happy with him, and definitely don't want to lose him. He is in our plans. He will stay at Manchester United." French reports broke on Thursday night, claiming PSG had opened talks with Rashford's camp over a potential move ahead of his 2023 contract expiry at Old Trafford. There were even suggestions that Rashford's representatives had travelled to Paris for discussions. But Rashford is understood to be happy at United and has indicated he will prioritise staying with his boyhood club ahead of fresh contract negotiations. The 24-year-old has entered the final 12 months of his current deal, but there is the option to extend it until 2024, leaving the Red Devils relaxed about the situation. JUST IN: Barcelona 'approach trusted agent' in astonishing De Jong twist United travel to Brentford on Saturday looking for their first competitive win under Ten Hag after the disappointing 2-1 defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion in his opener. He will be disappointed not to boast a bolstered squad from last Sunday via new recruits or returning players. Victor Lindelof and Anthony Martial were absent from Ten Hag's squad against Brighton at Old Trafford, with the latter's particularly felt as Christian Eriksen started as a false nine. And he has confirmed that both players will be unavailable again for the Bees clash, confirming: "The squad situation is still the same." READ MORE: Arsenal sent 'whispers' about Diaby as Gunners learn Leverkusen fee Ten Hag may not have to start without a recognised striker this time around, with Cristiano Ronaldo gradually regaining his match fitness after his second-half cameo against Brighton. And the Dutchman has hinted that Ronaldo could make his first start of the campaign in west London on Saturday. "Cristiano had a good training week," Ten Hag explained when asked for an update on the 37-year-old. "I thought he played a little bit longer than half an hour, he's had two half games, and for the starting XI, we will see tomorrow. My decision, I keep it." Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt