The Duke of York, 62, reportedly held "intense talks" with the Queen, 96, over three days at Balmoral earlier this month. Andrew is said to want to "try to establish a route back" to royal life with a new position. But royal author Nigel Cawthorne dismissed the prospect of a comeback by Andrew, branding him the Royal Family's "square peg". Mr Cawthorne, author of Prince Andrew: Maxwell, Epstein and the Palace, told Express.co.uk: “The question is, who wants him back? "Does any charity want him as a patron? Or any regiment want him as their colonel? "Would any country welcome a royal tour if Prince Andrew was on his way? "Would any new supermarket want him cutting the ribbon at the opening? "What town wants him to switch on the Christmas lights? "Is anyone gagging for him to unveil a plaque or plant a tree, visit a school? "Given the fact that it was a three-day summit, it is clear that even the palace and the Queen realise that Prince Andrew can never return to the royal frontline. "He is the royal’s square peg and it is difficult to sanction anything he can do apart from retire given the fact that any new career will have a public angle and tarnish the Firm afresh with tawdry stories connected to the Prince.” The royal author's comments come after Andrew reportedly spent three days with the monarch at her residence in the Scottish Highlands earlier in Auugst to discuss his future. A friend of Andrew's told the Sun: “He is a 62-year-old man and knows that he can’t spend the rest of his days ­sitting around at Royal Lodge in Windsor, walking his dogs and ­riding horses. "He’s thinking about what he can do. He has had discussions with the Queen about what he can do with his life. "But there are also wider family discussions.” Another source added: “He knows he let his mother down badly but he hasn’t been convicted of a crime. He wants to try to establish a route back. “He’s hoping the Queen can influence Prince Charles and Prince William, who see no way back for him. “He wanted a few days alone with his mother to talk about his future.” The Queen's second son stepped back from public duties amid the scandal over his friendship with billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. He lost his HRH style and military roles earlier this year ahead of paying millions to settle a civil sex assault case brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre. Ms Giuffre, who was trafficked by Epstein, accused Andrew of sexually assaulting her when she was 17. He has always strenuously denied the claims and the settlement was not an admission of guilt on the part of the Duke. 