It was a celebration all around on Monday afternoon as England secured gold in gymnastics with the 20-year-old scoring an impressive 14.66 in the men's individual floor final. Commentator of the Commonwealth Games Matt Baker called Jake a “legend” after his triumph.  The Commonwealth Games are in full swing with England currently second on the leaderboard behind Australia. Although England could soon be in the first place is the gold wins keep coming in. Monday saw 20-year-old Jake Jarman take to the floor to try and impress the judges with his routine. As viewers at home watched him perform incredible flips and tumbles, commentator Matt compared the gymnast to a “spinning top.”    Fans learnt the Commonwealth Games is the first major senior competition the young athlete has competed in so far. Once he gave his show-stopping final tumble, Matt couldn’t contain his excitement and predicted a high score for Jake. Shouting, he said: “For a gold medal, I think it is! “That is the best floor routine I have seen in these championships. Jake Jarman, you are a legend.”    BBC One showed highlights of his performance while he waited eagerly to see what he would be awarded. Waiting to be scored, Matt continued: “We saw him in the all-around competition produce one of the hardest vaults in the world. “The acrobatic ability of Jake Jarman is something else and he’s just 20 years old.” Jake waited anxiously on-screen to find out what medal he would be receiving alongside Felix Dolce.    A loud roar erupted from the large crown in Birmingham when it was revealed that Jake had received 14.66 from the judges. Excited, Matt exclaimed: “It’s a golden score! It’s absolutely huge. He informed viewers watching there was one other gymnast left to perform after Jake before saying his score was “unbeatable”. Jake was congratulated by his teammates as he smiled and pumped his fist into the air with pride.    Watching him celebrate his victory, Matt continued: “There is a commonwealth floor champion, Jake Jarman, we salute you. Absolutely phenomenal. “Such respect there from Felix Dolci who knows what it takes. “They’re both he same age, they’ve come through the junior ranks.” The Commonwealth Games is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.  