The 27-year-old son who recently had a baby with his partner asked his mum if he could spend Monday through Friday at her home "to get a good night's sleep". The anonymous mum has admitted she feels confused about the situation. Taking to Mumsnet, the son quickly came under fire, with many pointing out he should be at home helping his partner. Meanwhile, his own father told him to "just get on with it", calling the idea "outrageous", reports Edinburgh Live. The woman explained: "DS [dear son] 27 and his girlfriend recently had a baby. "As you’d expect they are being woken up during the night. "DS has asked if he can move back in Monday to Friday, so he can get a proper night’s sleep so he can concentrate on going to work and do his job effectively. "DH [dear husband] thinks the idea is outrageous and he should just ‘get on with it’. I feel a bit confused as to why he is even asking. "Surely other new parents don’t do this? I get sleep deprivation is hard, but I am not overly enamoured with this idea. "But I don’t want to be unsupportive either - how would you respond?" The post quickly garnered over 600 comments with the majority siding with the husband. One wrote: "You say no for the sake of his girlfriend's wellbeing. You could also sit him down and explain this is what everyone else with kids goes through." A second added: "Wow. How about he thinks of his wife’s need to get some sleep too and takes the time to do his share of the night-time care?" "DH is right. How would you have felt if he’d left you five days a week when DS was a baby?! Have a word with your son and tell him to grow up," a third commented. Another added: "You need to ask your son how he plans for his partner to get any rest while he is busy playing part-time parent." "I'm six months pregnant and I can't imagine my partner wanting to do this because we are a team. What a ridiculous suggestion. I don't think you are being unsupportive if you say no. "If you said yes I can imagine his poor partner would feel very unsupported being left with the baby five nights a week," a fifth interjected.