Tottenham have reportedly accepted they will have to shell out in excess of £42million in order to land Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo this summer, or seek to reach a loan with an obligation to buy agreement for the Italian winger. However, Antonio Conte could look to exploit Jose Mourinho's interest in four Spurs stars as the notion of a number of 'separate negotiations' has been floated. Both Conte and Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici are thought to be huge admirers of the 23-year-old attacker, who has seen an expected transfer to Juventus fail to come to fruition this summer. Spurs are now understood to be contemplating a move for the forward having learned of Roma's demands. According to ASRomaLive, the Italian outfit's chief Tiago Pinto is believed to be only willing to sell Zaniolo for an outright offer in the region of £42m or through a loan agreement which includes an obligation to buy. The north London club are said to currently be evaluating whether or not to act on their interest and submit a proposal for the player in the coming days. The Italian outlet states that Spurs have accepted such conditions set by the Giallorossi, but that doesn't appear to have deterred Conte's club from potentially seeking to exploit Roma's interest in a number of their own players. Former Tottenham boss Mourinho, who is currently in charge of the side from the eternal city, is understood to be an admirer of Spurs quartet Japhet Tanganga, Tanguy Ndombele, Harry Winks and Giovani Lo Celso. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes Frenkie de Jong transfer declaration With that in mind, it is thought Roma have not excluded the possibility of engaging in 'separate negotiations' for the four Spurs outcasts. The quartet are understood to be a number of players deemed surplus to requirements by Conte this summer. The Italian has already overseen a significant squad overhaul in the current window, in which six new faces have joined his ranks. Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster arrived on free transfers, before Tottenham completed mega-money moves for Yves Bissouma from Brighton and Richarlison from Everton. READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea 'internally discuss offering midfielder' to Leicester in Wesley Fofana swap bidChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activity Clement Lenglet has since joined on loan from Barcelona, while the highly-rated Djed Spence has arrived from Middlesbrough. Spurs made an emphatic start to the Premier League season on Saturday, coming from behind to sweep aside Southampton 4-1 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Roma themselves have also been busy in the summer window with Mourinho having added two star names in Paulo Dybala and Georginio Wijnaldum to his squad. Nemanja Matic, Zeki Celik and Mile Svilar have also been added.