The 62-year-old Scottish journalist relocated from her £800,000 seven-bedroom mansion in Dundee back in 2017 in order to move closer to London for work, after her daughter Rosie moved out. She has a brilliant home that boasts gorgeous river views and perfect walks just steps away from her Buckinghamshire home. With a net worth of $6million (around £4.9million), Lorraine Kelly was born in Gorbals, Glasgow, Scotland  and started her presenting career in 1993 on the television series GMTV. It was not until 2011 when the TV icon became a presenter and interviewer for her TV series Lorraine. Lorraine is in the spotlight every day with her mid-morning show which airs at 9am on weekdays. The Buckinghamshire based television queen resides in a beautiful riverside home in Bourne End with her husband Steve Smith and their border terror Angus and sausage dog Ruby. The village is just a stone's throw away from High Wycombe and Marlow, and boasts a stunning marina on the River Thames. Lorraine often shares glimpses of her lavish and quirky home which comes complete with a bijoux guest house nestled in her garden which is surrounded by plush green trees. The Scottish journalist was even reporting from her Buckinghamshire home during the pandemic in episodes titled 'Lorraine on Lockdown'. READ MORE: Dame Julie Walters’ quiet life in picturesque West Sussex village She even appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox with her daughter, Rosie, right from her living room. A completely different world from the ITV studio chairs where she interviews the likes of Angela Rayner and Olympic medalist Tom Daley. In one of these episodes, she revealed her love of walking along the picturesque Thames with her dog Angus. Her presence in the area is certainly noticed as she gets involved with community events such as 'Row the Atlantic on the Thames' and she often visits The Ivy in Marlow. Lorraine also likes to share an insight into her property on her Instagram. She has plenty of space in the garden for Angus and Ruby to whizz around, and country walks on their doorstep. There is a large outdoor seating area with a table and cushions for her family to relax on in the summer. Lorraine also has a large light-filled conservatory which she likes to sit in with a cup of tea. DON'T MISS: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS]Use stale bread to ‘revitalise’ your plants - ‘recommend’ way to use [EXPERT]‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [INSIGHT] It is where she held her 60th birthday celebrations back in 2019 when she organised a meal for friends and family. Her living room is cosy and full of cushions on her brown sofa that Angus can snuggle up on. Keen reader Lorraine also has an area for when she wants to delve into a good book. In a corner of the home is a chaise longue paired with a side table and lamp. The TV presenter’s love of novels is also apparent in her living room as shelves of books line the walls. Elsewhere, her white kitchen appears to be perfect – with just a single bowl of fruit on display in one photo. When it comes to the bathrooms, Lorraine revealed hers is made of marble. She has a huge walk-in shower which is more than big enough to clean Angus and Ruby too. READ MORE: Kitchen trends to ‘avoid’ for room to stay ‘timeless’ - ‘best options’ Lorraine admits to being a keen gardener and has a perfectly manicured garden which wraps around the property, plus a sprawling lawn and colourful flower beds. But the star feature of the property is the separate guest house, which is accessed via the garden. Lorraine has transformed the adjacent property into a chic cabin, which even has its own fire pit on the terrace. Buckinghamshire is just a train's journey away from London and offers a perfect place for celebrities to escape the hustle and bustle of cameras. From Tess Daley and Vernon Kay to Black Sabbath's frontman Ozzy Osbourne, there is something about the county which draws in some of Britain's most cherished icons. The average house price in Buckinghamshire sit at £815,844, although in Bourne End they are £662,949 The majority of sales in Bourne End during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £1,052,596. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £574,706, with terraced properties fetching £390,586. Overall, sold prices in Bourne End over the last year were 13 percent down on the previous year and one percent down on the 2018 peak of £670,763. Bourne End is only three miles east from the quintessentially British town of Marlow, which is famous for its excellent High Street shopping with many independent retailers, cafes and even a Michelin starred restaurant. Marlow is also well known for its art galleries and annual Marlow Regatta giving this neighbouring town quite the cosmopolitan feel. To the south of Bourne End is the National Trust property of Cliveden with its glorious gardens, maze and stunning parterre. Bourne End has a range of shops, cafes and restaurants which serve the community for day to day needs. There is also a retail park on the outskirts of town making the village popular with local businesses. There is a wide range of property options available from large river fronted country houses to character cottages that line the High Street.