Emmerdale newcomer Dan Spencer (player by Liam Fox) has certainly ruffled a few feathers since he arrived in the village. He was also quick to get on the wrong side of Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) after he slept with his mother Faith (Sally Dexter). The actor, who spends most of his time on set filming for the ITV soap, recently teamed up with his co-star Dean Andrews for another project with Channel 5. The new programme titled Our Great Yorkshire Life, saw the duo taking part taking part in a number of different activities including caving and kayaking. Liam said he has been pals with Dean Andrews, who plays Will Taylor in Emmerdale for years. However, he explained viewers rarely see them together on screen. "Within Emmerdale, we don't really have that many scenes together," Liam began. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star "We used to a bit in the garage, but we have a relationship where we talk about home, family life and friends we have in common. Stuff that isn’t about the show anyway.” "It's pretty easy,” the Dan Spencer star said when asked about his friendship with Dean. Paying a tribute to his co-star he added: “It’s easy to sit and talk with Dean. “I like the fact that he’s very blunt, he’s a proper Yorkshireman, he says it how it is that’s for sure.” "We are both actors but he’s just a bloke and we want to have some fun,” the soap star explained. He went to joke: "And not that they’re the same age but there’s something about him that reminds me of my grandad, not that I’ve told him that." While Liam admitted he has no plans to leave Emmerdale, after presenting the Channel 5 show, he admitted he would love to do more. "I'd love to do more presenting,” he explained. More stuff with Dean and more stuff on my own. DON'T MISS...Tony Blackburn speaks out as BBC blasted for ageism [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  [VIDEO]Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation [NEWS] "I love Emmerdale to bits, and I am certainly happy at Emmerdale until the end of time, but it’s nice doing other stuff as it keeps the old grey matter going. "I've got actually got a podcast about ghosts and UFOs as well. So, I'm used to being a bit daft." When asked whether he’d like to do another series of Our Great Yorkshire Life, Liam beamed: "100 percent, absolutely. Without a shadow of a doubt. "I think I'm at an age now where I want loads of adventures.” He added: "You know I’ve got Emmerdale, which is fantastic, but if they let me when I’m not filming, I’d love to do little bits and bobs here and there." Liam’s character, Dan is currently having trouble with his daughter Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) who has just found out she’s pregnant. In recent scenes, the teenager was forced to come clean to Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) after she bumped into her at the doctor's. Charity is horrified when she discovered the baby is her son, Noah's (Jack Downham), and to make matters worse, Amelia is further along in her pregnancy than she is letting on. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.