As temperatures continue to rise up across the country, lawns may be looking a little worse for wear. Dry, hot weather can turn lawns from looking green and vibrant to dusty and brown. While gardeners may be tempted to dowse their lawns with water during the hottest times, this may not be the best way to tackle dry spells according to lawn specialists. Below is all the information gardeners need to know on when to water grass to keep the lawn luxuriant and avoid wasting water. Making a lawn green and thick requires a little work, as well as knowhow about when to water grass. Donnie Shelton, owner of Triangle Lawn Care said: “Water is obviously the lifeblood of any healthy lawn, but it can be difficult to understand when to water your lawn, how much to water it, and overall best practices.” He noted that timing “is important when watering grass in order for your efforts to have maximum effect”, and to conserve a precious resource. Donnie said: “During the summer I generally recommend always watering in the early morning, or in the evening as a second-best option. READ MORE: ‘Best way’ to prune for ‘healthy’ plants - ‘prevents diseases’ “If you water your lawn during the middle of the day, especially in the summer, the sun will end up evaporating between 25 and 40 percent of the water, which means your lawn will most likely be underwatered. “By watering when the sun isn’t as intense it ensures most of the water has time to seep down into the roots of the lawn.” If gardeners have to water in the evening, don’t leave it too late, so it has a chance to dry out. “Overnight leaf wetness can benefit fungal pathogens,” says turfgrass and horticulture science specialist Eric De Boer PhD of Simple Lawn Solutions. With the hot weather, lawns shouldn’t necessarily be watered daily - every couple of days will be enough if you ensure the grass' root system is properly soaked. DON'T MISS: ‘Effective’ tip to keep wasps away with ‘DIY powerful repellent spray’ [EXPERT]House issues that can devalue your property by 20% - ‘major turn-off’ [INSIGHT]‘Clever’ features that will add the 'wow factor’ to kitchens for less [TIPS] This is better than a quick watering every day which will quickly dry out. Donnie advised against watering lawns too often as he said: “I generally recommend watering twice a week if you haven’t had significant rainfall this week.” Eric agreed: “Generally, it is a good practice to water deeply, as infrequently as possible, without completely stressing your lawn “Light, frequent irrigation applications keep the upper portion of the root zone and thatch layer moist. “This can encourage the germination of weed seeds, give fungal pathogens the necessary moisture to grow, and it can also prohibit proper soil aeration.” READ MORE: Weed killers: 'Effective, eco-friendly' weed killers to make at home Walking on the lawn will give a good indication of when the grass needs water. Eric explained: “It is a good practice to wait until your lawn begins to show mild symptoms of water stress before deciding to irrigate. “This is apparent when you walk on the lawn in the evening and your footprints don’t bounce back but stay visible on the lawn for an extended period.” Many factors will influence the frequency with which grass should be watered. The expert noted: “These factors include species of grass, soil type, and climate. “As a broad generalisation, cool season grasses will require irrigation more frequently than warm season grasses. This is because warm season grasses use water more efficiently than cool season grasses. “Soil type will also affect irrigation frequency. Sandy soils, low in organic matter, have a limited ability to hold plant-available water and drain quite freely. “Clayey soils, on the other end of the spectrum, can hold much more water than sandy soils, but clays can hold some of the water so tightly that the water isn’t available to the lawn’s roots. Eric also explained that the climate also plays a role as sunny, windier days with low humidity will result in much more evaporation and plant transpiration compared to muggy days with stagnant air.