Manchester United's hopes of signing Red Bull Salzburg wonderkid Benjamin Sesko appear to be in tatters amid reports that Red Bull Leipzig are closing in on an agreement to sign him next summer. The Red Devils and Chelsea are among a host of top clubs to have shown an interest in the Slovenian, who is tipped for a bright future. Sesko's name entered the mainstream earlier this summer when United, Chelsea, Newcastle United and others were credited with interest in the teenager. He made sure that people respected his football ability, too, by scoring an eye-catching winner against Liverpool in a pre-season friendly. While meetings had been held between Sesko's agent and a cluster of interested sides, Salzburg supposedly remained adamant that any deal this summer would not be feasible. Now, transfer insider Fabrizio Romano claims that RB Leipzig are poised to strike with the German club 'closing in' on an agreement for the striker that would see him move to the Bundesliga in 12 months' time. Sesko is supposedly happy to stay in Austria for another year, where he has made a fast start to the new campaign with one goal and one assist in three league matches. The youngster's future could be confirmed this week. JUST IN: When Chelsea will bid for Frenkie de Jong as Man Utd target makes 'preference' clear  Leipzig have a solid reputation for developing young talent and cashing in when the time is right, meaning top sides could have another pop at Sesko in a few years' time. Lepizig have also agreed a permanent £25.3million deal for Chelsea flop Timo Werner, with the German set to return to his former club imminently. Missing out on another exciting target will come as a painful blow for Red Devils fans with Erik ten Hag's transfer priority, Frenkie de Jong, also on the verge of slipping through the net. Chelsea are thought to be the Dutchman's preferred destination due to the prospect of living in London and the lure of Champions League football, although staying at Barcelona remains a possibility. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with Barcelona after £72m Man Utd agreementChelsea prepared to test Leicester resolve with second Wesley Fofana transfer bid United have moved onto alternative targets as Sky Sports report that a fee has already been agreed in principle with Juventus for French midfielder Adrien Rabiot. Personal terms still need to be negotiated for the 27-year-old whose mother and agent, Veronique, is known to drive a hard bargain. Recruitment in attack will also be crucial for Ten Hag with Cristiano Ronaldo's entourage still trying to find him a new club before the summer transfer window slams shut. Stuttgart's Sasa Kalajdzic and Bologna's Marko Arnautovic are both thought to be options, with the Red Devils poised to increase their opening bid for the latter after the first was rejected.  Instability and uncertainty behind the scenes is matched by what fans saw on the pitch for United's curtain-raiser against Brighton. A quickfire double by Pascal Gross left Ten Hag with a mountain to climb on his Premier League bow, and an Alexis Mac Allister own goal after the break was not enough to prevent a humiliating 2-1 defeat for the former Ajax boss. "It is a hell of a job [before us]," admitted Ten Hag after the final whistle. "We have to work really hard, analyse and then move forward. Today was a good start and then after that we dropped down a level in belief and we made mistakes that the opponent punished. But it was a good opponent, we [tried to] work well together but when you make mistakes you get punished for that."