Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has hit back at reports that he was at the airport to fly to London and complete his Chelsea switch this week. The former Arsenal star was spotted flying out of Catalonia which many took as an indication that his return to the Premier League was imminent. The Blues and La Blaugrana have been locked into negotiations for Aubameyang for some time without achieving a breakthrough. It is thought that Chelsea want to introduce Marcos Alonso as part of the deal so that if they can't land their own target, Barca can't sign theirs either. The Spanish side are keen to see Alonso conducted as a separate transaction given that many of the agreements have been in place for weeks. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims that the two sides remain in direct contact but neither is willing to compromise on their position as yet. It looked as though the deal was on the verge of being completed when Aubameyang was spotted at Barcelona-El Prat airport on Thursday, but the 33-year-old was seemingly bound for a trip to Paris to take care of a personal matter. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £8m offer, Chelsea eye Fofana follow-up deal, Arsenal exit Aubameyang addressed the rumours on social media, saying: "Sometimes people forget there is life as well, not only football!!!" It is thought that the veteran forward has already agreed personal terms with Chelsea and the move now rests on the two clubs. He only signed for Barca seven months ago after a spat with Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta saw him shipped out of north London. Aubameyang could have the last laugh by coming back to play for their local rivals, who are crying out for an experienced presence up top. DON'T MISS...Leao's stance on joining Chelsea as Todd Boehly prepares 'new offer'Man Utd prepare Asensio bid with Ten Hag 'determined' to land starMan Utd star Casemiro explains key part John Murtough played in Madrid exit The Gabonese and Thomas Tuchel have already worked together at Borussia Dortmund, where Aubameyang enjoyed one of the most prolific spells of his career. The goals haven't dried up in La Liga, either, as he racked up 11 in 17 matches during the second-half of last season. Despite signing him for free, Barcelona are reportedly demanding around £25million, which is significantly more than Chelsea want to invest. Tuchel has favoured Kai Havertz up top so far this season but he also has an exciting young option in Armando Broja waiting for his chance from the bench. Even so, the Chelsea boss fuelled the flames of speculation by discussing his close relationship with Aubameyang. "This is totally separate from anything that is happening now, but I enjoyed a lot working with Auba while I was at Dortmund," revealed Tuchel earlier this month. "Some players stay your players because you were very, very close. And Auba is one of those players. There was always straight away this close bond. They always stay your players in that way."