Danni Menzies was on hand to help semi-retired builder Martyn and prison manager Sharon their dream holiday home in the sought-after Algarve, Portugal. With a budget of £160,000 to play with, the A Place in the Sun host lined up five properties which fit the bill so that the duo could enjoy a break in the sun with their family and friends. However, when Danni showed them a two-bed apartment in Albufeira, she was taken aback by their prompt shut down. Fresh off the back of the lukewarm reception she received for her first option in Cabanas de Tavira, Danni thought she’d fare better with a two-bed apartment in a different part of the Algarve. The A Place in the Sun star took Martyn and Sharon to Albufeira to look around a two-bed apartment located on the fifth floor of an apartment block. However, from the off, Martyn wasn’t impressed, taking issue with the apartment’s curb appeal and noticing how the paintwork wasn’t as up to scratch as its neighbouring block. Danni tried to assure him it was in line for a “facelift” next year which was enough to convince Martyn and Sharon to look inside - although they didn’t hang around for long. READ MORE: POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup? As soon as the pair stepped foot inside the apartment, it became clear they had no interest in viewing the rest of the property Despite being valued at £145,872 - well under the pair’s budget - Sharon pointed out the “vibe” wasn’t wowing them. “So what do you think when you get in here?” Danni put to the duo who stood in silence for a few moments. “It’s probably not what I was expecting but different,” Sharon diplomatically replied before Danni quizzed again: “How do you feel about the space, the outlook?” “Compact,” Martin emphatically said. “Whether this is quite what we’re looking for, I don’t know, it’s not floating my boat.” As Sharon went to speak, Danni could feel her reluctance towards the apartment as she weighed in: “You were quite quiet there, Sharon. I was wondering what you were thinking." “I was taking it in, I’m looking around and taking it in,” she again said standoffish before Danni tried one more time to win them over: “Do you think that the modern style can win you over on that front?” But Martyn had had enough: “The modern style yes, but I think… The exterior, it looked to me like a concrete jungle and this is just a modular being put inside. DON'T MISS:A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down over Craig Rowe property choiceA Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history'Hate it!' A Place in the Sun guest leaves Laura Hamilton gobsmacked “A modern version of what was there before and it’s not really doing anything for me. “It’s not the ‘Wow Factor’, it’s an ‘Ow Factor’,” he brutally critiqued. Sensing the pair’s tone, Danni conceded and asked: “Do you want to see any more of this one?” “No,” they both replied in unison, refusing to continue the tour of the apartment.  Danni was particularly taken aback by the reception they gave, telling Channel 4 viewers: “That really did not go well. “I have to say I’m a little bit shocked by Martyn and Sharon’s reaction to this one - but if they don’t like it, they don’t like it.” In the end, Danni failed to impress with any of the properties she had lined up due to problems with noise and outside space. Martyn and Sharon decided not to move forward with any of Danni’s picks and continue to search from home. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.