Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were blasted by Angela Levin during an appearance on GB News as the royal expert branded the rumours of a vow renewal as “unkind”. The ceremony will take place in America, as reported by heat and Angela pointed out that if the renewal was to go ahead it would be an insult to both the Royal Family and British royals. Angela began: “My view is that they want to show what a 'real proper wedding' is going to be like. “They said they wanted something very American when their wedding was rather American. “It is also because Harry loves America so much that they wanted to re-do it. “In other words, I think if you read between the lines, it is ‘blow you’ in the UK.” Read more: Meghan 'boasted' to classmates that she would be 'Queen of Bolivia' Angela referred to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s royal wedding watched by 18 million in the UK. “Never mind you spent £32 million on our wedding - and blow you the Royal family,” she continued. “We're going to do it our way, we want to do everything our way and this is one of the things that are most important. “I thought it was a bit unkind. I think really, they're not necessarily doing it for themselves but they're doing it for Netflix.” “It will make a very good documentary or addition to what they're doing. And then you think well could they have sought something original, something more interesting,” she continued. “We don't really want to see the whole thing again.” Angela questioned how many members of the Royal Family will be invited as well as “showbiz people they don't know”. The royal expert questioned whether some people would decline invites from the couple. DON'T MISSGMB host asks Princess Diana investigator 'Sure it was accident?' [INSIGHT]Dame Deborah James' mum shares panic over Prince William visit  [VIDEO]Strictly Come Dancing confirm date launch show will air on BBC One [INTERVIEW] “I feel a lot of people wouldn't want to because in America at the moment they feel really sorry for how they've treated the Queen,” she remarked. “I’ve had loads and loads of letters telling me this, saying that, we can't stand it because why is she being so hurtful to the Queen at 96, and I think that is really penetrating into the American people.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s media team announced earlier this month that the couple will be returning to the UK in September. Meghan and Harry will visit Manchester for the One Young World Summit before travelling to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event. The couple will then return to the UK for the WellChild Awards. Angela commented: “This is also a sort of mock royal visit… “And then they're going quickly to Germany because it's a year before the next Invictus Games, and all this to me sounds very much like it's Netflix.” Nana Akua airs on GB News from Friday to Sunday at 4pm.