A Place in the Sun couple Mark and Peter were looking for a property in Maspalomas, in Gran Canaria, on Friday's instalment of the Channel 4 programme. They had a budget of £80,000 and hoped Danni Menzies would be able to find a home which ticked all of their boxes. However, the search got off to a rocky start when the pair refused to look around one apartment.  Mark and Peter met online 12 years ago and have been holidaying in Gran Canaria for the past decade. They wanted to buy a property to enjoy getaways with their families and beloved cockapoo, Rosie. Danni picked out an apartment in a bustling area to show the pair as the search got underway, but before entering the building Mark fumed: "It's not us, it's so busy, it's so noisy. "The apartment is going to have to be something very fabulous." The couple reluctantly agreed to have a look inside the apartment, which was on the market for £89,000. READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview The cosy one-bedroom apartment included an open-plan living room and a shower room, but the couple lambasted it. Peter remarked: "If you like being out and enjoying the nightlife, which is not our cup of tea, it's ideal." A deflated Danni told the pair: "We've hit a dead end, haven't we?" When she asked if they wanted to see any more of the property, Mark bluntly said: "No, we don't want to see anymore."  Following the short viewing, the property expert said: "It was a complete flop, I have some serious work to do." The second property looked more promising as it boasted three bedrooms and a spacious living area. "I can see there are things which need doing but they are not major things," Mark said as he inspected the apartment. The hillside home was on the market for just under £88,000 but Mark and Peter felt it was missing something and ruled it out as a contender. DON'T MISS...A Place In The Sun bombshell Danni Menzies stuns in naked bath pics  [PICTURES]'Embarrassing and scary' Danni Menzies furious as she's cat-called [LATEST]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies dismayed as duo refuse to see home [MUST SEE] The third option, which was on sale for £95,000, impressed Peter and Mark more than the others but they felt "it was too commercialised" for them. The fourth property, priced at £95,000, had recently been renovated and included three bedrooms. They thought it was a "lovely" property and "very well put together" but they told Danni the balcony was "too small" and wrote it off. Danni was hoping she would be able to dazzle the pair with her fifth and final property which was a one-bedroom apartment with a communal garden priced at £84,000.  Danni admitted the property needed a little updating, and the following day Mark and Peter both agreed there was too much work which needed doing to put in any offers. "I'm a bit gutted as it all came down to that last property," Danni added. "I'm disappointed we didn't make it happen for Mark and Peter but I am looking forward to their next move and wish them the very best." A Place in the Sun airs on weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4. 