In the first episode of her podcast Archetypes, Meghan Markle revealed a horrifying incident, whereby she recalled a fire had broken out in her son Archie's room in their South African residence whilst he was under the care of a nanny. Whilst commentators have questioned the Duchess' account, a source close to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry confirmed to The Citizen that there was a fire where the Sussexes were staying with Archie in 2019, and claimed Meghan "bolted into the house" upon arrival at the property, following a royal engagement. The source said: "The heater burned. The house didn't burn, the rooms didn't burn. I didn’t see the fire itself, but I saw the heater when it came out of the room. The plastic was severely melted." The source added: “When we got to the house, the house-keeper called me and showed me the heater that was burnt and told me what had happened. [They said] that the child was not in the room at the time the heater burnt, they smelt it, went up, and saw the smoke." The source recalled seeing a "scared" Meghan arrive back at the residence. READ MORE: Scobie blasts 'confusion' over Meghan interview and DENIES she said Harry 'lost his dad' “When we stopped at the residence, I can tell you that she didn’t get out of the car like a lady that normally gets out. She bolted into the house.” The source, who was part of a small team looking after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, claimed that, following the incident, the family could no longer stay at the residence. They added: "What was significant is, we immediately moved out of that house. "But the second place, where they went to, was not even five minutes away from the official residence where we were stationed and none of us were told where they were staying after the fire.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle voices concern over Archie attending UK school: 'I have a problem with that' Meghan recalled the incident about the fire to Serena Williams on her new podcast. The tennis professional, and Meghan's friend, was the first guest on Archetypes. In the highly-anticipated podcast, Meghan will investigate the labels that try to hold women back. DON'T MISS Queen issues 'deeply saddening' news as she carries on working [REVEAL]Give poor Harry and Meghan a break and let them live their lives WHALE [COMMENT]Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well' [INSIGHT] Meghan recalled the incident about the fire to Serena Williams on her new podcast. Meghan and Serena William discussed ambition, with the Duchess claiming that she did not realize ambition could be considered a "terrible" quality in a woman until she started dating Prince Harry. The podcast is set to have a dozen episodes. At the end of the first episode, the Duchess revealed that she would be joined by singer Mariah Carey in the second episode. READ NEXT: Meghan and Serena William discussed ambition, with the Duchess claiming that she did not realize ambition could be considered a "terrible" quality in a woman until she started dating Prince Harry.