Manchester United are, according to reports, considering a surprise swoop for Leicester striker Jamie Vardy. Though the 35-year-old is approaching the twilight years of his career, he remains a prolific Premier League goalscorer. Yet he already made it clear earlier in the summer that he saw his future at the King Power Stadium, rather than Old Trafford. Manchester United want a new forward this summer, especially with Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future at the club still up in the air. The club have already lost Edinson Cavani on a free transfer, with the Uruguay international departing after two years at Old Trafford, while Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection. In recent days, United have been linked with a range of different forwards - including Alvaro Morata, Marko Arnautovic and Ciro Immobile. Yet The Athletic say Vardy is now a name under consideration, despite Leicester’s reluctance to part ways with their prized asset. United previously raided the Foxes for Harry Maguire back in the summer transfer window of 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. But while the Red Devils can be forgiven for eyeing Vardy, who has netted 133 goals in 272 appearances during his time in the Premier League, the striker himself said earlier this summer that he was happy at his current club. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything “At the end of the day, first and foremost, my priority is Leicester City and it always will be,” Vardy told FootballJOE in July. “That's what it comes down to: making sure I give my all day in and day out for Leicester and long may that continue. “My priority is Leicester. I've still got another year left on my deal and fingers crossed if I can carry on getting the goals, still playing well and keeping fit, that can be extended to later down the line.” United, as one of the biggest clubs on the planet, can offer Vardy a grander platform to play his football. Yet that doesn’t necessarily mean their pursuit of the player will be successful. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Vardy was on Arsenal’s radar back in the summer transfer window of 2016, shortly after firing Leicester to the Premier League title that year. But he ended up turning down the Gunners, while later explaining his decision by saying: "I've always said the brotherhood at Leicester is unbelievable. "Personally I feel I have a lot of unfinished business here. It wasn't that big a decision, it was quite easy, this is where I wanted to be." Arsene Wenger also elaborated on his former side’s failed pursuit of Vardy, admitting last year that Arsenal offered ‘a lot of money’ to the forward. “I offered him a lot of money at the time,” he said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Leicester had just won the championship in 2016, and [Vichai] Srivaddhanaprabha at the time, who unfortunately after had the helicopter accident, did absolutely not want to lose him and they offered him a longer contract and approximately the same money, if not more.” When quizzed on whether Vardy would have fit his system, Wenger added: “We had more of the ball, yes, but still around the box, the timings of his runs, he finds the space. “When you see the big strikers, they’re on the move when others stand still in the box, and he has that. “You see they read (the game) earlier than others, they anticipate better, they understand quicker than other people what’s going on, and (he has) that quality of anticipation, that speed of understanding.” United’s current plight means Vardy may decide Leicester is a better place to play his football. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Brendan Rodgers recently admitted the Foxes has held talks with the 35-year-old about potentially extending his contract. “I think there have been talks but I can't confirm anything more since I last mentioned it,” he said. “I’m not sure where that's at. “His appetite is still there. Jamie's obviously got this season and we would like to extend that of course. “But that's something the club and his representatives will look at.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here