Chainsaw Man is one of the most highly anticipated new animes of 2022. The latest anime from MAPPA - the studio behind Attack on Titan season 4, Jujutsu Kaisen and In This Corner Of The World - is an adaptation of Tatsuki Fujimoto's hugely popular manga. The first trailer for the Chainsaw Man anime was revealed in June 2021 to huge fanfare, but then fans had to wait for over a year for more news to drop on the show. This month though Chainsaw Man fans have been rewarded for their patience, with a new trailer being revealed as well as confirmation of the release date. So when is the Chainsaw Man anime out? Here's what fans need to know and more.... In August MAPPA released trailer 2 for the Chainsaw Man anime - which was the first new trailer in over a year. Besides showcasing fresh - and dazzling footage - of the Chainsaw Man anime the new trailer also confirmed the release date. The Chainsaw Man anime will have a release date in October 2022. Crunchyroll previously confirmed that they would be simulcasting the Chainsaw Man anime, and have said that the show will be available to stream outside of Asia in October too. So episode 1 of the Chainsaw Man anime will be available to stream on Crunchyroll in the UK at some point in October 2022. Speaking about the new trailer and release date the Crunchyroll Twitter posted: "The Chainsaw Man PV we've been waiting for. Watch it on Crunchyroll this October!" When Chainsaw Man airs later this year the episodes you'll be able to watch first are the subtitled episodes. These will be simulcast on Crunchyroll with dubs appearing later. Crunchyroll has confirmed that dubs will be available in languages such as English, French and German. MAPPA has not confirmed how many episodes will be the first season of the Chainsaw Man anime. But it's rumoured that Chainsaw Man season one will be a two cour affair, with up to 24 episodes in total. If that's the case it would be the same amount of episodes as the first season of Jujutsu Kaisen. Ahead of the Chainsaw Man anime release dare it's rumoured MAPPA has another Chainsaw Man event planned. According to the rumour mill this event will be taking place on September 19. However, this event is believed to be a top-secret event that only select people will be able to attend. This news comes via the Shonenleaks and WSJ_manga Twitter accounts. The @WSJ_manga Twitter posted: "Chainsaw Man will be holding a special and secret event on September 19th to commemorate the upcoming broadcast of the TV Anime. "A total of 10 people will only be invited and will have top-secret information revealed." While @shonenleaks tweeted: "A huge CSM Anime Event revealing top-secrets will be held on September 19th".