Millie Bobby Brown will return as Eleven for one more season of Stranger Things. The 18-year-old star has come a long way since she first fronted the series in 2016. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about her nationality and where she was born. Millie came back into the spotlight as the show’s main protagonist, Eleven, for the enticing fourth season of Stranger Things. The model and actress has been nominated for a number of awards for her role in the Netflix hit series. She is also known for her roles in Godzilla: King of the Monsters and the Netflix film Enola Holmes. The star is British, but she was born in Marbella in Spain in 2004, as the third of four children. Her parents, Kelly and Robert, are both British and they moved back to England when she was four. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stu Carpenter star hints at deadly fate They settled in Bournemouth but moved to Orlando in Florida when she was eight years old. Since beginning Stranger Things, many fans have seen her speak in her British accent in interviews, as well as in her appearance as the titular character in Enola Holmes. She recently gained attention for her accent wavering between British and American in interviews, most recently at San Diego Comic-Con. Language experts at Babbel spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her "code-switching". They said: "The fluctuations in Brown’s accent are expected, given the amount of time she has spent imitating an American accent since childhood, as well as the considerable amount of time she’s spent in America from a young age. "Brown became so accustomed to performing with an American accent, that she struggled to switch back to received pronunciation for Enola Holmes." Given she is still a teenager, this is completely normal as her accent is still at its most malleable. The Babbel experts continued: "In the most recent season of Stranger Things, we’ve had the chance to hear Brown’s American accent in more depth. "While Eleven has a very limited vocabulary in the first couple seasons, she becomes more conversational by season four and some voiceovers towards the beginning of the series show off her successful American accent in great depth." DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [VIDEO] Stranger Things bosses tease huge season 5 change [INSIGHT] Are the Stranger Things cast friends in real life? [EXPLAINER] While, like many of her co-stars, Millie worked with a vocal coach to perfect her voice and accent for Stranger Things, the original inspiration for her accent came from an unexpected source. The experts explained: "Millie Bobby Brown cites Hannah Montana as the original basis of her American accent. "She found that imitating characters that she connected with from popular TV shows and movies acted as a personal challenge that helped her fine-tune her proficiency - an effort that has certainly paid off." Millie is not the only star of the show to impress viewers with their American accent. British actor Joseph Quinn became a fan-favourite as Eddie Munson and he wowed fans with his accent. Vecna actor Jamie Campbell Bower is also British in real life, as well as Jonathan Byers star Charlie Heaton. Season five of Stranger Things is in the making and Millie is also working on the second Enola Holmes film. The star will also be playing Princess Elodi in the 2023 film Damsel, for which she also has an executive producer credit.  Stranger Things season 5 is in the making for Netflix.