Virgin River continues to be a huge hit on Netflix and Alexandra Breckenridge has left fans in awe as Mel Monroe. The series has grown from strength to strength with season five already in the making. Alexandra has a whole host of major TV credits to her name, including the long-running series, The Walking Dead. One of the saddest departures in The Walking Dead was that of Jessie Anderson (Alexandra Breckenridge) who watched her son get killed by zombies. She then got killed by zombies herself in what marked one of the show's most tragic moments. Alexandra opened up about how she found out her character would get killed off and why she was so sad to leave. She did not know when she first got the job that Jessie would eventually meet her demise. READ MORE: Virgin River plot hole: Mel should have known Jack is the father Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, she found out she would be leaving the show when she started filming season six. She said: "I think he was just giving me the heads up so I didn’t unnecessarily plant myself in Atlanta, like get a long-term rental. "He was just trying to be nice and give me the heads up, but I was super sad." Alexandra was looking into apartments in Atlanta when she was told by showrunner Scott Gimple she would be leaving the show. She added: "We were at a cast dinner and I was just talking about looking into apartments and he said 'Oh, you’re looking at apartments. Oh, I should talk to you about that, actually'. "I looked at him and I was like 'What?!' And he said, 'I’ll call you on Monday.' So I sort of left that dinner a little bit devastated. "I was like, oh, no — my character’s dying. Damn." On her character's death scene, she said it was a "super sad" moment as her character watched her child die. "I can’t think of something worse, I really can’t. It’s just excruciating, and so being in the moment as an actor was just horrifying," she added. After Jessie was killed off, Alexandra said she could no longer watch the show because it features so much death. DON'T MISS... Virgin River season 5 theory: Two newcomers arrive after Lizzie clue? [THEORY] Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 [INSIGHT] Virgin River season 5: Ricky’s replacement sealed [DISCUSSION] She told HollywoodLife: "After having done several very dark television shows and now having a family of my own, I'm really happy that I'm on a family-oriented show because it's just much more of my mood than The Walking Dead an American Horror Story – which are still both fantastic." This was after she went on to appear as Sophie in the popular series, This Is Us. She added: "After I got pregnant with my son I just can't watch so much death. It just bums me out! I'd rather watch This Is Us." Alexandra's Jessie caught Rick Grimes' (Andrew Lincoln) eye when he first arrived in Alexandria, the new refuge for survivors following the loss of the prison. Jessie and Rick formed a romance that was cut short when walkers flooded into Alexandria, killing Jessie's sons Sam (Major Dodson) and Ron (Austin Abrams). Rick then had no choice but to cut off Jessie's arm when she was attacked by walkers. He needed to free his son, Carl (Chandler Riggs), from her grip and had no other choice. She starred in seasons five and six before moving on to Virgin River.  Virgin River is on Netflix now