A man in his 20s has died after he fell into the River Thames yesterday (August 26). The Met Police have said that officers were on a routine patrol at around 10.30pm, when they were flagged down on Kingston Bridge. They were called to a verbal altercation between a man and a woman who knew each other, with one accusing the other of theft. As the man was being arrested, he "entered the water", police said. He had not yet been placed in handcuffs, they added. A multi-agency response to find the man was launched, involving the Met's Marine Policing Unit, National Police Air Service, London Fire Brigade and the RNLI. The man was recovered from the water at around 12.30am. He was treated by paramedics but was pronounced dead. His family has been informed. Police cordons remain in place, and their enquiries are ongoing. The Met's Directorate of Professional Standards have made a referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct. It comes after a 41-year-old man died in hospital earlier this year after jumping from a bridge into the River Thames when he was Tasered three times by police officers. Oladeji Adeyemi Omishore, 41, from Pimlico, was involved in a confrontation with Met Police officers on Chelsea Bridge on June 4. While he was recovered from the River Thames, he died the following day in hospital. A video caught the moment a man, who appeared to be holding an object in his right hand, was shouting at two police officers. One of the officers fired a Taser and the man fell to floor. When he tried to get up, he was shocked a second time, and then a third. The man leapt over one of the barriers towards the edge of the bridge while being pursued by police. He then vaulted over the railings and into the River Thames. The Met have referred the incident to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) who have now launched an investigation. Mr Omishore's family said it is "incomprehensible" that the officers involved were not being investigated for any professional misconduct or criminal charges, arguing that the Taser use "amounted to excessive use of force". 