UK lawns will be parched and brown instead of the velvety green stripes gardeners typically have in mind. Water is essential for keeping grass green but in the event there's a shortage there are still things gardeners can do to give their lawn a helping hand. Without regular watering, grass growth will be slow and it's best to leave it be.    If gardeners do want to keep their grass looking neat they need to make sure they mow it on their lawn mower's highest possible setting so they don't cause any further damage. It's best to avoid carrying out law maintenance care like aeration or scarification too until it rains or any hosepipe ban gets lifted. Here's the latest expert advice on what to do as part of your lawn care routine this summer and get your grass back to looking good. David Hedges Gower, chairman of the Lawn Association, has shared his top tips on how to make your grass grow greener again, particularly after summer heatwaves. READ MORE: Francis Tophill shares why you don't have to water grass in summer  David established his successful lawn care company in 2004 and has since taken the topic of lawn care to a new level, creating unprecedented access to modern lawn care expertise. One of the first tips is to water lawns. David explained: “The easiest way to green up your lawn is, of course, to water, from a sustainable water source wherever possible. It's best to water late evening as grass grows most at night during hot weather.” This also avoids the water from evaporating. A commonly asked question at this time of year when it comes to how to make your grass greener is ‘does a lawn need feeding during summer?’ The lawn pro said: “The answer is yes. But always use an organic feed. It will be safe and start working as soon as it rains.” When it comes to mowing, unless lawns are parched and brown gardeners can keep mowing but they need to make sure they do it properly. David warned: “A blunt blade on your Lawn mower will add to any grass stress. Soon you could even be mastering how to mow stripes on a lawn.” DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [TIPS]Philip Schofield’s quiet life at his £2.2 million Chiswick home  [INSIGHT]  Grass forms a protective canopy over soil and the shorter gardeners mow, the more likely it is the soil will become baked and compacted. Raise the mower height as high as it can go to let grass absorb more food and water. According to David, soils are “key” to lawns and need air for their root systems, so it is important to learn how to aerate a lawn. The expert said: “This will allow better use of water, fertilisers and inevitably lead to greener grass.” Another “key aspect in getting greener grass” is to work with nature, says David. He explained: “Heavy rain requires more aeration to take water away from the surface. Dry spells affect soil too by reducing air space, so rebalance with correct aeration techniques.” All too often gardeners realise too late in the day that grass is looking withered when the weather gauge has already hit high and the midday sun is blazing. Instead, plan ahead by checking the weather forecast and watering at the right time of day. READ MORE: Use ‘cardboard’ hack to ‘effectively’ get rid of weeds ‘quickly’  Chris McIlroy of The Grass People advised: “Avoid watering your lawn during the hottest period of the day. “Most of the water will simply evaporate. Watering it during cooler parts of the day, like the morning or night time, will be much more beneficial.” Pro Lawn Care MD Richard Salmon suggested giving lawns a good soaking once a week, rather than little and often “as this method could lead to evaporation before getting to the soil where it's needed”. The reason a lawn is brown is usually due to a lack of water exacerbated by excessive heat. Richard advised: “The solution is to water the lawn to rehydrate the soil. Natural rainfall will green it up better than any other form of water as it doesn’t contain any chlorine.” Failing that, gardeners can irrigate a lawn from a watering can.     There are plenty of simple ways to collect rainwater, such as with a water butt or rain barrel, so that you can use it on your lawn. It's also a good idea to apply a liquid or granular feed as part of your recovery plan for how to make grass greener. Richard said: “Applying a feed will help the lawn recover after a period of drought. “The use of nitrogen and other vital nutrients will encourage the grass to produce green leaf growth and root growth to aid recovery. If it's short of available nutrients it won't recover as quickly. “I'm confident that lawns will continue to thrive and adapt to the changing climate. Now more than ever we need to appreciate the benefits our lawn brings to our lives, such as producing oxygen to help us breathe, removing Co2 from the atmosphere, capturing dust and pollen, and cooling the air around us.” If the worst happens and the lawn doesn't recover, gardeners can always find out how to plant grass seeds and how to repair lawn patches so they can carry out a quick repair job.   