Phillip Schofield has taken to Instagram to share an update after he underwent "pioneering and expensive" surgery on his eye. The This Morning host, 60, told how he 'shed a little tear'  celebrating the outcome of his surgery after suffering from “debilitating floaters” in his vision. Earlier today, Phillip shared an update with his three million followers, revealing his eye following the operation. The This Morning star posted a selfie from a car as he celebrated the result of the surgery. He wrote: "Still a very dilated right eye BUT 100% floater free in both eyes!!! "For the first time in years... a beautiful clear blue sky. READ MORE: Piers Morgan mocks Meghan Markle's podcast as it's given one star "Result!" he added alongside happy emojis, before revaling he "shed a little tear" looking up at the "blemish free blue sky". Yesterday, Phillip revealed he had undergone surgery in a bid to be "floater free". Sharing a snap of himself post-op, the star smiled as he was surrounded by the medical team. “Now my right eye is done!” he wrote. “Thank you Prof Stanga & his amazing team. “If the success of my summer is to be ‘floater’ free, that’s good enough for me,” he added, alongside some smiling emojis. Following the surgery, the ITV presenter revealed that he had found a genius way of protecting his eye while he slept. The star shared a snap of himself lying in bed with a pair of ski goggles over his eyes, one of which had a bandage on. DON'T MISS... APITS's Jasmine Harmans reacts as she's told 'not to wear mini dress' [INSIGHT]Stacey Dooley announces she's expecting first child with Kevin Clifton [BREAKING]Kevin Bacon issues sad family update after suffering tragic loss [UPDATE] Phillip wrote: "'Sleep on your back to protect your eye', No way can I do that... so... "Ski goggles! Genius", he added alongside a laughing face. Clearly in high spirits, the star donned a woolly hat, writing: "May as well go all in." He had previously explained that he was undergoing elective limited pars plana vitrectomy surgery at the Retina Clinic in London. In July, he explained: “These floaters have literally blighted my otherwise brilliant eyesight. “For the first time in many years, right now, I’m looking at a clear blue sky, it is mood/mind and life changing for me. “People who don’t have terrible floaters won’t understand what they do to your head and until now they really haven’t been taken seriously. “Today I have a blood shot eye that will last 2 weeks and an intense regime of eye drops for a month… but my floaters are 100% gone.” Phil added that the treatment was “pioneering and expensive”, and that he paid full price for it.