The Duchess of York bought the mews house in Mayfair, London from the Duke of Westminster. Sarah Ferguson, commonly referred to as Fergie, is the ex-wife of Prince Andrew, Beatrice and Eugenie's father.  Sources told The Sun it is considered “a long-term investment for daughters Princess Beatrice and Eugenie”. The house had formed part of the Grosvenor Estates portfolio, but has now been transferred to Fergie. The house, which reportedly cost £5 million, is thought to be the family’s only property in London. A spokesperson for the Duke of York told the newspaper he had not personally been involved in the purchase.   But the purchase has raise questions as to how Fergie afforded the luxurious accommodation, after previously speaking of financial woes. In 2010, she told US TV she was “continually on the verge of financial bankruptcy”. Representatives for the Duchess confirmed the purchase yesterday but refused to provide specific details, including the final price. The purchase has not been published by Land Registry officials as of yet.  READ MORE: Meghan wedding struggle 'after rude' to aide  The Duke of Westminster, 31, who sold the property to Fergie, is godfather to Prince George and is one of Britain’s richest men thanks to inheriting his father’s £10billion fortune in 2016. A source told The Sun: “This is a beautiful home — it’s not huge, but it’s picturesque and in one of the very smartest areas of London. "It had previously been a couple of flats but has been converted to a single property. “If the girls are going to inherit it at some stage they’re extremely lucky.  DON'T MISS:Archie Battersbee's parents to 'fight' for son's 'final moments' [INSIGHT]Boy dies in Kent funfair horror as police confirm 'serious incident' [COMMENT]Archie Battersbee life-support withdrawal DELAYED [PICTURES] "It’s a short walk from the best bars and restaurants in the city, beautiful parks and other hot spots. But God knows where the money has come from — everyone thought they were totally skint.” Fergie and Prince Andrew purchased a home in Ascot, Berkshire, following their marriage which was later bought for £3million more than the asking price. The Duke of York had also been attempting to sell his £18million ski chalet in Verbier, Switzerland, in a bid to cover some of his legal costs following a settlement over allegations brought by Virginia Giuffre. Prince Andrew strongly denies all allegations. Fergie and Prince Andrew divorced in May 1996 after splitting in 1992. Sarah was stripped of her royal title after the divorce was finalised, but the pair are said to remain close friends and co-parents to their daughters. 