The 67-year-old hosts his radio show every Sunday but confirmed next week would be his final show after 14 years. Paul’s fans have shared their heartbreak towards for BBC Radio 2 for taking his show off air once again. Sharing a photo of himself in the studio on Instagram, Paul told his fans: “Penultimate show today. “Hope you’re enjoying the sun unless you’re somewhere where it’s raining then ignore that #teampogradio @malprin." Furious fans were quick to comment with Fran raging: “Not again, why don’t radio 2 just leave your show on the air, I stop listening when you're not on! X.” “I don’t like this whole 13 weeks on 13 weeks off thing. Radio 2 did a bit of a miss step there,” Ali added. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed Fan Jayne posted: “Oh no, Sundays are not the same without you. I shall keep radio silence (on Sundays) till you are back. Enjoy whatever you'll be doing.” Glyn commented: “How can your run be almost over already?” “I hate it when you go radio 2 Is becoming no go area simon mayo Steve Wright you on part time,” (sic) Karen shared. The BBC has since confirmed Paul will be leaving Radio 2.  Paul said of his time on the BBC: “I’ve loved doing my Sunday afternoon show for the last 14 years and I’m going to miss my listeners as well as the fun I’ve had with my producer Malcolm Prince, but I feel that now is the right time to go.” Helen Thomas, Head of Radio 2, added: “I’d like to thank Paul for so many years of his brilliant Sunday afternoon show. “I’m sorry to see him go, but I wish Paul the very best of luck for the future and hope to work with him again as the door is always open to him here at Radio 2.” DON'T MISS...Paul O’Grady’s health update as he blasts Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak [INSIGHT]Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [LATETS]The Archers’ star June Spencer, 103, announces retirement after 70+ [UPDATE] Earlier this year, fans were annoyed when he was pulled from his regular radio spot and replaced by Rob Beckett. Paul explained it was simply part of a new “regime” at the BBC which would see him on air for 13 weeks before taking a 13 week break. Meanwhile, Paul has paid tribute to the late actress Olivia Newton John on his Instagram page. Paul captioned the photo: “I’ve just heard about the passing of Olivia Newton John. “What lousy news. She was such a lovely lady and I know she was loved by so many as Sandy in Grease but for me she’ll always be Betsy Mae in ‘Sordid Lives’ R.I.P Olivia.” Fans rushed to share their condolences too. “So sad..such a big part of my teenage years,” Elaine McLachlan commented. “I always remember Terry Wogan calleing her Olivia Neutron Bomb because she was so gorgeous and talented, sad news, RIP,” user Limone Lemons added. “A lovely wholesome lady who had such dignity she will be sadly missed. RIP,” Lesly Julian shared. Lula Bella wrote: “Lovely photo of you both, such sad news.” Paul's final show on BBC Radio 2 will air on Sunday 14 August.