Madonna, 64, is a fan of divulging her raunchy side on social media, notably in the form of images on Instagram, most recently alongside her rumoured model boyfriend Andrew Darnell. She didn’t hold back in a recent 50 Questions with Madonna YouTube video, where the Holiday singer unveiled some of her darkest secrets. She could be seen walking in her home in her tiny black corset outfit and fishnet tights combo. Madonna finished the look with a blazer on the top and red gloves while wearing nothing underneath. One of the questions she was asked was: “If you could only wear one thing for the rest of her life, what would it be?” The singer immediately responded, saying: “My 24k gold vibrator necklace.” READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life She didn’t end the confession there, however, going on to cheekily claim that her zodiac sign was “sex.” Once more, she was asked what her current favourite obsession was as well as her guilty pleasure, and she answered for both questions: “sex.” It comes after Madonna split from her boyfriend Ahlamalik Williams, 28, in April this year following a three-year romance with the dancer. An insider told The Sun at the time that she had thrown herself into her busy social life following the split and was trying to move on. The source said: “They spent months together on tour and in lockdown, but now he has moved out of her home. “With them both working on other things, it was hard to keep their romance alight.” Since this time, Madonna has been spotted with her reported new man, 23-year-old Andrew. The model is signed by agency IMG which boasts the likes of Kate Moss and Bella Hadid. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [OPINION] Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICS] Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [BBC] Aside from being a model, Andrew put his acting skills to use portraying Sylvester in HBO’s teen comedy Betty from 2020 to 2021. The superstar herself has an extensive dating history, having previously been married to Guy Ritchie and actor Sean Penn. In the same YouTube video, the singer explained she had regrets about both marriages, and didn’t believe herself to be ready for either of them. The interviewer asked Madonna: "What's a decision you made, that looking back, maybe wasn't the best idea?" Madonna hastily replied: "Getting married, BOTH times." She was married to Sean from 1985 to 1989 and Guy from 2000 to 2008. The star shares son Rocco, 22 with Guy, as well as David, a Malawian child they adopted in 2006. Speaking to The Sun in 2015, Madonna confessed: "There were times I felt incarcerated. I wasn't really allowed to be myself. "You've got to find someone who accepts who you are and is comfortable with that."