As a future Queen Consort, Kate Middleton has been allowed to wear three of the Queen's most precious tiaras since joining the Royal Family in 2011. Traditionally royal brides are lent a diadem from the royal collection to mark their big days, but since her marriage, Kate has also been allowed to wear tiaras at formal state events where she is representing the Queen. Express.co.uk takes a look at the three tiaras Kate has worn publicly: the Cartier Halo Tiara, the Lover's Knot Tiara and the Lotus Flower Tiara. Kate Middleton reportedly favoured a sweet flower crown for her royal wedding in 2011, but it seems she was swayed by a demure diadem in the royal collection - the Cartier Halo Tiara. The Cartier Halo Tiara first belonged to Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother, but it has also been worn by Princess Anne and Princess Margaret during the Queen's reign. The tiara is characterised by its intricate and dainty scrollwork, and it is bedecked in hundreds of diamonds. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma  Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, said: “The Cartier Halo tiara made up of 739-brilliant cut diamonds and 149 baguette diamonds is also dubbed the 'Scroll Tiara' due to its 16 graduated scroll elements. "King George VI commissioned Cartier to create the tiara using the diamonds and platinum he had purchased for his wife three weeks before their coronation. "The current Queen was given the tiara as an 18th birthday present and went on to lend it to the Duchess of Cambridge to wear on her wedding day when the tiara had its most iconic moment." As for the value of the stunning piece, Ms Borrowman adds that "it is now worth over £1million.”  The Queen's Lover's Knot Tiara features several stunning pearl drops, and it was a firm favourite of the late Princess Diana. In recent years, however, it has been the go-to tiara of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge for formal banquets and state receptions. Adele Narcisi, Gemmologist & Design Consultation at Queensmith said of the precious piece: "The Lover’s Knot Tiara that we see the royals wear today is actually a 1914 replica of an earlier piece - and the location of the original tiara is believed to be within an unknown private collection. "The design of the Lover’s Knot is grand and punchy - ornate, bow-like diamond motifs top around 20 exquisite, teardrop-shaped pearls that hang between further diamond embellishments. "The Lover’s Knot is just as romantic and whimsical looking as it sounds, and is believed to be valued between £2million or £3million."  Kate famously wore the Lotus Flower Tiara to welcome China's President Xi Jinping to a state banquet at Buckingham Palace in 2015. Before the Duchess fell in love with the piece, the Lotus Flower Tiara was beloved by the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret. Ms Borrowman said: “The Lotus Flower Tiara takes its name from the striking lotus flower elements that characterise the piece. DON'T MISS:Burmese Ruby Tiara: 'Exquisite' £5million tiara features 96 rubies [INSIGHT]Grand Duchess Vladimir Tiara: Queen's £10million diadem [ANALYSIS]Lover's Knot Tiara: 'Romantic' pearl tiara beloved by Diana and Kate [PICTURES]  "It features overreaching arches and a single pearl at its pinnacle. "Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother had the tiara commissioned from a Garrard’s diamond necklace she received as a wedding present from her husband. "It is one of the more versatile royal tiaras that could be worn lower on the forehead as well as high atop the head in a tall hairdo. "This tiara is worth around £4million or more.” 