Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Pursue an unexpected moneymaking opportunity on the 1st; this is a fantastic opportunity to establish long-term financial security. Finding ways to work smarter, not harder will become a productive trend starting on the 3rd. Cutting out time-wasting activities will make you a hot commodity on the job market. On the 8th, avoid family conflicts like the plague; when a relative triggers you. The Full Moon on the 11th stirs up trouble in your social network; be sensitive to a friend's economic challenges. The 14th brings an exciting opportunity to climb the career or social ladder, apply for a high-powered job or attend a big party. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You're ready to shock the world on the 1st with a bold move; it feels great to defy the public's expectations. Excellent news about a wish fulfilled arrives on the 7th; it's time to celebrate with supportive friends. A pleasure trip may be cancelled or postponed on the 8th; treat this disappointment as a blessing in disguise. The Full Moon on the 11th puts an end to an unstable career matter; more extensive and better things are ahead. Accept a generous relative's help on the 17th, when they offer to help you forge a more rewarding path. Starting on the 22nd, you can devote more time to creative pursuits. Gemini (May22/June21) Starting on the 3rd, you'll devote more time, money, and energy to domestic matters. A golden career opportunity in a creative field will become available on the 7th. The Full Moon on the 11th brings an unsatisfying end to a legal matter. Instead of dwelling on this setback, forge a new path. A secret art project fills your heart with joy on the 16th. Starting on the 19th, you'll feel compelled to overhaul your personal life, whether changing your appearance, finding a new job, embarking on a spiritual practice, or relocating to another part of the world. Be realistic about how your family will react to a career plan on the 20th. Cancer (June22/July23) Friendship could turn to romance if you're so inclined on the 2nd. An opportunity to take a trip you've always dreamed about arrives on the 7th; go for it. Turn a deaf ear to an imposing rival on the 8th; it's essential to stay true to yourself on this high-pressure day. The Full Moon on the 11th brings a surprising expense; you have lots of great moneymaking ideas that help satisfy this bill. Working with a romantic or business partner on the 14th helps you draw nearer to a cherished goal. A fantastic career offer is worth accepting on the 17th; this job will be financially and creatively fulfilling. READ MORE: Best place to live in the UK for each star sign - 'Perfect place' Leo (July24/Aug23) Your bold professional approach sets you apart from the crowd on the 1st; go big or go home. Don't let a forbidding romantic or business partner dim your fire on the 7th; your passion paves the way for a happier life, with or without them. An uneasy alliance reaches its breaking point on the 11th when the Full Moon urges you to choose between your personal and professional happiness. Don't give your power away to an oppressive person on the 14th. A fabulous travel opportunity arrives on the 17th; grasp it with a grateful heart. Starting on the 22nd, your ability to attract exciting moneymaking opportunities will significantly improve. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Pour every ounce of energy into a romance or creative project that makes your pulse pound on the 1st. Being spontaneous will pay off handsomely. Starting on the 3rd, your input will be in great demand; take this opportunity to give presentations, expand your client base, and broadcast your work. Friendship could turn to romance on the 7th if you're so inclined. On the 11th, the Full Moon brings a stressful work assignment to an end, giving you more time for fun. Don't worry about losing a source of income that was more trouble than it was worth. Your star power is highlighted on the 22nd.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) You'll turn heads wherever you go on the 7th; this is a great time to go to a big social function. A relative resents all the time you're spending on your public life; take time out of your busy schedule on the 8th to meaningfully connect with this family member. On the 11th, the Full Moon brings a painful conclusion to a creative project. A lack of funding made it difficult to do justice to your work; set aside what you've done so you can revisit it later. Your best friend, romantic partner, or business colleague helps you realise a cherished wish on the 17th; teamwork makes the dream work. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A passionate romantic encounter takes your breath away on the 1st. Let your best friend, romantic partner, or work colleague introduce you to a hobby, restaurant, book or movie on the 2nd. Head off to a secluded hideaway with someone special on the 7th. Don't discuss private matters with anyone but your closest friends on the 8th. The Full Moon on the 11th marks the end of an unfortunate domestic case; it's time to break free of an oppressive relationship. An ardent admirer will make a romantic overture to you on the 14th. The 17th is a perfect day to go on a job interview, give a professional presentation, or ask for a raise. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Starting on the 3rd, career negotiations, job interviews, and professional presentations will go extraordinarily well. If you want to relocate, the 7th is a perfect day to find one you love. The Full Moon on the 11th brings some upsetting news about a work matter; looking for a new job will relieve stress-related health problems. A long-term work assignment boosts your financial power on the 14th. On the 17th, a romantic encounter will make your eyes sparkle with delight. You will be inspired to pursue a potential business or romantic partner on the 19th. Your professional reputation starts to soar on the 22nd. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Financial limitations make you wary about taking risks on the 7th; make a bold move regardless of what your bank balance says. On the 8th, do your best to support a loved one who feels emotionally fragile. The Full Moon on the 11th brings an end to a demanding job, giving you more time for the activities you enjoy. Be open to receiving love, tenderness, and gifts on the 14th, especially if you feel anxious. Resources for a down payment become available on the 17th, allowing you to buy a home, car, or other major purchase. A glamorous travel opportunity is worth taking on the 22nd; this trip gives you a wonderful chance to share your expertise. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) An admirer will send you a flirtatious message, generous gift, or both on the 17th. Get started on a bold creative project on the 19th; it will be a great release for you. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Working with a romantic or business partner will keep you alert and pleasantly productive starting on the 3rd. The 7th promises a fabulous day when a beau showers you with affection. Creative projects will go exceptionally well on this magical day, too. A shocking secret will be revealed on the 11th, sending out shock waves through the community; the Full Moon shines a light on someone's sinister motives. If you want to get a raise or increase your rates, set your sights on the 17th when you can get paid what you are worth. Don't expect your romantic partner or best friend to read your mind on the 20th.