Stacey Dooley has taken to Instagram to reveal that she and her beau Kevin Clifton are expecting their first child. The Strictly Come dancing star, 35, said that she was "delighted" in a post she shared with her one million fans. Sharing a snap of her blossoming bump, Stacey wrote: "Gaaaaaaang..... "We are having a baby! "So b***dy delighted. "Kev, you're magic, I love youuuu. READ MORE: Piers Morgan mocks Meghan Markle's podcast as it's given one star "(Was becoming impossible to hide and if one more person asks me if I've had my t*ts done in LA I'm gonna scream) "Here goessssssss," she ended the post. Stacey's celebrity friends and fans flocked to the post to leave congratulatory messages. Her Strictly Come Dancing beau Kevin was among the first to comment, writing "Love you," alongside a red heart. Kevin's Strictly colleague Dianne Buswell wrote: "Congratulations", while Graziano di Prima commented: "Whaaaaaaatttt?!!! OMG SO HAPPY FOR YOUUUUU." Nancy Xuxi penned: "THIS IS AMAZING", as Amy Dowden added: "Yayyyyyyy the best news for two beautiful souls! So happy for you both." Strictly judge Motsi Mabuse commented: "Oh wowww, so happy for you and @keviclifton, congratulations my friend." As Joe Sugg wrote: "Omg amazing news!! Congrats to you both." DON'T MISS...APITS's Jasmine Harmans reacts as she's told 'not to wear mini dress' [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson, 55, hits out at dating app after she's 'banned' [ANALYSIS]Kevin Bacon issues sad family update after suffering tragic loss [UPDATE] Kevin Clifton also took to his own Instagram page to share the happy news. He told his 358,000 followers: "We’re having a baby! "And I think my girl @sjdooley looks beautiful pregnant." Stacey looked radiant in the snap which saw her affectionately cradle her bump. Once again, Kevin was inundated with well wishes from his friends and dedicated followers. Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid simply left a row of red hearts, while Christine McGuinness wrote: "Oh wow congratulations @sjdooley you look beautiful." While Strictly pro Nadiya Bychkova added: "Congratulations so happy for you both." A Place In The Sun's Lee Juggurnauth commented: "Congrats".