West Midlands Police have released video footage showing a pair of shockingly brazen van thieves operating in Coventry. The clip shows one of the thieves helping himself to tools through the side door of a white van, before shifting them into a silver car where his accomplice sat behind the wheel. As half of the duo returns to the van to retrieve more tools, he spots a witness recording the incident and appears to pose, flexing for the camera, before continuing the looting. The second thief also spots the camera, throwing his middle finger up and then exposes his backside, ‘mooning’ the witness, before fleeing the scene.    The pair reportedly smashed a window to gain entry to the van on Fred Lee Grove at around 11am on 1st August. It is estimated the thieves pinched £600 worth of tools from the vehicle in broad daylight. West Midlands Police released the footage on Monday in an appeal for information on the incident. A caption above the video read: “We’ve released video footage showing the bare-faced cheek of thieves stealing tools from a van in broad daylight as one ‘moons’ through a car window at witnesses.”    The police revealed they believe the men are connected to a wider group of thieves targeting vans in the area of Coventry after a spate of similar incidents were reported. West Midlands Police suggested the group may have already targeted over 40 tradespeople across the region. Detective Inspector Stew Lewis of Coventry Police said: “We’ve had a bit of fun with the video in the hope it will be widely shared and generate information about who might be involved, but these offences are no laughing matter. “These brazen thieves have stolen tools worth thousands of pounds; tradespeople have been left out of pocket and badly inconvenienced.” Read more: Police aren't social services, they need to go back to protecting us Police aired concerns that the group involved in the van thefts may be prepared to use violence as CCTV footage had captured members flaunting possible weapons. Det Insp Lewis said: “They’ve also brandished crowbars and metal batons during some of the thefts and we’re concerned they may be prepared to use violence. “We need to find these thieves. If you think you recognise them, suspect who may be involved, or have been offered tools for sale in suspicious circumstances, then please get in touch.” After posting the footage to social media, web users reacted with shock to the audacity of the thefts. One wrote: “Lowlife theiving scum..hopefully WMP will have their arses in court real soon.” Another said: “Cheeky b*****ds!” A third wrote: “Modern Britain - literally don't care who sees them. Equally depressing as it is comical.” A fourth web user commented: “They just don't look bothered do they? Shameless as they come. Hope they are caught soon or someone gives that bottom a good kicking.” Don't miss: Nurse stole thousands from dementia patient as she lay in hospital bed [REVEAL]'Asleep at the wheel' Sadiq Khan told to get grip on London bloodshed [ANALYSIS]Horror as young boy stabbed in McDonald's in front of terrified famili [REPORT] Insurance company Direct Line reported that, despite the threat of tool theft, roughly half of tradespeople continue to leave their equipment in their vehicle overnight. Between the easing of lockdown in April 2021 and November the same year, over £46million worth of tools were reported as stolen from vehicles, according to Direct Line. A survey conducted by Opinum for the insurance provider revealed that an estimated four in ten tradespeople had fallen victim to tool theft in the past. Read next: Courts in chaos: Barristers to go on strike in row over jobs and payKent market town rocked as man killed and girl, 15, arrestedFarage blasts Sadiq Khan as London sees six 'murders' in four daysFury makes heartbreaking plea over knife crime after cousin is killedKhan blasted over ridiculous excuses for failure to control crime