Conor McGregor is set for a "big return" to UFC next year but only after the MMA star has featured in a Hollywood blockbuster, his manager has revealed. Tim Simpson confirmed the Irish fighter will return to the Octagon in 2023 once he has recovered from his current injury setback and starred opposite Jake Gyllenhall in the remake of the 1989 classic Road House. McGregor last fought in the summer of 2021, losing to Dustin Poirier in the pair's trilogy settler via TKO at UFC 264. The 34-year-old suffered a broken leg in Round One of the bout and has spent his time since recovering from the severe setback. McGregor's manager Simpson has now confirmed the Irish star will make a "big return" to UFC next year, but only after a brief foray into the world of acting. Opening up on McGregor's Hollywood opportunity, Simpson told MMA Junkie: "A fun little venture then switching back to climbing the mountain again. It fits in perfectly. He's still on track for a big return next year." Despite McGregor's filming commitments for the Road House remake, Simpson added that 'Notorious' remains focused on "being the best fighter in the world" and allayed fears the MMA brawler's Hollywood movie experience will hinder his planned return to the sport. Simpson added: "Acting wasn't something I think Conor had at the very front of his mind, right now he's still a world-class athlete and his focus is being the best fighter in the world. DON'T MISS: Conor McGregor told ‘the biggest thing that gets him in trouble’ "But as the injury continues to heal and he continues to prepare for a comeback, the timing worked well. It's a great opportunity to do a big Hollywood blockbuster in meantime and he's going to kill it. "The leg is still healing, I think there's a little bit more to go on that but he's been training like a madman. Twice a day, every day. He's been training super hard, he's in amazing shape it's just the final adjustments to get that leg where it's supposed to be." While it remains to be seen who McGregor's comeback fight will be against, Michael Chandler threw his name into the hat last month, calling out the Irishman. He told TMZ Sports: “I would love the opportunity to compete against him. If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, you know, I'm not going to lose sleep at night. But it's definitely the fight that I want.” Meanwhile, filming for Road House will begin in the Dominican Republic in the coming weeks. Upon its release, the Amazon Original Movie will stream on Prime Video and be available to more than 240 countries and territories worldwide.