Manchester United's late scramble for attacking reinforcements looks set to continue after Bologna chief Marco di Vaio ruled out Marko Arnautovic's exit this summer. Erik ten Hag is hunting attacking reinforcements in the final month of the transfer window and has approved a surprise move for the 33-year-old. Reports of United's interest in Arnautovic and a rejected £7.6million bid for his services added spice to an eventful Sunday, as Ten Hag lost his first official game as manager. Brighton & Hove Albion ran away 2-1 winners in the Premier League opener - their first-ever triumph at Old Trafford - and the Red Devils' lack of firepower was apparent. Ahead of Bologna's Coppa Italia clash against Cosenza, Di Vaio admitted the club were proud of a European heavyweight like United's interest in one of their players. However, he confirmed they have no intention to offload Arnautovic before the summer deadline, even stating he has no valuation as a result. He said: "Man United in for Arnautovic? We're proud of Man Utd's interest in Marko, but we are not planning to sell him. We want to keep him at Bologna, as the president said. He's a key part of our project - there's not even a price tag." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag warned he could lose Man Utd dressing room with Ronaldo  United are uncomfortably lean in the attacking department after Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard's summer exits and Mason Greenwood's continued suspension. But Ten Hag is yet to bolster his forward options, with the free transfer of Christian Eriksen the closest to such. The Dutchman missed out on his first-choice attacking target Darwin Nunez earlier in the summer before Ajax priced United out of a deal for Antony. Talks for RB Salzburg prospect Benjamin Sesko also came to nothing, with the highly-rated 19-year-old set to join RB Leipzig in 2023. READ MORE: Boehly's Chelsea promise is good news for Tuchel and hints at deals  premier league United now face an all-too-familiar scenario where they are rushing for alternatives when the pressure is on, and the transfer deadline is looming. Supporters have seen it many times in recent years with Odion Ighalo and Edinson Cavani's late arrivals, and Arnautovic would undoubtedly fit into the same category. However, the latest fiasco is more of a disappointment under a new, seemingly improved regime after Richard Arnold replaced Ed Woodward as chief executive officer and handed football director John Murtough the keys to recruitment decisions. With less than a month until the deadline passes, United are at serious risk of letting Ten Hag down in his first transfer window. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt