During this fractious contest, the frontrunner and her rival Rishi Sunak have been at odds about the economy. Faced with public calls for help with the cost-of-living crisis, Ms Truss has demonstrated that she would assist the most vulnerable with short-term help and has now said that she will offer immediate support to families to help with rising energy costs, and call an emergency budget to cut income taxes and bills.  This follows her move to axe the NI increase, introduced by Mr Sunak himself as Chancellor, so as to give back to hardworking taxpayers. It shows that she can respond to economic pain, but that she favours giving back to people via tax cuts. And recently, she showed her electoral promise by polling ahead of Sir Keir Starmer, while former Chancellor Rishi Sunak trailed behind the Labour leader. Her message is cutting through. With 1.7m people aged 85 and over in Britain - due to leap to 3.1m by 2045 - it seems extraordinary that such scant political attention is paid to older people. No longer.Today, your campaigning Daily Express calls for a cross-party Minister for Older People so that our millions of OAPs and 13 million retirees have a proper voice in Government. We're calling it the Give Them a Voice crusade, and it's long overdue. For decades, older people have been forgotten.  In 2015, former Pensions Minister Ros Altmann was set to become Minister for Ageing but her appointment was vetoed. Now Baroness Altmann, a Life Peer, is backing our campaign, saying: "We need someone to stand up for this generation," as are Dame Esther Rantzen, 82, and charity Age UK director Caroline Abrahams. Our ailing high streets have left many without access to cash and services, and smartphones have led to mass digital exclusion. Social care has been neglected for decades and the state pension remains the lowest in Europe. With all this at stake, the creation of a Minister for Older People must be a priority.  A salyute to Rob McElhenney and Ryan Reynolds.The two Hollywood stars and unlikely owners of Wrexham AFC since 2020, theWelsh side known as the Robins, have given £20,000 to fan Aria Hodgkiss, four years old and fighting brain cancer. This gives little Aria the chance to try an alternative treatment, ONC201 costing £60,000 - and have a much-needed holiday to Disneyland.  