Two lanes were closed on the M25 anticlockwise due to a serious fire between junction 26 A121 (Waltham Abbey) and junction 25 A10 Great Cambridge Road (Enfield). According to National Highways: East, there was a field fire adjacent to the road. There were delays of 30 minutes against expected traffic on the M25 anticlockwise. The incident was expected to clear between 7.15pm and 7.30pm. Normal traffic conditions were expected between 8.15pm and 8.30pm. At 6.50pm, National Highways said all lanes had been reopened. Essex Fire Service said in a post that five crews were at the scene of the field fire at Waltham Abbey. Two of the crews were from Harlow, with one from Loughton, one from Brentwood and one from Epping. They said: “Firefighters have surrounded a large shrubland fire. “Two lanes of the M25 have been closed while we deal with this incident.” Station Manager Dave Bond said: "We expect to be at the scene for several hours, if you can avoid the area, please do. “Rest assured we’re dealing with this as quickly as we can and appreciate the disruption this is causing to drivers. Thank you for your patience." At 6.30pm, Essex crews left the scene of the incident. Essex Fire Service said in total that ten fire crews from London and two from Herfordshire were in attendance. It comes ahead of closure lasting three nights on a key section of the M25 in Surrey. They are: READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Remoaner bid to blame recession on EU exit shredded It also came as firefighters were called to a large oil spillage on the South Circular in the Forest Hill area. A crane lorry leaked approximately 300 litres of hydraulic oil, and was affecting almost four miles of the South Circular towards Catford. One woman was treated on scene by London Ambulance Service crews and another man was assessed by St John Ambulance. The Brigade were called at 1.54pm, with five fire engines and around 35 firefighters from Brixton, Forest Hill, West Norwood, Lewisham and Beckenham fire stations at the scene. DON'T MISS 'We are not scared' Taipei stands tall as US falls quiet - MORE drills Meghan and Harry told 'they’d be crazy' to sell as £11m home FOUR days of UK power cuts and blackouts in January warning London Fire Brigade Station Commander Shaun Coltress, who was at the scene, said: “A number of the main routes off the South Circular have been closed. “Some side roads remain open, but we are asking drivers to avoid the area where possible. “The spillage has led to a number of minor road traffic collisions. If you do have to drive nearby, please proceed with extreme caution due to the oil which is creating challenging driving conditions . “Due to the nature of the spillage, a specialist solution will need to be used to make the scene safe. We are working closely with the Metropolitan Police Service, TfL and the local authority.”