Leeds are planning speculative transfer moves for Southampton forward Che Adams and Atlas attacker Julian Quinones ahead of the 2022-23 Premier League season, according to reports. Jesse Marsch has already made progress in reshaping his squad into his image but has stressed that he wants more deals completed. The Whites have already made five additions this summer, with director of football Victor Orta working hard in the transfer market. Brenden Aaronson, Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen and Marc Roca have all joined for a combined fee of £95m. Leeds are hoping to fill the voids left by key players Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips. Marsch is set to target Saints star Adams in a bid to replace Raphinha’s goals. Scotland international Adams scored eight goals in 33 appearances last season, sharing the starting role with Chelsea loanee Armando Broja. His form was enough to convince Leeds to pursue a surprise transfer this summer. JUST IN: Man City stance on hijacking Chelsea bid for Marc Cucurella That is according to the Daily Mail, who also claim that striker Quinones could be signed. Meanwhile, Leeds have lost goalkeeper Kiko Casilla whose contract has been terminated a year early. This weekend, Marsch conceded that he would not be content with going into the season with his squad as it is. Urging the club to complete further business, he said: “No, we want to make some more additions and we have targets. We wanted last week to really evaluate things and then to be prudent on our future decisions. Hopefully this week we’ll make some final decisions and final moves. “Andrea (Radrizzani) is here this week and we’ll have a lot of good discussions. With the five guys we’ve brought in we were totally clear that these five guys were who we wanted and we went out and got them. DON'T MISS...Premier League make four drastic rule changes ahead of new seasonIan Wright makes Premier League request after England Euro 2022 gloryLiverpool could still make two more signings in final month of window “I’m very thankful to Victor and Andrea for getting those done and they did a good job early to secure those players integrated into our team. It’s made us strong for where we are right now. “We have to be really clever about how to make the next additions to make sure that as good a job as we’ve done with the five, and you could say six with Darko (Gyabi) as well, with two or three more that we are as confident as those guys.” Leeds appear to have missed out on a move for the 21-year-old Club Brugge attacker Charles de Ketelaere, though. The Belgian has snubbed Leeds in favour of joining AC Milan. Marsch added: “I think he is [out of the question], I think De Ketelaere is confirmed to go to Milan, from what I’m hearing. But nothing has been announced so we have treated it for two or three weeks like he’s not coming.”