Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said the York sisters had played an “invaluable” role in keeping the “link” between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Royal Family since the couple’s sensational departure. And now he has predicted the pair will play a crucial role again if there is to be a major rift when Harry’s hotly anticipated book is released.  Mr Fitzwilliams said the pair would be “pivotal in how things play out” when Harry releases his tell-all memoir, which is expected to lift the lid on the inner workings of the Firm. He told Express.co.uk: “Obviously a great deal happens behind the scenes which we are unaware of. “It has been recently reported that Harry’s memoir has been postponed, which makes sense if there is to be any reconciliation between the royal family and the Sussexes. “However, we will have to await events and Beatrice and Eugenie may, behind the scenes, be pivotal in how things play out.” The Royal Family has been bracing itself for the duke's forthcoming book, which he has vowed will be an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. The Queen's grandson, who is living in California with Meghan after quitting royal duties in 2020, last year announced he was penning his memoir. The couple moved to the US to lead a more independent life, and now live in a mansion in California with their two young children Archie and daughter Lilibet, who was named after her great-grandmother, the Queen.  READ MORE: Queen sent Beatrice ‘very clear’ message on impressive gift The pair have had a fraught relationship with the Firm ever since their decision to move across the pond. A few months later, the couple signed a lucrative deal with Netflix, and are expected to film content for their upcoming docu-series with the streaming giant while in the UK. The couple made headlines with a bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in March last year when Meghan, who is biracial, accused an unnamed royal of racism and Harry said his family had cut them off financially.  DON'T MISS Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi astrological compatibility [REVEALED]Inside Princess Beatrice's £3.5m renovated home in the Cotswolds [PICTURES]Princess Beatrice not as 'rebellious' as fellow royal Leo [INSIGHT] The series of bombshell claims made by the duo saw them being accused of severely damaging the Royal Family’s international reputation, while others questioned the accuracy of their allegations. The claims sparked a backlash and prompted the Royal Family to issue a rare statement, noting that they remain loved members of the family but recollections about their experience "may vary." And now Harry’s upcoming tell-all memoir hangs over the Windsors and could be a core reason why the Dukes have failed to reconcile.  Princess Eugenie is thought to share a close bond with her cousin Prince Harry after she visited him in California last year and the pair attended the Super Bowl together. Prince Harry was also spotted sharing a joke with Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie at a St Paul’s Cathedral thanksgiving service for the Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee back in June. The duke was seen laughing with Eugenie’s husband Jack Brooksbank in the pews for his first visit back to the UK with his wife Meghan Markle since their sensational decision to quit the Firm.  In a sweet tribute, the Queen's granddaughter then shared the photo of her cousin beaming alongside her husband in the pews before the service got underway on her Instagram account. Highlighting their close relationship, Princess Eugenie has been living at Frogmore Cottage - the home of Meghan and Harry - with her husband and baby son August since 2020. Eugenie and Mr Brooksbank have been raising their one-year-old son there since Harry and Meghan made the sensational decision to step back from royal duties and move to America in 2020.