With the new £3,549 for October, a typical household will get a £363 monthly bill for gas and electricity. Analysts at Uswitch.com have warned this could mean home-based employees paying an extra £131 a month in energy costs this autumn, with extra costs to potentially rise by £209 by January. This means people who spend less than £30 on their weekly commute could save money by going into work. Full-time workers will increase their daily gas use by 75 percent as they put the heating on for an extra ten hours a day during the coldest months. Electricity use is set to rise by 25 percent as employees cook meals and make hot drinks while working from home. Larger households could pay £513 a month, rising to £698 for those who are working from home. READ MORE: Price cap rise: Can your energy provider cut you off if you don't pay? People who live in larger households could save money by going into work if their weekly commuting costs are less than £46. Ben Gallizzi, energy expert at Uswitch.com, said: “Working from home during the colder months of the year is obviously going to be more expensive as employees are likely to need their heating on during the day. “Using extra energy when the heating would usually be off will be especially noticeable on bills this year with prices rising by 80 percent. “Not only do people working from home use more energy staying warm, they are also cooking lunch and making cups of tea, as well as running computers, TVs and phone chargers.” DON'T MISSState pension and more may be affected due to where you live [INSIGHT]Over 55s warned of 3 ‘hidden risks’ of tapping into pension [ANALYSIS]Millions of retirees 'trembling with anxiety’ - energy price cap soars [UPDATE] People who live in smaller homes like flats are likely to pay £243 on average a month for their energy bill, rising to £330 for those working from home. These people may find it cheaper to work from home unless their their commuting costs are less than £20 a week. The price cap is set to rise again in January to £5,386, meaning that the average household will face bills of £580 a month for their energy, compared to £789 for those who are working from home. Larger homes will have an average January bill of £861 rising by £310 for home-workers, to £1,171 a month. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues scam warning on ‘today only’ supermarket voucher Mr Gallizzi said: “The amount of extra energy home workers use will vary, but we estimate that people at home for an extra 50 hours per week could use about 25% more electricity and 75% more gas per day this winter. “Based on this, for workers who don’t have an expensive commute, working from the office is likely to be more economical this winter.” Britons are looking for ways to reduce their bills by using less energy around their home. One way to slash heating bills is to turn down the thermostat by one or two degrees, or to bleed a home’s radiators. People can also move their furniture around to make sure that large items are not obstructing radiators. Defrosting the fridge and freezer can also help keep these appliances running smoothly and at maximum efficiency. Britons can also take care to keep the oven closed when in use and to dry laundry outside rather than using a tumble dryer. A smart meter can also help people keep a close eye on their energy use, as the device provides regular updates about how much energy a person has used.