Cunard cruises have issued a new update on COVID-19 travel requirements which have been in place during the pandemic. In an update, the cruise line announced that fully-vaccinated travellers will no longer be required to take a coronavirus test before departure. However, Cunard is still recommending passengers do so. In an update, Cunard said: "Cunard has today announced updated COVID-19 protocols and guidelines, with adjusted pre-travel testing requirements. "From Tuesday, September 6, 2022 self-testing prior to travel will change from 'mandatory' to 'highly recommended' for vaccinated guests on the vast majority of holidays." However, guests on "longer, more complex itineraries" may still be required to take some form of test. Cunard explained: "Only guests sailing on longer, more complex itineraries will be required to have an observed or in-person antigen or PCR test with a fit to travel certificate prior to departure. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade "These include a number of holidays of 16 nights or more and other specific voyages." These new guidelines apply to all Cunard itineraries sailing from Southampton and all other departure points with the exception of countries where government regulations and protocols may vary including Canada and Australia. The vaccination policy for all guests onboard Cunard sailings remains the same. Guests aged 16 years and over are required to have been fully vaccinated no less than 14 days before travel. "These include a number of holidays of 16 nights or more and other specific voyages." These new guidelines apply to all Cunard itineraries sailing from Southampton and all other departure points with the exception of countries where government regulations and protocols may vary including Canada and Australia. The vaccination policy for all guests onboard Cunard sailings remains the same. Guests aged 16 years and over are required to have been fully vaccinated no less than 14 days before travel. They may also be required to have proof of a booster vaccine received no less than seven days prior to travel, if applicable. Children between the ages of 12 and 15 are also required to be fully vaccinated, though they do not need to have a booster vaccine. Children aged between five and 11 years old do not need to be vaccinated, however, they will need to self-test before travelling and an additional complimentary test may be required at the terminal dependent on your embarkation port. Children aged four years and under are exempt from pre-travel vaccination and testing. DON'T MISSCruise hacks: Guests share why you should 'always' book a balcony [INISGHT]Cruise hacks: Why you should always bring clothes pegs on a cruise [EXPLAINER]‘Life changing’: Flight attendant shares hard-to-spot sign on plane [COMMENT] Cunard explained: "The definition of ‘fully vaccinated’ is having completed an approved (by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), European Medicines Agency (EMA) or the World Health Organization’s Emergency Use Listing (WHO EUL)) two-dose COVID‑19 vaccination course, or the approved single-dose Janssen COVID‑19 vaccine (plus a booster if applicable)." As of July 21, 2022, the cruise line says it is maintaining "enhanced health and well-being measures to protect everyone onboard." These include, but are not limited to, enhanced onboard ventilation systems, high levels of cleanliness and increased sanitation.