Saving money can be a difficult endeavour, and it can be challenging to know where to start. However, as millions of people celebrate the summer, there is also potential to cut back amid the cost of living crisis.  Express.co.uk spoke to Sally Conway, Head of Consumer Communications at Shawbrook, who shared her top tips for making vital cut backs. Firstly, Ms Conway stressed, it is important for Britons to “shake up” their spending habits, as organising summer plans on a budget can often feel tricky. She explained: “Start by assessing the money you have coming in each month and what you have to pay out. “Create a budget spreadsheet noting all essential expenditures including regular subscriptions, bills and mortgage payments, as well as the small things like your daily coffee, toiletries and takeaways which can often add up. READ MORE: Pension: Britons could lose out on £7,800 through 'torpor tax' “This can help identify any areas to potentially cut back. Even if it’s just for a few months to cater for the summer season. “It is important to remember here that cutting back on even the smaller purchases is a step in the right direction.” Next, making budget savvy swaps could help Britons to progress with keeping more money in their pocket. By making small switches, individuals could reduce their overall monthly spend in a big way. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees [INSIGHT]Britons warned of dangerous scam which may destroy retirement [EXCLUSIVE]Energy bill rebate worth £400 is coming - Britons warned of scam [UPDATE] For example, Ms Conway suggests, pausing a gym membership and exercising outdoors in the summer months could be a good way to save. Similarly, instead of eating out, Britons could meal prep for lunch and dinner in order to make savings. She added: “You may also want to review your household bills to see if switching to a different provider could help cut costs. It’s worth shopping around to find the best deal available for you. “There are plenty of different providers for things like broadband, energy or insurance, so it’s worth checking out if you can secure a better deal elsewhere.” READ MORE: Britons need £44,000 in savings to combat cost of living crisis In order to truly save money, debts should never be forgotten, and in fact, prioritised for financial wellbeing. When putting together a monthly budget, paying off debts will be key as it is essential Britons keep on top of their existing repayments - even if the balances are low. Ms Conway continued: “Never borrow if you don’t have a good understanding of how much you’ll need to pay back or if you can’t afford to make the repayments.” Finally, the expert suggested individuals could be able to put extra cash in their pockets by taking stock of what they have lying around at home. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It is estimated the average Briton accumulates an estimated £22,000 of unworn clothes over their lifetime, and these could be sold for cash. Some shops have schemes where people can recycle old clothes for vouchers. The same also applies to homeware items or garden purchases, as marketplaces and second-hand website and stores may also have potential. Ms Conway concluded: “Budgeting is an important skill to utilise all year round but it’s never too late to start. “Making well-informed money choices as you enter the summer months can help make your money go further and taking small steps to refresh your finances will definitely help when costs are rising.”