Some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on the benefit which could top up their income. Carer’s Allowance is one of the main welfare benefits to help carers in the UK and is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). As the cost of living crisis continues, and energy bills soar, many families on low incomes may be feeling the financial squeeze. Britons are urged to make sure they are claiming all the benefits they are entitled to. Who is eligible?Claimants need to be caring for someone for 35 hours or more a week. An individual, the person they care for and the type of care they provide must meet a certain criteria. READ MORE: 'Takes the pressure off!' Man shares 'amazing way' he makes up to £4,000 extra each month Half a million people are estimated to be missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could top up their income by £69.70 per week - £3,624.40 over a year. Carers can then choose if they would like to be paid weekly in advance or every four weeks with the money being paid straight into their bank account. Under the “overlapping benefits” rules, people are not entitled to receive Carer's Allowance if they claim certain other benefits. These included the contribution-based Employment and Support Allowance, Incapacity Benefit and Maternity Allowance. READ MORE: 'No wiggle room!' Dave Ramsey suggests how woman, 70, with 'no retirement' can get by  People also cannot claim if they receive Bereavement or widow’s benefits, or contribution-based Jobseeker’s Allowance. People cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension. If their state pension is less than £69.70 a week, they’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. Britons can make a claim on the Gov.uk website, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. Before someone applies for Carer’s Allowance, they should make sure that they have their National Insurance number, bank or building society details and employment details if they’re working or their P45 if they’ve recently finished work. Those in Scotland are able to receive the Carer’s Allowance Supplement which is an extra payment for those who receive their allowance on a certain date and is paid twice a year. Around 90,000 carers across Scotland have received the extra payment £245.70 in April. The next payment is due to be paid in October.