Russia's Federal Security Service has blamed British and Ukrainian spies for the murder of Darya Dugina, the daughter of Russian ultra-nationalist thinker Alexander Dugin, in a car bomb attack near Moscow that President Vladimir Putin called "evil". A panel of pro-Kremlin pundits has lashed out at Britain, with one branding the UK as a European version of the terrorist group ISIS.  Russian propagandist Alexey Anpilogov said: "Who were the organizers? Let's just say it. "It was ordered by the Ukrainian intelligence agencies, and of course by western intelligence agencies, which always kill valuable people who try to oppose the western project." "The terrorist act that caused Darya's demise is an unfortunately successful joint operation by three special services," added military pundit Igor Korotchenko. "I will name those countries: "Ukraine, Estonia and Great Britain." DON'T MISS: RAF captain refused order to overlook white male candidates (INSIGHT)POLL: Who should be Tory leader? Truss, Sunak or Johnson?  (POLL)Putin humiliated after Russian spies caught red handed in bungled raid (REACTION)  Russian professor Dimitry Evstafiev suggested: "The British footprint in this terrorist activity in this war against Russia, without rules or limitations, is becoming more and more obvious in my opinion. "Britain is starting to play the part of a European ISIS. It seeks to create chaos, and explosions to finally blow up what's left of European stability." He added: "Political killings and individual terror are the hallmarks, not only of the British intelligence agencies but of the British monarchy and the British crown." Dugina, whose father Alexander Dugin is a prominent ideologue, was killed on Saturday when a bomb blew up the Toyota Land Cruiser she was driving, Russian investigators said.  Ukraine, defending itself from what it says is an imperial-style war of conquest waged by Russia, denied involvement in the attack, with Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak calling the accusation "propaganda". Putin on Monday posthumously granted Dugina the Order of Courage, a prestigious state award, "for courage and selflessness shown in the performance of professional duty", the Kremlin said. Dugina, a regular commentator on state TV, strongly backed Russia's actions in Ukraine, which Moscow calls a "special military operation". Alexander Dugin, 60, has long advocated violence to achieve the unification of Russian-speaking and other territories. DON'T MISS: RAF captain refused order to overlook white male candidates (INSIGHT)POLL: Who should be Tory leader? Truss, Sunak or Johnson?  (POLL)Putin humiliated after Russian spies caught red handed in bungled raid (REACTION)  In his first public statement on the bombing, he said Darya had been savagely killed before his own eyes by Ukraine. "Our hearts are not simply thirsting for revenge or retribution," Dugin wrote. "We only need our victory (against Ukraine). My daughter has sacrificed her young life on the altar of victory. So please win!" Russia's FSB security service said the attack was carried out by a Ukrainian woman born in 1979, whom it named and whose picture and information appeared on Russian news websites. They linked her to Ukraine's security services and accused her of being a member of the Azov battalion, a unit of Ukraine's army that Russia has designated a terrorist group. In response, Azov said the woman had never been a member of the unit and accused Russia of concocting a lie.