With the publication of Prince Harry’s much-anticipated official memoir drawing closer, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams suggested the identity of the alleged “royal racist” could be revealed in the new book. In their shocking 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle suggested they had faced a series of uncomfortable conversations about the skin colour of their son, Archie. While the identity of the Royal Family member involved in the conversations has never been confirmed, the anticipated publication of Prince Harry’s tell-all biography could pose a new opportunity for the royal who supposedly made the comments to be named.    Mr Fitzwilliams said Prince Harry has previously declined to identify the accused royal, but added the Duke and Duchess were notoriously “unpredictable”. Speaking on GB News, Mr Fitzwilliams discussed the upcoming release of Prince Harry’s memoir, which is expected to be published in the autumn. Mr Fitzwilliams said: “He’s said that he won’t name the [alleged] royal racist. “I’m assuming that, in this case, the Sussexes mean what they say, but they are unpredictable.”    During their famed interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex claimed an unidentified member of the royal family had expressed concerns over the race of their first child together. Meghan said there had been “concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he’s born”. When pushed to name the royal member involved, Prince Harry said: “That conversation, I’m never going to share.” He added: “At the time it was awkward; I was a bit shocked.” Read more: 'Oblivious to the wrongs' Rishi Sunak compared to Harry and Meghan Mr Fitzwilliams speculated that Meghan would hold significant influence over the contents of any upcoming publication. The royal commentator said: “I think he would be most unlikely to write a book which she hadn't [approved].” The memoir, which doesn't yet have an official release date, had been anticipated for release in “late 2022”, according to publisher Penguin Random House. Mr Fitzwilliams added: “The book might not come out, it might be postponed, which would be the kind thing in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year.” Don't miss: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle receive 'proper' protection [REVEAL]Prince William and Kate 'will show Harry and Meghan how it is done' [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan in ‘huge shock’ after reading Harry's memoir [REPORT] After the disturbing allegations of racism emerged, Buckingham Palace released an official statement from the Queen. It read: “The whole family is saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan. “The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning. While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately.” Speaking of his upcoming book, Prince Harry said: “I’m excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” Read next: Prince Harry must accept 'harsh reality' of being 'non-entity' Prince Charles ‘dreaded’ planned one-on-one dinner with HarryPrince Harry may have felt ‘pangs of guilt’ at Philip’s funeralMeghan Markle snubbed by Arthur Smith: Duchess 'must be sent to Tower!Meghan Markle latest: Did the Queen really stop Meghan acting?