Senior Conservative Party members have demanded Boris Johnson be reinstated as Tory Party leader and Prime Minister. Mr Johnson was forced to resign from his position on July 7 amid pressure following the Chris Pincher scandal and a series of resignations in his cabinet making his position untenable. Express.co.uk understands that constituency party chairs on the National Convention have written to demand Mr Johnson’s resignation be rejected. READ MORE: REVOLUTION in Conservatives as Tories scramble to Bring Back Boris At least 10 have allegedly written to chairman Peter Booth calling for a motion to allow a ballot on Mr Johnson’s leadership. Lord Cruddas has spearheaded the demands for a rule change to allow members to vote on whether Mr Johnson should continue as leader. His petition has gained 15,000 signatures from members demanding a vote to put Boris Johnson on the ballot. He has received acknowledgement from the Conservative headquarters and Express.co.uk understands that while Tory chiefs refuse to suspend the leadership election they admit they have to consider a rule change as the petition has over 10,000 signatures. In a poll that ran from 1pm on Thursday, August 4, to 9am on Monday, August 8, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Do you want Boris Johnson to stay as Prime Minister?” In total, 12,099 people cast their votes with a strong 79 percent (9,569 people) answering “yes”, Mr Johnosn should stay on as Prime Minister. A further 20 percent (2,453 people) said “no” he should not, while just one percent (77 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers took part in a lively discussion on Mr Johnson's future. So do YOU agree? Should Boris U-turn on resignation his resignation? Leave your thoughts in the comment section below.  Many readers agreed Mr Johnson should revoke his resignation and stay on with one reader, username KatMoi writing: “I would accept Boris back as my PM.” Username DavidScho said: “Boris should never have been forced out. He is what the country needs right now. Let’s get him back before it’s too late.” Username Docsyn said: “He was given the mandate to govern, he needs to carry out his job and deliver on the promises he was elected for.” While username toby1941 wrote: “Only a fool would not have Boris at the helm.” Another, username WillyWallace, said: “Yes. Keep Boris Johnson. He is our elected Prime Minister and has done a good job.” And username StanParker said: “Boris should withdraw his resignation. It is not too late as he has not tendered it to the Queen yet!” Others, however, argued that it was time for the country to move on with a new leader. Username Naffoff said: “Under no circumstances must he...be allowed back as Prime Minister.” DON'T MISS:Boris slammed by Labour ‘zombie Government’ [REACTION]Loose Women's Linda Robson opens up on rows over Boris Johnson [LATEST]Margaret Thatcher more gracious than other prime ministers [INSIGHT] Username LeeU said: “Johnson has had his time and If he was allowed to stay his antics would just get worse.” While username Ghost48 said “not a cat in hell's chance.” should Mr Johnosn stay, “he had it and blew it”. And username theliecatcher said: “I want Johnson’s resignation revoked – so that he can be sacked instead.” Leadership hopefuls Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak are currently going head to head to become his successor. A Yougov poll last week showed that eight percent of members would still choose Mr Johnson over the two leadership hopefuls Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. A new Prime Minister will be announced by the chair of the 1922 committee Sir Graham Brady on September 5.