AMC’s hit crime drama Better Call Saul was the prequel series that eventually connected with Netflix’s acclaimed show Breaking Bad. As fans said goodbye to the series, many made calls to the show's creator, Vince Gilligan, to see more of one of the show’s no-nonsense character Mike Ehrmantraut (played by Jonathan Banks).   After first premiering in 2016, Better Call Saul’s most recent episode wrapped up the AMC franchise. The show transported fans to the times before Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) made their mark as notorious drug dealers on Breaking Bad. Viewers also got a chance to see the early days of former cop and hitman Mike during a flashback scene. As a result, fans made calls to see more of the character’s past with a potential spin-off. READ MORE:  Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers   The finale began with a flashback to the season five episode ‘Bagman’ which showed Mike and Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) making their way through the desert heat. As they trudged through the suffocating conditions to find a water tank to have a drink they reflected on their pasts. While they took a break, Jimmy suggested they should run off with the millions of dollars they were carrying and split it. However, Mike was against the idea and said: “It’s not ours.”     As for Jimmy, he said he would use the money to build a time machine which Mike revealed he would use to transport to “December 8th 2001". Then he changed the date to “March 17th 1984,” which was when he took his first bribe which led to the death of his son Matthew ‘Matt’ Ehrmantraut (Nicholas Liam King). The hitman added he would also travel forward in time to visit people and “see if they’re doing ok". Whereas, Jimmy shared he would travel to the day Warren Buffet got Berkshire Hathaway and invest in it to become rich. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul finale explained: What's next for Jimmy and Kim? [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul's Rhea Seehorn exposes hidden meaning in Jesse scene [INSIGHT] With this insight, many fans called for a spin-off from the franchise to see more from Mike’s past. Taking to Twitter @Cortez_Alee wrote: “Since Better Call Saul says goodbye today, it is a great moment for a spin-off of Mike Ehrmantraut, do it Vince. A second fan @Rlblack1Rob added: “Wasn't sure about it at first because Breaking Bad was so good but Better Call Saul was just as good in its own way, Now we need a Mike Ehrmantraut spinoff.” A hopeful @ashyyyk shared: “I would watch the spin-off of the spin-off where it’s just Saul and Mike travelling through time.”   @manabsays suggested: “Better Call Saul is arguably the best spinoff show ever made, Only if we could watch a movie of Mike's Past.” An eager @dirtyprettyth tweeted: “There could be a Mike spin-off now, sir.” As @Viggho1 demanded: “I want a spin-off of Mike.” Although a prequel focused on Mike is yet to be confirmed, Dan McDermott, president of entertainment and AMC Studios at AMC Networks told NME the “door is always open,” for a spin-off. If this comes to fruition, the show would likely provide insight into Mike’s past as he was killed by Walt in season five of Breaking Bad.  Better Call Saul season 1-6 are available on AMC in the US and available on Netflix in the UK.