Pat Carroll died at her home in Cape Cod, Massachusetts, on Saturday, as her daughter Kerry Karsian, a casting agent, confirmed she died while recovering from pneumonia. Her other daughter Tara Karsian also penned an emotional tribute to her late mother on Instagram. She explained they want everyone to "honor her by having a raucous laugh at absolutely anything today (and everyday forward) because besides her brilliant talent and love, she leaves my sister Kerry and I with the greatest gift of all, imbuing us with humor and the ability to laugh...even in the saddest of times." Pat, the gregarious Emmy-winning comedian, was a television mainstay for decades before moving to a voiceover career that included portraying the villainous sea witch Ursula in The Little Mermaid. Tributes have since poured in for the beloved actress as people offered their condolences on social media. Twitter user, @ShaunTossell penned: "R.I.P. PAT CARROLL (1927 - 2022). We've lost another legend. READ MORE: Nichelle Nichols dead: Star Trek legend dies aged 89 "The one & only Pat Carroll, who is probably best known for her absolutely ICONIC turn as Ursula in The Little Mermaid, has passed away. Disney villain songs don't get any better..." @AniMat tweeted: "We all love Pat Carroll for her unforgettable performance as Ursula in The Little Mermaid, but she's also done some other wonderful voiceover work like Grandma from the Garfield specials." @JacksonLennox added: "Devastated to report the passing of Pat Carroll, the voice of Ursula, one of Disney's greatest villains at 95. But even at such an age, she still had the skill as two years ago on 'The Wonderful World Of Mickey Mouse' she still brought life to the sea witch. RIP." @JMarnocha commented: "Losing Nichelle Nichols AND Pat Carroll in one swoop is…a lot. Such wonderful, strong, brilliant performers. Rest well. Your work will always remain and inspire." Ms Carroll was born in Shreveport, Louisiana, in 1927. Her family relocated to Los Angeles when she was just 5 years old. The on-screen star's first film role came in 1948 in Hometown Girl but she found her stride in television. She won an Emmy for her work on the sketch comedy series Caesar's Hour in 1956, was a regular on Make Room for Daddy with Danny Thomas, a guest star on The DuPont Show with June Allyson and a variety show regular stopping by The Danny Kaye Show, The Red Skelton Show and The Carol Burnett Show. DON'T MISS... Vernon Kay shares loved up holiday snap with Tess Daly[LATEST]Kimberley Walsh on why she avoids eye contact with Gethin Jones[EXCLUSIVE]Britney Spears goes topless as she puts on sultry display[PICTURES] She also played one of the wicked stepsisters in the 1965 television production of Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella with Lesley Ann Warren. The performer went on to win a Grammy award in 1980 for the recording of her one woman show Gertrude Stein. Her most memorable role to date thanks to Disney's The Little Mermaid, which came out in 1989. She was not the first choice of directors Ron Clements and John Musker or the musical team of Howard Ashman and Alan Menken, who reportedly wanted Joan Collins or Bea Arthur to voice the sea witch. Ms Carroll often said playing Ursula was one of her favourite roles to date. She said she saw her as an "Ex-Shakespearean actress who now sold cars". "She's a mean old thing! I think people are fascinated by mean characters," the voiceover star said in an interview. "There's a fatal kind of distraction about the horrible mean characters of the world because we don't meet too many of them in real life. So when we have a chance, theatrically, to see one and this one, she's a biggie, it's kind of fascinating for us." She got the chance to reprise the role in several Little Mermaid sequels, spinoffs and even theme park rides.