Coronation Street's Stu (played by Bill Fellows) has had his world come crashing down around him in recent scenes. Not only was his face and homeless story splashed across the front of the Gazette, his ex-wife Lucy turned up in Weatherfield and dropped a major bomb on Yasmeen Nazir (Shelley King). Now feeling like he is in hot water and his world falling apart around him, Stu turns to alcohol again to fix his issues, but could it be the end of the line for him? After having a go at Stu in Speed Daal demanding he leave their daughter, Bridget, alone, Lucy stormed out with Yasmeen trailing behind to demand answers. In upcoming scenes, Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) is appalled to read on social media about Stu and feels she needs to find him. Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar) returns from his holiday, and Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) brings him up to speed on Stu as she's worried about the effect the bombshell is having on Yasmeen. Kelly vows to get Stu's side of the story but soon finds him lying in the streets, drunk and barely conscious. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool After having a go at Stu in Speed Daal demanding he leave their daughter, Bridget, alone, Lucy stormed out with Yasmeen trailing behind to demand answers. In upcoming scenes, Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) is appalled to read on social media about Stu and feels she needs to find him. Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar) returns from his holiday, and Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) brings him up to speed on Stu as she's worried about the effect the bombshell is having on Yasmeen. Kelly vows to get Stu's side of the story but soon finds him lying in the streets, drunk and barely conscious.  Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain) phones an ambulance, with Kelly riding with him to the hospital, sticking by his side. At the hospital, Kelly is informed Stu's awake, and she is ready to ask some hard questions about his past. Kelly tells Yasmeen that Stu's in the hospital, and she soon appears by his hospital bed too but won't hear him out. Feeling worthless and insisting Kelly is best off without him, Stu barks she's a nuisance who's not welcome anymore, prompting her to leave, very upset. Later in the week, Stu turns up at Speed Daal to speak to Yasmeen, but Zeedan sends him packing. Yasmeen soon arrives at No.6 to find Stu retrieving his watch from his old room and refuses to leave until she's heard the truth. Annoyed by what she hears, she presses "call" on her phone to alert Zeedan, who soon turns up with Craig Tinker (Colson Smith), who arrests him for breach of the peace. With his big secret exposed, Stu may feel unable to return to the cobbles to face his former friends. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Eileen Grimshaw leaves after George betrayal [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Gary stabbed by Rick's associates [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Double exit from cobbles for Faye and Craig [WATCH] Not wanting them to judge him further, he could decide to pack his bags and leave without saying goodbye. It may even be that Stu doesn't get a chance to pack up as his secret could be so dangerous, it lands him in prison. Could he exit the soap by being put behind bars for a horrifying crime? Stu actor Bill opened up about his character's secret and admitted the audience's reaction will change as things start to unfold. He told Express.co.uk: "It will be a little bit damaging, I think. Yeah, because it's almost like from an audience point of view, this is the last straw. "[Stu's] told a lot of lies, but you could forgive him once. We know what, eventually, they build up all these little things. "I think that the audience will be shocked and that they will be really surprised. And then, well, if that's how you feel, you're not going to believe what's going on. "There are lots of discussions, I think, to understand and to work it out without giving the game away." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.