During Tuesday's latest instalment of A Place in the Sun, Channel 4 presenter Jean Johansson was on a mission to find retired NHS theatre nurse Linda and painter and decorator Peter their dream holiday home in Abruzzo, Italy. The couple, who had a budget of £60,000 to spend, explained to Jean they were open-minded about what property they were looking for. Before they had even begun their property search, Jean explained it was going to be a "challenge" because of the couple's low budget. She admitted it was a first for her, telling the house hunters she'd never worked with such a low budget before. "We are just wondering what you're going to come up with because our budget isn't a very big one," Linda said. "I am glad you've brought that up, Linda," the property expert replied. READ MORE: This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves "I mean I have to say, I've never worked with a budget of £60,000, so it's going to be a challenge for me." They went on to explain for the perfect property they could stretch their budget up to £70,000 or £80,000. The first property on Jean's list was a traditional townhouse priced at £63,000. The home had three balconies and a large roof terrace with panoramic views. "You've done a good job," Peter praised Jean before they had even stepped foot inside the townhouse. Things appeared to get better for the presenter as the couple were blown away when they inspected the property further. Linda couldn't believe the amount of space there was considering the townhouse was priced at £63,000. Admitting Jean had a challenge on her hands to beat the first property, Jean reassured the pair, that there was more to come. The second holiday home, priced above the couple's budget at £78,000, was a two-bedroom, semi-detached house that came with a garden and vegetable patch. However, Jean failed to impress Peter and Linda as they pointed out the property "lacked character". DON'T MISS...'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold  [REACTION]Matt Tebbutt details why he hates using ingredient 'Not a fan' [INSIGHT]Spain holiday chaos as hotel prices ‘skyrocket' this month [ANALYSIS] The third property Jean took the couple to was a stunning two-bed home that came with an open-plan kitchen, a vegetable patch and a wrap-around courtyard. Despite it being priced at £62,000, Linda didn't seem to be impressed by the property. The buyer felt the holiday home was "cold", although she did seem to like the outdoor space. Next up, was a restored stone cottage located on the hillside priced at £58,000. It may have been priced below their budget, but Peter pointed out that the kitchen needed renovating and the property was too small. The fifth property was priced about the house hunter's budget at £89,000 but came with three acres of land. Despite loving the property, when it came to putting an offer in, Peter and Linda put in an offer of £57,000 for the first property. The current house owners declined the couple's offer but came back with a counteroffer, which they happily accepted. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.