Boiler experts demonstrated how to use a clever and very simple trick with just the push of a button. The @plumbingdoctors showed how you can engage a money saving mode on your boiler. The experts behind the account demonstrated how to do it on a Valliant boiler in the short video. However, most boilers have a variety of modes to save money. The experts warned Britons to keep one mode, in particular, off - comfort mode. They demonstrated how to change modes on the boiler, and when they came to Comfort Mode said: "Keep this off." READ MORE: 'Save £1k on your energy bills': 'Simple trick' to slash costs - spend £15 less a week Comfort Mode is a smart mode found on some boilers. These modes can help your boiler to run more efficiently. Comfort is one of the most popular modes. It helps ensure your system reaches the right settings efficiently. It uses an algorithm to learn how long it takes to warm up your home DON'T MISSLittle-known button on boiler could save hundreds on energy bills [TIP] Woman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill [REAL LIFE] Add £8k to your house value and save £580 on bills [PROPERTY] It then makes sure your home is warm when you need it and you're not wasting energy when you don't. However, there is a much more energy-efficient mode to use. You should use Eco Mode on your boiler if trying to save money on your bills. It uses less energy than Comfort Mode. This mode does mean you will have to run your water a little before it gets hot, but overall using this mode will save you money. The experts advised another tip to keep costs down too, which can be done at the boiler. "what we're going to do is turn the temperature down on the hot water," they explained. Changing the flow temperature means cooler water will be making its way into your radiators. In fact, the HHIC (Heating and Hot Water Council) found turning down the flow temperature on a condensing boiler could save households between six and eight percent on their gas bills. Another money saving trick explained how to save £1k on energy bills. Krish Kara is a 23-year-old Digital Marketer with a passion for personal finance, investing, and building businesses. He shares tips and tricks to make and save money. "Save a thousand pounds on your energy bills if you live alone with this one simple trick," Krish said. "Invest in an electric blanket," he explained.