Columnist Daniela Elser said it is looking "increasingly likely" that the Duke of Sussex will be "pulling no punches" when it comes to the Royal Family. Ms Elser said that even if he is "glowing" about the Queen, it could still be an "abject betrayal" of the monarch. The royal commentator warned the book may mean there is no way back for Harry, who is living in the US with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties. Writing for news.com.au, Ms Elser said: "Should Harry spend a chunk of his book taking aim at particular family members and various pinstriped staffers who run the royal dog-and-pony show, that would still constitute a strike against the woman who is the head of both the House of Windsor and the institution of the monarchy. "Anything that humiliates or undermines the monarchy indirectly humiliates or undermines the Top Lady (as Diana called her mother-in-law). "Or to quote Louis XIV, 'l’etat, c’est Moi,' which translates to 'the state is me'. "If Harry does go down this route, then it would be a watershed moment, the sort of line to which there is a very clear ‘before’ and a dramatically different ‘after’. "In this scenario, it is hard to see how he could ever go back in any sense." Harry and Meghan quit as working royals in March 2020 and moved across the pond. The couple are living in California as they pursue new lives of personal and financial freedom. They hit out at the Firm in their Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021 a year after stepping back from royal duties. Harry and Meghan made a series of explosive claims about the Royal Family. The Duke laid bare his rifts with his father Prince Charles and older brother Prince William. Meanwhile, the Duchess accused an unnamed royal - not the Queen or Prince Philip - of making a racist comment about her son Archie. She also claimed Kate made her cry ahead of her royal wedding following previous reports that it was the other way round. Speculation is high over whether Harry will make fresh claims in his tell-all book. When he announced he was penning his memoir last year, the Duke promised it would be an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. Harry said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I'm deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I've learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first hand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful." 