Oven cleaning is not a chore most look forward to, but the task can be made easier by using baking soda, according to experts at Arm & Hammer. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is hailed for its uses to clean around the home as an alternative to a chemical cleaner. It works well to clean due to its high pH, making it alkaline, and works to dissolve organic compounds such as dirt and grease. This makes it the perfect option to use on ovens. Those who’ve ever looked at the ingredients on the label of a commercial oven cleaner, they’ll know it’s a laundry list of chemicals. Conventional oven cleaners contain a range of chemicals such as potassium hydroxide, monoethanolamine, sodium hydroxide, and butoxydiglycol. These and other chemicals can irritate your respiratory system and burn your skin, lungs, and eyes. The experts explained: “Fortunately, there is a natural alternative to commercial oven cleaners, and homeowners don’t have to worry about wearing gloves to use it. READ MORE: How to remove toilet limescale using 'cheap and effective' method “As a bonus, it costs a fraction of the price of spray-on oven cleaners and it doesn’t leave a chemical residue that can cause odours the next time you use your oven.” This natural alternative is baking soda and the mineral structure of it works as a gentle abrasive to clean tough build-ups without leaving scratches. The cleaning pros explained why baking soda makes for the perfect oven cleaner. They said: “Baking soda is non-toxic, inexpensive, easy-to-use, and remarkably effective on cleaning oven grease. DON'T MISS:Why has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden [INSIGHT]Pensioners asked to leave London homes to make way for young familes [COMMENT]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXPERT] “Baking soda is alkaline, and oven grease made of food particles is typically acidic. “Baking soda neutralises acids and breaks down the grease, allowing you to wipe it up without a lot of elbow grease. “It’s also a mild abrasive, so it works well at removing dried, stuck-on foods.” Ovens can also be used immediately after using this method, unlike with chemical cleaners. READ MORE: Cleaning drains: How to break down blockages in under 10 minutes Arm & Hammer experts added: “In most cases, baking soda works like magic in just 15 minutes, making oven cleaning less of an arduous chore and more something you can do in the span of a single episode of your favourite show." All that’s needed for this cleaning recipe is half a cup of baking soda and three tablespoons of water. In a small bowl, combine the ingredients to make a paste roughly the consistency of pancake batter and remove the racks from the oven. Using a rubber spatula or a gloved hand, smear the paste over the dirty parts, whether metal or glass. Avoid the heating elements. Let the paste sit for 15-20 minutes. After, wipe up the paste and loosened dirt and grease with wet kitchen roll. Next wipe the oven’s interior with a wet kitchen towel, using water or a three to one mixture of water and distilled vinegar. Repeat if necessary for tougher stains, or try the heavy-duty method which involves adding salt to the paste. Britons can also use vinegar in a spray bottle to help baking soda get the job done and to be sure they’ve removed all baking soda after cleaning.