Manchester United target Cody Gakpo is valued at £35million by PSV Eindhoven, according to reports. The Red Devils have registered an interest in the 23-year-old, who is one of Dutch football’s brightest prospects. And he could be about to become the fourth signing of the Erik ten Hag era, following in the footsteps of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen in moving to Old Trafford. Manchester United want a new forward to provide competition for the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford, Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho. And though Marko Arnautovic has emerged as a shock target, ESPN say the Red Devils have now registered an interest in Gakpo. The 23-year-old scored 12 goals and clocked up 13 assists for PSV in the league last season, while also netting five times in other competitions. It’s claimed PSV have slapped a price tag of £35m on the forward’s head in the hope it will deter potential suitors. But United are keen and Gakpo, reportedly, is willing to come providing terms on a deal can be agreed. There is, however, interest from other Premier League clubs. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Gakpo’s preference appears to be United, however, where he’d then play under fellow Dutchman Erik ten Hag at Old Trafford. United have turned their attention to the player after being priced out of a deal for Antony, with Ajax looking for £80m to part ways with their prized asset. They’ve also missed out on Benjamin Sesko, who will leave Red Bull Salzburg for RB Leipzig next summer in a move that was announced on Tuesday. The publication adds United are closing in on Adrien Rabiot, too. The France international has just a year left on his Juventus contract and the Old Lady are planning for the future without the 27-year-old in mind. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United are said to be pushing ahead with plans to sign Rabiot at a time where they’re still in the hunt for Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong. And it’s also stated Eric Bailly is making progress when it comes to securing a move away, too. Bailly is now fifth-choice centre-back at United, with the Ivory Coast international below the likes of Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof and Martinez in the pecking order. The former Villarreal star watched from the stands as United lost 2-1 to Brighton in their Premier League opener on Sunday. And Sevilla, Monaco and West Ham are all monitoring the 28-year-old. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Defenders Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe are also free to find new clubs, having been deemed surplus to requirements by Ten Hag. Former United star Roy Keane, meanwhile, slammed his old side’s recruitment strategy in the wake of the defeat to Brighton over the weekend. "Who’s making these decisions? Who’s deciding which players are going to come in?” he said. "They’re talking about Darren Fletcher as technical director, they’ve got a new coach, John Murtough is obviously involved, there’s a new chief executive, there’s talk about them going back to Alex Ferguson and David Gill. "My goodness, what is going on? Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "It’s alright having the money, you’ve got to get the right players in with the right character." And United legend Gary Neville was similarly critical, saying: The money that was needed to rebuild that squad this summer… they knew six months ago, eight months, 12 months ago that there was going to need to be investment this summer. "All those players that were leaving like Mata and Matic and all the other ones that have left. "They knew they had a problem with Martial not having been fancied in the past, Cristiano coming to the end, Cavani leaving, obviously the situation with Greenwood not in the club anymore. "All these things have been known for a long time, it’s not as if it’s just hit them now." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here