Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has joked he would have ‘tripped over’ Thomas Tuchel if he’d seen the Chelsea boss’ touchline sprint on Sunday afternoon. Both London giants played out a stirring 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge. And, as temperatures rose, so too did tempers between the two managers in their respective dugouts. Chelsea were the better team against Tottenham for the most part, scoring twice through Kalidou Koulibaly and Reece James. But Spurs were able to leave their rivals with a point to their name, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Harry Kane both on target for the visitors. After James’ goal for Chelsea in the 77th minute, Tuchel ran down the touchline in celebration. It also appeared to be a reaction to Conte’s enthusiastic actions after Hojbjerg had drawn his side level. And the Tottenham boss has now taken to social media to joke he’d have tripped Tuchel over if he’d been looking in the German’s direction. “Lucky I didn’t see you..making you trip over would have been well deserved,” he joked, accompanying his message with laughing emojis. It appears Conte was ready to jest despite himself and Tuchel clashing on numerous occasions during the contest. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Things came to a head at full time, with the Italian’s opposite number refusing to let go of his hands after a handshake. It seemed Tuchel took issue with Conte for not looking him in the eyes, as players and staff members of both Tottenham and Chelsea raced to get involved. All in all, it was a memorable return to Stamford Bridge for the Blues’ former boss. And Conte put the actions of both himself and his opposite number down to passion, saying: "I think it is not important, this is not important. "It can happen when the passion is high in both sides." Conte proceeded to say he would ‘pay more attention’ the next time he shakes hands with Tuchel, while also insisting they wouldn’t come to blows again. "I'll stay on my bench, he'll stay on his bench. No problem about this," he added. Chelsea boss Tuchel, meanwhile, has insisted he has no ill feeling towards Conte following the showdown in west London. "I thought when we shake hands you looked in each other eyes, but Antonio had a different opinion,” he said. "He was happy when they equalised, and it got a bit heated, but nothing big... I think it was not necessary, but a lot of things were not necessary. "It was something of nothing. I have no ill feeling.” Tuchel did, however, slam referee Anthony Taylor - insisting he was wrong to award both Tottenham goals. For Hojbjerg’s effort, Rodrigo Bentancur seemed to take out Kai Havertz to win back the ball with the game then allowed to continue. There was also debate over whether Richarlison was offside, too, and obstructing the view of Blues goalkeeper Edouard Mendy. And, for Kane’s late leveller, Chelsea believed defender Marc Cucurella was fouled by Cristian Romero - insisting the Argentina international had pulled the left-back’s hair. Tuchel said: I don’t think just some of the fans think that [Anthony Taylor has made some poor decisions against Chelsea]. “I can assure you the whole dressing room of us, every single person, thinks that. "I can’t understand how the first goal is not offside and I can’t understand when a player is pulled by their hair, the other player stays on the pitch. Pull someone else’s hair, stay on the pitch and attack the last corner. "This is for me without any explanation and I don't want to accept it. “Both goals should not stand and it’s a fair result because we were brilliant, deserved to win. This is my point of view."