Arsenal allowed Bernd Leno to join Fulham on Tuesday in a deal that could rise to £8million while Folarin Balogun joined Reims on loan and Charlie Patino headed to Blackpool. But the trio will not be the last players to leave through the exit door at the Emirates. Express Sport looks at four more who could be axed by Mikel Arteta next. An agreement has been struck between Arsenal and Galtasaray for the sale of Torreira. However, the player is yet to decide if he wants to make that move. The Uruguay international has not played for the Gunners in over two years. There is also interest from Italy and it won't be long before his future is resolved. Mari is in talks with Serie A club Monza about a return to Italy. He spent six months of last season on loan at Udinese. The return of William Saliba this summer means the Spaniard is further down the pecking order at the Emirates. Udinese are also linked with bringing the defender back to the club. Transfer news: Man Utd six deals, Chelsea's Barca revenge, Arsenal's next Henry  DON'T MISSSmith Rowe ruled out as Arsenal could be without four against PalaceChelsea's electric XI with De Jong and make two more new signingsTottenham have Zaniolo swap possibility after AC Milan pull plug on two deals Bellerin appears to have no future at Arsenal and is keen on leaving the club on a permanent basis. He wants to join Real Betis and Betis want to sign him. Bellerin impressed last season while on loan at the La Liga club. However, it remains to be seen if Betis will be able to afford the fee Arsenal want for the player, who has entered the final year of his contract.   Iceland goalkeeper Runarsson is attracting interest from clubs in Turkey, according to the Evening Standard. He spent last year in Belgium with OH Leuven after a poor first season in north London. USA international Matt Turner will be the deputy to Aaron Ramsdale this season after signing from New England Revolution. Runarsson has likely played his final game for the Gunners, with Estonia international Karl Hein set to be third in line for Arteta this season.