On rare occasions, however, cynicism would not just be misplaced but ridiculous. The Lionesses' triumph on Sunday night was a perfect example of that. It was not just joyous. It felt, genuinely, like a transformative moment in our nation's history. In part, that was because it lanced a boil - the 56 years of hurt since England last won a major tournament. But more than that, it was because of who won, and how. I'm an obsessive football fan, a season-ticket holder for decades. But to be honest, for most of my 50 years or so following Spurs, the idea that I might watch a women's match on TV, let alone go to one, seemed silly. I didn't know any of the players and wasn't that bothered. That changed a few years ago - around the time of the last Women's Euros in 2017 and the 2019 Women's World Cup, both of which had excellent coverage and showed how wrong I was. The skill and tactical nous - and the passion - were superb. The launch of the Women's Super League in 2011 was a pivotal moment, bringing a dozen professional teams. And the current broadcast deal has lifted it into the mainstream, with games on the BBC and other channels. But winning the Euros is something else - a genuine moment of national togetherness, with 17 million watching on BBC1 and another 5.9 million online. Put into context, when Harry married Meghan, 11.5 million viewers tuned in. Women's football is now not just on the cusp of a breakthrough: it has made it. And it's all the more uplifting thanks to the manner of the team's victory. Throughout the Euros, they have been calm, dignified and professional - an approach mirrored by the fans. What a contrast on Sunday - where there was not a single arrest and an atmosphere of warmth and pure fun - with last summer's men's Euro final, when yobs shamed the game. Much of the focus since Sunday has rightly been on the need to expand grassroots facilities and school soccer for girls. It's a depressing fact that 37 per cent of schools still don't let girls play football, a legacy of the ban on women's football as "quite unsuitable for females" that the FA imposed until 1971. It's important that everyone involved seizes this moment to make sure that it really does mark the start of a new era for the women's game. Back in 2005, when London won the right to host the Olympics, then PM Tony Blair spoke of the legacy he wanted of "millions more young people in Britain and across the world participating in sport, improving their lives as a result". Similar promises have been made over the Commonwealth Games, now on in Birmingham at a cost of £780million. But last week, 10 years on from the London Olympics, a survey found 61 per cent of sports leaders do not believe the games left such a legacy. Most said they did not "inspire a generation", as promised. And the NationalAudit Office found the proportion of adults participating in sport declined in the three years after the Games. What we know for sure is that "legacy" does not just happen. It needs determination to build for the future and, crucially, money. In that context, it's a start that the Government is to invest £230million on grassroots football facilities, with some pitches and sports centres named in honour of England's stars. But football as a whole is hugely wealthy - it should not just be left to the Government and taxpayers' money. As a pretty basic start, girls should not be blocked by their own school if they want to play. But this is not just about girls playing football - boys, too, need access to facilities. Not all of us are sporty. Some children have little interest in playing football, even if they like to watch it. There is, however, a wider message from the Lionesses triumph which is just as relevant to them - and to all of us. It's that hard work and the right attitude pays off. England didn't win by chance. They won because the squad were at the peak of their powers, a result of dedication and focus. And - thanks to inspirational manager, Sarina Wiegman - they were able to channel their skills to cope with all that was thrown at them on the pitch. This is why sport is about far more than just sporting prowess. It's about resilience, grit and determination. That's a lesson for life itself.