Chelsea have sent Wesley Fofana to the USA to undergo his medical, according to reports. Chelsea finally agreed a fee with Leicester on Friday for the France defender but are now seeking assurances over the player's condition following previous injuries. The Blues are set to pay an initial £70million for Fofana. It would take their spending this summer to over £250m as new owner Todd Boehly continues to back manager Thomas Tuchel. But Boehly is set to leave no stone unturned ahead of the mega-money deal. Fofana has missed a large number of matches while at Leicester due to injury. And The Athletic claims he was flown to the USA on Sunday to undergo a medical. No problems are expected but Chelsea want 'peace of mind' over long-term issues the player had earlier in his career. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Chelsea Zaha talks, Spurs deal blocked  Instead of carrying out his medical in the UK, Chelsea have chosen to delay the deal slightly. Therefore it appears Fofana will not be available to make his debut for the trip to Southampton on Tuesday. Fofana fractured his fibula and injured his ankle ligaments in pre-season at Leicester last year. He was out for a period of seven months before making his return in March. He has made just 37 Premier League appearances for Leicester since joining from Saint-Etienne in 2020. However, he has done enough to convince Chelsea to splash out on what could become a world-record deal for a defender including add-ons. Fofana has been left out for both of Leicester's last two matches, including the 2-1 loss at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Blues boss Tuchel refused to comment on a deal after the final whistle at the weekend. DON'T MISSArsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered'Arsenal already have 'their own De Bruyne' as Arteta seeks late dealMan Utd may give Antony a world-class partner in crime before deadline  However, Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers was more open. The Northern Irishman insists he wants a quick resolution so he and the club can move on. Rodgers said: "It’s the same with any player. For me if they decide they want to move and see their future elsewhere it is better to have it done as quickly as you possibly can. "You have to prepare a team and a group of players and you have to maybe replace that player. Every coach will tell you the same. It doesn’t benefit anyone if it drags on. So we will see what happens over the weekend." If a deal for Fofana does go through, he could make his Chelsea debut next weekend at home to West Ham.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here