The Foreign Secretary and her rival for leadership of the Conservative Party Rishi Sunak have both laid out plans for the NHS, which is grappling with a huge backlog, workforce crisis and creaking infrastructure. Ms Truss has said she would improve the service by targeting “layers of management” in the NHS, identifying micro-management as an issue and vowing to reduce Whitehall control. She also U-turned over a policy proposal to end national pay deals for public sector staff in England in a move which was condemned by the Royal College of Nursing as lowering nurses' pay. Mr Sunak wants to fine patients £10 if they miss a GP appointment, pledges to cut waiting times by the end of this year, cut red tape to recruit more doctors and nurses from overseas and call out “poor” leadership. He has described tackling the NHS backlog as the biggest public services emergency. On cutting NHS managers, Ian Kirkpatrick, Professor of Public Management at the University of York, told Express.co.uk: “That would be a fatal error. It would be a dangerous mistake to start trying to target NHS managers. They are viewed as part of the problem when they are part of the solution.” He said both left and right wing politicians’ pronouncements on NHS manager numbers are unhelpful, saying Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting has also talked about excessive bureaucracy and cuts. Professor Kirkpatrick said talk of such cuts goes down well with the public, but is not based on the facts.  He explained less than two percent of the NHS workforce are managers. This compares to roughly 9 to 9.5 percent in the private and public sectors as a whole. Professor Kirkpatrick said: “There are not enough managers given the size of the NHS. I would argue the NHS should invest in management capability to deal with the scale of the problems it faces. It’s under-managed at the moment. It’s the world’s fourth largest organisation in terms of employment and one of the most complicated.” Earlier this year there were reports of a rise in the number of health service officials since February 2020. A report by think tank Policy Exchange found the number of Department for Health and NHS England officials soared to 14,515, from just 7,883 in 2020. Total pay for bureaucrats at the Department of Health and NHS England doubled over the same period, while the number of senior officials increased by 125 percent.  READ MORE ABOUT A THERAPY DOG BEING MAULED  Professor Kirkpatrick said: “Politicians might be picking up on that, but it relates to NHS England, the body that oversees the NHS. “That increase is probably linked to fall out from Covid, the roll out of the national vaccination program and underlying demands. “To extrapolate from that and say there are too many managers and bureaucrats in the NHS is highly misleading.” He criticised the view there are thousands of highly paid managers who do not contribute anything to the NHS and take resources away from clinical staff, saying the service’s managers are paid less compared to the bosses of firms in the private sector who can take home millions of pounds a year.  DON'T MISS: Who won latest Tory leadership debate – Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak? VOTE [POLL] Rishi Sunak confronted over campaign website in tense audience clash [REPORT] Nick Clegg mercilessly MOCKED as he returns to London [REVEALED]  Professor Kirkpatrick said: “[NHS manager] salaries, relative to the corporate sector, are minuscule. The idea they are overpaid is nonsensical.” He described NHS managers as an easy target for politicians despite the fact it was under the administration of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher - who both Tory leadership hopefuls have sought to emulate in some way during the race for No. 10 - that such roles were brought in. Professor Kirkpatrick said: “A lot of these myths [about NHS management] are not only wrong but also counter productive. Promoting these ideas and misconceptions will make it harder to reform the NHS.” He acknowledged current Government reforms encouraging greater collaboration between trusts, communities and care services, are leading the NHS in the right direction, but such changes need managers to see them through.  He added: “If you don’t have managers to deal with these complex operations, the work falls on the shoulders of clinical staff. Doctors would be handling the work dealt with by managers and administrators. We already have a massive labour shortage in the NHS. That will only get worse. “If you start piling more pressure on top of clinical demands that could exacerbate the workforce crisis. Attempts to do down managers are not in the public interest.” This week the NHS Confederation accused Ms Truss and Mr Sunak of failing to appreciate the pressure the NHS is under or proposing any meaningful, long term solutions. It identifies the most pressing need is for a fully costed and funded workforce plan to deal with the 105,000 vacancies in the NHS and 165,000 vacancies in social care. The organisation, which speaks for health professionals in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, also called for more capital investment to upgrade much of the NHS’s crumbling estate, buildings and infrastructure as well as a rescue package for social care which it says remains far from fixed and which it says is leading to significant extra demand on the health service.  Professor Kirkpatrick welcomed Mr Sunak identifying the NHS backlog as the biggest public services emergency. He said the Government had done the right thing by introducing the social care levy to help address the crisis the sector is in, but he warned this is now potentially under threat. Mr Sunak, whose resignation as Chancellor is widely viewed as bringing down Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s premiership, has also vowed to call out “poor” leadership in the NHS if Tory members choose him as the party’s next leader. In response, Professor Kirkpatrick said: “Mistakes have been made. There have been examples of substandard leadership. There is a need to call out poor leadership, but the risk is it becomes disincentivising.” He warned such a move could also deter managers from innovating or taking risks aimed at improving the way the NHS is run. Professor Kirkpatrick asked: “[Mr Sunak] is right to call out poor leadership, but how much emphasis do you place on that relative to other things?” Ms Truss has suggested there should also be less direction from Whitehall. Professor Kirkpatrick said many people share the view there should be greater delegation and more decentralisation. He added: “Where she is wrong is to talk about cutting managers. That’s the toxic part of this whole thing. It’s counter productive.” However, the professor welcomed Ms Truss highlighting the state of capital investment and NHS infrastructure, but he argued the number one priority should be addressing the workforce crisis.  He added: “Pressure has to be taken off the NHS by giving equal weight to dealing with the workforce crisis in social care.” New technology and a programme of capital investment could also help boost productivity. He warned: “For all these things to happen, you need to have effective management and effective leadership. “We need to take the idea of recruiting managers seriously otherwise none of this will be realised. Who will lead it? “Especially if clinicians are worked to the bone dealing with patients and patient demand.” 