Haas team principal Guenther Steiner has revealed talks between his team and Mick Schumacher are non-existent. Schumacher has enjoyed a season of ups and downs in 2022, and there are suggestions he may be without a drive for 2023 if he looks to join a rival team. Schumacher suffered a number of disappointing crashes before scoring his first F1 points at the British Grand Prix. Before he put in his impressive performance at Silverstone, the German suffered crashes in Saudi Arabia and Monaco that undoubtedly cost Haas millions to repair. Silly season - the time of year when drivers make deals to secure their immediate futures amid plenty of rumours - has been particularly wild this season, with Alpine at the centre of it as highly-rated Australian star Oscar Piastri refused to sign with the team despite their assumptions. Meanwhile, Alpine lost two-time world champion Fernando Alonso to Aston Martin. Alonso is joining Aston Martin to replace F1 legend Sebastian Vettel after the German announced his retirement. Schumacher was rumoured to be in the mix for the seat, but he seemingly missed out. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton drops new Mercedes contract hint as he copies Alonso With so many talented drivers hoping to claim a seat on the grid for 2023, there are doubts over whether Schumacher will race at all next year. According to RacingNews365.com, contract talks between the 23-year-old and Haas are yet to begin. Steiner remains adamant that complications and drama in the driver market are not going to affect negotiations with Schumacher. Steiner said: “I don’t really know what Mick has done, and we have not spoken about a drive for next year with Mick. “He hasn’t spoken to us and we haven’t spoken to him – we want to see what’s happening. This Aston Martin thing happened very quickly and so nobody had time to really think about it, but there were rumours he [Schumacher] could replace Vettel, but that went away pretty quick. “We didn’t look at what other people were doing.” DON'T MISSMcLaren's fee to sack Daniel Ricciardo leaves Brown 'uncomfortable'Lewis Hamilton vows Mercedes are 'going to get a win' this seasonLewis Hamilton reveals dad's words to him after Max Verstappen defeat Schumacher has links to Ferrari, and Steiner admitted any contract talks would be decided along with the Italian giants. Haas are not obliged to sign a Ferrari-backed driver for 2023 to pair alongside Kevin Magnussen. While Haas weigh up their options, Schumacher recently commented he is ‘ready’ for a move to Ferrari - but it is difficult to see how he would fit or improve their current line-up, given the duo of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz is considered particularly strong. According to AS, Schumacher said: “I have grown up with Ferrari since 2019 and I know the procedures. I would be delighted to show what I am capable of.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 28 after the four-week summer break.