Either positive scenario for the Democrats rests upon the ten percent of voters who have not yet made up their minds who to vote for, or whether to vote all, in November’s congressional contest. The first encouraging sign for Democrats came in our new Democracy Institute/Express.co.uk poll that found the Republican lead on the generic congressional ballot had slipped from eight points to six. The Republican lead on the generic senatorial ballot also narrowed, from six to four points. What happened in July? The short answer is a sizeable group of undecided Democrats decided to come off the fence and declare their intention to stick with Joe Biden’s party. The long answer is the Supreme Court happened. Those no-longer-undecided Democratic voters are more enthusiastic about voting for their party’s candidates now that the judicial system has given them something to vote against. With Donald Trump’s name not on the ballot this year, the Supreme Court stepped in during the summer to provide American liberals with plenty to fear. The latter’s most pressing fears are the potential loss of abortion rights across a swathe of the country, the weakening of gun control provisions, and the legal weakening (in their estimation) of the constitutional wall between Church and State thanks to a school prayer case involving a public (that is, a government-run) high school. The Democrats are counting on a further narrowing of the gap with the Republicans, as more undecided Democrats come home to their party over the next three months. In their foretelling of events, by Election Day the party’s chances of retaining its majority status in both the House of Representatives and Senate will be no worse than a coin toss. If the Democrats’ take on the campaign’s fluidity is accurate, there is much for Republicans themselves to fear. Fortunately for the Republicans, the Democrats are grabbing onto an somewhat improved national picture that nevertheless portends the governing party’s defeat. Our polling does show that the relatively high number of undecided voters – one in twelve for House races and one in ten for Senate contests – contains comparatively few undecided Republicans, no more than 10 percent of the total. Such is the level of enthusiasm on the Republican side, there are relatively few Republicans who have any hesitation this year about casting a ballot for their party. Given the absence of undecided Republicans, Democrats see this sizeable pool of Democrat-oriented undecided voters and begin to salivate. Rather than patiently casting a line in the hope of the occasional partisan bite, they see the task more akin to shooting Democratic fish in a barrel. This is where the Democrats are likely to be disappointed. Approximately 45 percent of the remaining undecided are registered Democrats who are also regular voters. Should every one of them end up voting for the Democrats this autumn the party could limit the Republicans’ national popular vote edge to the low single digits. That would not be enough, however, to prevent a Republican majority in either the House or the Senate. Those undecided Democrats returning to the partisan fold reside in overwhelmingly safe Democratic districts and states. Their net effect on competitive House and Senate races will be minimal. Nonetheless, the larger problem for the Democrats is that a significant proportion of these undecided Democrats are simply not going to vote at all this year. They are what election analysts call “high propensity” voters, so they almost always vote. Their default position is to cast a ballot and to cast that ballot for the Democrats. This year, however, these undecideds are terribly disappointed with Biden’s presidency and their congressional party. Most are working class people and are hurting economically. Although on the political Left, these populists, who voted for Bernie Sanders in the 2016 and 2020 Democratic primaries, share much in common with their populist peers on the Right. Both groups condemn the political establishment and the corruption of the Washington D.C. swamp. Both are more directly affected than wealthier Americans by the crime wave plaguing the nation. Both are frustrated by the cost to taxpayers and consumers of the Biden administration’s support for Ukraine. And, both dislike the Democrats’ prioritisation of woke, "progressive" educational and gender policies. These disenchanted populist Democrats include a good many Black males so underwhelmed by the Democratic party that, for the first time in their lives, they are actually considering voting Republican. The vast majority of these voters will not end up voting Republican this year. This election is an election or two too soon to witness their probable transition from reliably Democratic to at least occasional Republican voters. Instead, they simply will not participate in this election, as they cast a pox on the houses of both parties. Their non-vote will ensure that the Democrats are fishing in a far smaller pool of undecided voters than they would wish. The Democrats’ other problem is that the undecided pool shrinks further once one appreciates that the remaining 45 percent of undecided voters are actually political independents. Between elections, independent voters swing back and forth between the two parties. Independents often have been the difference between victory and defeat, helping their preferred presidential candidates, Trump in 2016 and Biden in 2020. However, they did not make the difference for Mitt Romney, their preferred candidate in 2012. The conventional wisdom suggests that, historically, these voters are quite moderate, even centrist, in their views. Consequently, perhaps they are ready-made to receive calm reassurances from temperate Democratic politicians? No, they are not. For independents, will the harmony of measured Democratic tones stand in striking, and persuasive, contrast to the assertive, even aggressive, proclamations emanating from candidates representing the Republican party’s rabidly pro-Trump base? No, they will not. Crucially, today’s independents are not your parents’ or grandparents’ political independents. In a nutshell, they are unusually, even uncharacteristically, fired up about politics, but not in a glass half-full way. Although independents are disproportionately affluent, well-educated voters, and thereby share little of populist America’s demographic and socio-economic profile, they now share the populists’ impatience, even anger, towards the nation’s political class. Independent voters pride themselves on their pragmatic, common sensical, and non-ideological approach to politics. For example, they are aghast at the federal government’s spending spree that has produced record levels of government debt and record inflation. Yes, they certainly detested Trump’s personality and his political style, but they miss his ability to make the (figurative) trains run on time, as well as his aversion to foreign wars. The vast majority of independents now view Biden as too old and too weak a leader, and his party’s leaders too inept, for them to consider endorsing the Democrats again this year. Hence, independents disapprove of Biden’s performance by massive margins and clear majorities of independents plan on voting for Republican congressional and senatorial candidates. With Trump absent from the ballot, undecided independents will end up punishing the Democrats by backing their opponents.