Hudson Institute Director for China Strategy Michal Pillsbury said Nancy Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan has left China “in a bad much” and they are now in rush “to punish somebody”. Referring to China’s latest decision to stop sales to Taiwan in response to Pelosi’s visit, he added China will start by punishing Taiwan as he forecasted they might be going to wait for a more direct confrontation with the US “until they get a lot stronger in a few years”. Mr Pillsbury told News Nation: “They are debating what to do. “They want to punish somebody, they want to do something. “They’re probably going to wait until they see what Nancy Pelosi has to say before she leaves. “They’re in bad mood and they want to punish somebody. “So far what they’ve been aiming at is punishing Taiwan.” He explained: “They’ve stopped the sale to Taiwan and a special kind of sand that is crucial to chipmaking to this huge worldwide global chipmaking facility in Taiwan. “They haven’t tried to punish the United States yet in these first few hours. “They might just be a little bit too afraid to punish the US directly yet until they get a lot stronger in a few more years. READ MORE: Pelosi praises Taiwan as ‘one of the freest societies’ “They seem to focus on Taiwan as if it’s somehow Taiwan’s fault. “I don’t think that Taiwan invited Speaker Pelosi. “I think she wanted to come on her own”. The comments came as US Speaker Nancy Pelosi landed in Taipei Tuesday evening to meet Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen and confirm US commitment to Taiwan. DON'T MISS: China's aggression against Taiwan risks war in Asia: 'Pick a side!' [WATCH]Fury as 'stupid' US 'propaganda' claims EU exit 'fantasy' [LISTEN]Face the facts! Fury erupts as EU throws Dublin under the bus [INSIGHT] In a joint statement with Taiwan President, Ms Pelosi said: “Forty-three years ago, America made a promise to always stand with Taiwan. Today our delegation came to Taiwan to make it unequivocally clear we will not abandon our commitment to Taiwan”. China earlier warned that the US would “pay the price” for not preventing Nancy Pelosi's visit. In the wake of the visit, China said it will hold almost a week of military exercises that will include live-fire drills in six zones close to Taiwan. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi contemned Pelosi’s decision to visit Taiwan and warned of “punishment” against those who offend China. He said: “This is a complete farce. The United States is violating China’s sovereignty under the guise of so-called ‘democracy’, those who offend China will be punished”. READ NEXT: GB News: SNP 'in intensive care' over independence bidTruss vows to get economy 'FIRING on all cylinders'Sunak vow after members poll gives him lead on Brexit trustTory leadership chaos as security alert delays voteHuge plume of smoke rises near shopping centre as blaze rages