Prince Charles, who is next in line to the throne, has long been believed to be planning to create a more "slimmed down" monarchy when he takes over as head of the Royal Family. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed Charles' royal shake-up plans with host Pandora Forsyth and discussed who will potentially "make the cut" within the future monarchy line-up. Ms Forsyth asked Mr Palmer: "Who is actually going to make the cut, do you think, with Prince Charles heading it up?" The royal correspondent replied: "Certainly you will have King Charles and Queen Camilla, as we now know. "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be Prince and Princess of Wales, almost certainly. "Their children, eventually, but we are a long way off that yet." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as Duchess friend uses wrong royal title He added: "I suppose George, well of course George and Charlotte have already been out, and Louis [too]. "They have been out doing some royal engagements with their parents." He continued: "I think as George gets into his mid-teens to late teens, we might see him doing individual things. During this time, George would most likely still be in full-time education so we probably "won't see much of him". READ MORE: 'Unwise' Prince Harry made crucial 'mistake' in UK row as Duke 'overplayed' his hand Mr Palmer claimed that apart from Prince Charles, Camilla, and the Cambridges, "the jury's out really". He added: "I think it just partly depends on when a change of reign happens and [on] the family circumstances." He noted "in his understanding" that Charles is "very appreciative" of his sister, Princess Anne. This means that there could be "a role for her", although this is "not certain". DON'T MISS Due to the Queen's ongoing health struggles, Charles has already begun to partake in a more heavier role within the monarchy, often seen representing his mother at various events. In May, the 73-year-old stood in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament, an event that the Queen has only missed twice during her 70-year reign. He has also taken on additional official duties such as overseeing investiture ceremonies at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle. READ NEXT: