Bob Arum has revealed the four potential locations where the proposed undisputed heavyweight unification clash between Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk may take place. Fury’s US promoter has affirmed that Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates (Abu Dhabi), and the United States (Las Vegas) are among the frontrunners to host the blockbuster showdown. Fury and Usyk are reportedly in negotiations to face each other on December 17 in Saudi Arabia – one day before the world cup final kicks off in neighbouring Qatar. According to the Saudi minister for sport, Prince Mohammad Abdulaziz, the Kingdom is ‘very interested’ in hosting the event with the desired location being in the nation’s capital of Riyadh. However, Arum has informed Boxing Scene that he expects the fight to take place within the first three months of 2023 and Saudi Arabia is not the only country in the running to secure a deal. “Saudi Arabia I think had a good experience with the last fight that they did [Usyk-Joshua]. And Qatar is hosting this enormous World Cup event [in November and December], so they might be interested. And then, I’m sure Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates, will be interested. So, yeah, we’ll take all of that into account,” Arum told Boxing Scene. “And there is a lot of interest from people in the United States. I think there’s a group of casinos in Las Vegas that are trying to get together and bring the event to Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas. So, that’s all up in the air. We’ll all decide what the best deal is. It’ll be in consultation with Queensberry, Frank Warren and his son, George, and the fighters. But we’re in a great position.” Despite Arum’s confidence, there is still the issue of money. Fury recently demanded that he is paid a colossal £500million to fight the Ukrainian and has threatened to walk away from the deal if the funds are not raised by August 31. In an interview with talkSPORT, he said: “To fight this unknown entity and give him an opportunity of legendary status? They have to pay for that. I don’t mind chucking a dog a bone, but I don’t want to chuck him the full f***ing dogs home. They have a week. It’s August 24. They have a week to submit their offers. “I want it in writing with proof of funds. This fight is purely about money. I’m happily retired. I don’t need money, I’ve got plenty of money. It’s the biggest fight in the world so it needs to be the biggest payday in the world. [Floyd] Mayweather got £400million to fight [Manny] Pacquiao, I want £500m!”