 Financial experts have warned drivers of dramatic increases in energy prices this winter, with one group predicting energy bills could soar to more than £3,600 a year. As a result, electric vehicle owners are being told to ensure they are on the best possible smart charging tariffs at home.  Until now, EV drivers have enjoyed incredible savings compared to driving a petrol or diesel car. However, industry experts are now predicting wholesale prices to more than double this winter. It is expected that this will raise the Standard Variable Tariff set by Ofgem to around 60 pence per kWh (up from the current 28p/kWh). Drivers of electric cars will be hit especially hard by this increase as it could see their running costs rise dramatically. READ MORE: 'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack  EV motorists have been told they can protect themselves from the worst of the forthcoming rises by charging their car using a smart charger. If charging an electric vehicle on an off-peak tariff, EV drivers can still enjoy the benefits of those low running costs that are the equivalent of just 1.9 pence per mile with the likes of Octopus Intelligent at 7.5p/kWh. That means a typical UK driver’s annual mileage of 6,800 miles in an average EV could cost just £127.50. By comparison, at the current Standard Variable Tariff of 28p/kWh, that same annual mileage would cost a driver £476. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to visit petrol station more often to boost fuel economy [INSIGHT]The best fuel-efficient family cars on the market - Ford, Peugeot, VW [IMPORTANT]Angry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING]  If, as predicted, that standard electricity tariff rises to 60p/kWh, those same 6800 miles would cost an EV driver £1020 – eight times more than on an off-peak tariff. David Watson, CEO of Ohme, has warned drivers that they need to future-proof their motoring costs with a smart charger. He said: “It’s great that so many drivers have made the switch to an electric vehicle, but if they’re not already on an off-peak tariff, those drivers need to quickly review their options to protect themselves from these future wholesale price rises. “Our advice at Ohme is to speak to your existing electricity supplier and see if they offer an off-peak tariff such as Octopus or OVO Energy.  “If they don’t, then look at switching suppliers to one that does so that you can offset the impacts of these significant price increases that experts are predicting.” By connecting to the National Grid, Ohme’s Home Pro charger can automatically adjust its charging for drivers in real time. This allows drivers to take advantage of low price charging with smart off-peak tariffs. Drivers can further lower their CO2 impact by opting to charge their car when renewable energy generation on the National Grid is at its highest.  For those without home charging capabilities, the latest Zap-Map data shows that 1,332 new charging devices were added in July. At the end of July 2022, there were 33,281 charging points across the UK, across 20,336 charging locations. This represents a 35 percent increase in the number of charging devices since July 2021. These figures do not include the many charge points installed at home or at workplace locations, which are estimated to be more than 400,000. Some of these charge points are available to the public in some form via community or visitor charging.