Britney Spears' ex-husband Kevin Federline, 44, shared videos of the Baby One More Time hitmaker allegedly arguing with their sons Sean, 16, and Jayden, 15, in a now-deleted Instagram post. In addition to his post on Thursday, Kevin has been publicly commenting on Britney's now-defunct controversial conservatorship via TV interviews. The former backup dancer shared footage of ex-wife Britney, 40, appearing to argue with their sons on Instagram on Thursday, telling the award-winning singer: "The lies have to stop." The footage - filmed and shared without Britney's consent - comes after the global icon claimed her teenage sons Sean, 16, and Jayden, 15, had acted "hateful" towards her when they visited. The pop icon's lawyer Mathew Rosengart claims her ex-husband has created "various legal issues for himself, including, but not limited to, implicating cyber-harassment and cyber-bullying statutes" following his decision to share unauthorised videos of Britney and her two sons online. He described his client as a "brilliantly talented, extremely hardworking icon" and adds that "the same, unfortunately, cannot be said about Mr. Federline". READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White furiously defended by co-star It comes after the dad-of-six's recent tell-all interview and public social media post. In a lengthy statement shared by Mirror Online, Mr Rosengart began: "Britney Spears is a brilliantly talented, extremely hardworking icon, who is rightfully beloved and respected by millions around the world. "The same, unfortunately, cannot be said about Mr. Federline, who for reasons that are inexplicable, decided to give a gratuitous interview that has hurt the mother of his children. "Britney has faithfully supported her children and she loves them dearly. Whether he realizes it or not, Mr. Federline has not only violated the privacy and dignity of the mother of his children, he has undermined his own children, whose privacy he should protect. "Putting aside his ITV interview, Mr. Federline’s ill-advised decision to post an old video of his 11 and 12-year-old children was cruel, bottom of the barrel stuff. It was abhorrent."   He continued: "In addition to demeaning himself and violating societal norms, he has now also created various legal issues for himself, including, but not limited to, implicating cyber-harassment and cyber-bullying statutes, among other things. "It has been my honor to work with Britney, to suspend her father as conservator, to help her gain her freedom and dignity, and to help protect her from the type of bullying she endured in the past — and we will not tolerate bullying in any area." The Hollywood lawyer concluded: "We are working with Instagram to ensure that Mr. Federline adheres to its rules and we are exploring all appropriate relief against him. "In the meantime, as Britney poignantly said, 'whatever is occurring between her and her boys should remain private.' We urge Mr. Federline to act with a measure of grace and decency and to cease from publicly discussing private matters, which benefits no one." DON'T MISS... Robin Williams' wife on what led to actor's tragic death[LATEST]Carol Vorderman risks fury as she 'leaks next Strictly contestant'[STRICTLY]Ageless Liz Hurley, 57, strips down to blue bikini on-screen[PICTURES] The Toxic singer said her children told her this summer they wanted to see her less and that she had not seen them since. She added that this was a "pretty harsh decision" in a now deleted Instagram post. In response, Kevin wrote: "I can not sit back and let my sons be accused in this way after what they’ve been through. "As much as it hurts us, we decided as a family to post these videos the boys took when they were 11 & 12. "This isn’t even the worst of it. The lies have to stop. I hope our kids grow up to be better than this. #NeverFearTruth" - the post has since been deleted. The videos, which Express.co.uk viewed before they were deleted from the platform, appeared to show Britney arguing with her sons. Kevin and Britney were married from 2004 until 2007 and the former couple shares two teenage sons. Express.co.uk has contacted Britney Spears and Kevin Federline's representatives for comment.