Paula Irvine, 48, took hundreds of pounds from her elderly victim over the course of two months.  The victim's daughter-in-law became suspicious when she discovered about £600 was missing from the woman's purse so she installed a CCTV security system in her property. Irvine was filmed, just eight days later, crouching behind the armchair the woman was sat in and rifling through her handbag. The carer took £70 in cash in the clip, played to the judge at Liverpool Crown Court on Monday. She was also seen "acting suspicious and appearing standoffish" by the victim's grandson when he visited her. When the family checked with employer Local Solutions, it transpired that she "wasn't rota'd to work that day and shouldn't have been there". The carer had also been upstairs at the address in Orrell Park, Liverpool, at times - claiming to have been cleaning. However, the allegations and footage were reported to the police, and the carer was suspended pending further investigation.  Irvine's six-month jail term was suspended for one year and she walked free from court.  Sentencing, Recorder Peter Cowan said: "It was a sordid, nasty offence to commit in any circumstances, never mind in the position of trust which you had been placed. You were committing these unpleasant offences over a period of six weeks. "What is striking about this is, unsurprisingly, [the victim] was very upset when she discovered your taking money from her. It has caused her to suffer a loss of confidence and independence. "People depend on the trust and integrity of carers. When anybody falls short and betrays that trust, that has a ripple effect. "The conclusion I've come to, by a narrow margin, is that appropriate punishment can be achieved without making the sentence one of immediate custody. You have been punished by the loss of your job and good character." Irvine, who is a grandmother, had cared for the pensioner and her late husband for five years. She was one of several carers who visited the OAP four times a day to help make meals and give medication. She started stealing from her victim, who has dementia and angina, in June last year.   In a last-ditch attempt to cover up her crimes, Irvine placed an envelope containing £540 upstairs in the property and falsely told officers she had placed it there for safekeeping after seeing her victim's purse left near the unlocked back door. Irvine had swindled at least £440 from her on five occasions, all of which she admitted. Members of the family were present in court as a statement was read out on their behalf, describing how they had been left "disgusted, upset and disappointed". It read: "When we found that money had been going missing on a regular basis, the family didn't suspect Paula initially as she had always appeared to be a hard-working, caring person. Someone in a position of power who was meant to be helping [the victim] was actually abusing her. "We are disgusted that someone could do this to an elderly lady who trusted her. She took advantage of a lovely 93-year-old woman with dementia." Steve McNally, defending, told the court that the "circumstances were unpalatable and difficult to hear". He added his client had "struggled financially" and had fallen into debts, having been in receipt of benefits even while working. Mr McNally said: "There is very little mitigation to be drawn from the circumstances, other than perhaps to say it began impulsively - she still can't understand why she acted in the way she did. It will be quite apparent to the court that this is entirely out of character. "Very unusually, she didn't spend the money she stole. She didn't lavish herself with luxury items. "What she achieved from taking the money is nothing more than stress, shame and remorse. Equally unusually, she returned the money to [the victim]. "She is described as the glue that holds her family together. Her involvement in the criminal justice system has been a searing and stark experience for this particular lady and we submit with some confidence it will not be repeated." Irvine, who has no previous convictions, was also told to serve a three-month curfew from 6pm to 5am plus a 20-day rehabilitation activity requirement.  The mum, from Walton, Liverpool, must also pay a victim surcharge.