Bravo’s hit reality series Below Deck premiered its Sailing Yacht spin-off in 2020, and this is where viewers were introduced to Paget Berry. After becoming a fan-favourite, the star was overwhelmed with praise and support after announcing his recent engagement.  During season one, Paget Berry was introduced as First Officer onboard the Parsifal III alongside his then-girlfriend Ciara Duggan. As they sailed across Greece, Paget was able to stay away from the drama even after he and third crew Georgia Grobler were often flirtatious. Despite this, the First Officer stayed away from the limelight and got on with his role. After the season finale, Paget and Ciara went their separate ways and neither of them returned for a second season. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family However, it appears Paget has found love again after announcing his engagement to Johana Mills. The reality star shared the exciting news on Instagram where he posted a compilation of clips with them together, including a snippet of the proposal. In his lengthy caption, Paget classed himself as “very lucky to meet a Harbour Town girl.” He reflected on their first date and revealed it was “love at first sight.”  Paget added: “Johana, I am so proud of you and all that you are achieving and I am super stoked to be your Fiancé and future husband.” Thousands of fans took to his comments with support and best wishes for the happy couple. This included @neeltje_masterson who wrote: “Could not be happier for you two! Beautiful couple.” @pippy_the_sausage_dog added: “So happy for you both! So lovely to see Paget happy and relaxed and to be able to share all the love!”  DON'T MISS...Rob Rinder blasted by GMB viewers for 'blaming' GP's during NHS crisis [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht stars drop cryptic clue about show's future [INSIGHT]Below Deck returning star ‘nervous’ to reunite with Captain Sandy [INSIGHT] A third fan @eligarmom3 commented: “I'm so happy for you both. Many many blessings to you!” Paget’s in-law @lunabear2202 also added: “Congratulations! Take care of my baby girl Pag. I love you both.” @debbie.erb wrote: “Congratulations you two!” Johana also took to the comment section and shared: “I’m glad we share nachos 50/50 now  couldn’t be luckier to be your future wife.”  Below Deck viewers have remained enthralled by the show’s raw look at working onboard a yacht. As well as catering to affluent and often demanding guests, the crew members go through drama of their own. Things usually kick off during a night out, where booze-fuelled feuds are sparked. The show was in such high demand that the network premiered Below Deck Sailing Yacht where viewers watched the drama unfold across the Ionian sea. Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available on Bravo in the US and available on Hayu in the UK 