Daniel Ricciardo has pointed to Sergio Perez as a source of inspiration amid speculation continuing to surround the Australian’s future in Formula 1. Ricciardo looks set to leave McLaren at the end of the 2022 season after an underwhelming tenure with the team since his high-profile switch from Renault. Ricciardo has a contract with McLaren that theoretically should keep him at the team until the end of 2023 but he looks set to leave at the end of this season. He won the 2021 Italian Grand Prix, but has ultimately struggled to match the expectations of him. The 33-year-old is also failing to keep pace with teammate Lando Norris, and McLaren are reportedly looking to clear the seat for compatriot Oscar Piastri. Rumours have been rife throughout the summer break regarding if and when Ricciardo might be forced out the team. Earlier this summer, Ricciardo told Motorsport.com that the performances of Perez at Red Bull has inspired him to believe a change in fortunes could happen for him. Ricciardo said: “We all believe that we can win. READ MORE: Hamilton savaged in sarcastic comment as Mansell bigs up Russell “I would prefer to win tomorrow, but it doesn't always work that way. At this point, 2024 or 2025 still sounds a long way off, but it will soon be. “You also pick up little things from Sergio Perez, for example. His career seemed over, but now he is potentially fighting for the world title. The sport can change so quickly.” Perez was almost without a seat at the end of 2020 but has managed to land at a championship-calibre car with Red Bull. For a moment, it appeared the Mexican’s career was over. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton shows off ripped body and sculpted abs in gym clipDaniel Ricciardo addresses F1 future with McLaren exit looking likelyMarko fires back at Red Bull critics with '95 per cent' salary claim However, he is now a world championship contender and a race winner as Red Bull rewarded Perez with a new contract until 2024 alongside Max Verstappen. Such a competitive seat is not available to Ricciardo, so he would likely have to return to Alpine if he was to chase the most competitive seat. He drove for the French outfit in 2019 and 2020 before joining McLaren. Alpine have an available seat after Fernando Alonso moved to Aston Martin to replace the retiring Sebastian Vettel. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 28 after the four-week summer break.