Diana was raised at Althorp House in Northamptonshire which was owned by her father Earl John Spencer and is now home to her brother Charles Spencer. Charles has spoken out regularly about his sister's tragic passing in August 1997 and over the past week has shared tributes left by fans at the family home. Earl Spencer has ensured that his sister’s memory stays alive at Althorp House for both visitors and members of the family. The home was built in 1508 and boasts 90 rooms, a lake and 13,000 acres of land which contains a temple dedicated to Diana. The lake is called 'The Round Oval Lake' and is where Princess Diana is buried. However, the precise location is secret and inaccessible to the public. The temple dedicated to the late Princess has her name inscribed at the top and has a black bench with a plaque hanging above it of a profile silhouette of Diana and the family crest. Over the past week, Charles Spencer has posted on his Instagram stories tributes left at the temple by visitors. A photo shared by Earl Spencer showed bunches of flowers left on the bench beneath the plaque with the caption: “Flowers kindly left by day visitors to Althorp”. Alongside the copious amounts of flowers which are left in honour of Diana are many postcards and messages to the so-called ‘people’s princess’. READ MORE: Joe Biden is DESTROYING the special relationship fear Brits - poll To mark the 20th anniversary of Diana’s passing in 2017, the Earl of Spencer had 36 trees planted for each year of her life along with hundreds of white roses, which were her favourite flowers, and water lilies. To the left and right of the bench on the wall are the inscriptions of quotes from the late Princess, with one saying: “Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society it is a goal and an essential part of my life a kind of destiny whoever is in distress can call on me I will come running wherever they are.” Diana met her future husband Prince Charles at Althorp House when he was invited to the family home by her sister Sarah Spencer. Charles Spencer grew up with his three older sisters at the house and inherited it in 1992 following the passing of his father. DON'T MISS: Russian morale in tatters as deadly HIMARS pound Putin's troops (REVEAL)Prince Harry teased Helen Mirren for her portrayal of the Queen (INSIGHT)Meghan 'must keep on going' with royal bombshells to sustain brand (REVEAL) The Earl will often share sneak peeks of the inside of his home on his Instagram with his favourite room in the house being the library with its wooden floors, chandeliers, and ceiling-high bookshelves. Wootton Hall in the house features marble checkerboard flooring from Italy where Diana practised her tap dancing. It is unknown how the Spencer family will mark the 25th anniversary of Diana’s passing on Wednesday. However, it is reported that her sons Prince William and Prince Harry will mark it separately.