Prince Harry and Meghan are set to visit the UK and Germany next month. According to a statement released by their representatives, the couple will be visiting "charities close to their hearts". It remains unknown, despite speculation, whether the couple will visit the Royal Family but according to the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers, the couple will hopefully have time "to visit the Queen" on their European trip. Speaking on Australia's Today, Mr Myers said: "We really don't know whether they will be making time to see either [Prince] William or Kate. "Maybe they'll have time to see the Queen. "Hopefully the Queen is going to be down in Winsdor, not too far from them, to welcome in the new Prime Minister around that time. "There's quite a lot up 'in the air' with their schedules." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's White House dreams in TATTERS 'yet to emerge as power-player' He added: "They will be doing a whislestop tour, multiple countries, multiple cities. "They are going to be landing in the UK on, around, September 5. "They are attending a summit of young leaders", whereby Meghan will be "making a speech". He claimed that the couple will then be "hot-footing" over to Düsseldorf in Germany. READ MORE: Royal Family warned looming threat could tear monarchy apart: 'Difficulty in the dynasty' Mr Myers continued: "It will be the one year countdown to Harry's Invictus Games. The couple will then return to London for the Wellchild Awards, a charity "very very close to Harry's heart". The visit will be the couple's first time in the UK since June. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan UK and Germany visit: Every scheduled event [SCHEDULE]Meghan and Harry to star in defaced currencies artwork [REPORT]Royal fans gush as Meghan Markle announces date for 'keynote speech' [REPORT] In June, Harry, Meghan and their two children travelled over to the UK, from their home in the US, for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend. They landed in the UK on June 1, one day before the celebrations began, and left on June 5, hours before the celebrations officially concluded. READ NEXT: