Toto Wolff and Lewis Hamilton could benefit from new 2023 rule changes after the FIA announced a plan to battle porpoising issues in a major win for Mercedes. Wolff has called for urgent action to be taken on the bouncing issues which has plagued the Silver Arrows this season. The team has demanded changes on safety grounds since Hamilton suffered severe back pains at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. However, Wolff has been met by opposition from rival team bosses who claimed his call for updates was purely a tactical one. Red Bull boss Christian Horner and Ferrari chief Mattia Binotto have both denied the need for regulation changes to solve the issues. But, the FIA has now sided with Mercedes’ argument as president Mohammed ben Sulayem announced the rules would be tweaked for next season. Ben Sulayem wrote: “Having discussed the porpoising issue with all 20 F1 drivers & 10 team principals, I’m happy to confirm that we will be submitting updated 2023 Technical Regulations to the WMSC this week to address this, in addition to the measures already taken for the remainder of this season.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton vows Mercedes are 'going to get a win' this season It is understood Wolff clashed with Horner and Wolff over porpoising changes at the Canadian Grand Prix. Wolff accused the others of playing “political games” to hold onto their competitive advantage. However, Binotto apparently hit back and claimed Wolff was only moaning because the Mercedes car was uncompetitive. The FIA have already announced new oscillating measurements from the Belgian Grand Prix but the new 2023 regulations will be on top of these updates. Speaking to Sport 1, Wolff said: “It's going to be very interesting. Let's see if the difference in ride height makes a difference for the teams that drive that low. "I don't believe in silver bullets about us suddenly being three tenths faster than anyone else, but it will be interesting." DON'T MISSHamilton vows to 'prove people wrong again' amid F1 retirement claims [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell told where they will finish  [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton cautious of Toto Wolff approach at Mercedes [INSIGHT] However, the FIA's decision is set to anger Red Bull and Ferrari. Binotto even revealed he would “try to figure out how to stop” changes to next year’s rules if they were introduced in an interview earlier this week. He told Motorsport.com Italy: “I hope there won’t be any changes, I don’t see any real reasons to make changes to the technical regulations for safety reasons, especially if we look at the latest races… there are no reasons to introduce changes to the technical regulation by citing safety reasons. So, I think it can’t happen, and if it does, we’ll try to figure out how to stop them."