Lorraine Kelly, 62, has shared a snap of her “handsome baby brother” whom she says she hasn’t seen since before the pandemic hit. Taking to Instagram, many of her 500,000 followers were stunned by how good-looking her brother was. She posted the snap of her silver-haired sibling dressed up in a crisp blue dress shirt, sporting a bushy beard and grinning for the camera. The TV show host wrote in the caption: “My handsome baby brother. “Haven’t seen him since Covid as he lives in #singapore. “He is funny and silly and very lucky to have @anisajohnny in his life!! See you both soon xxxxx. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life “Posted @withregram • @anisajohnny Favourite restaurant, with favourite hooman.” Some followers drew comparisons to Lorraine’s own daughter Rosie Smith, 27 and her brother Graham, while other fans were quick to compliment him. Eeh88 wrote: “Gosh Rosie looks like him! X” Moira_rooney penned: “Your brother is handsome Lorraine !!” Avrilmoller said: “Good looking brother” alongside a flame emoji. Freda.johnson.7165 commented: “What a handsome brother you have.” Lorraine is best known for hosting eponymous ITV talk-show Lorraine on which she has interviewed some of the biggest names in showbiz. These include Zac Efron, Natalie Portman and Mariah Carey among many other huge celebrities. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [OPINION] Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICS] Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [BBC] Despite saying she “loves” her job, Lorraine nevertheless confessed it could be enormously “frustrating” due to a lack of airtime. She explained to Express.co.uk: “The only thing about my job that is a wee bit frustrating is that I only generally get six or seven minutes to interview someone. “That’s fine, that’s the way it should be in the mornings, but sometimes when you talk to somebody you think, 'Agh I've got so much more to say to them!'” Alongside hosting Lorraine during the week, she also hosts the What If? podcast alongside Rosie. The duo have spoken to the likes of Eddie Izzard, Tim Peake and Craig David. “It’s lovely with the podcast because you have got that hour where you can talk to somebody for a bit longer about so many different topics,” she concluded. Lorraine added she was working on a fourth season of the podcast which is expected to be released in September.