The summer sunshine highlights just out dirty windows are, but achieving a streak-free finish can be difficult. Clean It, Fix It star Maxine Dwyer showed BBC viewers an easy way to clean windows, and it involves no scrubbing. 40 percent of Brits say they are too busy to clean, but not Maxine. “I’m going to tackle the windows - such a wonderful view, broad windows, lots of glass, but it needs to be cleaned,” she commented. It’s important to get as much natural light into your house as possible by cleaning the windows, as it’s been shown to help your eyesight, mood and even blood pressure. “Most people go down and down [with a squeegee], because it’s easier. I want to go [in a squiggly motion] just like the pros!” Maxine exclaimed. “I’m going to try it and see if it works.” READ MORE: Cheapest rural destination to relocate to in the UK is 'breathtaking' Maxine used water mixed with soap to wash the windows. But you can mix in white vinegar for a streak-free shine. “The most important thing is to not wash the whole window because if it dries, you’re in trouble because you’re going to have to wet it again,” she said. “Start from the top. Wash the middle and hope it doesn’t dry too quickly.” She then used a squeegee to take the soap and water off the window. DON'T MISS...5 ‘very effective’ and safe ways to deter foxes from your garden [GUIDE]Queen is only person in UK to forgo driving licence for key reason [INSIDER]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [VIDEO] “And then you finish off - just like you see a window cleaner do - clean the edge with an old cloth,” Maxine added. The soap water breaks up the dirt which the squeegee then draws off the glass. in another episode, Maxine had to clean patches of mould and dirt off the edge of the window frame. “Look at this very dirty window!” She said. “All along here. READ MORE: Five ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances “So I’m going to bring out a cream cleaner, not for the whole window as it’s a nightmare to wash off, but just for the bottom where there is grime. “Just a little bit, you don’t have to soak it and scrub with a brush. It’s working lovely, very nice, brilliant. “If you don’t use a brush, you might not get into the corners. “And then a cloth to wipe the creme off before washing the whole window,” she added. As for what she used to clean the window, instead of soapy water, Maxine poured a solution all over the glass. “One part water, one part vinegar to leave your windows streak free,” she revealed. “The acid in the water breaks down the streaks as the water evaporates and it will dry streak free! It looks brand new, nice and clean!”