  Rebekah Vardy, 40, has claimed job offers continue to pour in - even after losing her libel trial against fellow footballer’s wife, Coleen Rooney, 36. The reality star says she has her eyes set on doing something she “really wants to do” now.    Rebekah insisted that in spite of her very public defeat in court, she plans to remain in the public eye and is still able to get work. Last Friday, a verdict was reached on the infamous Wagatha Christie Trial after three years of drama between the two WAGs. Coleen, who is the wife of former England footballer Wayne Rooney, had made claims that stories about her had been leaked to the press by Rebekah which she has denied. Jamie Vardy's wife insisted that such claims were defamatory, taking her to court. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday       The judge, Mrs Justice Steyn, ruled in favour of Coleen, Rebekah had vehemently denied leaking stories but the High Court judge concluded "Vardy knew of, condoned and was actively engaged in this process". Following the bombshell verdict, Rebekah appeared on TalkTV to discuss her future in an interview that aired on Wednesday. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star sat down for an hour-long interview with Kate McCann.   Asked by Kate whether she was concerned about not being able to find new work after the court’s verdict, Rebekah assured the presenter that she still had job offers coming in. She replied: “No, there’s been quite a few offers on the table for lots of different things already. “For me, it’s important to find something that inspires me and something that’s meaningful and something I really, really want to do.” Apart from her memorable appearance on I’m A Celebrity, Rebekah also competed on ITV’s Dancing On Ice in 2021, making a name for herself in the world of reality TV. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT] Alan Fletcher's heartfelt message to onscreen love Jackie Woodburne [INSIGHT] Mark Labbett unveils new role after ITV quizzer axed from The Chase US [NEWS]       The star went on to confirm that, while she has no intention of leaving the public eye, she did sometimes question whether it might be the right thing to do. She explained to Kate: “Do you know what? I did go through stages of thinking that, and then I thought, ‘I don’t know… no. Probably not.’ However, Rebekah went on to suggest that there might be a shake up when it comes to her branding. “You’ll probably see me doing things that are different,” she added.      “I want to concentrate on the horses and the kids - rebuilding the lost time I’ve had dealing with all these stresses.” She also said she had plans to “rechannel and refocus” her energy into “doing positive things” following the terrible blow of losing such a high-profile court case. In other parts of the interview, Rebekah could be seen in tears as she spoke about her husband Jamie’s support throughout the difficult process. Rebekah Vardy’s TalkTV interview can be streamed in full online now.   