Tottenham Hotspur could reignite their long-standing interest in Wolves winger Adama Traore in the final week of the summer transfer window. With Bryan Gil on the verge of a return to Valencia, Antonio Conte is keen to replace him, and Fabio Paratici joins the Italian boss as a huge admirer of Traore. According to Fabrizio Romano, Gil is simply waiting for the green light from Tottenham to join Valencia on loan for the second time in eight months. Spurs are expected to let the 21-year-old winger depart once they have a replacement in place. That replacement could be Traore. Express Sport understands Spurs could try and finally lure the Spanish powerhouse to the club before the September 1 deadline. And football.london now report that Spurs director of football Paratici is 'bewitched' by Traore, having already tried to complete a big-money deal to take him to Juventus in his previous role. Tottenham attempted to sign Traore in January, but he opted for a short loan to Barcelona, where he started his career. However, after failing to score in 17 appearances in La Liga and the Europa League, Xavi Hernandez decided against making his stay permanent, and he is now on the fringes of Bruno Lage's plans at Wolves. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag has specific reason for keeping Harry Maguire at Man Utd  Spurs were quoted £20million to sign Traore at the start of the year, but now he has entered the final year of his contract at Molineux, he'll no doubt be available for a cut-price fee. He has never been known for his attacking output, but his speed and physicality make him one of Europe's most dangerous ball carriers. Conte has already recruited a goalscoring forward this summer, with Richarlison joining from Everton in a £60m deal. And January capture Dejan Kulusevski has also proven he can contribute goals and assists, so that hole in Traore's game is unlikely to sway Spurs' interest. READ MORE: Tottenham tipped for Chelsea transfer hijack Daniel Levy would 'love'  Despite the links, Wolves manager Lage has insisted that he's happy to have Traore back among his squad after letting him leave in special circumstances midway through last season. And the Portuguese boss believes the 26-year-old is happy where he is. He said: "We haven't had any offers, and the way he's training and playing, I don't see anything different. The way he scored the goal and celebrated with his teammates [in midweek], I see that every day. We accepted his decision to go to Barcelona on loan because it's his team. Now he's with us, and I'm happy with him – and, I think from the signs he's giving, that he's happy with us. But let's wait until the end of the window." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here