House prices have reached a 12-month high according to the most recent Nationwide House Price Index report, but as interest and inflation rates grow, property prices could begin to slow by the end of the year. For those looking to sell in the future, investing in a kitchen refresh could go a long way to improve your home’s value. Carolina Hansson head of design at Luxury Flooring & Furnishings explained that a “high demand” for herringbone flooring has already “positively impacted” home values. She explained: “We’ve seen a 96 percent uplift in sales for Herringbone parquet flooring over the last year and it really seems to have made a resurgence. “Herringbone floors are laid alternately in a ‘zig zag’ style and are a timeless style associated with luxury. “In fact, we’ve noticed that the average home that has herringbone flooring usually increases the home’s value by at least £5,000." READ MORE: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage The Herringbone style is a type of parquet flooring and has roots going back centuries. The pattern gets its name from its resemblance to fish bones. Although it is sometimes confused with chevron, herringbone differs in that the end of the herringbone planks are cut at a 90-degree angle, while the end of the Chevron planks are cut at a different angle. There is evidence in ancient Irish textiles to suggest that the geometrical pattern could date back as far as 600 B.C.E. Ms Hansson said: "The renewed popularity of the style seems to have coincided with the revival of the maximalist trend - offering texture and clean lines that can be easily contrasted with. "Not only can this type of flooring create the illusion of a bigger room, but it’s also easy to style. "If you’re looking for a modern twist on herringbone, opt for a lighter shade of wood.” The illusion of herringbone flooring can also make a room seem bigger. DON'T MISSGoing on holiday? 9 things to do in your kitchen before you go [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyers revive period home for under £7k [INSIGHT]Home improvements which won’t add value to your property [REPORT] Experts from UK Flooring Direct explained: "Herringbone floor does make any sized room look bigger, particularly smaller or narrower spaces such as hallways due to its pattern. "Thanks to the illusion of movement given, this style of flooring is a fantastic space enhancer you should certainly consider for any room refresh. "Opting for a lighter coloured Herringbone can make darker spaces seem brighter and more open, which is always a bonus." As well as being aesthetically pleasing, herringbone flooring is also a durable option for busy homes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ms Hansson explained: “[Herringbone flooring is] a great return on investment, especially as it’s easy to clean in high traffic areas such as the kitchen and living room.” While pricier options tend to be made from real wood, more budget-friendly laminate herringbone flooring is also available. The "timeless" pattern can also be incorporated into other parts of your kitchen. Herringbone tiles, backsplashes and worktops are becoming increasingly popular.