Zoe Henry made her first appearance on Emmerdale in 2001 as veterinary surgeon Rhona Goskirk. The actress left the village drama the following year before making an explosive comeback in 2010, and she has remained a staple character ever since. Although Rhona's still the centre of many major storylines, the actress has revealed there is "no room for complacency" in her industry.  Emmerdale fans have been looking forward to Rhona and her on-screen partner Marlon Dingle's (played by Mark Charnock) wedding, which is airing next week. The couple, who have fallen in and out of love with one another over the past two decades, are set to tie the knot in front of their loved ones in St Mary's Church. Marlon, who suffered from a stroke in March, has been working hard with his physiotherapist as he's determined to be strong enough to walk down the aisle for Rhona. Viewers will have to wait to see if he manages to walk to the altar to exchange vows with his wife-to-be. READ MORE: John Barnes slams calls to scrap taking the knee Their big day falls ahead of the soap's "sensational" 50th anniversary in October. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media at an anniversary event, Rhona actress Zoe was asked if she would like to be part of the 60th-anniversary celebrations. However, the 48-year-old star said: "There is no room for complacency in this industry or any job actually nowadays. "But I don't think anyone feels like they are here for the long haul and we work very much on a year-to-year contract basis.  "It does feel nice to have been here a long time though." She also reflected on the wedding special and was thrilled to be amongst so many cast and crew members. "We have not been together in so long and I think this episode had the biggest cast and crew on set that we have had for two years," she revealed. "We have not seen a lot of our fellow actors and crew members for so long, and everybody looked gorgeous." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle star addresses future on ITV soap  [EXCLUSIVE]Jay Kontzle wife: Who is Emmerdale's Billy Fletcher star married to? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Another double pregnancy rocks the village [THEORY] Zoe said Rhona and Marlon's child, Leo Goskirk (Harvey Rogerson), has tied the pair together for the past 11 years. She felt the audience likes history as it "gives their relationship a weight" which they enjoy watching on the screen. Rhona and Marlon fell for each other when she first entered the village and went for a date in The Woolpack. However, things turned cold when Marlon's ex arrived on the scene and Rhona left the soap for almost a decade before she fell pregnant with Leo in 2010.  The characters have both had failed marriages since Leo's birth, but they finally rekindled their relationship last year. While Rhona appears very much in love with Marlon, Zoe said she did not want to become a Dingle. "[Rhona] has never changed her surname, and I don't mind a little bit of Dingle stuff, but not too much," she quipped. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 