The brotherly relationship between Prince Harry and Prince William, which has been strained since the Duke of Sussex stepped back from royal life in 2020, is set to face a new challenge with the publication of Prince Harry’s book this autumn. In his renowned interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duke of Sussex revealed he felt “let down” by his close family members and that he and his brother needed “space” in their relationship to allow fractures to heal. As the book release looms, royal expert Jennie Bond claimed the pair remain distanced as Prince William has been left anticipating a new “bombshell” to be unveiled by his brother.    Ms Bond, who formerly worked as the BBC’s royal correspondent, told GB News: “I think the problem with Harry writing his account of his life is that it has eroded trust. “Really, there is very little trust after the Oprah interview, particularly between William and Harry and other members of the royal family. They don’t know what bombshell is going to come next. “Trust is something that is very important in royal circles, there aren’t very many people they can trust. “Discretion is everything and both Meghan and Harry have demonstrated that they are no longer willing to be traditionally discreet about what goes on behind Palace walls.”    Ms Bond continued: “Yes, they [the Royal Family] are fearful about what is going to come out and yes it is still, I think, poisoning the relationship between the two brothers, who were so close. “It’s so sad with the 25th anniversary of Diana’s death coming up to see her boys still at loggerheads with one another.” While an official release date for Harry’s memoir has not been confirmed, published Penguin Random House said the publication was “tentatively scheduled for late 2022.” In a statement announcing his plan to publish the book, Prince Harry said: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” Read more: Meghan opens up on Archie's near-death experience In his infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey, Prince Harry described his brother as “trapped within the system” of the royal family as he suggested Prince William would not be able to follow his decision to step back from royal life. Speaking of their relationship, the Duke of Sussex said: “I love William to bits, he’s my brother, we’ve been through hell together, we have a shared experience - but we were on different paths.” He added: “The relationship is space at the moment and time heals all things, hopefully.” Don't miss: Prince Harry praised for rare show of emotion during tour of Africa [REVEAL]Prince Harry 'tried to take Diana for himself' claims royal expert [REPORT]Harry’s US move is 'no coincidence' as Diana wanted same move [INSIGHT] With the publication expected in the autumn, the book release will likely follow the 25th anniversary of the death of Princess Diana, which will be remembered at the end of August. In previous years, Prince William and Prince Harry have been seen to conduct ceremonies together to commemorate the life and achievements of their mother. In 2021, the brothers united to unveil a statue of Princess Diana at Kensington Palace, in honour of what would have been her 60th birthday. With the anniversary of her death approaching at the end of this month, there have been no official plans announced for the brothers to make any joint public appearances tied to the occasion. Read next: Prince William 'sends clear message' with Windsor moveMeghan Markle 'completes' Prince HarryKate and William 'packed up the kids' in search of 'privacy' 'They just want the best for their children' Kate and William's.......'Did not sit well with me!' Young Meghan's anger after advert