Kate Middleton and Prince William, both 40, reportedly have a favourite place to eat when they travel from Heathrow Airport on holiday. However, it is unaffordable for the average Briton. When the average Briton waits for flights at the airport, they could maybe pick up a sandwich from Boots or Pret, or even pop into a Wetherspoons for a Full English.   But the Royal Family do things quite differently. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are served by a personal butler and enjoy Michelin-star menus and unlimited champagne in the Windsor Suite when they visit Heathrow Airport. Michelin-star chef Jason Atherton crafted the luxurious menu. It costs £3,300 for a two-hour service in the remote terminal five spot. READ MORE: Zara 'reigns herself in' with Meghan but has 'friendship' with Kate  Anyone can use the suite as long as they are flying business or first class and can afford it. The menu reportedly features "light and seasonal" British produce. These include indulgent snacks and sweet treats such as pastries drizzled in honey. The Queen, a known chocaholic, would love the chocolate fondue served with fresh fruit and marshmallows.  If diners are after something more filling they can order a main dish like BBQ pulled chicken, spiced sea bream, or steamed seabass. There are plenty of drink options, of course, but the unlimited champagne is the star attraction. The head of Heathrow VIP Priya Malhotra told Business Insider: "You can even order the entire menu and drink me out of Dom (Perignon Champagne)." For the children's half-term break in October 2021, The Sun reported that William and Kate spent three hours in the VIP suite before their family holiday with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis to Jordan. READ MORE: One British habit Kate Middleton likely avoids for a slim figure  However, Kate and William do not always fly business or first-class. The couple enjoys flying commercial occasionally and often travels with British Airways. The airline has a special place in Kate's heart especially because she has a family connection to the company. Her parents Michael and Carole Middleton both worked for the airline when they first met.  While royals usually travel in style and luxury, they are not averse to flying on budget airlines. Prince William famously flew to Scotland via Ryanair in 2015. The Queen has also flown via British Airways on several occasions. 