Everyone's favourite personal trainer Joe Wicks, has revealed a quick way people can lose weight and it's really quite simple. The cook, author and fitness fanatic spoke to Express.co.uk about how people need to be looking at how much they eat rather than being strict with their micronutrients. While he noted that it's incredible "important" to consume a good amount of protein because it helped the metabolism and muscle growth, he noted it's about balance. "I wouldn't just say it's all protein and no vegetables and no carbs," The Body Coach said. "It's about balance and it comes down to portion control." Most people do get a decent balance of protein fats and carbs but Joe explained it only promotes weight loss if a person is eating the correct amount of food in general. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "If you are overeating you're not going to lose weight," he warned, before issuing some good news. "Keep it simple, just remove as much as you can of processed food. "It's quite simple, cook food at home and you're not relying on takeaways and eating out at restaurant every night. "Then you can lose weight quite quickly," he said. But he advised people to "be sensible" with their portion sizes and not to be "greedy" or snack. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Joe said: "If you're snacking all the time between meals or you've been starving yourself all day, you're going to end up binging all the calories in a night anyway. "So having balance throughout the day and energising yourself is more important than just nailing macronutrient meal. "It's more about food and portion control." Snacking can be a curse for many people trying to lose weight, as it can lead to overeating and therefore adding excess calories to their daily tally. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim And too much snacking can impact hunger at meal times, causing people to skip meals entirely, leading to a risk of losing out on important nutrients. But sometimes people will find themselves in need of a little pick-me-up, and Joe revealed his go-to snacks for when he's feeling a little peckish out and about. "I don't snack loads but if I do it's fruit, like apples and bananas," he said. "Sometimes I'll make homemade granola bars." A large apple contains around 116 calories and 5.4g of fibre, making them very filling and multiple studies indicate that they may support weight loss. A 10-week 2008 study published in the National Library of Medicine, gave women three apples, three pears, or three oat cookies, all with the same calorie value to eat every day over the period of the trial. The apple group lost 2 pounds (0.91 kg) and the pear group 1.6 pounds (0.84 kg), while the oat group’s weight did not change. Likewise, bananas are full of nutrients and fibre, which make them an ideal part of a healthy weight loss plan. The YouTube sensation is a role model in every way, as he revealed it's best to stick to a three meal a day plan rather than spend the day snacking on little bits. "I tend to think about three meals a day and I don't really eat much in between," he said.