Season five of SEAL Team proved just as popular after the action-packed military series made the switch from CBS to Paramount+. Now David Boreanaz and the cast are back in action on the set of season six, a new update from main cast member AJ Buckley on Instagram has given fans some more details about Bravo Team’s upcoming missions. Jason Hayes (played by Boreanaz) and the team could be spending much of SEAL Team’s next season in Jordan. Bravo Team was already speculated to be spending a lot of time in the Middle East when they return to screens. With the new Instagram Story from AJ, who portrays Sonny Quinn, viewers now know at least one of the countries they’ll be visiting in season six. In his latest post, AJ revealed a selfie of himself wearing a sensible shirt and baseball cap, captioned ‘My desert attire’. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history He included an emoji for the flag of Jordan, seemingly confirming the cast will be flying out to shoot on-location sometime soon. SEAL Team’s international production should bode well for the series’ future on Paramount+, as flying out the cast and crew will take some significant budgetary requirements to achieve. Thankfully, the streamer appears to be fully behind the former CBS hit, as they have also given the green light for a feature film based on the series to be developed soon. Based on AJ’s recent posts, the cast is still currently filming interior scenes in Los Angeles before they head out for Bravo’s next mission. He recently posted a story in which he carted around the show’s studio lot, so there may still be a bit of a wait before they can start shooting in Jordan. Meanwhile, his co-star David recently promised big things for the next season with his recent throwback to his time on SEAL Team’s first season. “Bravo 1 ready to roll. TBT to season one!” he wrote. “What a ride it's been. Season six will be even better!” DON'T MISS:America’s Got Talent fans fume as Jordan Conley faces wildcard vote [REACTION]NCIS star lands huge Jake Gyllenhaal movie role [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr nearly played by different star [INSIGHT] Fans will also be pleased to see AJ’s story, as it confirms he makes it out of the team’s mission in Mali alive. In the season finale, David and his teammates were caught in a terrifying ambush and were rained upon by enemy missiles. A number of the marines could be left with serious injuries, and viewers may even have to say their permanent goodbyes to some of their favourite characters. Thankfully, both David and AJ have confirmed they’ll at least be back as Jason and Sonny with their social media updates. It would certainly be a shock to see SEAL Team’s most prominent characters meet a violent end, though there could be some surprises in store on the other side of the cliffhanger. Meanwhile, CBS has inadvertently confirmed Clay Spenser (Max Thieriot) will be among the living when season six kicks off. He’ll be starring in his new show Fire Country with Lucifer’s Kevin Alejandro, but the network has revealed his SEAL Team duties won’t be affected by his time on the upcoming drama. SEAL Team is available on Paramount Plus in the US and available on Sky Max in the UK