The collaboration presents the cost to cook for each of the main types of cooking appliance, based on the average amount of time they are used for each day. It shows detailed cost breakdowns of the main six types of cooking appliances, starting with the most energy intensive – the electric cooker – and finishing up with the most economical to run, the microwave. The figures – based on the latest figures from Cornwall Insight on 22nd August – show an electric cooker costs 87p per day to run, totalling £316.54 annually, while an air fryer costs just £52.74 per year in energy. A gas cooker amounts to 33p a day, or £120.83 a year, while a microwave costs just 8p a day – or a meagre £30.02 a year. And it is not just switching appliances that could save money, as the data found batch-cooking food could save up to £158 a year, while using the right sized pan, with a lid, could cut costs by £72. Letting water simmer rather than leaving it boiling can also save £68 annually, and not overfilling the kettle could leave you with an extra £19 over a 12-month period. The research is based on the energy consumption of 83 appliances across 24 sources, including academic research, legislation, and data collected from popular shopping websites. It comes after research of 2,000 households found they spend approximately 43 minutes cooking each day, with 42 percent using the oven by default for most of their cooking needs. But more than half (52 percent) admitted they don’t know which of their cooking appliances cost more to run. Archie Lasseter, Utilita’s sustainability lead, said: “The rising cost of energy is going to create seismic shifts in consumer behaviour associated with energy consumption, through a new awareness of the cost to consume. “The impact will be far greater than any of the Government’s green initiatives ever could have achieved. “Although cooking is said to account for four percent of the average energy bill, the savings speak for themselves. “It’s vital that consumers are given the facts they need in order to use less energy in the interest of the pocket and the planet.” As part of the joint campaign, both Utilita and Iceland have committed to 11 pledges – including an overhaul of Iceland’s own-product packaging to reflect more energy efficient cooking appliances and methods, and a national “Cooking High 5” consumer awareness tour. Richard Walker, Iceland’s managing director, said: “The cost-of-living crisis continues to be the biggest national issue facing consumers. “As a private, family-run business, we’re constantly looking at both short- and long-term initiatives that can offer any support. “Our “Shop Smart, Cook Savvy” collaboration with Utilita is so important, as it shines a light on the relationship between what we buy and how much energy we use cooking it – helping to empower our customers and provide them with access to information that can help stretch their budgets further.” HOW MUCH IT COSTS TO RUN DIFFERENT COOKING APPLIANCES*: 1. ELECTRIC COOKER 2. DUAL COOKER (PART ELECTRIC, PART GAS) 3. GAS COOKER 4. SLOW COOKER 5. AIR FRYER 6. MICROWAVE *Daily, weekly, and monthly costs may not add up to the annual cost due to rounding.