Amazon Prime Video gave Jungle, an upcoming emotionally-charged drama, the greenlight back in 2020. Featuring some of the UK's top grime and drill artists, the intense musical series is being produced by Nothing Lost, consisting of Chas Appeti and Junior Okoli. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Jungle. It is two years since Prime Video commissioned Jungle and while it has been a long wait, the series will soon be arriving on the streaming service. Jungle is going to premiere on Friday, September 30, on Amazon Prime Video. All six episodes, with a running time of 30 minutes each, will be dropped in one go. So subscribers have the option to binge-watch the drama as soon as it comes out. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview As mentioned, Jungle is going to be a musical drama of sorts, featuring rap and drill music throughout. For this reason, some of the UK's biggest artists in this genre will feature in Jungle. These include the likes of Big Narstie, Unknown T, Tinie Tempah, Jordan McCann, Double Lz and IAMDDB. Then there is Ezra Elliott who will play Gogo, M24 as 6ix, J Fado as Chapo, Jaykae as Williow, Seyi Andes-Pelumi as Danial and AMARIA BB as Biance. So Jungle is going to be filled to the brim with recognisable music talent from the get-go. Yes, Prime Video released its first-look trailer for Jungle earlier this week. The voiceover says: "What if I told you this was all real? "That this wasn't just a story where a bunch of cameras and actors and musicians put together for your entertainment? "Would it even matter? Probably not, right?" DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits in pregnancy twist [THEORY]Jeremy Clarkson sets fire to car as The Grand Tour returns [VIDEO]Renée Zellweger fires back at criticism over 'fat suit’ [REACTION] Jungle is going to follow the overlapping story of several strangers living in inner-city London. As the series goes on, viewers will see how each of them faces their own set of struggles. But how are their lives going to intertwine and will it cause even more trouble for them all? Woven into the drama will be rap and drill music, which is going to play an important part in Jungle. Jungle's official synopsis reads: “Frequently misunderstood, it’s a world where one law governs everything: only the strongest will survive. “As the strangers’ worlds begin to unravel around them, they come to the realisation that every action, no matter how small, has a consequence. "Portraying the city through compelling visuals whilst detailing the many perils of day-to-day life in inner city London, Jungle ultimately seeks to convey a bigger message about the true value of life.” Jungle premieres on Friday, September 30, on Amazon Prime Video.