Fans of Gogglebox are thrilled each year when the celebrity spin-off instalment reveals new names to the line-up. There are some regular faces that make a welcomed return including broadcaster Gyles Brandreth, who’s appeared with a different friend each season, including Sheila Hancock. The 89-year-old actress didn’t hold back with her non-nonsense views and hilarious reactions when she was featured on the Channel 4 show back in 2019. Although people only got to watch Sheila for six episodes as she disappeared next to Gyles and was replaced by Maureen Lipman. Recently speaking on Radio 2 about her stint on the show, she revealed she loved every minute of being part of it. She added: “I got the sack from that actually!”   Sheila confessed: “They didn’t ask me back for some reason, I suppose because I was too rude about some of the things I saw. “I, honest to God, had not seen most of the programmes they showed us – like all those where everyone was showing off their private parts.” The star shared she was “deeply shocked” and overwhelmed by the entire thing. Express.co.uk have contacted Channel 4 for comment. This year, her friend Gyles was sat next to the legendary actress Joanna Lumley and Countdown icon Carol Vorderman.    In this year’s line-up, fans have seen Fearne Cotton and Gok Wan, Judi Love and Charlene White, Oti Mabuse and Bill Bailey and Rylan Clark with his mum Linda appear on the show. There are also other well-known names in the series including Spice Girls' Mel C, broadcaster Clare Balding and former Radio One DJ Nick Grimshaw. Although Sheila hasn’t been part of the Gogglebox cast for a few years now, she recently revealed in June how it helped save a woman from an assault. She stated there was a bit of a struggle before the attacker stopped once he recognised her from the TV.   In her autobiography called Old Range, the 89-year-old wrote: “I aspire to be a pacifist. It is one of the things you sign up to when you become a Quaker, as I did in 1993... “I once intervened in a quite violent altercation between a man and a frightened woman in the dead of night on Hammersmith riverside. “After a bit of a struggle, vocal and physical, I managed to stop the large attacker. "Sadly, not with my Quakerly anger-management approach, but because he recognised me off Gogglebox."   Although fans were disappointed when Sheila and Gyles were no longer side by side on the sofa, the pair reunited on TV the same year to go on a different adventure. Starring in the long-running show Great Canal Journeys, the hilarious duo toured London’s waterways on a canal boat. Gyles joked this was the reason Sheila decided not to return to Gogglebox as he told RadioTimes: “Well, they asked Sheila and me to go on the canals, because Timothy West and Prunella Scales decided to retire from touring on canals. "So I think Sheila felt that one series with Gyles in a year is enough, thank you very much," Celebrity Gogglebox is available to stream on All 4.  