Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has claimed that Erik ten Hag’s fifth summer signing Antony can especially help one player already at the club. The Red Devils announced that they had agreed an £84million deal to sign the Brazilian winger after chasing the Ajax man for several months this transfer window. United confirmed the deal subject to a medical, personal terms being finalised, and international clearance and Ferdinand believes the “box full of tricks” will be a much-needed addition at Old Trafford. “What does Antony bring? He brings his trickery, he brings that unpredictable Brazilian element, a fantastic technical football player, plays on the right-hand side of the front three, cutting in on his left foot - he’s left-footed predominantly,” Ferdinand told his FIVE YouTube channel. “He’s a man who’s a box full of tricks. He’s someone who wants to beat people but he has got an eye for a pass as well, he can create, he can slide balls through for the attacking players and people who make good runs off of him. “What he does like to do is tease players in, bring defenders towards him which creates space in behind and that enables him to find the runner with the great vision that he has. He’s not only a great dribbler and a player that takes the ball to the defenders and stands them up one-vs-one, he’s going to get fans off their seats at Old Trafford I’m sure of that, the tenacity he plays with.” Ferdinand also believes that despite providing more competition in wide areas, he could bring out the best in one of United’s star signings last summer in Jadon Sancho. “He [Antony] also wants people running off him and I think he’s better when he’s playing short passes and moving and running and that Ajax way. “If Erik ten Hag can get the attacking formula working like that it’ll really suit him and I think it’ll suit someone like Sancho as well. He likes that short pass and movement game, he may be a little bit more explosive but he definitely brings that excitement factor that Old Trafford like in their wingers. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “He’ll want to beat the full-back and Man United wingers down the years have been able to beat people, if not beat people he can beat them with movement and skill and a shimmy. "The wingmen at Man United have got great history and I’m hoping this one's another one on that conveyor belt that excites the fans.” Sancho scored just three goals last season in the Premier League and recorded three assists, but has already got off the mark this campaign after scoring in United’s 2-1 win over Liverpool. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt