 Inheritance tax is paid on the value of an estate above the threshold when a person passes away. If an estate's value is below £325,000 then no tax needs to be paid, however, if its value is above then a person will need to pay tax at a rate of 40 percent - although there are ways to increase the threshold. According to the current rules, all Britons are able to give away £3,000 every year without paying tax on it.     This is known as a person’s “annual exemption”. The £3,000 can be given to one person or can be split between several people. Britons are also able to carry over their unused annual exemption to the next tax year but this only applies for one tax year. Couples can also combine their allowances which means they can give away £6,000 every year without paying tax. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out    People can give as many gifts of up to £250 per person as they want each tax year, as long as they have not benefited from the £3,000 limit. Gifts which are given for birthdays and Christmas are also exempt from being taxed but it does need to be given from a person’s regular income. Britons can also take advantage of weddings to reduce the value of their estate as Britons can pass £5,000 to their children if they are getting married. Grandchildren and great-grandchildren can also be given a tax-free amount of £2,500 and £1,000 can be given to any other relative or friend.   People can also make regular payments to help with another person’s living costs, known as "normal expenditure out of income" however, this should not affect a person’s own standard of living. With gifting, Britons need to be aware of the seven-year rule as this is what usually catches people out. No tax is due on any gifts you give if a person lives for seven years after giving them, however, if the person dies within the seven years there is a tax to pay. Anything given three to seven years before the death is then taxed on a sliding scale known as ‘taper relief’. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments     Between three to four years, the gifts will be taxed at a rate of 32 percent and between four to five years, it will be taxed at 24 percent. If the person dies between five to six years after the gift it will be taxed at 16 percent and between six to seven years it will be taxed at eight percent. Experts have urged Britons to plan ahead. This is because the £325,000 threshold has been frozen since 2009 and will remain at the same level until 2026. Due to inflation and rising house prices, more and more Britons are being dragged into paying the tax with the taxman collecting £1.8billion between April and June this year.     This was £300million more than the £1.5billion that was taken over the same three months a year earlier. Stevie Heafford, partner at accountancy firm HW Fisher said: “Inheritance tax can cost family and friends thousands when a loved one passes away but there are ways to legally ensure that you are leaving behind as much as possible to your relatives when the time comes. Planning is key and it’s never too early to do this! “Make sure that your wishes are correctly reflected in an up-to-date will and some deathbed planning may still be possible depending on what assets you hold. “The key is it’s never too early to start planning but also, tax isn’t everything so make sure that you can still enjoy the lifestyle you want whilst you are still here.”   