Animal rights activist group PETA has urged the mayor of Leicester to call the roundabout Vegan Pie Roundabout instead. However, when GB News caught wind of the story, presenters Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster laughed off the suggestion, with Eamonn claiming the group was just looking for excuses to get upset. Eamonn was clearly unimpressed by the proposal to rename Leicester’s Pork Pie Roundabout to avoid offense to vegans. The presenter groaned when he heard the story, as GB News guest Dawn Neesom explained: “Vegans are upset! Come on, it’s fun!” “So, no, it’s just - vegans are upset,” Eamonn responded. He then looked angrily into the camera to explain what he believed was the drive behind PETA’s latest campaign. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets He continued: “It’s people who wake up in the morning, here on this Thursday morning, this beautiful, sunny Thursday morning. “They wake up, and they switch on the telly, the radio, they open up the computer, and they say, ‘I want to be upset’. “‘I want to be annoyed. I want to find something to complain about. Let’s complain about a roundabout in Leicestershire called Pork Pie Island. “Let’s rename it'… what?” he asked Dawn, to which she confirmed “Vegan Pie Island!” Eamonn rolled his eyes and tutted at what he clearly felt was an absurd suggestion. PETA has claimed the renaming of the roundabout would promote healthier eating choices and celebrate the city’s connections to veganism. In her letter to mayor Peter Soulsby, campaigns manager Kate Werner wrote: “This timely name change would inspire healthier food choices that help the environment, celebrate Leicester's heritage, and prevent animal suffering. “Encouraging people to eat plant-based could also help lessen the burden on Leicester's already overstretched NHS.” DON'T MISS:Raising Kanan star teases outcome of Malcolm Howard revelation [EXCLUSIVE]BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets [NEWS]Flight Lieutenant takes no rubbish from BBC hosts in epic interview [VIDEO] She also explained there was a historical reason behind PETA’s calls to rename the roundabout. “The word 'vegan' was coined in Leicester by Donald Watson in 1944,” Kate continued. “It would also be a great way to celebrate the city's vegan and pie-loving heritage.” However, the mayor dismissed the campaign as a “funny and quite clever way of drawing attention to themselves".  “There is no way we could change the name people have given to the library and the roundabout next to it,” he continued. “It has been known locally as the Pork Pie Library since it was built in the 1930s, thanks to its distinctive circular shape. “Any talk of changing its name is just pie in the sky.” The mayor’s views on the matter clearly aligned with Eamonn’s, so it’s unlikely the roundabout will undergo any name changes any time soon. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.