Emmanuel Macron was left humiliated as Benin’s Foreign Minister Aurélien Agbenonci cleaned his shoulder after the French President tapped him. The French President was on a three-day African tour to counter the Kremlin's war narrative that the West’s sanctions on Russia amid Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine are not responsible for the war. In the video, President Macron is heard calling Minister Agbenonci to his side as he speaks with Patrice Talon, Benin’s president. Footage shows President Macron getting closer to Benin’s foreign minister, tapping him on the shoulder and then telling him something. Seconds after President Macron touched his shoulder, the Benin minister looked at his shoulder and dusted it off in an apparent blow to President Macron. Reacting to the viral video, think tank president and journalist Phil Bechade took to Twitter and said: "Wow, the gestures of the Beninese official intended to symbolically erase the sign of paternalistic superiority imposed on him by Macron, it's priceless!" However, Foreign Minister Aurélien Agbenonci rejected the allegation on Twitter, saying he made the gesture after President Macron noticed dust on his coat. Benin’s Foreign Minister Aurélien Agbenonci hit back on Twitter: "False.. it is not! Pt Macron had just noticed and showed me a trace of dust on my jacket after the press briefing held outside. My gesture completed that very kind of Pt Macron."  Macron’s three-day visit to Africa was aimed at reviving relations with former French colonies. But Emmanuel Macron was not the only foreign politician making the visit, as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov was on a parallel tour to Egypt, the Republic of Congo, Uganda, and Ethiopia in a bid to put the blame on the West for food shortages. In late May, the African Union had warned EU leaders that Russia’s blockade of Ukrainian ports risked a nightmare scenario of food shortage and price rises. Senegal’s President Macky Sall, who chairs the union, then said, “the worst is perhaps ahead of us." President Macron’s visit was an attempt to show Africa that Putin’s Kremlin is behind this effort to threaten global food security – and weaken Africa. READ MORE: Furious UK musician shames Macron's 'lies' – cancels Paris show "I'm telling you here in Africa, a continent that has suffered from colonial imperialism: Russia is one of the last colonial, imperial powers," President Macron said in Benin. During his visit, he accused Russia of using food as one of its "weapons of war." He also criticised African leaders for failing to strongly and openly condemn Russia for invading Ukraine. "The choice that has been made by the Europeans, first of all, it is not to participate in this war, but to recognize it and name it. But I see too often hypocrisy, especially on the African continent," he said. DON'T MISS:Macron's economic nightmare as inflation SURGES again with France pric [ANALYSIS]Macron SNUBBED by EU as France excluded from £90M weapons project. [REPORT]Macron humiliated as EDF loses £4.4bn in MAJOR blow for president [REPORT] Experts say Putin is now waging his war on the food front as part of a deliberate effort to stoke famine. "Russia has a hunger plan. [Russian President] Vladimir Putin is preparing to starve much of the developing world as the next stage in his war in Europe," Timothy Snyder, a Yale historian and expert on authoritarianism, tweeted, adding that Moscow is "planning to starve Asians and Africans in order to win its war in Europe." "This is a new level of colonialism," Snyder added. The UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has thrown his whole weight behind a grain agreement struck by Ukraine and Russia to resume grain exports, to stave off the threat of famine in Africa. READ NEXT:Russia's RT state media BANNED in France over Ukraine 'lies'GB news: Rishi Sunak slammed for campaigning like a ‘novice’Russia TV host erupts at France amid Kremlin mission to Africa ‘If you fall into the trap, it’s over!’ Macron warns Africa over PutinFarage urges MPs to follow Macron and scrap the TV licence fee