Tourists outside the EU will be required to submit a photograph and fingerprints from May as part of the bloc’s bid to tighten entry rules following the UK’s departure from the Union. The EU’s long delayed Entry/Exit system (EES) will come into force in May, and will replace the stamping of passports. Non-EU travellers will be asked to submit photos and four fingerprints, which will be submitted in the form of biometric data. This will also register the traveller’s name, travel documents and date and place of entry and exit. But experts have previously warned the new scheme could cause chaos and significant problems at the Eurotunnel where people are arriving in cars. Holidaymakers travelling to France have also been warned to expect delays at the ferry ports and Channel Tunnel next year when the scheme is launched.  Tim Reardon, head of EU exit for the Dover Harbour Board, told MPs last year: “In our context, virtually everybody crosses the border in a vehicle and in a group. “There is no such thing as an e-gate for a car, and there is no such thing as an e-gate process for people travelling as a group. They’re all one-at-a-time processes." Meanwhile, Twitter users reacted with fury to the plans. Matthew Pritch said: "Just taking back control of our borders, money and law said the EU." Marilyn Parrott posted: "This is scary. Why will a British passport no longer be sufficient to enter EU countries, like in the olden days? Will children and babies have to be fingerprinted also? Where is this heading?" READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon is losing it, says AZEEM IBRAHIM Paul Eedle added: "Didn’t we used to travel entirely freely throughout the EU? Why the new red tape? While @goodeliberal201 posted: "It is getting even more sinister out there. Presumably our Govt will do the same and our Govt are enacting facial recognition systems on our streets, without any political debate." But the EU Commission’ said the new system would be more time efficient. DON'T MISSBritain trumps EU on vaccine doses over bloc’s monkeypox fiasco [INSIGHT]Brexit: EU 'throws Ireland under bus' in £67m fishing stitch up [INFO]First come, first served: Why Britain leads the world in queuing [COMMENT] A spokesman said: “Stamping is time consuming, does not provide reliable data on border crossings and does not allow the detection of overstayers or address cases of loss or destruction of travelling documents.” Meanwhile, British holidaymakers will also be forced to pay to enter the bloc from November 2023. Prospective visitors will be forced to complete an online form with details of health, education and any criminal convictions, and pay €7 (£6) for a three-year permit. The "Etias" scheme was initiated before the UK’s vote to leave the Brussels bloc and mirrors the US “Esta” scheme.  Under the new rules, Britons must apply in advance for permission to visit the Schengen area. This zone includes most EU nations plus Iceland, Norway, Switzerland and Liechtenstein. Passport stamping has been a requirement for UK nationals entering and departing countries in the EU since Brexit. Britons are permitted 90 days of visa-free travel in the EU over 180 days.