Multiple streets in Anfield, Liverpool, were sealed off on Thursday, August 11, after police received reports of a man shouting at people and carrying a machete just after 5.30pm. Police have now confirmed a man has been arrested on suspicion of four counts of attempted murder. According to the Liverpool Echo, a police spokesperson said he has now been "technically released under investigation" to allow further enquiries to be carried out but he has been "further detained in hospital under the Mental Act". Four people were allegedly slashed during the incident and all of the victims were taken to hospital. None are believed to have sustained life-threatening injuries.The victims include a 48-year-old man, who suffered injuries to his head, arms and hands, a 20-year-old man who has arm injuries, a 62-year-old woman who suffered lacerations to her face, neck, body and arms and a 40-year-old man who suffered lacerations to his back and arm.  A spokesperson said that the woman, who suffered lacerations to her face, neck, body and arms, remains in hospital. Detective Inspector Neil Dillon said: "Our investigation is ongoing. While we understand how worrying incidents like this are we don’t believe that it was terror-related and a man is currently detained in hospital under the Mental Health Act as we continue with the investigation."I would ask for anyone who was in the area of Priory Road or Ince Avenue yesterday who saw or heard anything and hasn’t already spoken to police to come forward as a matter of urgency. Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 22000587067."    Armed officers from Merseyside Police were at the scene and were videoed looking into the house with guns pointed towards a door. Police said they had found a weapon dumped in Anfield Cemetery, along with a pair of trousers with a belt. According to reports, a bloody weapon was found in the cemetery, with the message "make love not war" written on it.  A cordon was put in place by police outside the entrance to the cemetery, where an SUV with it's boot open had visible damage to the passenger side. Although the investigation is in its early stages, detectives have said they are confident that the attack was not terror related. Detective Chief Inspector Cath Cummings said: “This incident will have been frightening for those assaulted as well as those who witnessed it, and we will provide them with our full support. I understand that the circumstances will be frightening too for the wider community in Anfield. Thankfully, specialist officers attended swiftly, arrested a suspect and brought an end to the incident and there is no ongoing threat to the public. “While we do not believe anyone else was responsible, extra officers will be deployed on high visibility patrols in the Anfield area in the coming days to reassure the community.”   Det Chief Insp Cummings added: “Incidents such as this illustrate all too clearly the dangers knives and bladed weapons can pose. “That is why we carry out operations all year round to take them off our streets, with warrants, land searches and stop checks enabling us to seize such weapons and take them out of the hands of criminals. No-one should fall victim to knife crime, and we welcome any information from the public on where they are being stored and who is carrying them so that we can protect the communities of Merseyside. “I would urge anyone thinking about carrying a knife to think again, and spare yourself and others the risk of serious injury, and save yourself time in police custody.” “I would urge anyone who witnessed any part of this incident, or has camera phone, CCTV or dashcam footage, to contact police.” If you can help, DM @MerPolCC, or message ‘Merseyside Police Contact Centre’ on Facebook quoting reference 777 of August 11. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or their online form at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously. 