Amongst all of the types of insect infestations that can be found in UK homes, the cockroach sort is definitely one of the more serious. Once the vermin feels at home, it can become very difficult to show them the door out. While many opt for chemical solutions to banish these pests, there are some natural ways to see the back of them. Pest control experts at Smith’s Pest Management said: “If you want to get rid of roaches without chemicals such as bombing, foggers, or sprays you’re in luck. “There are a handful of effective home remedies that will send these nasty critters packing and many of them are not harmful to children or pets.” For those looking for the quickest and simplest ways of banishing these pests, the pros suggest using baking soda. They explained: “Baking soda is one of the fastest and easiest ways to get rid of cockroaches once and for all. READ MORE: Use certain coloured lighting to ‘repel’ mosquitoes from homes “Plus, it’s probably something you already have in your pantry. “To make a DIY cockroach bait, dice a handful of onions and sprinkle them with baking soda.” Then place this appetiser in a shallow dish anywhere you’ve noticed any cockroach activity. The experts added: “When the roaches consume the baking soda, it creates gasses in the roaches’ stomachs, causing them to burst.” DON'T MISS: Where to keep your hanging baskets - will ‘thrive’ in hot weather [INSIGHT]How often to water tomato plants in a heatwave - ‘prevents cracking’ [TIPS]‘Unappealing’ paint colours to ‘avoid’ that risk devaluing homes [EXPERT] Borax can also be used to get rid of cockroaches and is equally as affordable. The experts advised: “Borax is a readily-available laundry product that’s excellent for killing roaches. “For best results, combine equal parts borax and white table sugar.” To apply, simply dust the mixture any place you’ve seen these pests. READ MORE: Flatmates plagued with flies and 'vile stench' as rats rotted in walls The pest pros added: “When the cockroaches consume the borax, it will dehydrate them and kill them rapidly.” Citrus is also a great household remedy to deter these “nasty critters” from homes as they hate the smell. The experts said: “Citrus is a tasty treat for humans, but it’s repellent to cockroaches. “The smell of lemons, specifically, deters roaches.” Homeowners can add a few drops of lemon oil to the water they use to mop their floors. The pest gurus added: “The scent won’t be detectable to people, but it will send roaches packing.” Essential oils can also be a good option as they act as “natural repellents” to these pests. The experts instructed: “For best results, purchase peppermint or lemongrass essential oil and mix it with a bit of water. Then spray the mixture anywhere you’ve seen cockroaches.”