Fans of America’s Got Talent were distraught to hear recent contender Nolan Neal, who competed on the show in 2020, was found dead at 41 in his Nashville home. Producer and long-term judge Simon Cowell has released a heartfelt message as he remembers his time on the popular NBC talent show. The exact cause of Nolan’s death remains unknown after he was found in Nashville. Simon has since issued a touching statement mourning the loss of the musician at such a young age. “Unfortunately, it happens too much over the years,” he said. “I was thinking about this the other day. People [who] passed too soon.” READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe “Every time it happens, because you’ve got to know them, it’s horrible. “The unfortunate thing is it’s happened too many times and every time it happens, it’s hard.’ Nolan auditioned for America’s Got Talent’s 15th season with an original song titled Lost. The judges were impressed with the track, and he even received a standing ovation from the audience. His song was penned after overcoming a battle with substance abuse. During his audition, he told the panel: “The hook of this song is ‘lost for the last time’. “It’s about someone who thinks that they don’t deserve anything because of the things they’ve done. “I hope that it connects with you all, that will be the real win for me.” DON'T MISS:The Sandman’s Gwendoline Christie explains Lucifer’s absence [INSIGHT]Sally Nugent blasts Starmer as she questions where Labour leader is [INTERVIEW]P-Valley’s Nicco Annan sparks frenzy with on-set improv [VIDEO] Nolan reached the quarterfinals of the 2020 competition, ultimately losing out to poet Brandon Leake. The musician’s daughter, Caylin Cate, has now set up a GoFundMe page, writing Nolan didn’t have life insurance “or any money whatsoever.” “The expenses that come from this are extensive as we are trying to prepare for his funeral and fly in his son & loved ones,” she continued. “If you want to help in any way, you can donate here. Anything is appreciated and I am so grateful for the community rallying behind us.” Although the exact cause of Nolan’s death is unconfirmed, his cousin Dylan Seals told People he “ultimately succumbed to his battle with substance abuse". “He was always open and honest about [his substance abuse] struggle,” Dylan said. “He was a loving father and son. A light to all who knew him. My heart goes out to his two children and his mother Cathy.” America’s Got Talent season 17 continues Tuesdays on NBC in the USA.