Manchester United have made a concrete offer for Benjamin Sesko but they are not the only club in the mix for the highly-rated teenage striker, according to reports in the forward's native Slovenia. The Red Devils have made no secret of the fact they are strong admirers of the 19-year-old after holding multiple meetings with his representatives. Sesko fits the bill for United in the sense he is a player for the future, whilst also improving their current forward options. With Anthony Martial set to miss their Premier League opener against Brighton and Cristiano Ronaldo still pushing for an exit, United need reinforcements in attack. According to Slovenian journalist Rok Viskovic, United have now made a concrete offer for Sesko - they are not alone, however. That's because Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain are also at the table as they look to pip the Red Devils to a deal. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer United are hopeful of beating the rush though having formed a professional relationship with Sesko's agent Elvis Basanovic. The club have been impressed with the performances of Sesko during the matches their scouts have placed him under the microscope. That includes Salzburg's recent 1-0 victory over Liverpool in pre-season when the young attacker netted the winner. Chelsea have also held talks with the player's agent Basanovic and they too are looking to sign a striker this summer. DON'T MISSTottenham 'strike £20m verbal agreement' over seventh signing for Antonio ConteMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredLeicester 'immediately reply' to eye-watering £63m Chelsea transfer bid for Wesley Fofana The Blues are now exploring a move for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang but Sesko is also very much part of their thinking. Salzburg do not want to sell their talisman though and are prepared to refuse any offers they arrive. The report does not reference any response to any of the offers currently on the table - or who Sesko would prefer to join. There are also a whole host of others clubs interested in a deal for Sesko, including Newcastle United, Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig. A record sale for a Slovenian footballer is anticipated should the player push for an exit United are now expected to up the ante as they look to see off competition for the forward with Erik ten Hag determined to push through more signings. Sesko is open to a transfer but Salzburg are considered to be the best place for his development. Any club that pushes to sign Sesko this summer may have to loan the player back to the Austrian champions for another season.