The Mississippi River is lined with charming towns, majestic wildlife and beautiful scenery - and thanks to a new holiday from Imagine Cruising, you can experience it all while sailing onboard a historic steamboat. Imagine Cruising has launched a 12-night All-Inclusive Magic of the Mississippi River Cruise with everything you could want for a holiday to remember, with an itinerary that spans the likes of Memphis, Elvis Presley's Graceland and New Orleans. The holiday also includes a river cruise on the historic American Queen, the largest steamboat ever built. Steeped in history and oozing elegance, the flagship paddlewheeler offers gourmet dining options, a top deck that's ideal for soaking up the sunshine, and the Engine Room Bar for the perfect tipple or two. For those wanting an extra touch of the whimsical, there are Broadway-calibre shows on offer in the Grand Saloon. On this particular sailing, there'll also be a special live performance from jazz and soul singer Kandace Springs. The holiday kicks off with plenty of thrills courtesy of a three-night stay in Memphis, Tennessee, right in the heart of Carnival season. Spend your nights throwing yourself into the celebrations and live music, and while away the days with fascinating trips including an audio-guided tour of Elvis Presley's home Graceland, as well as a trip to the Rock 'n' Soul museum. From Memphis you'll embark on the American Queen, the largest steamboat ever built. The flagship paddlewheeler is steeped in history and elegance, with gourmet dining options, a top deck that's ideal for soaking up the sunshine, and the Engine Room Bar for the perfect tipple or two. For those wanting an extra touch of the whimsical, there are Broadway-calibre shows on offer in the Grand Saloon. Sailing along the Mississippi River, you'll get to explore plenty of charming towns and encounter majestic wildlife. Highlights are sure to include the historical port of Vicksburg and Mississippi's oldest city Natchez. The cruise ends in New Orleans, where passengers can enjoy a two-night stay to soak up the nightlife, mouthwatering Creole and Mardi Gras celebrations. That includes a jazz dinner cruise complete with music from the Dukes of Dixieland Jazz trio. Want to be on board? Prices start from £3,499pp for the holiday, departing on February 17, 2023. You can already book on imagineholidays.co.uk.