Max Baucus, former US ambassador to China, accused Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi of behaving “recklessly” and “dangerously” simply to “get a little publicity”. He claimed “there is no reason for her to go” and that her visit to Taiwan will force China to “save face and do something quite strong” by way of retaliation. It comes as China warned the US that they were “seriously infringing” on their sovereignty and at least 21 Chinese planes were spotted in Taiwanese airspace according to its defence ministry.    Mr Baucus said: “I think it is a mistake. The goal with US foreign policy with respect to China is to reduce tensions. “It is not to increase tensions and clearly speaker Pelosi’s visit increases tensions unnecessarily because Taiwan knows where the United States stands with respect to Taiwan. “There have been visits by previous officials, American officials, and its aim is to buttress America's strength in Taiwan. “So, there is no reason for her to go, frankly, except that she wants to go and maybe to get a little publicity.    “I think it is dangerous. I think it is reckless. She should not have gone. “China will react. We don’t know precisely how China will react but China has made so many strong statements lately against her visit that to save face they have got to do something quite strong.” Ms Pelosi, travelling with six other American lawmakers, became the most-senior US political leader to visit Taiwan today since 1997. Her arrival prompted a furious response from China at a time when international tensions already are elevated by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: China army launches military drills around Taiwan - WATCH [VIDEO]   China considers Taiwan part of its territory and has never renounced using force to bring it under its control. The United States warned China against using the visit as a pretext for military action against Taiwan. Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen will meet with Ms Pelosi on Wednesday morning and then have lunch together, the presidential office said. In a Washington Post opinion piece released after landing, Pelosi explained her visit, praising Taiwan's commitment to democratic government while criticising China as having dramatically increased tensions with Taiwan in recent years. She wrote: “We cannot stand by as the CCP proceeds to threaten Taiwan - and democracy itself”, referring to the Chinese Communist Party. Ms Pelosi also cited China's “brutal crackdown” on political dissent in Hong Kong and its treatment of Muslim Uyghurs and other minorities, which the United States has deemed genocide. DON'T MISS: China unveils map with EXACT locations it will encircle Taiwan [INSIGHT] Furious Xi scrambles 21 fighter jets across South China Sea [REVEAL] Nancy Pelosi touches down in Taiwan as China tensions boil [REPORT]   But China was quick to issue threats to Taiwan and retaliatory measures after Ms Pelosi landed. China's foreign ministry said it lodged a strong protest with the United States, saying Ms Pelosi's visit seriously damages peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait, “has a severe impact on the political foundation of China-U.S. relations, and seriously infringes upon China's sovereignty and territorial integrity.” Chinese warplanes buzzed the line dividing the Taiwan Strait before her arrival and the Chinese military was put on high alert. The Chinese military then announced joint air and sea drills near Taiwan, starting on Tuesday night, with test launches of conventional missiles in the sea east of Taiwan set to take place. READ NEXT: China 'will unify Taiwan with mainland' if West does not challenge XiChina rings military sirens amid tensions ahead of Pelosi Taiwan visitChina's FIVE military responses over Pelosi visitChinese holidaymakers terrified as Xi sends tanks close to Taiwan Pelosi Taiwan visit: 'We will BURY incoming enemies' China army warns  