Dorset residents are campaigning to introduce a tourist tax to Bournemouth. Many are angry that beaches in the popular staycation area have been “trashed” this summer. Local resident Maris Lake has launched a petition calling for people who enter a set zone in Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole to be taxed. Mr Lake said that only local residents or those visiting family that live in the area would be exempt. In the change.org petition, Mr Lake says: “Every year -especially after the Covid lockdown - sandy beaches are getting more and more trashed. “This is done mostly by outside travellers who travel long hours from far away to spend a day or two in our most beautiful beaches. READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'avoid' 2 types of trousers to get free upgrade “I am calling on BCP council to introduce a tourism tax to anyone who enters the BCP area and isn’t local nor has any connections to the area. “This would be in place during the summer season and on a certain distance from the sea front. “It can be easily done by a number plate recognition system and permits could be managed online and granted for family members who are coming to visit or something along those lines." Mr Lake added that money raised from the scheme could go towards “much-needed” improvements to the area.  He added it would reduce the amount that needs to be spent on cleaning up the beaches each year. So far, the petition only has a few signatures but similar tourist taxes are in place in many European countries. According to Bournemouth Echo, some councillors have said that they think the tax is worth considering. However, Councillor Beverley Dunlop said that keeping the beaches in good condition was not an extra cost to local taxpayers. READ MORE: The most beautiful staycation destination in Britain is ‘amazing’ She said all the cleaning fees were paid for by seafront income which she said generates millions of pounds. Dunlop said a tax would likely deter tourists and put Bournemouth’s tourist industry at risk. During busy weekends this summer, Bournemouth and other popular Dorset destinations have been strewn with litter. Some tourists have left disposable BBQs on the sands while some local residents have seen beer bottles and other rubbish.  Wales is also considering introducing a tourist tax with a consultation on the idea due to be held. Some officials feel that tourists should pay a small tax to help cover the cost of services in honeypot areas. However, many people who work in the tourism industry fear that a tax might put people off holidaying in Wales. Wales has a growing tourism industry and has become a more popular destination since the pandemic. Express.co.uk has contacted BCP for comment.