Gordon Brown appeared on Monday's Good Morning Britain to discuss the cost of living crisis. He demanded an emergency budget before "a financial time bomb pushes millions over the edge". ITV host Richard Madeley later commented "the chances of people listening to you are nil" as he concluded the interview.  When asked about approaches to tackling inflation, co-host Charlotte Hawkins stated: "When we look at sort of maximising the amount of money that people have in their pockets, we're looking at the economic plans from both of the leadership candidates who are obviously taking a very different approach to it. "It's in The Times this morning - 'Get inflation down before cutting tax, voters urging this is the latest poll suggesting that actually, 64 percent of voters thought the next Prime Minister should concentrate on inflation, 17 percent favouring tax cuts.' "With your economic experience obviously all those years of being chancellor, what is the right approach to this?" READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood warns North-South divide as South struggles for water She added: "Because we're being told on one hand 'Don't cut tax it's going to mean that inflation gets even higher,' on the other hand we're trying to make the most of making sure that people are able to keep more of their money." Brown responded: "Well if you'd asked people, 'Did you include the cost of living crisis' in dealing with that in the question, I would have thought 90 percent would have preferences tax cuts and what's got to happen on inflation. "Deal with the cost of living crisis, that's the priority at the moment. "You know, the tax cuts Truss is proposing don't really help the people who'll need help most, they give most to people who are richer. "Rishi Sunak's now come out with a tax cut but he himself said that his tax cut would disproportionately help the rich a few months ago." Brown added the government need to act "now" in order for the benefits to reach people by October 1. As the interview concluded, Madeley took a swipe by stating: "I would have thought given the state of the Conservative Party and therefore the government at the moment, they're kind of tearing each other apart. "The chances of them listening to a former Labour PM and the advice that you're passing on in your article in the Mirror this morning and in this interview here today are probably about nil!" DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley slammed as he 'chuckles' in emotional grief interview [VIDEO]Van Der Valk's Lucienne star recalls traumatic on-set experience [LATEST]Ian Wright in Match of the Day gesture to Alan Sugar following jibe [LATEST] Brown laughed as Madeley continued: "So, given that your call is probably going to go completely unheeded, do you really think that we might be looking at a four-day week com the winter? And power cuts?" "No, I don't think it should come to this if we take action," the former chancellor responded. "But of course, if we don't take action there may have to be some sort of voluntary restraint of the use of energy and even some form of rationing which is what they're considering in Germany. "I think these things are options that are available but only if we do not act." Responding, some viewers took to social media. @Sal_Salvatore_p fumed: "Benefits Benefits Benefits always Benefits! "What about the pensioners who worked hard and saved all their lives who are not eligible for any help until they are also destitute? And, stop paying UC to youngsters who are not actively seeking work! My opinion." @annette_duff asked: "Where is Keir Starmer? - is this not exactly what the Leader of the Opposition should be doing??" @TonyMoorcroft commented: "@richardm56 asked Gordon Brown if we're looking at people working a 4 day week. Isn't that a bit hypocritical coming from someone that only works 4 days a week Richard?" ericcollins17 fumed: "Coming from an ex-chancellor who was in office during a great period of growth and never put any cash away for a rainy day - joke." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.