Nick Ferrari raged at Governor of Bank of England Andrew Bailey as he accused him of having been “asleep at the wheel at the time he needed to take decisive actions” for the nation. Mr Bailey Thursday warned the UK should brace for a potential recession and announced the BoE’s decision to raise interest rates to 1.75 percent. Mr Ferrari referred to Mr Bailey as a “failed Governor” and warned, “it is you [British people] that is going to feel the pain”. Nick Ferrari said: “The failed, I would suggest, governor of the Bank of England who for many now has been found asleep at the wheel at the time that he needed to take decisive action as the nation emerged out of Covid or lockdown. “Inflation will hit seven times the official target and a year of recession on the way. “I appreciate there are outside causes and effects of that. “I get it…the Ukraine war and everything else." He added: “Of course, it is you [British people] that is going to feel the pain. “It’s you that is going to feel the pain on your mortgage. “I appreciate if you live on savings, but if you let me be a littler bit crude in my analysis, I’m sure that you, granddad, don’t want to see your grandchildren struggling to pay their mortgages or even handing back the keys.” After playing back yesterday’s announcement from Governor of Bank of England Andrew Bailey, he commented: “This is the failed Andrew Bailey. READ MORE: Soham murderer Ian Huntley revealed horrific details “It’s not often I refer to Greta Thunberg, but this is just blah, blah, blah”. The comments came as Governor Andrew Bailey yesterday warned that the UK will start falling into a recession that will last over a year. According to the BoE’s forecast, the UK economy is expected to shrink in the last three months of this year and steadily through 2023. In light of the forecast, Mr Bailey announced on Thursday that interest rates have not reached 1.75 percent with inflation now expected to hit over 13 percent. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: New masterplan to crush Britain's HGV chaos [WATCH]Labour leader Starmer found to have breached MPs' code of conduct [LISTEN]Nick Clegg mercilessly MOCKED as he returns to London [INSIGHT] The current interest rates mean that homeowners on a typical tracker mortgage have not to pay about £52 more a month. Homeowners on a standard variable rate mortgages will see an increase of £59 a month. In his announcement, he told the British population he had “huge sympathy and huge understanding for those who are struggling the most” in the current cost of living crisis. He also added: “I know that they will feel, 'Well, why have you raised interest rates today, doesn't that make it worse from that perspective in terms of consumption?', I'm afraid my answer to that is, it doesn't because I'm afraid the alternative is even worse in terms of persistent inflation”. READ NEXT: Who won latest Tory leadership debate – Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak? VOTEJacob Rees-Mogg answers YOUR questions on Brexit, Boris and moreRishi Sunak confronted over campaign website in tense audience clash Ukraine LIVE: Russia and Iran axis of evil as Putin plots 'spy launch'Ukraine general highlights TWO signs of Putin body doubles