Aston Villa supporters could quickly turn on Steven Gerrard if he fails to steer the club to an important victory over Everton in Saturday's early kick-off, according to Gabriel Agbonlahor. Villa were unable to register a winning start to the new Premier League campaign last weekend as they fell to an opening-day defeat at the hands of Bournemouth, who scored two goals without reply to claim all three points at the Vitality Stadium. The result marked something of an anticlimax for all those connected with Villa, who have invested heavily both on and off the pitch over the course of the summer transfer window. Agbonlahor believes that a victory will be the minimum expectation when Everton make the trip to Villa Park this weekend in order to avoid supporters growing frustrated with Gerrard after just two matches of the new season."He’s got a squad of players where he’s got a bit of a headache," Agbonlahor told talkSPORT on Thursday morning. "You know when you’ve got options as a manager, he could play Emi Buendia or Philippe Coutinho, Ollie Watkins or Danny Ings and Leon Bailey’s been in good form in pre-season."He’ll know that Aston Villa need to be finishing in the top 10 this season. It’ll be a great game on Saturday against Everton at home to get a result, but that Villa crowd, if we go 1-0 down they’ll be ready to turn after the Bournemouth game. JUST IN: Tottenham ‘launch new offensive’ in Nicolo Zaniolo transfer chase "Aston Villa should be finishing in the top 10 with that squad of players. He’s been given the money. He’s got [Philippe] Coutinho, another centre-half and another centre-midfielder in [Boubacar] Kamara."He’s been given money to spend and that squad of players should be competing and finishing in the top 10. He’ll know that he’ll be under pressure if he doesn’t deliver that. "The board have pumped a lot of money into Aston Villa Football Club, they’re bettering the stadium and the academy has had money pumped into it, so Steven Gerrard knows that Aston Villa need to finish in the top 10 and, in two seasons, to be looking at getting into those European places."Villa have spent close to £50million on no less than five new signings in the months since the end of last season, with Gerrard having taken a proactive approach to improving his squad in the summer transfer window thus far. It remains to be seen whether the 42-year-old will be able to match the expectations of Villa fans by sealing a respectable finish in the Premier League at the end of the campaign or if things will begin to deteriorate over the coming weeks and months. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here