Leicester City will refuse to bow to Chelsea over their pursuit of Wesley Fofana by continuing to select the French defender in their matchday squads, according to reports. Fofana is said to have emerged as a high-priority target for Chelsea, who are still looking to add another first-choice central defender to their ranks before the summer transfer window closes next month. The Blues have already seen at least two lucrative bids knocked back by Leicester, who are in no mood to sell their prized asset in spite of Chelsea's fixation on bringing him to Stamford Bridge. The Foxes are still planning to deploy Fofana at the heart of their defence and Brendan Rodgers will ignore the ongoing speculation over his future by naming him as a starter for this weekend's match against Arsenal, according to CBS Sports.It is said that Leicester were 'pretty dismissive' in their responses to Chelsea's first two offers for Fofana, who remains tied down at the King Power Stadium until the summer of 2027. Talks between the two clubs remain ongoing, though, with the Blues now trying to speed up the process by pushing to maintain a verbal back-and-forth.However, it seems as though Leicester are unwilling to budge unless Chelsea are prepared to make Fofana the world's most expensive defender by trumping the fee paid by Manchester United to land Harry Maguire back in 2019. Fofana would certainly represent a shrewd addition for the Blues, who recently missed out on a big-money move for Jules Kounde after Barcelona hijacked their proposed deal at the eleventh hour. JUST IN: Man Utd star Marcus Rashford 'in talks' with PSG as boss drops hint Thomas Tuchel is said to be desperate to reinforce his defensive options with the addition of Fofana to complement the signing of Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli, which was completed earlier this summer. Chelsea will need to put the work in to convince Leicester to sell up, though, with Foxes manager Rodgers moving quickly to shut down the uncertainty over the Frenchman's immediate future on Thursday."There were two [bids] but nowhere near what the club would consider," Rodgers told reporters. "We’re not looking to sell. Naturally if there’s interest from other clubs, that is looked at by the club. "He’s a top young defender and there are not too many around his age. Another year for him at least would be really important for his development."Wesley is quite calm on the situation. He is aware of the interest, he’s just getting on with his work."Chelsea have already spent more than any other Premier League club on new players since the end of last season, with new owner Todd Boehly having splashed around £175m in the market over the last few months. They do not appear to be finished yet, though, and will be hoping to add to their long list of talented stars by finally poaching Fofana from Leicester in the not-too-distant future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here