Frenkie de Jong to Chelsea is a transfer deal that is ‘progressing’, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international has been pursued by Manchester United for nearly three months amid uncertainty over his Barcelona future. However, it seems as though he could end up moving to Stamford Bridge instead of Old Trafford this summer. Manchester United have agreed a fee with Barcelona for De Jong, with the Red Devils prepared to spend an initial £63million on the midfielder. But Chelsea are now rivals when it comes to snapping up the 25-year-old, especially with N’Golo Kante approaching the twilight years of his career. It’s previously been reported that the Blues were willing to match United’s offer for the Netherlands international as new owner Todd Boehly looks to keep on spending. It’s already been a fruitful transfer window for the west London giants, who have landed Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella from Manchester City, Napoli and Brighton respectively. And CBS Sports journalist Ben Jacobs has claimed a deal for De Jong is ‘progressing’, with the midfielder deciding against a move to United. “Frenkie de Jong also progressing,” he said on Twitter. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “Further clarity expected next week. Barca say they want to keep him but that will change when they make a Bernardo Silva offer. “De Jong, as previously reported, prefers Chelsea to Manchester United if he’s to be forced out.” If United do miss out on De Jong, that will be a hammer blow for the fallen Premier League giants. Erik ten Hag is adamant there’s nobody like the former Ajax star, with the duo previously working together over in the Netherlands. United have put all their resources into a deal and are still believed to be confident, despite recent developments. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join But Chelsea’s involvement has now changed matters. The Blues can offer De Jong a chance to play in the Champions League, something United’s can’t after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. Instead, the Red Devils will be strutting their stuff in the Europa League. And Chelsea can offer De Jong the chance to live in London, too, something that’s apparently tempting for the player. His preference is still to stay at Barcelona, despite the Catalan giants owing him between £14m and £17m in unpaid wages. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet with the La Liga side needing to register new signings such as Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie, their need to sell is evident. Gabriel Agbonlahor, meanwhile, recently stated the 25-year-old should move to Chelsea - instead of United. He said on talkSPORT: “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and their fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like [Paul] Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. “Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here