Last week, Ofgem confirmed that the energy price cap will rise, increasing the average energy bill to £3,549. This means households could be paying this and even more. There are around four million customers on pre-payment meters, which effectively pay-as-they-go for their energy. If someone is in debt on a prepayment meter, the amount they owe can be deducted when they next top up. With energy bills set to rise, and the demand becoming higher in the winter, analysts at the Resolution Foundation said typical energy costs during winter will be three times higher than they were last winter at around £500 a month. Typical energy bills in January alone could hit £714 – which could be over half of someone’s monthly disposable income. READ MORE: 'I'm not where I should be' Dave Ramsey suggests how woman, 60 can get by in retirement Lauren Johnston, 38, is “dreading winter” due to the rising costs. She told Metro: “I feel luckier than most because I have a modern insulated home with an air source heat pump but still, it worries me greatly. “I don’t really check my meter so it clicks off when I run out. “It means I have to put it onto emergency credit all the time, until I next get to a shop to top up. READ MORE: Money saving tips: Three ‘simple’ ways you could slash your energy bills by up to £250 “If I can wait a few days until another month comes then I will. “I have an emergency fund if the worst comes to the worst.” Lauren is a single mum living in the Scottish Highlands with her seven-month old baby. Although she is still on maternity leave from her job, she has just set up her own freelancing website to make some extra cash where she can be doing finance, admin and website maintenance. Analysis from Citizens Advice shows one in four people in the UK simply won’t be able to afford to pay their energy bills in October. This is double the number already in the red ahead of the price cap rise. This could rise to one in three people in January when prices are predicted to soar above £4,200. The charity’s projections take account the energy rebate and cost-of-living payments offered by the government, leaving no doubt that spiralling costs are rapidly outstripping the support on offer.  A spokesman from Citizens Advice said: “Of those who won’t be able to pay in October, 68 percent have a household income of less than £30,000. "Some will bear the brunt of rising energy bills, with 3.2 million disabled people and 4.4 million families with children set to be unable to afford October’s hikes. “On average, those who can’t afford autumn’s predicted rise will end up almost £100 a month in the red. One way to combat the rising bills is to check what benefits people may be entitled to. Over £15billion is being unclaimed by low income households across the UK.