Last year’s brand new NCIS spin-off is coming back for a follow-up season after it immediately became a smash hit with fans of the franchise. Ahead of NCIS Hawaii’s return after the summer, series lead Vanessa Lachey has taken to Instagram with a new glimpse at the season premiere, which will feature some exciting special guests. Vanessa posed with NCIS stars Wilmer Valderrama and Katrina Law in her latest social media post. Her update has given fans their first look at the forthcoming NCIS crossover, which is now confirmed to be a massive double bill premiere event. NCIS Hawaii’s season two premiere will begin right after the first episode of the mainline series' milestone 20th season on September 19. “Road Trip!!! DC comes to Hawai’i and Hawai’i goes to DC!” Vanessa captioned her post. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history “A TWO-hour premiere crossover event! One story, Two shows, One night!” The teams previously met each other earlier this year in the two-part episode, T'N'T. So as it looks like Tennant will be teaming up with Torres and Knight rather closely, what drama will the trio face? Fans will now be given two crossover episodes in the same year for the first time since 2015, boding well for future team-ups between the two task forces. Vanessa’s co-star Jason Antoon also shared an update on the crossover, this time with an image of their characters Jane Tennant and Ernie Malick visiting the NCIS office in Washington. He captioned his post: “Hawai’i is in the house - @vanessalachey and I had THE best time working on the mothership @ncis_cbs - toon in 9/19 for the premiere crossover event.” (sic) NCIS enthusiasts, of course, have gone mad for the latest exciting update and took to the comments in anticipation of the upcoming premiere. On Vanessa’s post, @elry2020 replied: “Love crossovers of favourite shows! Yay something to look forward to.” DON'T MISS:Outlander prequel: Jamie’s family explored in spin-off [LATEST]SEAL Team’s AJ Buckley shares peek at new location [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans distracted by huge Jesse Pinkman plot hole [REACTION] @kime.arlene said: “My three favourites all in one shot!!! Love you!” And @jenstrazzo commented: “I love the chemistry of all the characters when you film crossovers!!! I can't wait!!!” On Jason’s post, @rizosdemaria exclaimed: “I'M NOT SCREAMING! YOU'RE SCREAMING!! Okay maybe I'm screaming too.” “Omg!!! Is it September yet!?!?” @annettiek wrote. And @shirleyjanetok added: “Can’t wait! Pls September hurry up!!” (sic) Their posts have confirmed familiar favourites Tim McGee (Sean Murray), Dr Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen), Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) and even director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) will meet up with the Pearl Harbor agents. Not spotted was the NCIS’s new team leader, Alden Parker (Gary Cole), who went on the run in the season 19 finale after being framed for murder. Hopefully, with the help of the visiting agents from Hawaii, the team will be able to clear his case, track him down and return him back to the office. The new seasons will also be followed by a new outing for NCIS: Los Angeles in October, though no crossovers with the Hawaii team have been confirmed. NCIS season 20 and NCIS Hawaii season 2 premiere Monday, September 19 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.