Tyson Fury has revealed the tragic news that his cousin, Rico Burton, was stabbed to death last night. ‘The Gypsy King’ called upon the government to end the “pandemic” that is knife crime in the United Kingdom during a social media plea. Taking to Instagram, he wrote: "My cousin was murdered last night, stabbed in the neck, this is becoming ridiculous idiots carry knives. This needs to stop Asap, uk government needs to bring higher sentencing for knife crime, its a pandemic & you dont know how bad it is until its 1 of your own! "Life is very precious & it can be taken away very quick enjoy every moment RIP RICO BURTON may the lord god grant you a good place in heven. see you soon  #onlycowardscarryweapons." Fury's emotional post comes just hours after he vowed to come out of retirement to face Oleksandr Usyk in an undisputed unification bout for all four major sanctioning body belts. The Mancunian had initially stepped away from the sport in April when he scored a sixth-round knockout over Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium. But now it appears as though the WBC champion is back. "Hi, guys, Tyson Fury here aka The Gypsy King. I've just seen Joshua lose for a second time to Usyk. However, England has been relieved of its belts yet again as usual but there is a remedy and a solution that I can suggest. If you want those belts back, then send in the gypsy barbarian of England, come on!" bellowed Fury during a video posted online. "Send me in I will relieve the Ukrainian dosser of his belts like I did the last Ukrainian dosser. But it's not going to be cheap, if you want the best then you've got to pay. It's going to be very expensive so get your f***ing cheque book out and I will relieve that Ukraine dosser of them belts. Get up!" MORE BOXING NEWS... Anthony Joshua fights back tears after losing to Oleksandr Usyk again Joshua team 'left him out to dry' as Clarke apologises for rant Joshua storms out the ring in fury, shouts at Usyk  Usyk defeated Anthony Joshua for a second time last night to retain his WBA (super), IBF, and WBO heavyweight titles at the King Abdullah Sport City Arena in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. After the contest, he too called for the super fight and claimed that he would retire if he was not given Fury next. The winner of the clash will become the first undisputed heavyweight champion of the four-belt era in what will surely be an epic encounter.