Manchester United have reportedly agreed personal terms with Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka but must overcome a hurdle regarding the structure of the deal - the Magpies' are demanding a permanent transfer as opposed to a loan with an option to buy. The Slovakian stopper looks set to become the Red Devils fifth summer signing, following Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez and Casemiro through the Old Trafford doors. Having allowed Dean Henderson to join newly-promoted Nottingham Forest on a season-long loan, United are in the market for a back-up goalkeeper to provide cover and competition for current No 1 David De Gea. Erik ten Hag's team have been linked to numerous names, but have seemingly settled upon former Newcastle favourite Dubravka, who has fallen down the pecking order at St. James' Park following the arrival of Nick Pope earlier in the window. According to transfer insider Fabrizio Romano, United have now agreed personal terms with the 33-year-old but the structure of his intended move from Tyneside is proving somewhat problematic. The Red Devils are understood to be eyeing a loan agreement with an option to purchase the keeper next summer, however Newcastle seemingly have different ideas. The Magpies are said to be demanding United pay a permanent fee for their former No 1 now. Dubravka is understood to be eager to see Newcastle accept United's offer as he considers representing the Old Trafford outfit as a massive opportunity. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers In Henderson's absence, Tom Heaton has been promoted to De Gea's deputy, though United are understood to be aiming to keep the 36-year-old as their third-choice option between the sticks. The Red Devils have been linked to a number of goalkeepers this summer including Everton's Asmir Begovic, Eintracht Frankfurt's Kevin Trapp and Borussia Monchengladbach's Yann Sommer. Despite De Gea being at fault for two goals in United's recent 4-0 humiliation to Brentford, Ten Hag backed the Spaniard to adapt to his demands of becoming more of a ball-playing keeper. The Dutchman said: "I am convinced that he can do it. And it's obvious the second goal, okay [he was at fault]. He showed already I have seen in training and in the first games that he can do that." DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Van der Sar makes 'rare' move to rescue Antony talksMan Utd send 'deadline day promise' to De Jong after fresh contactMan Utd urged to sign new Ruud van Nistelrooy to replace Ronaldo Since joining the Red Devils back in 2011, De Gea has gone on to make 490 appearances for the club. The 31-year-old currently sits 11th on United's list of all-time record appearance-makers and is just 20 outings away from breaking into the club's top 10. After suffering two embarrassing defeats in the opening two matches of the current Premier League campaign, United have since bounced back, following up a 2-1 home success over Liverpool on Monday night with a hard-fought 1-0 win away to Southampton on Saturday. Bruno Fernandes' well-taken volley proved to be the winner at St Mary's as De Gea registered his first clean sheet of the season.