Across Germany, city centres are going dark as lights are turned off on public monuments and with a 15 percent enforced cut in energy use, Europeans face a bleak winter. If the UK is to avoid blackouts and rocketing bills, it needs to unleash an energy revolution that includes vastly expanded fuel storage as well as making the most of our gas, oil and coal. Despite calling tax cuts “immoral”, Rishi Sunak – playing catch-up – has now joined Liz Truss in pledging significant tax cuts to help reduce the cost-of-living crisis. Promising a five per cent cut in VAT on energy bills this autumn, Sunak has a long way to go to match Truss, who wants to remove the green levies that make up to 25 percent of electricity bills. The exchancellor’s headlining four percent cut in income tax is also predicated on getting inflation under control first, which means this is a distant never-never pledge, whereas his rival wants impactful tax cuts now to ease burdens on hard-working families and stimulate economic growth. It is shocking to hear that only Finland charges its motorists more to fill up than British drivers, who pay higher than 27 EU countries. The UK has had the second lowest cut to fuel duty, with Germany cutting by 25p per litre rather than our paltry 5p. Such high petrol pump prices feed directly into Britain’s inflation rate heading towards 12 percent. Targeted cuts to fuel duty would help reduce the cost of transport and delivery as well as for families with day-to-day trips. Immediate cuts will certainly help but it is not the solution to our energy problems. We need to reverse two decades of government green energy policy that has seen civil servants and MPs actively downgrade our energy production and storage. In their fanatical bid to reach net-zero faster than other nations, they have recklessly off-shored our carbon emissions, making us supremely vulnerable to spikes in world energy prices caused by the end of Covid lockdowns and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Or in this case, relocating our carbon emissions abroad through importing fossil fuels or goods made abroad. Such crises should have been anticipated, but instead government departments pressed ahead with reducing our gas storage capacity to meet increasingly unrealistic green targets. Whereas other nations like Germany are seeking to avoid national shutdowns by signing long-term gas supply contracts with the US and Qatar, Centrica’s Rough gas storage capacity in the North Sea was closed in 2018, losing 70 percent of our national ability to store foreign-supplied energy. Even worse, we have allowed green campaigners to intimidate the Government into reducing our ability to produce our own energy. Truss and Sunak are now backing shale gas exploration, despite the Government’s moratorium in 2019, but both have made fracking dependant on local support. Instead, fracking should be part of a national emergency campaign for energy independence guided by ministers, so as to avoid local residents and councillors being intimidated by professional climate activists. Similarly, new coal mines, such as the one in West Cumbria, should be fast-tracked to give British industry the competitively priced energy it so needs. Mothballed coal power plants are being reopened in Germany as that country demonstrates a far more practical approach to the international energy crisis. The prize of becoming energy independent is enormous for the UK in jobs created, lower prices and higher revenue as we export any excess energy abroad. The USA tasted this success in 2019 when it became a net exporter of oil for the first time since 1949. This was then dealt a blow by the incoming President Biden, who imposed numerous green regulations, severely reducing his country’s energy production to the point where he couldn’t deliver on his promise to help Europe with extra liquid natural gas exports. Vying for Conservative party support has made both candidates for PM pay attention to the cost-of-living crisis. Both need to apply common sense to help get us out of this mess. Part of that comes down to supporting our own national energy production and storage. We all face a harsh winter – but quite how harsh will come down to decisions made by whoeverends up in Downing Street.