Britons are currently reeling from the worst impacts of a global fossil fuel energy crisis, with analysts warning that by this October, household energy bills could reach an eyewatering £3,300 a year. The price of wholesale gas has skyrocketed over the past year, as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Ofgem has warned that as a result of the price cap increases, millions of families now face being thrust into fuel poverty.  With this in mind, experts at Unbeatable Blinds have claimed that by switching your regular blinds or curtains to thermal blinds, households can keep warm and save a staggering 40 percent on heating bills once winter arrives. With research firm Cornwall Insight predicting that the energy price cap is on track to rise to £3,244 a year in October, thermal blinds could save up to £1290 a month. Unbeatable Blinds note that aside preventing heat from escaping during the winter, thermal blinds could also help keep cool during the summer. Experts from the company said: “Finding the right thermal blind for you and using it correctly can significantly lower the cost of those ever-increasing energy bills.  “Thermal Blinds are designed to offer incredible temperature control all year round.” During winter months, these blinds act as a layer of insulation and prevent cold air from entering the home. However, they are still practical in summer, as they can reflect heat and sunlight, keeping your home cool. The experts noted: “Aluminium coated blinds with honeycomb pockets are particularly good at regulating temperature as they trap air inside. READ MORE: Energy crisis horror: Unexploded BOMBS in North Sea threaten plans “This creates a thermal barrier between the window and your home, reducing heat loss by up to 40 percent! "In the summer months, this aluminium coating helps to reflect sunlight, stopping your space from getting uncomfortably warm and reducing 75 percent of heat entering your home. “Making the switch now will benefit you for the remaining hot summer days, and will prepare your house for the winter cold.” Craig Lowery, a principal consultant at Cornwall Insight said: “Energy consumers are facing the prospect of a very expensive winter. DON'T MISS: Former army chief warns war with China will come as a surprise [REVEAL] Big Bang breakthrough as NASA’s James Webb spots earliest galaxies yet [REPORT]NATO chief warns Putin 'the whole alliance will react' [INSIGHT]