Jennifer Lopez, 53, and Ben Affleck, 50, went all out for round two of their wedding celebrations, with a lavish second ceremony at Ben's £6.7 million Georgia home. However, some family members, including Ben's beloved brother, chose not to be present for the epic day. Ben's younger brother Casey was missing from the event, despite reportedly sharing an extra close bond with him. A source close to the fellow actor cited "parental commitments at home" in LA as the reason why Casey skipped the wedding, according to a report in People magazine. Casey shares two sons, 18-year-old Indiana and 14-year-old Atticus, with his ex-wife Summer Phoenix and is reportedly keen to be a hands-on father. The actor was also seen over the weekend at a Dunkin' Donuts store in LA with girlfriend Caylee Cowan. READ NOW: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life It meant he would miss what was billed to be "an extraordinary weekend of celebrations" for the proud showbiz couple. Jennifer and Ben's romance seemed meant to be after they reconnected again recently for the second time, following an initial split way back in 2003. However, Casey wasn't able to share their joy - and he wasn't the only one to be notably absent from their big day. Ben's ex-wife Jennifer Garner - who married the actor after he split from J.Lo the first time round - was also away from the party. The pair have remained close in order to co-parent following their split, as they share three children - 16-year-old Violet, 13-year-old Serephina and 11-year-old Sam. Ben's ex helped him through his battle with alcohol dependency, and she received an invite to the wedding at his home in Savannah. Unfortunately, the busy star was believed to have had filming commitments in her home state of Texas. An insider told Terry Zeller's HollywoodLife: "Jennifer Garner is hard at work on a project in Texas and won't be attending the wedding celebration, but she's been totally supportive of her kids being there and is really positive in general about the whole thing."  Meanwhile, all three of Jennifer's ex-husbands dodged the big day. Musician Marc Anthony, with whom she shares twins Emme and Max, now 14, turned out to have tour commitments. Jennifer's first marriage, to Cuban waiter Ojani Noa, took place back in 1997, so it's not known whether he was invited to the celebrations. She also previously tied the knot with back-up dancer Chris Judd in 2001 - the same year that she first met Ben. That marriage was short-lived, and, within a couple of years, Jennifer was making wedding plans with Ben. Sadly the nuptials were quickly postponed, with Ben citing paparazzi intrusion as the reason - and the relationship came to an end shortly afterwards. Now, of course, the couple are back on - even if their happiness couldn't be shared in person with some of the previous loves of their lives.