Looking for the cheapest way to watch the Premier League on Sky TV, Fire TV, Virgin Media and other set-top boxes? We've got you covered. The Premier League 2022/23 season is in full swing and football fans look set for another close title battle. The leading duos of Manchester City and Liverpool have strengthened their squads with high-profile signings like Erling Braut Haaland and Darwin Nunez, while Arsenal and Tottenham have invested well over the summer transfer break which promises to shake up the pecking order. The latest battle for the EPL trophy promises to be fraught. If you don't want to miss a second of the Premier League on your Sky Q, Sky Glass, Fire TV Stick, or other set-top box, you'll be very pleased to know there are some great money-saving deals available right now. First up, if you're in the market for a new 4K TV, all Sky Glass orders unlock 50% off Sky Sports. This limited time deal is only available this month to celebrate the return of the Premier League. That half price discount will last for the duration of your contract – saving you £225! It's no longer possible to watch every fixture with a single subscription. If you want to watch every in the 2022/23 Premier League season, you'll need Sky Sports, BT Sports, and Amazon Prime. While there are bundles with both Sky Sports and BT Sport – offering some discounts, you'll still need to take out a standalone Prime membership. If you don't need to see every fixture, Sky Sports is the one to prioritise. That's because Sky Sports will be the place where you'll be able to watch the most amount of Premier League matches this season, with 128 games set to be shown exclusively on Sky Sports during the 22/23 season. BT Sport will be showing 52 Premier League games, while Prime Video has the exclusive broadcast rights to 20 games. Unlike Sky Sports and BT Sports, Amazon offers a 30-day free trial for its video streaming platform (which is included as part of its Prime membership) so you can watch select Premier League games for free this season. Even if you've taken out an Amazon Prime free trial in the past, it's worth checking whether you're eligible again. Amazon allows users to take out a new free every year or so, so it's possible you'll be able to stream free football all over again! If you're thinking of signing up to get a Sky Q subscription new customers can take advantage of a number of deals. For those looking for a ready-built plan, Sky is offering one package that is tailor made for the start of the season. This plan usually costs £51 a month but is available for £44 a month and includes access to Sky Sports and its Sky TV Entertainment bundle with 300 live channels, 500 on-demand boxsets, and a complete Netflix subscription. Sky also has a ready-made Sky Q package which includes Netflix, Sky Sports and BT Sport for £66 a month. This will not only let you watch the Premier League games that are being broadcast exclusively on BT Sport but also the Champions League, Europa League and Europa Conference League fixtures shown on BT. BT Sport also broadcasts Ligue 1 and Serie A matches. Both of these Sky Q contracts run for 18 months and require a £20 setup fee. Sky Glass is the broadcaster's first ever 4K TV, which has everything you need to experience Sky TV over a good Wi-Fi connection. There's no need for a satellite dish on the outside of your home – a first for a Sky TV product, which means those who don't want an unsightly dish, rented properties, and those in high-rise flats without a communal dish able to watch everything on Sky for the first time. As with Sky Q, you'll be able to pause and rewind live television channels as well as access on-demand content and apps ...but you won't be able to set up series links on Sky Glass. If this sounds like something you're interested in, Sky is running a great offer on Sky Glass right now tied into the start of the Premier League season. For a limited time only you can get access to Sky Sports for HALF PRICE when you sign-up to get Sky Glass. This reduces the price of the Sky Glass Sky Sports package from £25 a month to £12.50. This promotional price runs for 18 months of your contract - meaning you'll be able to watch the entirety of this season's Premier League games on Sky Sports as well as half of next season's fixtures. If you like the sound of this deal just bear in mind the offer isn't around forever. The promotion runs out on August 18. If you want to watch Premier League football on your Fire TV device there are a number of ways. Firstly, you can sign up to Amazon Prime to watch the EPL games that will be shown on Prime Video. A Prime Video subscription on its own costs £5.99 a month, while Amazon Prime costs £7.99 a month or £79 for a year at the moment. This is changing next month though with Amazon Prime prices rising to £8.99 a month or £95 for a year. If you want to avoid the price hike you can sign up to Amazon Prime for a year right now. This will lock in the current £79 price for the next 12 months, and help you to avoid the price hike until your next renewal date. With an Amazon Prime stick you can also access the BT Sport app and the NOW app which will respectively let you tune into BT Sport and Sky Sport channels. If you want to watch BT Sport via the app you can sign up to the BT Sport Monthly Pass which costs £25 a month. While with NOW you can watch Sky Sports channels contract-free if you sign up and get a NOW Sports Membership. This usually costs £33.99 a month but right now is available for £25 a month. If you're thinking of signing up to Virgin Media there are a few deals you need to know of. The leading TV and broadband provider offers a range of TV, broadband and phone bundles which includes Sky Sports - the cheapest of which is £65 a month. This will offer access to Sky Sports as well as over 195 channels, will get you set up with Virgin's M500 Fibre Broadband which offers average download speeds of 516Mbps and unlimited weekend calls to UK landlines and Virgin Mobile numbers. You will also get the Virgin Media TV360 box which lets you pause and rewind live TV, record shows and set-up series links so you don't miss a single episode of your favourite show and access apps like Netflix and Prime Video all via your Virgin Media box. And, better yet, if you love sports this package also includes access to BT Sport. BT Sport is included with a variety of Virgin Media plans such as the Bigger Volt package which costs £49 a month.