Helen Skelton, 39, has opened up about parenting her young children since she split from her husband, Richie Myler, 32, after almost nine years of marriage. The pair share three kids: Ernie, seven, Louis, five, and eight-month-old Elsie. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Helen admitted that her house is “like a zoo” at times.She joked: “Somebody said to me: one child is like having a baby, two is like having a farm and three is like having a zoo - I know what they mean!”When asked if she noticed a big change after the birth of Elsie, Helen confessed: “Oh yeah! It’s good though, I wouldn’t have it any other way. I am very lucky that my boys love their little sister.”Helen went on to explain that she is very “blessed” to have the family that she does. READ MORE:Olivia Newton-John shared ‘beautiful’ final photo with husband On top of bringing up her children, Helen is also incredibly busy with her presenting responsibilities on TV and radio.In addition, it was announced on Saturday that she will compete in the upcoming series of Strictly Come Dancing.On how she balances it all, the Countryfile star explained: “I think that when you are blessed with a family that you like spending time with and a job that you enjoy and find interesting, you just, I'm no different to any working mum.  “I think the trick is probably having lists everywhere and not feeling guilty about stuff. "But it would be wrong of me to even answer that question because everyone’s life is different and I never want to be that person who is like, ‘This is how you do it,’ because I don’t get it right most of the time.“I think you just try your best and that’s all anyone can do.  “Life for me at the minute is definitely hands-on. I love the summer holidays, I'm probably better off in the summer holidays because I don’t have to get them to school on time for 9am, which is a bit of a crazy feat.”Helen recently added another string to her bow when she replaced Laura Whitmore as the presenter of BBC Radio 5 Live’s Sunday show. DON'T MISSBrad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed[INSIGHT]Ellen DeGeneres opens up about former lover Anne Heche's car crash[NEWS]Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini[PICTURES] The mum-of-three takes to the airways every week at 10am where she chats to her celebrity pals about the goings-on across the world.She told me that she was happy to be hosting the show and promised that the show will be “a bit more sporty”.She went on: “Laura is going off, she has got some other projects going on, and I have done some bits on-and-off for Radio 5 Live.  “We are going to do something a bit more sporty which should be good. We are running into a lot of sport in the afternoon so we are going to be just looking ahead to what we have got coming up.” As she continues to broaden her horizons, Helen has teamed up with Lloyds Bank to promote their #FraudsNoGame campaign.The initiative aims to inform parents about how they can protect their children when gaming online and equip kids to be able to spot a scam.On why she is involved, Helen explained: “So many people fall victim to online fraud. It happens to people every day of the week and it is really hard to catch. “We are encouraging people to go to the askaboutgames website and just entertain and integrate the SHIELD code into their lives.”The SHIELD code stands for screening chats from strangers, hiding personal data, investigating gaming-related purchases and evaluating downloads, locking internet networks and delinking bank details.Helen Skelton has partnered with Lloyds Bank’s Fraud’s No Game Campaign, helping parents to protect children from video gaming fraud. Visit https://www.askaboutgames.com/Lloyds-SHIELD-quiz 