Despite the cancellation of Jake Paul vs Hasim Rahman Jr, boxing fans still have three excellent options to choose from tonight. At the Dickies Arena in Fort Worth, Texas, USA, someone’s “0” has got to go as undefeated welterweights Vergil Ortiz Jr (18-0) and Michael Mckinson (22-0) battle it out for a chance to take one step closer to a world title shot. In his last outing, Ortiz Jr obliterated Egidijus Kavaliauskas inside eight rounds while Mckinson beat Alex Martin over the ten-round distance. Across the pond in Northern Ireland, Michael Conlan (16-1) is back in action five months after he was knocked out of the ring by Leigh Wood in Nottingham. This time he returns to his beloved Belfast to take on former world title challenger Miguel Marriaga (30-5). The Colombian boxer has fought for the WBO super featherweight title, WBO featherweight belt, and WBA (super) featherweight strap in the past. Then, finally, over in England Dalton Smith (11-0) gets his long-awaited shot at the British super-lightweight title against Sam O’maison (17-3-1) in Sheffield. Dickies Arena, Fort Worth, Texas, United States Vergil Ortiz Jr vs Michael McKinson (welterweight) Marlen Esparza vs Eva Guzman for Esparza’s (WBC and WBA Women’s Flyweight titles) Maurice Hooker vs Blair Cobbs (welterweight) Bektemir Melikuziev vs Sladan Janjanin (super-middleweight) Alex Martin vs Hank Lundy (super-lightweight) SSE Arena, Belfast, Northern Ireland Michael Conlan vs Miguel Marriaga (featherweight) Padraig McCrory vs Marco Antonio Periban (super-middleweight) Tyrone McKenna vs Chris Jenkins (welterweight) Paddy Donovan vs Tom Hill (welterweight) Colm Murphy vs Ruadhan Farrell (featherweight) Sean McComb vs Ramiro Blanco (super-lightweight) Utilita Arena Sheffield, Sheffield, England Dalton Smith vs Sam O’maison (British super-lightweight title) Sandy Ryan vs Erica Farias (super-lightweight) Johnny Fisher vs Michal Reissinger (heavyweight) Jordan Thompson vs Vasil Ducar (cruiserweight) Campbell Hatton vs Michal Dufek (lightweight) Hopey Price vs Alexander Mejia (super-bantamweight) Junaid Bostan vs Jose Manuel Lopez Clavero (super-welterweight) Nico Leivars vs Angel Gabriel Chavez (bantamweight) Aqib Fiaz vs Jordan Ellison (super featherweight) Kieron Conway vs Nelson Nicolas Rosalez (super-middleweight) MORE BOXING NEWS... Commonwealth Games boxing ref called out for 'ludicrous' decision Deontay Wilder leaves boxing fans perplexed ahead of comeback Usyk 'astounded' by Joshua as sleeping comment contrasted Live streams and fight times Ortiz Jr vs Mckinson will be broadcast live on DAZN with the main card scheduled to get underway from 2am Sunday morning and the main event ring walks expected at 4am. Conlan vs Marriaga can be purchased on Fite TV for a one-off cost of £6.99. The main event will begin around 10.30pm on Saturday evening. Smith vs O’maison like Ortiz Jr vs Mckinson can also be watched on the DAZN streaming service. Main card action is set to get underway at 7pm Saturday with the main event ring walks to follow at 10pm.