Antony 'is gone' from Ajax with Manchester United set to make the Brazil international their fifth signing of the summer transfer window, according to reports. The Brazilian wants to leave for Erik ten Hag's team. And it appears he's set to finally get his wish with just days of the window left. Manchester United have had a fruitful transfer window so far, landing the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro. And they want Antony to follow the quartet to Old Trafford, with Ten Hag previously managing the 22-year-old at Ajax. The Brazil international has gone on strike in recent days as he tries to leave Amsterdam behind, having refused to play or train with his current side. Ajax recently turned down a £76million bid for the Brazil international in the hope of getting even more. And reliable Dutch journalist Gerjan Hamstelaar has claimed on Twitter that Antony ‘is gone’, suggesting he’s now been sold. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers That will represent a huge win for Ten Hag, who has been driving interest in the Samba star throughout the transfer window so far. And he’s now likely to provide competition for the likes of Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford, Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Elanga and Anthony Martial over in the Premier League. Antony is set to become United’s fourth signing from Ajax over the past decade. Daley Blind and Donny van de Beek left Amsterdam for the Premier League in 2014 and 2020 respectively, when Louis van Gaal and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer were in charge. And United raided Ajax for Lisandro Martinez earlier this summer, with the centre-back turning down interest from Arsenal to make the move. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Antony is also set to become the latest Brazilian player to play for the Red Devils. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United had the likes of Kleberson, Anderson, Rafael and Fabio Da Silva and Rodrigo Possebon on their books. In 2018, United signed another Brazilian in Fred - paying £52m to beat Manchester City to the signature of the Samba star. And, just two years ago, the Red Devils landed Alex Telles - who is spending the season on loan at Sevilla. Antony has previously hailed Ten Hag for the impact the Dutchman has had on his career. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. He said recently: "Erik has been super important to me. I am grateful to him and wish him all the best. I will always cheer for Erik after working so closely together. "I have not been able to celebrate or cheer for him as he got no points yet. I couldn't until now anyway and that makes me sad. But knowing Erik, I am convinced that he will turn the tide soon. “Manchester United will improve at his hand. At his previous clubs he has proven that his method works." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Earlier this week, Antony confessed he wanted to leave Ajax by telling Fabrizio Romano: “Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face new challenge and that some interested clubs would arrive and with them, certainly a great offer. “During the window months, meetings continued and I also received a proposal from Ajax for contract renewal. I made it clear once again: I want to leave. I was very happy in Amsterdam, I won titles at Ajax, made friends and built part of my career, but now I reinforce that I am ready and full of motivation to follow my story and my dreams. “People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. I need this to continue performing at a high level. Ajax will always be in my heart.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here