Jon Seit was arrested in a red transit van on April 9. Officers also discovered a stolen electric scooter in the back of the vehicle.  The 41-year-old said the scooter had been offered to him for sale, and that he had friends with him who left before the police arrived, reports Teesside Live. The scooter, which is worth around £500, was stolen from outside its owners' house earlier that day. Teesside Crown Court heard how its owner bought the scooter through the "ride to work" scheme and that it was his only means of getting to work. The scooter had a tracker fitted, which led police to the transit van. Prosecutor Jonathan Walker said that a PCSO had also seen Seit in the same transit van a week earlier, on CCTV footage which showed him buying petrol at a Darlington station. Mr Walker told the court that Seit had also assaulted his neighbour, on April 22. The woman was walking to local shops on Yarm Road in Stockton, when Seit saw her and swung a golf club at her - it hit the back of her thigh, and left a big bruise. He then swung it at her head but missed. When he was arrested, Seit told police that his neighbour, who he had a volatile relationship with, had called him a "paedophile" a few days earlier, and that that had "irritated him." Mr Walker said that Seit called his neighbour, "a wrong' un" and later turned up at the front of her house begging her not to call the police. He was arrested after police found him, "topless in the street." Peter Thubron, defending, told the judge that his neighbour had actually called Seit, "...a n****. Your Honour may be aware that if a person is known around the neighbourhood to have that name attributed to him - his life becomes very difficult. "Paint might be thrown at him. He was put in fear of what might happen to him." Mr Thurbron said that his client used a broken golf club as a walking stick, as he has pins in his leg, and that he had attacked his neighbour with that and he, "did not go equipped with a weapon." The court heard that Seit was also seen driving a Citroen Berlingo on May 24. He was again caught on CCTV filling up the car with petrol in Darlington, despite being banned from driving at a previous court hearing in June of last year. Jon Seit, of Pensbury Street in Darlington, County Durham, pleaded guilty to assault, handling stolen goods, to three counts of driving whilst disqualified and to driving with no insurance. The court heard that he has a lengthy list of previous convictions, which include numerous offences of driving whilst disqualified; dangerous driving; and supplying cocaine. Judge Christopher Rose told Seit: "You have been disqualified from driving for many, many years and you have served repeated prison sentences for this. Yet this does not seem to deter you." The judge handed Seit an 11-month prison term and disqualified him from driving for three years. Listening on video link from HMP Durham, Seit said: "Thank you, Your Honour. I'm very, very sorry as well."