Saturday marks 43 years since Lord Louis Mountbatten was killed in an attack carried out by the Irish Republican Army. The 1st Earl of Burma was the primary target of an IRA assassination plot, which claimed the life of the royal and three other people. Thomas McMahon, the bomb maker, and his alleged accomplice, Francis McGirl, had planted the bomb on Mountbatten’s boat, Shadow V, on the night of August 26, 1979. The following morning, Mountbatten and his family boarded the boat for a day of lobster potting and tuna fishing. They were staying at the royal's holiday home, Classiebawn Castle, on the Mullaghmore Peninsula in County Sligo, in northwest Ireland. He was accompanied by his elder daughter Patricia, Lady Brabourne, her husband Lord Brabourne, their twin sons Nicholas and Timothy Knatchbull and Lord Brabourne's mother Doreen, Dowager Lady Brabourne. Also onboard was Paul Maxwell, a young crew member from Enniskillen, County Fermanagh. READ MORE: Charles not in 'good stead' for new role as prince has 'crossed line Queen never has' Shortly after the boat had left the shore, the 23kg bomb was detonated by a radio controller, immediately destroying Shadow V. While he was pulled from the water alive, Mountbatten was pronounced dead upon reaching land. 14-year-old Nicholas Knathbull and 15-year-old Paul Maxwell were also killed in the blast. Doreen, Dowager Lady Brabourne died in hospital the next day. All of the other passengers sustained severe injuries. More than 20 million people tuned in to watch the tragic events covered in the BBC News bulletin on the evening of the bombing. It was followed by a tribute programme in which the royal reflected on his life. Footage from the BBC Tribute Broadcast was shown in the 2021 Channel 5 documentary ‘The Murder of Mountbatten: 3 Days that Shook Britain’; it revealed Mountbatten had filmed for his own obituary years before his death. In fact, the royal had been preparing for his own death for a number of years. He had planned the majority of his funeral arrangements and “had given considerable thought to his own end,” claimed the narrator, Stephen Greif. During the tribute programme, the Earl made a “striking and poignant observation” about how he wished to leave the world. He said: “By now I’ve come to the end of my useful life and there’s no point in remaining alive forever merely becoming a burden to people. “So I don’t mind now, really, when it comes. “As long as it’s a reasonably peaceful and satisfying sort of death.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS] But no Briton took satisfaction in knowing Mountbatten had been assassinated by an IRA member, in fact, the murder of the royal and World War Two hero signalled a dark period ahead for relations between England and Northern Ireland. The bombing came on the same day as a deadly coordinated attack on British troops just outside of Warrenpoint, Northern Ireland. 18 British soldiers were killed in the attack near the Irish border. According to The Times, “it was the single heaviest death toll for the British Army in the 10 years since it was sent in to quell fighting between Roman Catholic and Protestant militants.” It led to outrage and heartbreak among both the English and the Irish, heightening the Troubles, which would go on for another 19 years. A funeral was held for Mountbatten just over a week after the fatal bombing. His coffin, draped in a Union Jack, was processed through the streets of London, from St James’s Palace to Westminster Abbey, where the funeral was held. Marching alongside were members of the British Armed Forces, as well as representatives from Burma, India, the United States, Canada and France. In the BBC tribute, Mountbatten said: “I think it’s an awful thing, to be sad at funerals. “I hope people won’t cry. They must remember that all my life I’ve enjoyed a joke. “I’ve enjoyed the fun of life, and I’m going to enjoy the fun of dying. “And I’m only sorry I won’t be there to see the fun of the funeral.” Thomas McMahon, who slipped onto the royal’s boat to plant the bomb he had made, was imprisoned for life for the murder of Louis Mountbatten, Nicholas Knatchbull, the Dowager Lady Brabourne and Paul Maxwell. He was released after serving just 19 years under the terms of the 1998 Good Friday Agreement, which saw the three-decades-long conflict come to an end.