Yet today, our military and political leaders seem determined to transform this legendary force from a defender of the skies into a social justice warrior. As the woke ideology tightens its grip on the senior ranks, patriotic vigilance is giving way to politicised virtue-signalling. That is all too clear from the row that has blown up over the RAF's approach to recruitment. Behaving more like a left-wing metropolitan council than a tough-minded guardian of our freedoms, the Air Force has adopted a diversity programme under which 40 per cent of recruits must be women by 2030 and 20 per cent from ethnic minorities. These arbitrary targets are so ambitious that they can only be met by imposing an effective freeze on hiring white men - traditionally the vast majority of the RAF's personnel. Many in the force have been dismayed at this move, which they see not only as blatant discrimination but also a threat to operational efficiency. Indeed a female group captain involved in recruitment resigned her post last week because of the "impossible" targets. In response to the growing controversy, the force at first denied the existence of any jobs ban on white men, and then, in complete reversal, celebrated the bias towards women and ethnic minorities. "We are unashamed about doing that because I think that's a good thing," declared Air Vice Marshal Maria Byford, the head of recruitment. The Air Vice Marshal's pride is badly misplaced. By favouring certain applicants on the basis of their gender or race, the policy makes a mockery of equal opportunities.  The RAF is meant to be an elite organisation where successful candidates are chosen on merit. Bureaucratic exercises in social engineering should be no part of the force's work, particularly because of the real danger that effectiveness in the air will be lost. As Robert Clark, who served in the military for 15 years, put it at the weekend, "the training pipeline for fast jet pilots is roughly nine years before flying operationally. By discriminating against white males for such a long-term capability as this, the RAF will be left woefully short of trained pilots for the wars of tomorrow already brimming on the horizon." Yet the top brass are keener on parading their progressive credentials than on protecting Britain's interests. That spirit is highlighted in the Ministry of Defence's new race action plan which "will build an institutionally inclusive organisation" with "equality as a driving principle". That will really intimidate Putin. But such jargon-riddled language now prevails throughout the public sector. Diversity is now the hallowed creed of the state, upheld by every institution from the NHS to the universities. Many fire brigades now have a goal that 50 per cent of their workforces should be women. In the West Midlands the targets have been even stiffer: 60 per cent of successful candidates were to be women and 35 per cent from ethnic minorities.  This obsession with identity politics has had a dire effect on the running of essential services. Focused on the composition of their own staff rather than public needs, too many organisations have become inward-looking, their morale sapped by the divisive culture of victimhood. A classic example is the police, once the most admired in the world, but now badly losing the fight against crime. It is no coincidence that clear-up rates for the Metropolitan Police have never been lower just as it boasts of its positive action plans for 50 per cent female recruitment and 40 per cent from ethnic minorities.  There is now an atmosphere of permanent upheaval in the public sector, made worse by armies of diversity officials and courses in thought control like "unconscious bias training". Much of the impetus for all this divisive, grievance-led activity stems from the 2010 Equality Act introduced by the last Labour Government. Its architect was Harriet Harman, who said that, by imposing a statutory duty on public bodies to promote equality, she would create "a new social order". She was right and the supine Tory Government has never tried to reverse this change. One of the first tasks of the new Prime Minister should be to take up this challenge. 