One might imagine a young HG Wells discussing social reform while imagining a world where time itself was malleable, or perhaps Alexander Fleming's Eureka moment as he stumbled upon the substance that would save millions upon millions of fellow human beings. Yes the corridors of this hallowed London institution are no stranger to stimulating intellectual debate Which makes the current intake's obsession with a 10 foot cast iron penis all the more fabulously hilarious.Because, yes, those selfsame students at Imperial College London are currently trying to block the installation of a new sculpture by Sir Anthony Gormley on the basis part of it looks like a 10 foot long d*ck. It doesn't. It looks like an industrial RSJ. Which of course is what it is. A ten foot slab of oblong-shaped rusting metal. Only a very, very determined mind, possibly one in serious need of immediate therapy, could mistake this for a penis. But here we are. Again. The poor dears are positively triggered. Group hugs and therapy all round. I bear no particular torch for Gormley. His Angel of the North, despite its claimed iconic status, is complete cobblers and utterly bereft of any artistic merit (though the cast iron watchmen of his Another Place is another matter). But the confected phallus-based row over his sculpture Alert is at once giggle-behind-your-desk-lid funny and grimly indicative of the truly humourless generation we have created. Alert is due to be installed at Imperial College London but the Students' Union is fighting the move claiming "some may consider the male form of the phallic interpretation exclusionary."Gormley has pointed out that where the Freud-befuddled students see a penis he sees a thigh. The rest of us of course still see an RSJ nailed to a load of other RSJs. The whole situation is of course ripe for good old fashioned British p*ss taking - but would a student dare risk sticking his or her head above the snowflake hive-mind parapet?Of course not. God how awful it must be to be a young person today. What a truly grinding, joyless existence. It used to be that being a teenager was awful because of the stifling rules imposed by parents and grown-ups. But now, like particularly stupid sheep or, more accurately, willing young Puritans, young people impose their own. I willingly accept that I'm so old I can remember when the News Quiz on Radio 4 was funny, but I genuinely pity today's teens, afraid to laugh at absurdity lest they be branded un-woke and... God forbid!.. cancelled. Cancelled. Humiliated on social media and abandoned by friends  - or at least "friends". And by "friends" I of course mean social media friends - aka people who have no idea who you are and frankly wouldn't p*ss on you if you were burning. (But go-on kids feel free to have the corporates lead you by the nose and believe somebody who once looked at a picture of your dog - or perhaps you in your underwear - is now your "friend".) In recent days too the terminally humourless of our snowflake generation felt the need to monster St Gary of Lineker, forcing a humiliating and wholly unnecessary climbdown after he made a lame Twitter joke with the word 'bra' in it. Again, I carry no torch for the Lineker - annoyingly god-like on the pitch, annoyingly likeable, annoyingly good at presenting Match of the Day and robustly well financially  upholstered thanks to our hard-earned licence fee, Mr L doesn't really need our tears. But after England Lionessses' goal hero Chloe Kelly whipped off her shirt at Wembley he had the temerity to state: "Kelly is best bra none." Cue predictable Twitter storm and inevitable deletion. God the of me-me-me pity-party of self-righteous fake indignation of our over-privileged, hideously entitled, generation went on for days. What made it all the more telling however was that the Lineker nonsense was juxtaposed in a newspaper with a story about Les Pring. When Les was 17 he wasn't bleating about his sensibilities being triggered, he was dodging German Howitzers and Stukas amid the horror of the D-Day landings. Lance Bombadier Pring was among the first wave landing at Gold Beach amid what vision of Hell we can only imagine. I mourned his passing. In today's horribly entitled Britain one wonders, quite genuinely, whether we will ever see his like again.