Jurell is best known for playing the character of Nate Robinson on Emmerdale, the long-lost son of Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley). Although he had quite an explosive introduction to the world of the ITV soap, the actor has become more of a supportive member of the cast in recent months. The heartthrob of the village seems to be way beyond his years, having been calculated enough to have an affair with Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) as revenge against his father but just how old is the soap star off-screen? According to the Dales' history books, Nate was born on April 27, 1991, and he is the second eldest of all of Cain's four children. This means he is currently 31 years old and off-screen, Jurell is less than one year younger as he was born on March 14, 1992. Therefore, he turned 30 years old earlier this year but it is not known how the actor marked the milestone birthday in the spring. Although he does post on social media platforms, it seems the celebrations were kept private as there is no indication of marking the occasion. It is likely he will have spent time with his family and friends, including some of his co-stars on the weeknight serial drama. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne The actor has now been on the show for three years, having been introduced in 2019 when the soap star was just 27 years old. This wasn't his first break into the industry, however, as Jurell had featured in several programmes before landing the role of Nate. Jurell's other credits include an appearance in BBC soap Doctors and he has taken on several theatre roles over the years. However, this was not the career path Jurell wanted for himself as the actor wanted to become a professional footballer. When he was 18 years old, the actor secured a partial scholarship to go and craft his technique for football in America. This was going to put Jurell on an incredible platform in the sporting arena but unfortunately, his family were not able to pay the rest of the outstanding fees. Therefore, Jurell had to give up on his dream of being a professional footballer, one he had since he was just three years old. Discussing his heartbreak on losing out on this opportunity, Jurell said: "When I got offered the scholarship to the University of South Carolina Aiken it was amazing but I couldn’t find the funds to pay for the rest of it. "So I couldn’t go. What I was offered would have covered 65 percent of the costs but I would still have had to find the other 35 percent, which was beyond my means. "I was so devastated. It was something I loved so passionately, for it then not to go through... it was heartbreaking." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [ANALYSIS]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES] Talking about how he then turned to acting, the soap star explained: "I never really had the confidence to pursue it. "But as cliched as it sounds, life is so short and I didn’t want to have any regrets. Losing out on the football career made me determined to succeed in acting. "I believe that no matter where you come from if you can see something, visualise it and have the passion then you can achieve it," he told The Mirror. Therefore, when he landed the role on Emmerdale just three years after graduating, the actor couldn't believe his luck. Jurell said: "I had wanted to do acting for a very long time, but to land a job on Emmerdale, one of the best-loved soaps in the country, was surreal." "I have got my dream job. I’m in a soap that I grew up watching," the soap star continued. "My mum and my nan were always huge fans, and my dad is a fan now. It is just amazing to be a part of it. They are so chuffed that I am in the show and they are so proud." However, Nate wasn't the role he originally auditioned for as he was geared up to play another beloved character in the village. Talking about who this was, the actor said: "I was seen for the part of Billy and was a bit gutted when I didn't get it. "I'd also met Jay [Kontzle] during the audition process, [the actor who now plays Billy Fletcher]." "But now, having watched Billy's character ­develop, I was definitely more suited to Nate. So it all worked out," he added. "I'm still the same Jurell but sometimes I forget that I'm on this massive show. "I'll be at home in Leicester in my local supermarket and just ­forget," the soap star continued to explain in an interview with the Daily Star. This week's episodes will see Nate help his grandmother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) as she tries to make the most of the time she has left. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.