Putin said Moscow valued its ties with countries in Latin American, Asia and Africa and was ready to offer modern weapons to its allies. At an arms show near Moscow he boasted of Russia’s advanced weapons capabilities, saying: “[We] are ready to offer our allies the most modern types of weapons, from small arms to armoured vehicles and artillery to combat aviation and unmanned aerial vehicles. “Almost all of them have been used more than once in real combat operations.” He also touted Russia’s newest military models and systems, saying: “We are talking about high-precision weapons and robotics, about combat systems based on new physical principles. “Many of them are years, or maybe decades ahead of their foreign counterparts, and in terms of tactical and technical characteristics they are significantly superior to them.” The Russian President’s comments come just a day after he offered to expand relations with North Korea. Putin and Kim Jong-un exchanged letters discussing the countries should form closer ties amid isolation from the West. According to North Korea's state media, KCNA, Putin told Kim should work to "expand the comprehensive and constructive bilateral relations with common efforts”. Delivered to Pyongyang on North Korea's liberation day, it went on to say a union would help "strengthen the security and stability of the Korean peninsula and the Northeastern Asian region". READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Deceived!' Putin ROCKED as Russian soldiers push back In a separate reply, Kim said that since a Russian-North Korean friendship had been forged in the Second World War with victory over Japan, the "strategic and tactical cooperation, support and solidarity" between the two countries had reached a new level. Their common efforts to frustrate threats and provocations from "hostile military forces", it said, bound them. KCNA did not identify the "hostile forces", but it has typically used that term to refer to the US and its allies. In July, North Korea recognised two Russian-backed breakaway "people's republics" in eastern Ukraine as independent states, and officials raised the prospect of North Korean workers being sent to there to help in construction and other sectors. DON'T MISS Met Office storm MAP: Where will it rain today? Power cuts predicted Queen’s ‘unlikely rock’ of support in royal family - it’s not Kate Ukraine Special Forces foil Russian plot to launch deadly attack It comes as Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said today that Russia had no need to use nuclear weapons in Ukraine. During a speech at the Moscow international security conference he alleged that Ukrainian military operations are being planned by the United States and Britain, and that Nato had increased its troop deployment in Eastern and Central Europe “several times over”, Reuters reported. Mr Shoigu added the AUKUS bloc of Australia, the UK and US had the potential to develop into “a political-military alliance”. Meanwhile, the UK’s Ministry of Defence said on Tuesday the surface vessels of Russia’s Black Sea Fleet “continue to pursue an extremely defensive posture”, as patrols are generally limited to waters within sight of the Crimean coast. They added: “This contrasts with heightened Russian naval activity in other seas, as is typical for this time of year. “The Black Sea Fleet continues to use long-range cruise missiles to support ground offensives but is currently struggling to exercise effective sea control. “It has lost its flagship, MOSKVA; a significant portion of its naval aviation combat jets; & control of Snake Island. “The Black Fleet’s currently limited effectiveness undermines Russia’s overall invasion strategy, in part because the amphibious threat to Odesa has now been largely neutralised. “This means Ukraine can divert resources to press Russian ground forces elsewhere.”