Manchester United owner Joel Glazer is ‘involved’ in discussions about keeping hold of Cristiano Ronaldo, according to reports. The Portugal international wants to leave Old Trafford for a team who can offer him Champions League football. However, a move away from the club is looking increasingly unlikely at the current moment in time. Manchester United only re-signed Ronaldo 12 months ago, with the Portugal international scoring 24 goals across all competitions under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. But those efforts weren’t enough to stop the Red Devils from failing to qualify for the Champions League, with the team due to be strutting their stuff in the Europa League instead. Ronaldo now wants out, with the United star determined to play in the Champions League in the twilight years of his career. And The Athletic say Glazer has been involved in discussions about wanting to keep hold of the forward. United see benefits to holding on to the 37-year-old, having planned for the upcoming season with him in mind. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Ten Hag has repeatedly stated he wants Ronaldo to stay put, insisting he can help the Portugal international get back to his best. But Ronaldo’s position remains unchanged and he feels he deserves to go, especially given his determination to win the Champions League one last time. The Portugal international first won the trophy back in 2008, when he was with the Red Devils and playing under Sir Alex Ferguson. United beat Chelsea to the prize that year, prevailing on penalties after Ronaldo, John Terry and Nicolas Anelka all missed in the shootout. Ronaldo was on target as Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 4-1 in the 2014 final, with that triumph his first European one with Los Blancos. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Real then beat the same opponents in 2016, with a penalty shootout seeming them prevail. And the La Liga giants beat Juventus and Liverpool in finals in 2017 and 2019 respectively to add to their gigantic trophy haul. The report says United have rejected one bid for Ronaldo so far, which is believed to have come from a Saudi Arabian side offering a substantial pay packet. But some within the Red Devils feel the club would be wise to jettison the veteran. Ronaldo has vowed to stay professional at United and, if ends up staying, will give his all for the upcoming campaign. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But Ten Hag has taken issue with the forward and some of his team-mates’ conduct after they left Sunday’s 1-1 draw with Rayo Vallecano early. Ronaldo started that match but was hooked at the interval having failed to make his mark on proceedings. And Ten Hag said: “Absolutely not. It is unacceptable. I’ve told them this – that it’s unacceptable. “We are a team, we are a squad and you have to stay to the end.” Former United star Louis Saha, meanwhile, feels Ronaldo should stay at United and stop ‘thinking about himself’. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “In some way, from Cristiano Ronaldo’s point of view it’s a bit unrealistic to ask now a club of this size to adapt to him and his dream,” he said. “I’m not Cristiano but as someone who seems to be a supporter of Manchester United, I have felt like he hasn’t shown completely enough of that, he is thinking about himself. “I am not going to judge him because he is an immense player and I’m not in his position, but I would have loved him to stay because he’s a terrific player. “No one can judge his actions at this moment because it’s his own career.” Ronaldo could be involved when United face off against Brighton on Sunday (2pm). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here