Boris Johnson resigned as Prime Minister on July 7, and will remain Prime Minister until a new Tory leader is elected in September. While Liz Truss, Rishi Sunak, and Keir Stamer have all committed to Brexit, Mr Johnson’s resignation has sparked fears rejoiners will overturn leaving the EU. On Twitter, Andrew Adonis, chairman of European Movement UK, repeated calls the UK could be back in the Customs Union & single Market by 2030. The Lord said: “I haven’t changed my view that when Boris goes, Brexit starts to go too. “Not in one fell swoop but a death of a thousand cuts which would accelerate if Lab win the ejection. “The UK could be back in the Customs Union & single Market by 2030, which Euromove is campaigning for!” In response, Mr Fabricant, Tory MP for Lichfield, said: “This is why we must remain vigilant to keep Brexit and the independence of the UK.” David Bannerman, former Tory MEP, added: “This is the true agenda: If Boris goes Brexit goes. Except they underestimate Liz Truss.” After resigning as Prime Minister, Mr Johnson claimed in July the so-called “deep state” would try to “haul back us into alignment with the EU as a prelude to our eventual return”. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Remoaner bid to blame recession on EU exit shredded Lord Adonis said earlier this month he still believes Brexit can be reversed “entirely” and that the UK will ultimately rejoin the EU. He said on Sunday on Twitter: “The time is coming when I will feel confident in predicting an early referendum to reverse Brexit entirely and take us back into the EU - and that being the campaigning objective of the UK’s pro-EU forces. “The pain, horror and shame of the Brexit disaster will by then be categoric.” DON'T MISS 'We are not scared' Taipei stands tall as US falls quiet - MORE drills Meghan and Harry told 'they’d be crazy' to sell as £11m home FOUR days of UK power cuts and blackouts in January warning Meanwhile, EU diplomats shared they fear a “radical” new UK prime minister will take relations between Brussels and Britain to an all-time low. Speaking about the Northern Ireland Protocol, one EU diplomat told the Observer: “If the UK Government follows through with the plan already set out, I think it’s fair to say relations will get worse.” Another added that the ongoing Tory leadership race was helping only to further “radicalise the candidates”. Ms Truss has refused to back down on her bill overriding parts of the Protocol, and previously said: “The majority of people in Northern Ireland believe that the protocol needs to change.” It also comes as the European Policy Centre, a thinktank located in Brussels, has said Brexit has “permanently damaged” relations between the EU and UK. Analysts from the think tank, Emily Fitzpatrick and Fabian Zuleeg wrote: “In the short term, any reset of the EU-UK relationship is unlikely, particularly as the seemingly intractable question of the [protocol] remains open.” They also added: “Looking further ahead, no matter which candidate wins, they will likely call a general election within a year to legitimise their leadership. “It is unlikely that any agreement on the NIP will be reached before then. Once again, Brussels remains in waiting mode until internal British politics settle down and genuine discussions can resume.”