 Richard Madeley and Kate Garraway chaired a debate on whether the Lionesses should be paid more than the men after the women’s England team’s historic Euro 2022 win. GMB host Richard questioned why Italy received £28.5M for winning the Euros while the Lionesses’ prize money is a fraction of that amount.  Richard asked: “How is it in Italy the [men’s] team can clear over £27million and last night our women’s team cleared less than £2million.” “This is the point in question, I believe rather than have equality and the women’s game being paid the same we should have a period of time where they are overfunded,” former footballer Clarke Carlisle argued. However, footballer reporter Alison Bender expressed her fears over a potential “backlash” if women were paid more than men. “Shouldn’t the prize money be the same?” Richard hit back. Read more: Sam Fox recalls moment she found a lump in her throat   She said: “[There could be a] backlash from fans and a lot of people thinking it’s a business, it’s not a charity. “You’ve got to bring revenue into the game and I feel that if the women’s game organically and slowly and properly so it has a proper fan base and a legacy and people coming to the matches, that will be much more sustainable. “I’m actually trying to help the women’s game here. “But I’m saying if you go and throw a load of money [at the] young game…early on and you don’t have the sustainability then actually you’ll go backwards.”    “Shouldn’t the prize money be the same?” Richard hit back. “Wimbledon changed the prize money and they made it equal prize money for men and women,” Kate quipped. “They said that was a statement which emotionally trickles out to how everybody views the two sports. Is there an argument for statements?” “Statements are a good thing,” Alison replied. “But a lot of the men give the prize money away to charity and fees for playing for England. DON'T MISSKate Garraway confirms GMB return as she shares Derek health update [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan replaced by Jeremy Kyle on TalkTV as he announces break [INSIGHT]GMB row erupts as guests clash over energy bills [VIDEO]  “But I don’t think it’s about that specifically it’s more about generating revenue and making sure this is sustainable going forward.” Meanwhile, Clarke argued: “This women have achieved something monumental. “We’ve seen how they’ve inspired these young girls from four upwards at Wembley. “But when we talk about equality people often think it’s like Wimbledon to be paid exactly the same.”    “But in the context of actually developing the women’s game we need to talk about the equity,” he added. “And equity means that for 100 years the women’s game has been vastly underfunded and under-resourced.” “By who?” Richard questioned and Clarke replied: “By the FA, by the national governing body so much so they banned it for a few decades.” GMB airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.   