Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has admitted that his lack of midfielders available is causing him a ‘headache’. The Blues have been heavily linked with Barcelona playmaker Frenkie de Jong, and recent injury woes could lead to signing the Dutchman becoming a priority. N’Golo Kante is currently sidelined for a matter of weeks, whilst Mateo Kovacic is currently recovering from a knee injury and not fully match fit. The absence of the duo did provide academy graduate Conor Gallagher with a chance to shine, but he struggled and was sent off at the weekend against Leicester City for two bookable offences. His ban matched with injuries has left Tuchel scratching his head and wondering who he can start in the centre of the park against Southampton on Tuesday night. The former Borussia Dortmund hinted that he would welcome the arrival of a new midfielder, when asked whether his midfield has become a ‘headache’ for him. He replied: “It is, and it's normally the area I would love to have a headache about who plays and who is on the bench. This is normally the area where I thought we would have five players that could all play for us and have Carney [Chukwuemeka] on top as an option as a young player. JUST IN: Nicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit as replacement plan at risk "The headache before the season was whether we had too many players there, but it comes to the fifth game, and maybe we only have two left with experience in this position and Kova from the bench He is not ready to play full matches at Premier League level as he only had a week after training after his injury. "It's a strange situation and a situation we don't like. I don't know why we are in this situation, actually. It's like this, and we will have something to think about [over the team selection], or maybe not because it's so obvious who we have left." The comments of Tuchel could lead to the higher powers of Chelsea to press on more vigorously for De Jong, who is currently in London after being granted a few days holiday by Barcelona following their recent La Liga victory. The former Ajax midfielder has been the subject of a season-long transfer saga, with Manchester United keen to solve their midfield woes by acquiring his services. However, the Red Devils have not been able to convince the 25-year-old to sign for them despite striking a deal with Barca – who are somewhat strapped for cash and not against selling the midfielder. Chelsea will be hoping for more luck in their negotiations if they do decide to bid for De Jong, and it could ease the pressure of the summer of 2023 too – when Jorginho and Kante are set to become free agents.