Soap icon Sue Cleaver, managed to drop an impressive three stone over the years due to a complete change in her eating habits. The Coronation Street star, who plays Eileen Grimshaw, slimmed down from a size 16 to a 12. But how did she do it? In February last year, she stunned viewers after she revealed her incredible new figure. And it turns out it was all down to one diet in particular. Sue's weight loss journey began in 2016, after the actress was left unhappy with what she saw on the bathroom scales. So she decided it was time to make a change and shed a few pounds. A source previously told Woman magazine: "Sue was always a self-confessed foodie, who admitted that over-indulgence was her Achilles Heel. Now everything’s changed." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake It was reported at the time that she had switched the Mediterranean diet. It's an eating plan hailed by the likes of Dr Michael Mosley, and is a popular choice for people looking to lose weight. The highlight of the diet plan is that there are technically no strict rules to follow. But it is packed with nutritional foods such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and heart-healthy fats. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] While it suggests followers consume a low intake of red meat, dairy, and foods high in sugar, it doesn't cut them out completely. This has left it a renowned option for people who want to ease themselves into a weight loss journey. The foods are also associated with a variety of benefits and may help support brain function, promote heart health and regulate blood sugar levels. The insider continued to explain: "Sue’s in her mid 50s so it was a no-brainer that cutting down on certain things was what she had to do. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "She’s in this for the long game and wants to live a long, happy and healthy life. "Losing the weight and keeping it off was not only important for Sue, but also the men in her life - her partner and son Elliot." According to Healthline, numerous studies have shown that the Mediterranean diet can promote weight loss and help prevent heart attacks, strokes, type 2 diabetes, and premature death. Sue also suffers from type 2 diabetes, where she revealed that having good control of the condition "is really important". "After all, people with the condition live with it every day, taking care of their diet and physical activity, " she told Diabetes Advice. Foods that should be incorporated in the Mediterranean diet include: Vegetables - tomatoes, broccoli, kale, spinach, onions, cauliflower, carrots, Brussels sprouts, cucumbers, potatoes, sweet potatoes, turnips Fruits - apples, bananas, oranges, pears, strawberries, grapes, dates, figs, melons, peaches Nuts, seeds, and nut butters: almonds, walnuts, macadamia nuts, hazelnuts, cashews, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, almond butter, peanut butter Legumes - beans, peas, lentils, pulses, peanuts, chickpeas Whole grains - oats, brown rice, rye, barley, corn, buckwheat, whole wheat bread and pasta Fish and seafood - salmon, sardines, trout, tuna, mackerel, shrimp, oysters, clams, crab, mussels Poultry - chicken, duck, turkey Eggs - chicken, quail, and duck eggs Dairy - cheese, yogurt, milk Herbs and spices - garlic, basil, mint, rosemary, sage, nutmeg, cinnamon, pepper Healthy fats - extra virgin olive oil, olives, avocados, and avocado oil These processed foods and ingredients should be limited: Added sugar - added sugar is found in many foods but especially high in soda, sweets, ice cream, table sugar, syrup, and baked goods Refined grains - white bread, pasta, tortillas, chips, crackers Trans fats - found in margarine, fried foods, and other processed foods Refined oils - soybean oil, canola oil, cottonseed oil, grapeseed oil Processed meat - processed sausages, hot dogs, deli meats, beef jerky Highly processed foods - fast food, convenience meals, microwave popcorn, granola bars