With the heatwave set to continue this week, experts have warned that there could be a wasp surge across the nation. The UK has experienced the driest July on record, according to the Met Office. Temperatures soaring into the 30s this week and a lack of rainfall are the perfect conditions for wasps to breed. The team at WeThrift have shared three ways to repel wasps using household items. For a more eco-friendly and purse-friendly alternative to insect repellent sprays, the experts shared have shared three items for getting rid of wasps that are likely to already be inside your home. These methods avoid killing wasps but will help repel them from homes across the country. Peppermint oil is known for being a great pest-repellant. The natural insecticide is known to repel mosquitoes, flies, ants, beetles and wasps. READ MORE: Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ It’s thought that bugs, including wasps, dislike peppermint oil due to its “strong scent”. Mix peppermint oil with washing up liquid in a water solution and spray it around the house. This will keep wasps at bay while leaving the house smelling fresh and clean. Peppermint oil can also repel mice and birds as they dislike the scent. DON'T MISSThe quiet town where Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes call home [INSIGHT]‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer buyer brings flat ‘back to life’ for £7k [ANALYSIS] A research study published by the Journal of Pest Management Science found that a combination of these essential oils is effective for repelling wasps. To do this, mix there tree oils together and dab it over any cracks or crevices around the home using a cotton wool ball or pad. For those looking to spray a larger surface, mix the three oils in a spray bottle with some water. Use the spray on areas around the home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Surprisingly, WD40 can be used to wasp-proof areas of the home and can prevent them building nests. Wasps reportedly dislike the strong scent of WD40. Spray WD40 on overhanging areas like roofs and guttering. The rust remover and lubricator can also be put on the shed and garage to keep wasps from setting up a home. Homeowners should also try and deter wasps by taking the necessary precautions around the home.  Cover up food and clean up spillages to prevent wasps being attracted to the home. Wasps also love sweet and sugary drinks, so cleaning up any drink spillages is a great way to prevent. Tightly seal bins as wasps can swam around rubbish bins. Seal any cracks in a home’s exterior to stop wasps entering through small gaps and cracks. If you notice wasps entering through the same spot, take a look for any gaps or cracks in the wall and get them sealed up.