Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry will visit London next month as part of a trip to attend multiple charity events. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend The One Young World Manchester Summit on September 5, where the Duchess of Sussex is a counsellor alongside Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Jamie Oliver, before jetting off to Germany for the Invictus Games Düsseldorf One Year To Go ceremony the next day. They will then return to the UK for the WellChild Awards 2022 in London on September 8. A spokesperson for the couple said Meghan and Harry were “delighted” to announce the surprise trip to the UK and Germany in order to “visit with several charities close to their hearts”. The Sussexes’ return to the UK will mark their first public appearance together in the UK since the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in June. While the couple did keep a low profile during the four-day extravaganza to celebrate the monarch’s 70-year reign, they did attend a couple of public events and get the opportunity to introduce their daughter Lilibet to her great-grandmother and namesake. It is unclear whether the couple will make time to visit the Queen during their next trip. READ MORE: 'Ruthless!' Queen cut ties with former royal staff member over major 'betrayal' It will be only the third time Meghan has returned to the UK in more than two years since the couple quit their royal roles in 2020 and moved to the US. And following the emergence of the news, one royal expert has questioned the reason for their surprise return. Angela Levin, author of ‘Harry: A Biography of a Prince’, noted the “odd time” of the visit, questioning whether it is an “attempt at an alternative Royal Family”. Ms Levin tweeted on Monday: “Harry and Meghan coming to UK for 'charities close to their hearts.' “Will the Queen be in Balmoral, and William in USA for Earthshot? Is this part of an attempt at an alternative Royal Family? “Odd time otherwise before H's 'bombshell' memoir.” The author has previously accused the Sussexes of trying to run an “alternative Royal Family”. Last month, it was reported that Netflix was planning to run its new documentary series about Meghan and Harry at the same time as the new season of The Crown, which is due to return in November. A TV insider told Page Six that Netflix is aiming to get the Duke and Duchess’ docuseries on the platform ahead of schedule. Commenting on the claimed plan on Twitter, Ms Levin said: "More proof that H and M want to run a woke alternate Royal Family that would wipe out the one we have already. “Time to lose their titles and for Harry his Counsellor of State post. Of course with M also as President in the USA." DON'T MISS'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview  [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] Another royal expert Richard Eden also shared his thoughts on the claim, saying: "Gosh! This really would be tacky." Meghan and Harry are understood to be filming an at-home style documentary series with the streaming giant. Camera crews followed them to the Invictus Games back in April and were reportedly spotted during their recent trip to New York City. According to the insider who spoke to Page Six, Netflix wants to release the docuseries early to avoid being “scooped” by Harry’s highly-anticipated memoir, which is expected to be published around the same time. The memoir, which has been written by JR Moehringer, is expected to cover Harry’s childhood and his time in the military. There has also been speculation that the prince may delve into his experience as a royal and the relationship between him and his family. However, the content remains largely under wraps. Originally, it was reported that the book would be released in autumn this year, but it recently emerged that the publication had been delayed and the book is now expected to hit the shelves in time for the festive season.