Chelsea are reportedly hesitant to pay Leicester’s £80m asking price for Wesley Fofana after seeing the criticism faced by Harry Maguire. The Manchester United captain is currently the most expensive centre-back in football history after his move from the Midlands to the northwest but the pressure of the move looks to have affected his performances. It is no secret that Thomas Tuchel is on the lookout for defensive reinforcements having lost Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger for free over the course of the summer. The Blues have sought to redress the issue already, bringing in Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella to provide cover for the backline. However, the German is keen to add another option at the back and Fofana is seen as a long-term option for their defence. He would instantly improve the starting XI already, but at just 21 years old he has huge potential to continue to grow. Leicester are reluctant to lose the centre-half especially given the lack of time to find a suitable replacement and have hence slapped a valuation of £80-85m on the player. This would make the Frenchman the most expensive defender of all time, which given the treatment of Maguire, makes Chelsea hesitant as reported by the Evening Standard. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The west London club have already seen a bid of £70m rejected for the Leicester No 3 and are expected to return with another, however, this is highly likely to fall short of the Foxes asking price again. For his part, Fofana is keen to make the move to the capital but will continue to play for the club unless an exceptional offer comes in for his services. The 21-year-old has made 51 appearances for the Foxes since joining from St Etienne in 2020, however, he missed the vast majority of last season after suffering a broken leg in pre-season. Maguire has suffered a huge amount of abuse since moving from the King Power to Old Trafford in 2019. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join A recent study by Ofcom and the Alan Turing institute found that he was the second most abused footballer in England between August 2021 and January 2022 only behind Cristiano Ronaldo. The England international received 8,954 abusive tweets with Ronaldo ahead with 12,520. The figure for the United skipper was over 6,000 tweets more than those aimed at Marcus Rashford who was the third most abused player. Meanwhile, there appears to be more negotiating to be done if Fofana is to move to Stamford Bridge given the stubborn stances of the parties involved.