German prospect Mick Schumacher has been told to explore his avenues away from Ferrari following reports he's due to be released by the manufacturer at the end of this year. Schumacher, 23, followed in his legendary father's footsteps by joining the Italian team's academy before migrating to sister outfit Haas. Sebastian Vettel — who is due to retire when he leaves Aston Martin at the end of 2022 — has backed his German compatriot for a move to McLaren. Meanwhile, Esteban Ocon has spoken favourably of Schumacher joining him at Alpine in the near future. Former Sauber and Marussia driver Timo Glock, who now races in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters, believes the young Schumacher's fate belongs in F1, however. While his time with Haas may be drawing to a close, it's his belief that swapping Ferrari for a better fit could be just the next step he needs to grow his prospects. “His chances of staying in F1 are still very good,” Glock told Sky Deutschland. “He has shown an upward trend in the past few races. After the knot burst and he scored his first points, he has had a very good run. He got a lot out of his package.” READ MORE Daniel Ricciardo faces F1 headache as Helmut Marko 'eyes duo to replace Pierre Gasly'  He added: “If he can make a leap to a team like Alpine, then that would of course be ideal for him to take the next step." Schumacher sits 15th in the F1 driver standings after placing 17th in Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix. While the youngster has had something of a reputation for recklessness in the past, it's true Schumacher has shown steadier signs this season. He recorded back-to-back top-10 finishes in England and Austria earlier this season, which is something the likes of Zhou Guanyu, Alexander Albon and Nicholas Latifi have not managed thus far in 2022. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton sends Fernando Alonso cheeky gift in fresh message after row Christian Horner taunts Toto Wolff after Max Verstappen masterclass at Belgian Grand Prix Martin Brundle picks sides in Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso feud after Belgian GP row   At the time of his introduction into the Ferrari family in early 2019, team principal Mattia Binotto assured his promotion was down to talent, and not just his family connections. Schumacher's famous father, Michael, won five consecutive world championships for the Italian manufacturer between 2000 and 2004. "For someone like me who has known him from birth, there's no doubt that welcoming Mick into Ferrari has a special emotional meaning," said Binotto. "But we have chosen him for his talent and the human and professional qualities that have already distinguished him despite his young age."