Yesterday it was reported that a dossier aimed at putting a stop to Nicola Sturgeon’s attempts to hold a new Scottish independence referendum has been submitted to the Supreme Court. And now, their independence bid has been slammed further, with Spiked writer Ewan Gurr blasting their “rampant Europhilia”. He added: "There is one gaping hole in the SNP’s independence prospectus – it wants an independent Scotland to join the EU.   "This is a problem for the independence campaign. Not only would this present a barrier to true independence, it would also anger a substantial though largely ignored section of the pro-independence electorate. "Eurosceptic nationalists are especially turned off by the SNP’s Europhilia and its woke posturing." Jim Spence, a BBC Sport broadcaster and former SNP member and candidate, reportedly told Ewan: "[The SNP] wants independence within the EU and that’s fine. That’s its prerogative. I happen to believe that is not independence. Bluntly, I’d remain within the UK before I’d do that." The SNP has made it clear in the past that they want to remain in the EU.  Nicola Sturgeon previously told how an EU membership is the "future vision" for an independent Scotland. She wrote for The Parliament last year: "For nearly 50 years Scotland was part of the EU until the UK left on January 31 last year. "That was not something that Scotland voted for. "In the Brexit referendum in 2016, there was an overwhelming majority for 'remain' and every local authority area in the country voted to stay in the EU."  READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Zelensky's Special Forces break silence on Crimea blast Last month, the Scottish government published its case, stating the referendum is "advisory" and would have no legal effect on the union. A spokeswoman for the UK government said: "People across Scotland want both their governments to be working together on the issues that matter to them and their families, not talking about another independence referendum. "We have today submitted our written case to the Supreme Court, in accordance with its timetable. "On the question of legislative competence, the UK government's clear view remains that a Bill legislating for a referendum on independence would be outside the legislative competence of the Scottish parliament."  DON'T MISS:Bond Street station evacuated: Emergency crew rush to train [PICTURES]Mum-of-eight dies at 47 after spending years indoors [INSIGHT]Grandad, 76, 'turned away from Liverpool bar for being too old' [COMMENT] In the submission last month, the Scottish government said any referendum would not be "self-executing", meaning it would be advisory and only used as a way to discover the views of the Scottish people. The SNP have also attempted to intervene, arguing that it would be "fair, just and reasonable" for the party to make arguments to the court. The 15-page submission was presented by lawyers Claire Mitchell QC and David Welsh. 