The UK's first two hosepipe bans of 2022 highlight a desperate situation for the country, as reservoir levels are running at their lowest in years. Southern Water became the first company to impose restrictions from August 5, requiring people to refrain from using unnecessary supplies for the foreseeable future. South East Water imposed restrictions today, and the Environment Agency warning may see them extended to other British regions. The National Drought Group, composed of "senior decision makers" from the Environment Agency (EA), have officially moved eight UK regions into drought status. Agency officials said parts of the east of England, southeast, southwest, southern and central England all crossed the "drought trigger threshold". The group's announcement means that nearly two-thirds of the regions they administer are running precariously low on water. READ MORE: ‘Surprisingly hardy’ crops to grow in drought - including tomatoes The areas now in official drought include: Each area now in drought has experienced diminished rainfall, river flows, groundwater levels, reservoir levels and excessive soil dryness. These changes have mounted pressure on public water supply, farmers and the environment, the EA added. Harvey Bradshaw, the EA executive director for the environment and chair of the drought group, said "high temperatures" have exacerbated pressures on wildlife and our water environment. The EA has outlined the actions it and the Government will take to manage water levels and what it may ask of the general public. What rules do people need to follow during a drought? Drought status does not "automatically trigger actions" and primarily means that UK water regulators take the first steps to conserve water. For the EA, this means managing availability for businesses and farmers while going over drought plans with water firms. Those drought plans may eventually force Britons to abide by restrictions commonly included in hosepipe bans, but when they begin and what they require will depend on individual companies. Hosepipe bans, known officially as temporary use bans (TUBs), commonly ask Britons not to: