Manchester United hero Javier Hernandez has offered to return to Old Trafford and play for free. The 34-year-old, who plays for LA Galaxy these days, previously had a successful stint at the club. However, he’s not believed to be under consideration at the current moment in time. Manchester United signed Hernandez back in the summer of 2010, shortly after missing out on the Premier League title to Chelsea. And the Mexico international was a big hit, netting 59 goals from 157 appearances while playing under the likes of Sir Alex Ferguson, David Moyes and Louis van Gaal. Hernandez has offered to return to United at a time where they need a new forward, saying: “Man, I mean, there are these situations and I know the narratives because of my age and my past. “If United came for me then I’d say ‘yes, I’ll play for free.’ Of course, you know, I’d do that. “But I also want to be very respectful to my club. I am playing very consistently and in my mind and my world, my conviction is all about winning a championship with LA Galaxy.” So with a move for Hernandez unlikely, and far-fetched, Express Sport will now take a look at four players they’d be wise to re-sign instead. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything United need a versatile forward. And Wilfried Zaha would certainly offer them options, with the Crystal Palace star long a consistent performer in the Premier League. Zaha was Sir Alex Ferguson’s last signing but was never given a chance, with Moyes failing to take to the Ivory Coast international. He previously confessed to being miserable during his stint with United, accusing the club of not doing enough to help him settle in. But the Red Devils may be able to lure him back if they offer him a starring role and vow to learn from the mistakes of the past. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already In the summer transfer window of 2015, United decided to fork out on Memphis Depay believing he was the heir to Cristiano Ronaldo’s throne. Alas, things didn’t work out that way. Depay toiled under both Van Gaal and Jose Mourinho and was offloaded just 18 months into his spell at Old Trafford. He has, however, since rebuilt his career at both Lyon and Barcelona. It has been a remarkable turnaround and Depay is actually available this summer, with Barcelona open to cutting him loose as they look to balance their finances. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. There came a time where Adnan Januzaj was tipped for greatness at United. The Belgium international was one of the only shining lights of the Moyes era, with the Scot lasting just 10 months in the dugout. Januzaj is now a free agent after his Real Sociedad contract expired. And he’s previously refused to rule out a potential move back to Old Trafford. In 2021, when quizzed about a possibility, he said: "Football is football, anything can happen. “I’m in the best moment of my career, I'm enjoying my football here, and then whatever will come for me, we will see.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Rio Ferdinand said over the weekend that United should have re-signed Danny Welbeck this summer. He said: “Danny Welbeck would have started today for Man United. “Welbeck walked out of that tunnel and you could see, shoulders back, chest out, thinking, ‘I’m going to terrorise these two’. That’s how he played. “He looked like prime-time Danny Welbeck against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu 10 years ago. “He was a free in the summer because he didn’t have a contract. I’d have took him. On today’s performance, no doubt.” So why not? United, even with their current issues, are a bigger side than Brighton and Welbeck has ties to the club, having come through the academy. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here