On one re-watch, a fan spotted an unusual Brianna Fraser (played by Sophie Skelton) continuity error. However, when they pointed out the plot hole, Outlander fans were divided over whether or not it was an error or simply part of the series. Outlander follows highlander Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and his time-travelling wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) through the 18th century. After being separated for 20 years, Claire travelled back in time to reunite with her husband and she was shortly followed by their daughter Brianna. She heads through the stones at Craig Na Dun in season four, which is where one fan spotted a continuity error. Reddit user robinson2020 posted: “This is not me complaining, like so many others do when they spot an error. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected “I think these sorts of things are just funny and I like to keep an eye out for them for a laugh. Don't know if it's ever been pointed out before, probably has. “Title card shows Brianna making a PB+J sandwich, and cutting it in half, in preparation for her journey. Later when she eats it, it's whole again.” They then asked: “What other funny errors have you seen?” Fans of the Starz series were quick to respond with some believing it wasn’t an error. “I don't think the title cards are intended to be part of the show,” penelopepig posted. “They're just little hints at the episode, often referencing stuff from the books.” Roinson2020 replied: “That's the case some of the time, not all. In this instance, we can see Brianna wearing the same clothes and bracelet that she wears in the episode. “I think in this instance, it's implied it's supposed to be the same sandwich. But obviously not 100% sure.” DON'T MISS...Outlander explained: Why did Black Jack really torture Jamie? [INSIGHT]Outlander theory: Jamie’s ghost ‘solved’ by Craigh Na Dun clue [THEORY]Outlander's Sam Heughan on change to Jamie Fraser [INTERVIEW] Emmagrace2000 waded into the argument, penning: “There’s a scene later in the series (I’ll be vague) that shows Claire in a place she never was. “I tend to agree with penelopepig that the title cards are meant to be suggestions of what happens in the episodes, not actual scenes.” Meanwhile, AnnLoves2Cook shared their own continuity error, posting: “Over the years I've caught quite a few scenes where the earrings on ladies do not match on both sides, or are missing in some shots. “I noticed this with Claire one time, I just can't remember the season or episode in which it happened. “In one scene she has no earrings on, but in the next scene she has big black dangling earrings. I specifically remember this because I had to wonder where those big dang earrings came from! “She didn't bring them with her and basically had nothing but the clothes on her back, and it was never mentioned where they came from.” While fans wait for new episodes of Outlander, it was recently confirmed a spin-off series focussing on Jamie’s parents is in the works. Blood of My Blood will focus on Brian and Ellen Fraser, who eloped in 1715 during the Great Gathering. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz and StarzPlay.