The new series of Strictly Come Dancing is fast approaching with fans eager for the BBC competition to begin. Former professional dancer Janette Manrara and Rylan Clark have been announced as the returning hosts of It Takes Two, bringing fans behind-the-scenes gossip from the main show. The popular spin-off show will see Janette and Rylan dive behind the scenes of Strictly Come Dancing as they touch on all the backstage gossip and training room titbits.It Takes Two will be back on TV screens from Monday, September 26 and will be available on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer.The two co-hosts will also be having exclusive interviews with this year’s contestants and professional dancers, judges and behind-the-scenes team.Throughout the new series, Janette and Rylan will also chat with a range of different celebrities who will feature as guest panellists. Rylan has been the face of the spin-off since 2019 and was joined by Janette in 2021 after she decided to leave the main show as a dancer.In the past, viewers have seen both Claudia Winkleman and Zoe Ball front It Takes Two.Ahead of the show airing at the end of next month, Rylan admitted he could not wait to get started.He said: “I’m so excited to be back at Strictly – It Takes Two for my fourth year.  I absolutely love being part of the show. “I’m so thrilled that my television wife Janette is joining me for the ride and we can’t wait to bring you all the backstage gossip from this year’s Strictly extravaganza. We can’t wait to start.”Janette has been part of the Strictly family since 2013 when she made her debut on the show with fashion designer Julien Macdonald.Although in 2021 she decided to leave Strictly as a professional dancer to start a family with her husband and dancing star Aljaž Škorjanec. However, the 38-year-old remains part of the Strictly bubble having joined Rylan on It Takes Two last year. Speaking about returning for the new series, Janette said: “I am so thrilled to be back hosting It Takes Two alongside the amazing Rylan!“I’m very excited to bring the audience more great conversations with our couples, a lot of fun weeknight television entertainment. “And, of course, to celebrate my favourite show on TV, Strictly!” Janette’s husband Aljaž revealed earlier on in the year that he would not be coming back to the BBC show after a long nine-year run. He told his Instagram fans he made the “tough decision” that 2021 would be his last series competing on Strictly Come Dancing. Also absent from the professional dancer line-up is former two-time champion, Oti Mabuse. Oti revealed in an interview with You magazine she decided to leave while she was at her peak, before she was no longer happy. Strictly: It Takes Two returns on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer on Monday, September 26. Strictly Come Dancing returns on Saturday, September 17, on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.