Married At First Sight UK returns for a new series on E4 on Monday as a brand new batch of singletons prepare to walk down the aisle. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press relationship expert Charlene Douglas opened up on what viewers can expect as the cast navigate their new relationships with plenty of drama. Each participant will walk down the aisle and meet their new bride or husband on the day of their wedding. The couples will then embark on a journey to make their marriage work with the help of three relationship experts. Mel Schilling, Paul C Bronson and Charlene Douglas will all be sharing their advice with the couples. However, sex and intimacy expert Charlene admitted the couples don’t always want her help. Read more: Married at First Sight UK 2022: Who is in the cast of MAFS UK? She revealed: “There are definitely some couples where as soon as they saw each other the sparks were flying. “They didn't want me to get involved or need help with intimacy at all. “And, of course, there were those where the spark wasn’t there initially. “We held out hope that would come. Sometimes it did and sometimes it didn’t.” Charlene teased that the journey wasn’t plain sailing at first for some couples. The last season of the reality show was a huge hit with UK viewers. Charlene explained why she thinks E4 fans connected with the series. “For me, it’s seeing people fall in love,” she shared. “I’m curious about sex obviously. DON'T MISSMarried at First Sight’s Jessika Power dropped from new show [INSIGHT]MAFS UK 2021 reunion: All we know so far about MAFS One Year On [INSIGHT]Married At First Sight season 15 couples: Meet the San Diego couples [INSIGHT] “It’s really lovely to see their journey, their development and I’m always quite curious about the world of sex so I will always keep coming back.” In the last series, viewers watched as Daniel Mckee and Matt Jameson got married. This year, the upcoming UK series will include two same-sex couples in a show first. For the first time in the history of MAFS, there will be a lesbian couple and a gay couple. In the first episode, viewers will be introduced to 16 hopeful singles. Before the participants walk down the aisle, they’ll get to know each other at their respective stag and hen parties. Will tensions flare as the singletons open up on why they’ve decided to be a part of the experiment? Married At First Sight UK begins on E4 on Monday at 9pm.