House prices have been smashing records since the start of the year and while demand is still high, there’s no real sign of a dip any time soon. However, there are some cities in the UK where houses are selling much quicker than others - and by quite a margin. Here are the places houses are selling fastest, as well as the slowest, so you know where to be investing. Scott Evans, owner of Pink Storage told Express.co.uk: "With the cost of living crisis affecting all of us, it's now more important than ever to be extra careful with any money that we spend. “Knowing which postcodes in the UK sell quicker than others could give others vital information on whether a property could be worth investing in or not. "Buying a house in the wrong postcode area could mean that you are stuck with a property for four years rather than 11 days, which is something that could put a lot of financial strain on a person in these uncertain times." He added: "Purchasing a property in the same town but 11 miles apart could mean the difference of holding on to a property for an additional 1,507 days." After analysing 405 different UK postcodes on Rightmove in 23 of the UK's biggest cities by population size, Pink Storage experts determined the best areas to invest in today.  READ MORE: Housing price forecast 2022: What to expect over the next six months  According to Pink Storage’s analysis, Bristol is currently the best place in the UK to sell a home quickly, with properties taking an average of 105 days to sell since being listed. Mr Evans said: “Bristol's BS34 postcode was the quickest selling postcode in the area where houses would sell around 29 days after being listed on the popular property website.” In the last year, the average sale price in this region comes in at £301,792, with prices seeing a four percent increase from the previous year. The second best place to sell a property was found to be Leeds, with houses selling approximately 110 days after being listed. Mr Evans said: “Leeds LS16 postcode was one of the quickest selling postcodes where houses would sell 30 days after listing for an average cost of £361,057.”  Coventry and Cardiff have been found to be the third and fourth best places in the UK for those looking to renovate and flip a house quickly. Mr Evans said: “Houses in Coventry would sell 124 days after listing, whereas houses in Cardiff would take a day more at 125 days per sale.” Coventry's CV6 and Cardiff's CF14 postcodes were areas that sold the quickest in those regions, coming in at 76 days and 74 days respectively. Ranking fifth is Portsmouth, with houses selling approximately 130 days after being listed. Although surprisingly, the fastest-selling postcode overall isn’t in one of the fastest-selling cities. Mr Evans said: “Looking at cities as a whole can give you an idea of the average time it takes to sell a home there, however, looking at the postcodes within an area can tell you a different story.  DON'T MISS: House prices: 3 ‘most affordable’ regions threatened by soaring prices [ANALYSIS]Dame Julie Walters’ quiet life in picturesque West Sussex village [INSIGHT]House prices: What does current housing market mean for you? [EXPLAINED]    “While Sheffield, Liverpool and Birmingham don't make the top five places to sell your home quickly, certain areas of those cities dominated the quickest postcodes for house sales.” According to Pink Storage’s analysis, Sheffield's S11 postcode was the fastest selling overall, with houses selling within 11 days of being listed. Mr Evans said: “The majority of houses sold in the last year in this region were terraced houses which sold for around £317,306. Detached properties in the area sold at close to double the amount at £600,567.” Houses located in Liverpool's L11, L26 and L14 postcodes sold very quickly at 14,15 and 23 days respectively. The slowest cities to sell a home, according to Pink Storage, are Newcastle, London and Liverpool respectively. Research showed it took property owners in Newcastle 283 days to sell, while homeowners in London and Liverpool were still waiting on the market for an average of 429 and 475 days respectively. Within these cities, different postcodes took longer than others to shift - some even as long as four years. Mr Evans said: “Newcastle's NE1 postcode was the slowest selling postcode in the area where houses took 761 days to sell.” “The majority of houses sold in this area in the last year were flats, these flats sold for £154,933.” House prices in the area are currently down three percent from the previous year.  Mr Evans said: “London's W1 postcode with an average listing to sale time of 1,521 days was the area's slowest-selling postcode. “With homes in the W1 postcode costing over £2.5million, it could be the reason why these homes would take longer to sell, especially in these difficult times.” Rightmove data suggests house prices in the area are down 11 percent from this time last year. Mr Evans said: “Liverpool L38 postcode matched London's W1 postcode for the slowest selling postcodes in the study with an average sale time of 1521 days.” However, unlike London's multimillion-pound price range, houses in the L38 area of Liverpool cost £331,101 on average and flats in the area sold for £152,500. 