It's so hot this weekend that we recommend staying inside, grabbing a cold one and playing through some video games. And fortunately for you, there are currently a ton of free video games available to download and play on platforms such as PS5, PlayStation 4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One and PC. This includes a brand new Battle Royale brawler, not to mention an epic action-RPG and even an open-world GTA clone. First up there's the release of Rumbleverse, which is available as a free download on PS5 PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One and PC. Featuring melee combat, unlockable items and various upgrades, the Battle Royale game drops 40 players into a colourful city setting. "Rumbleverse is an all-new, free-to-play, 40-person Brawler Royale where anyone can be a champion. You play as your own unique citizen of Grapital City, as you battle your way to victory!" reads the official description. "Customise your fighter by mixing and matching hundreds of unique items, and stand out from the crowd. "Get launched from a cannon, drop into the streets, and prepare to throw down! Where you land is up to you, but beware - there's chaos around every corner and on top of the tallest skyscraper! "Leap from rooftop to rooftop and smash open crates looking for weapons and upgrades. Each round is a new opportunity to discover new moves and perks that'll give you the edge in your quest for glory." While Rumbleverse is free-to-play, fans can purchase in-game currency, which can be used to buy customisation items, such as skins. Even more free games are available on Xbox, as Microsoft holds another Free Play Days weekend. As part of Free Play Days, Xbox Gold subscribers can download and play Saints Row Third: Remastered, Eiyuden Chronicle Rising and Space Crew Legendary Edition. Now is the perfect time to try Saints Row: The Third Remastered, especially with the Saints Row reboot launching later this month. The same is true of Eiyuden Chronicle Rising, which serves as a prequel to upcoming release of Eiyuden Chronicle Hundred Heroes in 2023. Finally, there's more good news for PC owners, as Cook, Serve, Delicious! 3?! becomes the latest game to be given away for free on the Epic Games Store. "Set in the radically-changed war-torn America of 2042, play through an all new story-driven campaign where you cook hundreds of foods - including many brand new to the series - across hundreds of levels in a new gameplay structure that has been completely redesigned to deliver fast-paced action, or take it easy with the all new Chill Mode that can be toggled on or off at any time!" Cook, Serve, Delicious! 3?! will be available for free until 4pm BST UK time on August 18.