More than 30,000 votes were cast to crown one park as the UK's Favourite Park 2022, with 364 green spaces nominated. The overall winner was Penrhos Coastal Park, Holyhead, Isle of Anglesey, Wales. The stunning nature reserve is situated along the Welsh coastline, home to an array of flora and fauna. Badgers, bats, bees, foxes, birds, butterflies, newts and red squirrels populate the fabulous park. Parts of the woodland were created as early as the 1700s, with 15,000 broad leaved trees. READ MORE: The friendliest country in Europe is perfect for British expats  According to the official website, the park is currently under threat of becoming leisure facilities. The overall England winner was Stanley Park, Blackpool, Lancashire, a Grade II listed park opened in 1926. It stretches across a vast 390 acres and boasts a bandstand, boating lake - complete with pedalo boats -, Italian garden, children's play area and sporting facilities. For any peckish visitors, the Art Deco Café offers gorgeous views of the space. The Scotland winner is Aberdeen's Seaton Park, on the banks of the River Don. It is home to Mr Therm, a former steam engine used to transport coal from Aberdeen harbour. Mr Therm now serves as a play sculpture for young visitors to the park. The park is also steeped in history and is the home to Wallace Tower, the motte and a mound dating back as far as the Bronze Age. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how passengers are used for key task on board  Not to mention, an array of beautifully arranged flower beds makes it the perfect park for a stroll. In Northern Ireland, the winning park was Craigavon City Park in County Armagh. This includes two lakes, walking and cycling paths, picnic areas, BBQ facilities, a children's play area and a farm. Visitors can take a peek at the Irish Moiled Cattle, Dexter Cattle, Galway Sheep, Saddleback Pigs and a wide range of Poultry. East of England Local Favourites Castle Park, Colchester, Essex Christchurch Park, Ipswich, Suffolk Ferry Meadows in Nene Park, Peterborough, Cambridgeshire Highwoods Country Park, Colchester, Essex Lake Meadows Park, Basildon, Essex Priory Park, Southend-on-Sea, Essex Wickford Memorial Park, Basildon, Essex Wigmore Valley Park, Luton, Bedfordshire East Midlands Local Favourites Abington Park, Northampton, Northamptonshire Barnwell Country Park, Oundle, Northamptonshire Bradgate Park, Charnwood, Leicestershire Hartsholme Park, Lincoln, Lincolnshire Shipley Country Park, Heanor, Derbyshire London Local Favourites Danson Park, Welling, Bexley Lesnes Abbey Woods, Abbey Wood, Bexley Myatt's Fields Park, Lambeth Oliver Tambo Recreation Ground, Haringey Victoria Park, Tower Hamlets West Ham Park, Newham North East Local Favourites Richardson Dees Park, Wallsend, North Tyneside Ropner Park, Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham North West Local Favourites Botanic Gardens, Southport, Merseyside Bramhall Park, Stockport, Greater Manchester Burrs Country Park, Bury, Greater Manchester Court Hey Park, Huyton, Merseyside Derby Park, Bootle, Merseyside Didsbury Park, Didsbury, Greater Manchester Light Oaks Park, Salford, Greater Manchester Marple Memorial Park, Marple, Greater Manchester Peel Park, Salford, Greater Manchester Rimrose Valley Country Park, Crosby, Merseyside Sefton Park, Liverpool, Merseyside Victoria Park, Stretford, Greater Manchester Walton Hall Park, Liverpool, Merseyside Worden Park, Leyland, Lancashire Scotland Local Favourites Aden Country Park, Mintlaw, Aberdeenshire Pittencrieff Park, Dunfermline, Fife Starbank Park, Edinburgh Wilton Lodge Park, Hawick, Scottish Borders Zetland Park, Grangemouth, Falkirk South East Local Favourites Hampden Park, Eastbourne, East Sussex Horsham Park, Horsham, West Sussex Howe Park Wood, Tattenhoe, Buckinghamshire Nork Park, Banstead, Surrey Riverside Park, Southampton, Hampshire Staines Park, Staines-on-Thames, Surrey Swanley Park, Sevenoaks, Kent Ventnor Park, Isle of Wight Willen Lake, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire South West Local Favourites Alice Park, Bath, Somerset Castlefields Park, Calne, Wiltshire Heavitree Pleasure Ground, Exeter, Devon Thanckes Park, Torpoint, Cornwall Upton Country Park, Poole, Dorset Wales Local Favourites Pembrey Country Park, Burry Port, Carmarthenshire Pontypool Park, Torfaen, Gwent West Midlands Local Favourites Burton Dassett Hills Country Park, Warwickshire Cae Glas Park, Oswestry, Shropshire Hartshill Hayes Country Park, Warwickshire Jephson Gardens, Royal Leamington Spa, Warwickshire Kingsbury Water Park, Warwickshire Ryton Pools Country Park, Warwickshire Sutton Park, Sutton Coldfield Telford Town Park, Telford, Shropshire Victoria Park, Stafford, Staffordshire Yorkshire and the Humber Local Favourites Beaumont Park, Huddersfield, West Yorkshire Graves Park, Sheffield, South Yorkshire Parkinson's Park, Guiseley, West Yorkshire Roundhay Park, Leeds, West Yorkshire Rowntree Park, York.