Guillermo Carmona, who serves as the Secretary of Malvinas, Antarctica and South Atlantic, a special post in the Argentine Foreign Ministry, spoke during a presentation of commemorative coins for the 40th anniversary of the Malvinas War, in Río Gallegos. Carmona spoke on the dispute between his country and Britain saying that "Argentina will recover full sovereignty" over the islands, thanks to the "persistence" of the people, who will confront the "British resistance", Buenos Aires’ Grupo La Provincia reported. He noted: "We are going to recover, I have no doubt, the full exercise of sovereignty over that part of the national territory that has been usurped. “And to achieve this, we need the persistence that our former combatants have given us as an example." And added: "In the face of British resistance and reluctance, we need Argentine persistence. “The pride in what we represent as a people who fight for what is ours, who seek to recover it through international law". Argentina and Britain fought a short conflict in 1982 over sovereignty of the Falkland Islands in the south Atlantic, known in Argentina as the Malvinas. It began in April 1982 when Argentine troops landed on the British-controlled islands, and Britain sent a naval task force to retake them. Argentina surrendered two months later. READ MORE: Argentina warns it will 'never renounce' Falklands claim And the Secretary continued: "In the midst of so many emotions, I leave with the conviction, from this place where Malvinas feels very special, that we will achieve the goal we work for every day, the recovery of the full exercise of sovereignty in Malvinas". "There is no recognition or gratitude that is sufficient to value what the war veterans who participated in the South Atlantic conflict and their families did". "In each of these acts we recognise and vindicate our national sovereignty over the Malvinas, Georgias and South Sandwich Islands and the corresponding maritime and insular areas. "The best way to honour those fallen is to follow the example of persistence they had in these 40 years, going through difficult circumstances". DON'T MISS Nancy Pelosi touches down in Taiwan as China tensions boilCharles and Camilla's poignant Falklands tributePrince Charles in ship shape as charity is cleared