The most popular roles for dogs on the big day were ring bearer (50 percent), flower girl (17 percent), and page boy (13 percent). And just shy of one in ten grooms (nine percent) would even have their dog as their Best Man. It also emerged couples would be prepared to spend an average of £64.21 to get their pooches ready for the nuptials. Xavier Flamand, of Amazon Handmade, which commissioned the research as part of the launch of its new wedding store, said: “This research reflects the growing trend of newlyweds wanting to involve pets in their big day. “Whether it’s to walk them down the aisle or to be a ringbearer, there are unique items for brides, grooms, the bridal party, guests – and now for furry friends, too.” The study also found three-quarters of those polled (76 percent) believe guests would react positively to having dogs involved at a wedding. A whopping 93 percent feel that because a dog is part of the family, they should be involved at the wedding. And 70 percent would ask if a venue was dog-friendly when scoping out possible locations for the big day. It seems dogs wouldn’t be going hungry after the ceremony either, as more than two-thirds (68 percent) would get a special dish cooked up for their pet to enjoy at the wedding breakfast – the first meal enjoyed by the couple and guests after tying the knot. Alexandra Moston, who had her labrador Hugo by her side on her special day last year, said: “Hugo is such an important part of the family, so it was only natural for us to make sure he was a part of our day. “We wanted Hugo’s presence as “Best Dog” and ring bearer to be a surprise for all our guests, so we only told the best men and vicar. “We got the Best Man to pretend he had forgotten the rings – but then Hugo came bounding down the aisle. “It was an amazing moment to be able to have him there and make everyone smile. “He joined us for some pictures that afternoon – it was definitely the most dressed-up walk we’ve done. “He also treated our guests to some dog biscuits for their four-legged friends to take home.” When deciding what their dog will wear for the special occasion, a special collar with a ring box on it (46 percent) was the most popular choice, according to the study carried out via OnePoll. This was closely followed by a custom suit (42 percent), bow tie (39 percent), floral collar (26 percent), and a custom dress (21 percent), as other possible outfit options. Celebrity wedding planner Mark Niemierko, who has helped style weddings for the likes of James Corden and Rochelle Humes, said: “I hired corgis for a wedding recently and it was a brilliant addition. “It really calmed guests down, and I’ll definitely be doing it again.” TOP 10 DOG WEDDING OUTFITS – AS VOTED BY OWNERS: