Last week, Omid Scobie, the co-author of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s unofficial biography revealed there was a sequel in the pipeline. ‘Finding Freedom’, co-written with journalist Carolyn Durand, was published in 2020. Mr Scobie said he was “so excited” to “finally share” the news of the follow-up to the bestselling biography, which is expected to be released next year. The official title of the sequel has not been made public. He tweeted: "I can finally share that I'm working on a BRAND NEW BOOK!! "So excited to be working again with Carrie Thornton at @deystreet @harpercollins (US) and MsLisaMilton at @hqstories." HarperCollins, publishing the book in the UK, said it “will have the world talking” with its “exclusive revelations”. The publisher added that it will look at a “new chapter of the royal story and feature unique insight, deep access and exclusive revelations”. Professor Pauline MacLaran of Royal Holloway, University of London, described the announcement of the new book as “sabre rattling”, likely to have some input from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Mr Scobie has not clarified whether the Duke and Duchess will have active input, but it has emerged that Meghan gave the green light for a senior aide to speak to Mr Scobie as part of the 'Finding Freedom' research. READ MORE: Real reason Queen silent on Meghan Markle's birthday Professor MacLaran, a Royal Family branding expert, added it was "only to be expected" that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would want to retaliate in some form to the newly-published 'Revenge': Meghan, Harry, and the War between the Windsors'. The book, penned by royal author Tom Bower, hit the shelves last month. The co-author of 'Royal Fever' told Express.co.uk: “I think Omid Scobie’s new sequel announcement sounds like sabre-rattling and the promise of more “he said, she said” to come. “It’s only to be expected that Harry and Meghan will have some way of defending themselves against the many inferences of Tom Bower’s 'Revenge'. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Actual proof' Meghan faces court against sister [LIVE] Royal POLL: Is Prince Harry having ‘second thoughts’ on memoir? [VOTE] Kate and Prince William 'modelling Cambridge family' on Middletons [ANALYSIS] "Although we don’t know that they will be directly authorising Omid’s future work, we can surmise they may intend to play a tacit role in supporting it.” 'Revenge' had been billed as the publication Meghan would have been "dreading" by a source speaking to the Sun. They added: "Tom doesn't pull his punches and is terrifyingly thorough in his research. No stone will be left unturned. "Tom has previously worked with some of his subjects, and even spent time trailing them, but it has been made perfectly clear to him that this will not be an option with Meghan." Bower has claimed that the Duchess of Sussex "did everything she could" to stop those in her life speaking to the biographer for his research. He added: "It was foolish of her to ignore me, because they would probably be happier with the book if they could tell their story." The book's claims have attracted a storm of media attention, although Bower admitted he stuck to interviewees not on good terms with the Duchess. The book was already released ahead of Prince Harry's tell-all memoirs, which are "tentatively" reaching the public this autumn.