Like millions of others, I cannot wait seven years, and who is to say it might not take longer? And I will never forgive Sunak for reneging on the state pension triple lock.  He bangs on about bringing inflation under control first but does not say how he will achieve it. If high inflation is sparked by world events – rocketing fuel prices and the war in Ukraine etc – he cannot resolve these. Just like Winston Churchill said, Liz Truss promises “action this day”. My trust is in her. Liz Truss certainly has her work cut out if she becomes PM, says Roy Daniels from Luton, Bedfordshire. She must resist the oil moguls and cut VAT and green levies, stand up to Europe over the NI protocol and Rwanda and to Putin over Ukraine. Then make us food and energy independent, with farming subsidies and by exploiting shale gas and North Sea reserves. Do that and she will really be the next Maggie.   I recently criticised Liz Truss, saying her lack of connection with voters could cost her... but I have changed my mind, says Brian Sugar from Ilfrod, Essex. I would now back her to be PM as she has more radical policies than Rishi Sunak. However she must start meeting the public to convince them she understands their issues. It will be a challenge to beat Keir Starmer as he has dropped many Left-wing policies and is dragging Labour to the centre ground. I have no desire for a protracted correspondence but would like to say that in stating that our women’s team had no chance, I thought others such as Germany, France and Spain would be better than us. It turned out they were not, says Terry Emery from Cranleigh, Surrey. So as an English supporter, while I am glad our team won, one swallow does not make a summer. They were just the best of a bad bunch and muddled through.   Your correspondent says there is minimal cost to the NHS from missed appointments. I disagree, says Dr Peter Outen (retired) from Brentwood, Essex. I was awaiting an appointment for a procedure when I had a call asking if I was planning to keep my appointment the following morning – a Sunday. It was the first I had heard of it and the caller said all the patients she’d contacted had said the same. I entered an empty waiting room with four reception staff, no doubt on double time. As a GP, many patients tell me about letters saying they had missed appointments they were unaware of, and that they would now need a new referral. Forget £10 fines for patients, we need £1,000 fines for managers. 