Arsenal are set to scour the market for midfield options before the close of the summer transfer window. The Gunners are hopeful of being active before the 11pm deadline on Thursday. Arsenal were set to prioritise the signing of a winger as their final incoming. Wolves star Pedro Neto is a top target, though his price tag makes that deal extremely unlikely. But injuries to both Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey could change Arsenal's approach to the remaining days in the window. Elneny is set to be out for a sustained period of time with a hamstring problem, while Partey is struggling with a thigh issue. Arsenal are yet to recruit an out-and-out midfielder this summer. Express Sport looks at four different options available to the north London club. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical  Leicester star Tielemans is the obvious candidate. He has been linked with a move to the Emirates throughout the whole of 2022 so far. Tielemans may not be the most natural defensive midfielder but would provide much-needed depth in the middle of the park. A deal could be relatively cheap to complete as he has entered the final year of his contract at the King Power Stadium. Neves was linked with Arsenal in January as well as earlier in the summer window. The Portugal star has had a fine start to the season at Wolves, which will only have bumped his asking price up. However, he has less than two years remaining on his contract at Molineux. Whether Wolves could be tempted with a late offer remains to be seen. DON'T MISSMan Utd are hoping swap deal can solve an 11-year problem for Ten HagArsenal may have another Saliba already after Edu nailed negotiationsBarcelona star Depay ‘evaluating Man Utd offer’ in dramatic twist  Arsenal were rumoured to be keen on AC Milan star Tonali earlier this summer. Reports claimed discussions had been held over signing the Italian. Tonali shut down any talk of him leaving by stating he wants to stay at Milan earlier this month. It would take a big offer for Milan to consider his sale just over 12 months after his arrival. Grillitsch emerged as a potential summer target before the end of last season. The Austrian has since left Hoffenheim and is currently a free agent. The 27-year-old would be a cheap option as he is available for nothing. He can also play in defence if need be.  Arsenal's Brazilian contingent has already been boosted by the arrivals of Gabriel Jesus and Marquinhos this summer. Douglas Luiz would complete a rather tasty-looking five-a-side team. The Aston Villa star was attracting interest from Arsenal earlier in the year. He is in the last year of his contract, though Steven Gerrard will be hoping he puts pen to paper on an extension.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here