Leeds do not have any plans to sell forward Dan James amid shock reported interest from Antonio Conte's Tottenham. The Whites landed the Wales international star from Manchester United in August 2021 in a deal worth up to £25million and since then, he has become a fan favourite at Elland Road. The 24-year-old hit four goals in 32 Premier League outings last season to help the Whites to safety following the sacking of Marcelo Bielsa. Now James is looking to take his game to a new level under Jesse Marsch following Leeds' barnstorming start to the 2022/23 Premier League season. According to The Mail, Spurs have shown surprise interest in a left-field swoop for James but journalist Peter O'Rouke claims Leeds have no intention to sell. Tottenham are looking for another wide man to replace Spanish talent Bryan Gil, who is now expected to seal a season-long loan switch to Valencia. READ MORE: Tottenham sent clear message on Nicolo Zaniolo transfer situation by Jose Mourinho Speaking last week, Conte made it clear that if someone was to leave, he would want a replacement to come through the door as he looks to keep the numbers high within his squad. "We're okay. But if someone goes away, for sure another player has to come," Conte said. "Especially if some players want to go to play regularly. It's difficult to keep them here. "But at the same time, it has to be very clear that if a player wants to go play, I have to replace this player. This is very important. "We need to have a squad capable to face a lot of games until November. This is very important for me." READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone call Leeds have no interest in weakening their squad any further in the finals stretch of the window having already sold Kalvin Phillips and Raphinha to Manchester City and Barcelona, respectively. The Whites have recruited well so far to date with new signings Brenden Aaronson, Marc Roca and Tyler Adams already making their mark in Yorkshire. Marsch's side have amassed seven points from their opening three Premier League matches and would have been three wins from three had it not been for Southampton's late comeback in the 2-2 draw. Tottenham are believed to be open to exploring other targets with Atalanta's Ruslan Malinovskyi one of the players of interest. Spurs have made seven signings so far this window after getting the crux of their business done early before the pre-season tour of South Korea. The £60million capture of Richarlison and arrival of Ivan Perisic has helped provide Spurs with additional depth in the wide areas. Yet Conte is seemingly set on continuing to improve the array of options within his squad before the September 1 deadline. Tottenham travel to Nottingham Forest this weekend while Leeds make the trip to the Amex to face Brighton.