Some fans have been concerned the upcoming Outlander prequel, Blood of my Blood, could take the place of a potential eighth season of the historical Starz drama. Now the network’s President of Original Programming Kathryn Busby, has addressed the speculation, insisting the prequel will not interfere with Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) adventures. Starz boss Kathryn has avoided directly confirming Outlander’s continuation after its upcoming seventh season. Last month, it was confirmed the story of Jamie’s parents would be explored in the show’s first spin-off series, Blood of my Blood. However, there is still no word on whether the network is officially planning to extend the mainline series into an eighth instalment. Kathryn has now said: “Outlander is such a very important show for us that we would love to have as much Outlander as we possibly can have.” READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit “[The prequel will] absolutely not [take away Starz’s commitment to the original series].” Sam, Caitriona and the rest of the cast are currently in Scotland filming Outlander’s seventh season. As Diana Gabaldon’s bestselling series of novels will comprise ten books once complete, the small screen adaptation would ideally continue for at least ten seasons. Unfortunately, fans will probably have to wait until the seventh outing has started before Starz gives the official go-ahead to adapt book eight, Written in My Own Heart's Blood. Furthermore, Kathryn avoided commenting on any contract negotiations for the main cast, which also includes Richard Rankin, Sophie Skelton and John Bell. However, she did remain positive about the potential of several Outlander spin-offs as she referenced the success of the Power franchise. “What we’ve proven with the Power franchise is that we can have different lanes of storytelling around the same base,” she explained. “We believe that we can do that with Outlander as well. They are not mutually exclusive at all.” DON'T MISS:BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets [NEWS]The Sandman’s Gwendoline Christie explains Lucifer’s absence [INTERVIEW]Flight Lieutenant takes no rubbish from BBC hosts in epic interview [VIDEO] If the recent success of Power’s Ghost, Raising Kanan and Force is any indication, the Outlander universe could grow even bigger throughout the coming years. This could mean future spin-offs could take the place of the mainline series if leading stars Sam and Caitriona decided to depart for new projects. Kathryn also confirmed Outlander author Diana will be involved in the upcoming prequel, despite not being approached as a consultant just yet. She added: “We’re still working the details out but Diana Gabaldon will definitely be involved. “She is a fantastic writer and from season to season, she’s been a pleasure to work with. We are going to keep working with her.” There is currently no set timeline for the prequel’s release on Starz, nor a projected publication date for Diana’s tenth and final Outlander book. Thankfully, fans have plenty more from the Frasers to look forward to, as season seven has been extended to a massive 16 episodes to make up for this year’s shortened instalment. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.