Dr William Bird, who has advised the Government on winter health forecasts, says that the extreme measures are needed because the country is facing a crisis on a similar scale to that of the pandemic. Dr Bird, who founded the health forecasting unit at the Met Office, warned that soaring fuel costs are expected to cause “many thousands of excess deaths” from cold.  His comments follow new forecasts which last week predicted an 81 per cent rise in the energy cap from October, bringing the average household bill for those on default tariffs to £4,266 a year by January. Consultants Auxilione have predicted regulator Ofgem will then raise the price cap to £5,038 from April. Dr Bird said: “We have to target that group who are most vulnerable, the elderly, those living alone and those who are housebound, and as a population, we have to step in to help wherever we can – in a situation similar to the Ukraine crisis. “We need to take people into our homes, sharing the responsibility with families and friends to keep people warm.” Dr Bird, CEO of Intelligent Health, which aims to improve fitness and lifestyle, added: “When temperatures drop in winter we always have an increase in deaths. “But with the rising energy bills, a temperature drop means people will be forced to turn their heating off in order to afford to eat and they will become ill. As a result, the NHS will become overwhelmed with a huge proportion of poor people, particularly those who are housebound or older and less mobile. Any sudden temperature drop will be a disaster with many thousands of extra unnecessary deaths.” He said Government contingency plans to urge the public to use less energy by turning down thermostats would put more lives at risk. “Many people may be able to cope with lower temperatures and it is sensible to keep active and wear extra layers. But for older and less mobile people it can be deadly.”  Dr Shakoor Hajat, an expert in public health at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, who is carrying out research into cold-related deaths, said: “Deaths increase in the cold and we know such deaths also rise when energy prices are higher. “What we will be seeing with fuel prices this winter is off the charts. The Government asking people to turn down their heating isn’t a solution. People need to keep a certain temperature otherwise there will be more illness and death. “Even a slight drop in temperature would impact more vulnerable groups, and hospitals, traditionally at capacity in winter, will be even more stretched.” His work shows that cold-related deaths increase by six per cent for every 1C drop during the coldest days of the year, mostly from lung and heart problems. Separate research from his team also shows deaths increase when energy costs are higher. It showed there was a two per cent increase in death rates for every 1C fall in temperature in years when domestic fuel costs were lower than average, rising to a 2.5 per cent increase in years with above-average fuel costs. Peter Smith, director of policy at the charity National Energy Action, said: “This is a public health emergency. Sadly, we know turning down the heating can be fatal, particularly for those who are vulnerable or depend on medical equipment. “This is a life-threatening situation for thousands of people. “Unlike other public health problems, cold homes are entirely preventable irrespective of this crisis. The Govern­­ment is not moving things forward with a wider package of support – the current level of support is a million miles off the mark.”  Experts say that Britain has one of the worst records in Europe for excess winter deaths. Dr Bird said: “The UK is likely to see one of the worst excess death rates in Europe. It has one of the worst housing stocks in Europe – many of our houses have poor ­insulation and damp conditions – and we have one of the highest excess deaths in winter. It used to be that poorer people were cold and hungry – this winter we can expect to see that they will be freezing and starving. “This problem is not just affecting those on low incomes without jobs, it is also affecting working families – including those where both couples are working.” A new study reveals households on low incomes will have to reduce their spending power by three times as much as high-income households in order to afford their energy bills, according to a think tank. The Resolution Foundation’s predictions were based on forecasts by consultants Cornwall Insight that the energy price cap could surge to £4,266 from January. Money saving expert Martin Lewis said: “The idea that the Government cannot do anything is wrong. “They are not willing to do anything. “Based on the current prediction, for every £100 direct debit you currently pay, in October you will be paying £181 and in January, £215. “That is a cataclysmic rise for households. Millions of households will simply not be able to afford it.” 