When the dust had finally settled on Finn Tapp’s Winter Love Island win, the 22-year-old was desperate to find a route back into professional football. Tapp had spent most of his life in MK Dons’ academy but was released in 2019, around six months before he found himself on the ITV reality series. The nightclub and event appearances that pack an ex-Islander’s diary have prevented a full-time return to football. However, an interest in player welfare and mental health, prompted by his own struggles as a young professional, has provided a chance to get back into the professional environment. Tapp, who won the 2020 Winter Love Island series alongside partner Paige Turley, wants to make presentations to academy footballers on the hurdles they face when trying to break into the first teams of their respective clubs. “Going through my experience being released by MK Dons, I had a moment where I was like, ‘well, what am I going to do?’. I went straight into full-time football after my GCSEs,” Tapp tells Express Sport. “By the time I was 18-19, I was being told that all that was done. All my pals were still at uni and even now are still yet to get a job. But mine had already come to an end, if that makes sense. READ MORE: Arsenal star Xhaka drops contract hint and makes Arteta prediction “Having pals that were perhaps a couple of years younger and seeing them go through the same processes I went through, I was reaching out to them and it made me think that I can do it in a way where I’m reaching out to more people by going into clubs and not just those who have got my number.” Tapp was captain of MK Dons’ successful U18 team but admits that the jump into the first team was tricky. He made just two senior appearances - both in the EFL Trophy - before his release. A short spell at Oxford City followed before Tapp was thrust onto national television in January 2020. He adds: “I’ve missed being a part of the professional football environment. I know I can’t play week-in-week-out with various different events. I wanted a way in which I could get back in and thought I could share my experiences with some players who are maybe going through the phases that I went through. “I went into MK Dons at the latter end of last season to talk to the young players about how the transition from academy football to the professional environment can impact them and [about] the challenges they might face and the sacrifices they have to make. A lot of it was about focusing on your mental health rather than just your physical health. “Players do physical training every day, but where I found the step up in terms of the step up from academy to professional [most challenging] was the mental aspect.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea told to snub Frenkie de Jong and sign alternativeTottenham tipped to win Premier League in brave predictionMan Utd transfer chief John Murtough given problem by Adrien Rabiot Although stigma around mental health has decreased, it can still be a taboo subject for a young player in a senior dressing room. Tapp hopes his talks can help players overcome the fear of speaking up in front of their older peers. “I was in a changing room with people who were 25, 30-plus. I was this 18-year-old in a very strong environment,” he continues. “It probably does play on these young pros’ minds and they think, ‘I can’t express too much because I don’t want to be seen as this young one who can’t really handle it’. It can be an industry where younger players feel like they can’t open up, they can’t be at one with their emotions and how they are feeling. It’s something that we need to shake. If they hear it from me, with me being not that much older than them, hopefully that changes the stigma and really makes them understand and feel like they can reach out more.” Clubs are doing more to protect their young players’ welfare. In January, Crystal Palace became the first Premier League side to offer released academy players a three-year aftercare programme. In-house counselling opportunities have vastly improved across the football pyramid over the last decade. Tapp points out that change must be driven from the changing room, though. “It comes from the changing room, and this is something I spoke with the MK Dons youth team about,” he concludes. “Having that stigma of being a young man and not having the confidence to chat to your pals in the changing room. You don’t need to be thick-skinned all the time. Just speaking to your pals and your team-mates can be vital.”