The triple lock mechanism makes sure the state pension sum increases each year by whichever is the highest: 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. However, there has been much debate about the policy and its longevity given recent economic turbulence. It started with the temporary suspension of the triple lock this year, as a result of warped earnings data due to COVID-19. A double lock was implemented instead, with a rise of 3.1 percent given to pensioners. The Government then vowed it would reinstate the triple lock next year, but this has come under some scrutiny as working people are facing a real-terms cut in income. Recently, Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, questioned the policy’s future give soaring inflation putting strain on affordability. READ MORE: Widow, 72, boosts income by £158 per week - check your eligibility He said: “September’s inflation figure will be the one to look out for, with the Bank of England predicting at peak at 13 percent later this year. “This could cost the Treasury well in excess of £10billion – a huge price to pay for the keys to Number 10. “The triple-lock seems to be under perennial threat, in part because the wild economic ride we have been on in the last few years has swelled the costs associated with uprating the state pension.” However, Express.co.uk readers have made their feelings known about the future of the policy. DON'T MISSWidow, 72, boosts income by £158 per week - check your eligibility [EXPLAINED]Triple lock warning as rises under ‘perennial threat’ - ‘huge price!' [INSIGHT]Savings warning as you may be ‘penalised’ by ‘additional tax burden' [UPDATE] Some have hit back, suggesting the triple lock must remain no matter who receives the keys to Number 10 come September. DoggyPaws wrote: “If the Tories stop the triple lock or even reduce it in these out of control inflation times, they will be history at the next election!” Philatmilnrow said: “Don’t play with pensioners livelihoods. “The triple lock must be implemented and secured for future years. “Most pensioners are already frightened without all of this talk of stopping the triple lock. Give us a break or we’ll break the Tories at the next General Election.” READ MORE: Money-saving tip could save you £80 in a single week BillyLier remarked: “Remove it at your peril! Upset the pensioners and regret it!” While Pessimisticmiss added: “They brought in the triple lock to make things fair. Then they reneged on it. “Pensioners have bailed the Government out this year, but we expect them to stick to their promises next year.” Others urged younger, working people to empathise with the view of pensioners. SteveSJS stated: “Just remember boys and girls, one day you will be on the state pension. A lot of the pensioners are struggling so be kind.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While GrumpyOldBear said: “I feel sorry for the kid in school - what will they have to look forward to in life?” The short term future of the triple lock appears to be guaranteed from the recent remarks from Tory leadership candidates. Liz Truss has committed to a reinstatement of the triple lock, at least until the end of the current Parliament - in two years time. Rishi Sunak has previously defended the triple lock being reinstated in his previous role as Chancellor of the Exchequer.