NCIS Los Angeles is one of CBS' biggest hit dramas so it was no surprise when it was renewed for another season. So what investigations will the LA team come up against next and what will become of them beyond the dangerous job? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about NCIS' upcoming season. NCIS Los Angeles was last seen at the end of May 2022 and shortly after, CBS renewed the drama for a 14th outing. Weeks later, and the network announced its fall 2022-2023 line-up which included the return dates for the entire NCIS franchise. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 will premiere on Sunday, September 18, at 10pm ET/PT on CBS. Season 13 began on Sky Max in the UK in May 2022 so it will be quite some time before series 14 makes its way to Britain. READ MORE: Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'work out' father of Charity's baby Season 14 of NCIS LA is expected to look exactly the same as series 13 cast with all the main cast returning for the new episodes. Actors Chris O'Donnell, LL Cool J, Daniela Ruah, Eric Christian Olsen, Caleb Castille and Medalion Rahimi will all be returning as Agents Callen, Sam Hanna, Kensi Blye, Marty Deeks, Devin Roundtree and Fatima Namazi respectively. There have been concerns in the past that actress Linda Hunt who portrays Hetty Lange, would leave the drama but so far, there has been no announcement stating her retirement. Actor Gerald McRaney will also be returning as Retired Navy Admiral Hollace Kilbride. At the end of NCIS LA season 13, Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah) and Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) were in the process of adopting Rosa (Alana de la Garza). According to showrunner R Scott Gemmill, the couple's new family will be at risk at the hand of sociopath David Kessler (Frank Military). He told TV Insider season 14 will finally wrap up this ongoing storyline between Kessler and Kensi. “That’ll be something else that we will resolve next season. There’s a couple things," Gemmill said. DON'T MISS...GB News guest rages at £10 fine in GP appointment row [REACTION]NCIS' Abby Sciuto was almost replaced by Hollywood A-lister  [EXPLAINER]NCIS LA season 14: Crew member shares ominous first-look [REVEALED] "I think that’s one of the great things for us is that we can drop in a story and let it sort of settle and fester and bubble away until it rears its ugly head again, whether it’s Katya or Kessler or any of the other myriad of conflicts we had over the years. "I think for sure, we’ll put that one to bed because nobody wants to live with that over their shoulders the rest of their lives."Callen (Chris O'Donnell) is also going to have an intense time as he looks into his childhood and the early days of his relationship with Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt). But will he be happy with what he finds out or is it going to damage their bond forever? There was some good news for Callen at the end of season 13 though, which delighted fans. The veteran agent finally popped the question to Ana Kolcheck (Bar Paly), getting down on one knee and asking for her hand in marriage. Thankfully, everything went according to plan as she said yes so a wedding is expected to soon be on the cards. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premiers on Sunday, September 18, on CBS in America. A UK release date has not yet been released.