Former Premier League bad boy Marko Aranutovic wants to move to Manchester United after the Red Devils made their move for the former West Ham and Stoke frontman, reports claim. Erik ten Hag is desperate for the club to sign a new striker and the Old Trafford hierarchy seemingly believe 33-year-old Arnautovic is the answer, in a left-field transfer swoop that has already divided opinion.  United are understood to have made an opening offer of £7.2million for the Bologna frontman that was instantly rejected. The Red Devils could yet try again though with the club keen to add some additional experience to their ranks. According to The Telegraph, Arnautovic is open to the move as he eyes a second stint on English shores. The Austria international initially made his Premier League bow in 2013 when he signed for Stoke from Werder Bremen, before eventually moving to West Ham in 2017. READ MORE: Man Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer Arnautovic, who has won 102 caps for his country, spent two seasons with Irons before a lucrative move to the Far East with Shanghai SIPG. Now he is back amongst the goals in Europe with Bologna, where he found the net 14 times in 33 Serie A matches last season. His numbers read encouragingly in the view of Man United as they look to add some additional character to their dressing room. It's evidently much needed following Ten Hag's first professional match at the helm as Brighton ran out 2-1 winners at Old Trafford on Sunday. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer Cristiano Ronaldo's future still remains unclear and he was only amongst the substitutes before being introduced to the fray in the second half. The Portuguese made an impact as United tried to force their way back into the game but more will be required if they are to make the top four. Salzburg's Benjamin Sesko is also a player that remains of huge interest but United are yet to submit a formal offer. The club have met with his representatives on a number of occasions but Chelsea, RB Leipzig, Newcastle and AC Milan are also in the race. When quizzed on whether more signings could be on the cards following United's nightmare opening day result, Ten Hag said after the Brighton defeat: "We could do better with the players we had." Anthony Martial was poised to start against Brighton before he picked up a hamstring injury. United are still planning to recruit another No 9 - whether Ronaldo opts to remain at Old Trafford or alternatively, pursue a new challenge elsewhere. Next up for United is a trip to Brentford next Saturday...