Currently starring in the new production of Sister Act: The Musical, Joseph’s character Sister Mary Lazarus is an amusing part and one which the star has firmly sunk her teeth into. Describing the experience as “amazing”, especially getting to work alongside both powerhouse Beverley Knight and comedy legend Jennifer Saunders, Joseph added: “It’s very much an uplifting show.” Off stage the hard work doesn’t end for the star, who regularly partakes in yoga and other pastimes to keep both her brain and body fit. “There’s nothing I can’t do now that I could do when I was in my 40s,” Joseph claims. “I’m fit as a flea, to be honest, and I love doing yoga. Retirement just isn’t in my plans - learning lines keeps my brain young and performing keeps my body fit. “There are also a few other things I would like to do before I retire. “Sometimes I can’t believe how old I am because I’ve got so much energy.”  DON'T MISS: Diabetes: 7 common fruits that can be 'dangerous' - run the risk of blood sugar spikes  She said: “The secret of ageing carefully and properly is exercise, both mental and physical. I’m always having to learn lines, which keeps my brain agile. And I walk everywhere. In London I’ll get off the Tube early and walk a couple of stops.” Bringing up her mother Vicki, whom she labelled as an “inspiration” Joseph added: “She died just short of 104. She gave up badminton at 90, played tennis beyond that and was line dancing until 96. She was an amazing woman.” Joseph’s health and fitness advice seems simple, and in fact there is research to back up what the star says. In a 2018 issue of the BioMed Research International, physical activity and lifestyle choices were measured to see what effect they had on health and longevity for older people. The article explained that physical activity (PA) is a “protective factor for noncommunicable diseases such as cardiovascular disease, stroke, diabetes, and some types of cancer. As well as improved mental health”.  This suggests that older individuals can contribute to maintaining their quality of life, health, and physical function if they participate regularly in physical activity. In fact, this advice is supported by the NHS, which describes exercise as the “miracle cure we’ve always had”. The medical body’s website states that in addition to protecting against long-term conditions such as cancer or heart disease, research shows that physical activity can also boost self-esteem, mood, sleep quality and energy, as well as reducing your risk of stress, clinical depression, dementia and Alzheimer's disease. In light of this, the UK Chief Medical Officers' Physical Activity Guidelines, on GOV.UK, state that adults should try to be active every day and aim to do at least 150 minutes of physical activity over a week, through a variety of activities. For most people, the easiest way to get moving is to make activity part of everyday life. For example this could involve walking for health or cycling instead of using the car to get around. The NHS stresses that the more you do, the better, and taking part in activities such as sports and exercise will make you even healthier.  Yoga, the exercise Joseph states she undertakes regularly, is one which offers numerous health benefits. Johns Hopkins Medicine explains that for individuals who are recovering from an illness or surgery, living with a chronic condition or have insomnia can all benefit from the practice. Some of the benefits that individuals can gain from doing yoga frequently include: Examples of some beginner poses for individuals to start include: 