While John Lennon and Paul McCartney frequently worked on songs for The Beatles alone, they needed one another to perfect the final tracks. This time last year, in August 2021, McCartney looked back on some of his biggest songs for the Fab Four - one of which was written entirely for Lennon's son. McCartney penned a sweet lullaby for Julian Lennon - his bandmate's first child - back in the 1960s called "Hey Jules". This song evolved and was eventually released as the legendary Beatles hit "Hey Jude" in 1968. But, during the writing process of the song, McCartney was on a warpath and tried to axe some lyrics from the track. Looking back, he said: "I know exactly where I was. I was in London, my music room at the top of the house, playing my little painted magic piano. John and Yoko were standing right behind me, on my shoulder, in fact." It was here that McCartney revealed he wanted to make some major alterations to the song. He continued: "They’re standing right behind me as I’m playing: ‘Hey Jude, da-da-da-da, da-da-da,’ and I get to [the lyric]: ‘The movement you need is on your shoulder.’" McCartney recalled looking over to his bandmate and his wife, Yoko Ono, to tell them: "I'll fix that one [lyric]." Lennon had a differing opinion, though. READ MORE: Elvis Presley ballad left Beatles star 'in tears' Lennon instantly told McCartney: "You won't, you know. That's the best line in the song." McCartney continued his story: “And then for me, instead of going: ‘Oh, no. No, no, no. I hate it and I want to change it,’ the minute he said: ‘You won’t, you know,’ I knew he was right." He praised his friend and songwriter, adding: "You know, this was what was great about me and John ... Like that was a command." In the end, Lennon's advice shot "Hey Jude" into stratospheric success. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley ballad left Beatles star 'in tears' [NEWS]Ringo Starr marks 60 years as Beatles drummer after Pete Best fired [INFO]The Beatles split left Paul McCartney feeling 'freedom' [INTERVIEW] "Hey Jude" was officially released on August 26, 1968, and reached number one in 23 countries. To date, the track has sold more than eight million copies worldwide. McCartney has since continued to play the track long after Lennon's death - despite his deep connection to the song. He first began working on the lyrics while Lennon was going through a divorce with his first wife, Cynthia Lennon. Lennon was splitting from Cynthia for Ono, leaving Julian in a broken home. Looking back on the song's composition, McCartney recalled: "I started with the idea 'Hey Jules,' which was Julian, 'don't make it bad, take a sad song and make it better.'" "Hey, try and deal with this terrible thing," he translated. "I knew it was not going to be easy for him. I always feel sorry for kids in divorces." SOURCE