Nick Kyrgios is facing another legal battle to deal with away from the tennis court after being subjected to a defamation claim from a woman who he had kicked out of Wimbledon Centre Court during this year’s tournament. The woman, a Polish lawyer, was temporarily ejected from the court after it was alleged Kyrgios told the umpire she had ‘700 drinks’ and is now pursuing a legal claim against the Australian. Anna Palus, 32, a medical lawyer by trade, announced in a statement she would be bringing a defamation suit against Wimbledon finalist Kyrgios in an attempt to "clear her name". The 27-year-old tennis star asked for Ms Palus to be removed from Centre Court during the final after appearing to be distracted by her presence in the crowd and she was temporarily removed. He went on to lose to Novak Djokovic 6-4, 3-6, 4-6, 7-6 (3) in a thrilling final back in July. However, the woman in question said that Kyrgios' assertion that she had consumed "700 drinks" was "reckless and entirely baseless", leading her to file a suit against the world No 26. The statement, released on her behalf by solicitors Brett Wilson, read: "On Sunday 10 July 2022 I attended the final of the Wimbledon tennis championships with my mother. It was an event we had been looking forward to for some time. "During the course of the final, Nick Kyrgios made a reckless and entirely baseless allegation against me. “Not only did this cause considerable harm on the day, resulting in my temporary removal from the arena, but Mr Kyrgios’s false allegation was broadcast to, and read by, millions around the world, causing me and my family very substantial damage and distress.” LATEST TENNIS NEWSAmazon apologise twice for Kyrgios rant after toiler break fiascoKyrgios gets huge US Open boost despite loss at Canadian OpenKyrgios hits out at 'horrific' persona and opens up on beer incentive Ms Palus said she had “no alternative” but to instruct her lawyers to sue Kyrgios and claimed her reasons behind submitting her claim are to “obtain vindication, and to prevent repetition of the allegation”. While the amount she is pursuing has not been publicly dislclosed, she has pledged to donate any winnings from her lawsuit to charity and asked Kyrgios to “reflect on the harm” caused to she and her family. It comes just days before Kyrgios is due to compete in the US Open in what has been arguably the most successful seasons of the Australian's career on court, having reached the final at Wimbledon for the first time and triumphing at the Citi Open. Kyrgios is already involved in another ongoing legal battle after being charged with common assault, following an alleged incident with his ex-partner Chiara Passari in January 2021. He was denied a three-month adjournment on Tuesday and the case has been adjourned until October 4.