Newcastle United are interested in signing a quartet of Chelsea players before the end of the summer transfer window, reports claim. Eddie Howe has strengthened his defence this summer but is now looking to add quality and depth to his attacking resources. Newcastle have brought in centre-back Sven Botman and goalkeeper Nick Pope, as well as making Matt Targett's loan move from Aston Villa permanent. But the Magpies' new Saudi Arabian owners have not spent as much as many thought they would. Financial Fair Play restrictions have imposed strict restrictions on the budget available to manager Howe. Newcastle have therefore been waiting until later in the window and are eyeing four players from Stamford Bridge. The Telegraph claims attacking midfielder Conor Gallagher, wingers Christian Pulisic and Callum Hudson-Odoi and striker Armando Broja are all of interest. The report says Newcastle would only be allowed to sign one of the players on loan and only have the budget to sign one on a permanent basis. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist  But with Chelsea stepping up interest in targets of their own, there is belief several of the squad players will be moved on. And Newcastle are waiting to see who they can get their hands on. Director of football Dan Ashworth has been in contact with Chelsea chiefs regarding the four targets. He has asked to be kept informed of any developments over their future. The Toon are claimed to have a long-standing interest in striker Broja. The Albanian spent last season on loan at Southampton and has appeared as a substitute in Chelsea's opening two Premier League games this season. A potential stumbling block to deals for Pulisic and Hudson-Odoi in particular is both players currently earn more than Newcastle's top-earner Kieran Trippier. Chelsea may be reluctant to cover some of their wages if a loan deal for either of the players was agreed. DON'T MISSMan Utd can finally put De Jong saga to bed after £42m agreement struckMan Utd's XI by end of window if Murtough signs Ten Hag's four targetsMan Utd may make last-minute move to seal Ten Hag request as belief emerges  Newcastle pulled out of a move for Real Sociedad striker Alexander Isak earlier this summer due to his wage demands and the fee the La Liga club wanted. They have also seen at least one bid turned down for Leicester star James Maddison. Speaking after the goalless draw at Brighton on Saturday, Howe admitted there are areas he wants to add to in his squad. He said: “As I’ve said many times, we’re looking [to sign players]. “We are aware that there are certain parts of the squad that we’d love to strengthen and give us more options. But that’s no reflection of anybody we currently have in our squad because I think we’ve shown that we love everybody within the group." 