While the UK seems increasingly autumnal, environmental changes over the last few weeks has been seen during often severe heat, as August saw a heatwave bring 30C+ highs. Temperatures have since dropped closer to the monthly average, with no other hot spells on the horizon for the time being. These latest changes signify that autumn is on the horizon, but officials use more than one method to determine when it has arrived. Temperatures have dropped, but the UK is not officially in autumn just yet, according to officials. The season is either two days or just under one month away, according to the methods used to calculate its arrival. Experts refer to either meteorological or astronomical autumn, with the former of the two, closest. READ MORE: The friendliest country in Europe is perfect for British expats The UK's primary meteorological agency, the Met Office, judges autumn using the meteorological calendar. As per its calendar, the season begins on September 1 and ends just over two months later on November 31 every year. The complete meteorological calendar runs as follows: Spring March 1 to May 31 Summer June 1 to August 31 Autumn September 1 to November 31 Winter December 1 to February 28 (or 29) Astronomers have their own dates for autumn, which they calculate using the movement of the Earth around the Sun. New seasons either begin with a solstice or equinox, with summer having commenced with the former on June 21. Solstices mark the longest and shortest days of the year, while equinoxes mark those of equal length. Autumn is an equinox and arrives when the Earth arrives at a point in its orbit around the Sun where the equator faces it directly. In 2022, the autumn equinox is due on Friday, September 23. The equinox should result in approximately 12 hours of daylight followed by 12 hours of nightfall. Autumn is still some time away, regardless of how people choose to calculate its arrival. In the meantime, people will want to know why the country appears to have skipped ahead of this schedule. Rusty leaves adorning the floors are supposed to be a unique characteristic of autumn caused by dropping temperatures which break down green chlorophyll, leaving behind yellow, red and brown coloured chemicals. The early presence of browning leaves is due to heat stress, which has caused a "false autumn", according to experts. The Devon Wildlife Trust has warned that a lack of water has forced trees to "close down" prematurely and abandon their usual cycles to preserve the little liquid they have.