The lineup for this year’s Strictly Come Dancing is starting to fill out with former I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! and X Factor star Fleur East the latest star to sign up to the BBC show. Discussing her decision to join the cast of 2022, Fleur touched on how her late father was behind the choice. “I’m equally nervous and thrilled to be part of this year’s Strictly line up,” Fleur began. “I’m excited to learn new skills and I want to soak up every moment of this magical experience. “It’s such an honour to be on the show after years of watching it with my father who loved it so much.” Sharing her heartbreaking backstory, she continued: “Unfortunately my Dad is no longer with us but I know he will be watching over the ballroom in spirit. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' “I’m doing this to make him and my family proud and can’t wait to get my dancing shoes on!” Fleur’s father Malcolm died in March 2020, just as the UK was entering lockdown as a result of the Covid pandemic. Speaking on ITV’s Lorraine a few months later in June 2020, Fleur opened up about how she was handling the loss. “It was just at the start of lockdown, this whole global pandemic has been so surreal for so many different reasons, it almost doesn't feel like it happened. “I haven’t been able to deal with it in the real world yet. It’s been very, very difficult.” She announced the news of his passing in a heartbreaking Instagram post back in March 2020, thanking him for being her "biggest fan" throughout her career. On the social media site, she penned: "Daddy East, Max, the ultimate G! What a man you were! "So young at heart, always living in the moment! Swagger in abundance and such an unforgettable presence. DON'T MISS:Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmedLoose Women's Kaye Adams asks 'when Posh Spice' is going on StrictlyTony Adams issues warning to Strictly partner as he signs up to show "Loved by so many! You were always my biggest fan! Cheering me on until the end. You taught me and Keshia to be confident and to always chase our dreams. "I will forever continue to make you proud. I’m so happy you saw us achieve so much. Every note I sing, every song I write and everything I do, will be for you. "This album is for you Dad. Love you so much Daddy Darling. Have an amazing time up there," she concluded. Fleur becomes the 12th star to sign up to this year's series of Strictly, joining a whole host of famous faces who've already been confirmed to appear. Former Coronation Street stars Will Mellor and Kym Marsh join the likes of The One Show's Richie Anderson and Loose Women's Kaye Adams elsewhere in the cast. Comedians Jayde Adams and Ellie Taylor will be hoping to raise cheers instead of laughs with their efforts on the dancefloor. And Ellie Simmonds, Tyler West, Matt Goss, Molly Rainford and Tony Adams complete the lineup. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in September.