Adrien Rabiot has demanded an annual salary of £5.9million in order to join Manchester United this summer, according to reports. The France international has been deemed surplus to requirements over at Juventus. And the Red Devils are pursuing the midfielder at a time where their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong continues to hang in the balance. Express Sport understands United’s pursuit of Rabiot is separate to their bid to bring De Jong to Old Trafford. Yet it was telling on Monday that the news broke at a time where it seems like the Barcelona star is increasingly likely to remain at the Nou Camp, despite Chelsea also being keen. United are crying out for more reinforcements, something that was evident in their 2-1 defeat to Brighton on Sunday where a brace from Pascal Gross inflicted the first defeat of the Erik ten Hag era. Rabiot would, in the club’s eyes, represent an upgrade on the likes of Scott McTominay, Fred, Donny van de Beek and James Garner. Yet in order to land the France international, Gazzetta claim United will have to meet his demands of an annual salary worth £5.9m a year. It’s stated the Red Devils are set to talk with Rabiot’s agent and mother, Veronique, on Tuesday as they look to get a deal over the line. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The 27-year-old would, ideally, leave Juventus for a team who can offer him Champions League football - having spent most of his career playing at the highest level. Yet he’s reportedly ready to join United, who would be a ‘welcome destination for the player’ providing he gets the pay packet he craves. Should the Red Devils be successful in their pursuit, Rabiot will become their fourth signing of this summer’s transfer window. Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez have all moved from Feyenoord, Brentford and Ajax respectively to add freshness to the squad. Yet United still want De Jong and remain hopeful the duo can be partners in their midfield by the time the transfer window slams shut at the beginning of next month. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join They’d also like to bolster their ranks at right-back and in attack, too. United are willing to listen to offers for full-backs Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams, while Diogo Dalot didn’t convince during the match against Brighton on Sunday. Denzel Dumfries was linked earlier in the summer, as well as Norwich City’s Max Aarons, but rumours surrounding both have gone cold in recent weeks. And, up top, United admire the likes of Antony, Benjamin Sesko and Marko Arnautovic. Antony has been deemed too pricey at the current moment in time, however, with Ajax looking for a fee close to £80m to let the Brazil international go. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Sesko is set to join RB Leipzig from Red Bull Salzburg instead, despite United chief John Murtough recently holding talks with the forward’s agent. And Bologna boss Sinisa Mihajlovic has insisted he wants Arnautovic to stay at the club, saying on Monday: “I would be happy for Marko [in case he joins United] but I don’t think he will leave. “I spoke to Arnautovic about Man Utd proposal - in case he leaves we will see… but I think he will stay”. Meanwhile, speaking after United were outplayed by Brighton, Red Devils legend Roy Keane called on Ten Hag to get more backing. "There’s huge issues there and that’s what we’re talking about, a rebuilding job,” Keane told Sky Sports. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He needs time. A bad start from today, give the man a chance. Give the man money, he needs to recruit, he mentioned before the game about culture, there’s issues at the top - there were more protests at the club from the supporters today. “So big, big problem at United." And he added: "Man United look very, very fragile, same problems, question the personality in the team, the problem is out of possession they look so open. “They started okay, great chance for [Bruno] Fernandes, he should hit the target. “But after that, Brighton have been excellent, Man United gaps everywhere, so open it’s untrue." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here