Elton John, 75, has paid tribute to the late Princess Diana on the 25th anniversary of her death. Elton, who was good friends with Diana, said the much-loved princess would “always be missed”. In view of his 4.1million Instagram followers, the Tiny Dancer singer posted a photo of him and Diana laughing together. “You will always be missed,” he wrote. Jocelyn commented: “Too soon , too young. A tragedy.” Paulette added: “this pic makes me smile. She was so pretty”. Alison agreed: “you both look truly happy to be in each others company”. Diana was killed in a car accident in 1997, aged 36, and many of her celebrity friends have marked the milestone today, posting photos with her. Joan Collins wrote on Instagram: “It was always a pleasure to meet such an #enchanting and #inspirational lady.” Piers Morgan tweeted: “25yrs ago today, the world’s biggest star died in a car crash. “She was so famous I didn’t even need to put her name on the Daily Mirror front page about the tragedy. “Everyone knew Princess Diana & this Demarchelier photo epitomised her radiant beauty & superstar quality. RIP.” Elton famously wrote his song Candle in the Wind about his friend Diana, but they actually fell out just months before her death. He explained in his 2019 autobiography: “She was a very dear friend for years, and then, completely unexpectedly, we fell out.” DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle left ‘squirming’ as Mariah Carey brands her a ‘diva’ [LATEST] Lorraine Kelly posts rare picture of 'handsome baby brother' [PICTURES] Diana had promised her close friend that she would write the foreword for a coffee-table book called ‘Rock and Royalty’ put together by their mutual friend, Gianni Versace. Elton described the book as a “collection of portraits by great photographers” and included photographs of music stars such as Prince, Take That and Elton himself posing in Versace. Diana also said she would go to the launch of the book at a fundraising dinner for Elton’s AIDS Foundation in February 1997. More than $400,000 (£300,000) worth of tickets had been sold when she finally saw an advance copy of the book, and suddenly changed her mind. She feared the Royal Family would be displeased at her association with the book, in which nude men were juxtaposed with photos of royals including the Queen. Although it was viewed by some as a work of artistic expression, Diana reportedly “knew it would not appeal to the more old-fashioned sensibilities of Prince Charles or his mother”. Diana was “keen to build bridges” with the royals at this point despite no longer being a working royal, and so “panicked that her association with such a book could damage her cause”. She fell out with Elton after her sudden withdrawal from the project - but they would reconcile when their mutual friend Versace was killed in July 1997, weeks before Diana’s own death.