The Last Kingdom remains a Netflix hit and the historical drama series ended with season five. Uhtred of Bebbanburg's (played by Alexander Dreymon) story will draw to a satisfying close in the movie, Seven Kings Must Die. There is a chance Uhtred and healer Eadith (Stefanie Martini) could form a relationship. Filming has finally wrapped on Seven Kings Must Die and fans are desperate to find out what the feature-length movie will entail. What is known is that Uhtred will be back at Bebbanburg after finally claiming back his homeland at the end of season five. Not much information has been given about the rest of the cast yet, but one character who is likely to return is Eadith. She was introduced in season four when she started to go along with her brother's plan to kill Aethelred (Toby Regbo). Yet she switched her allegiance to Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) and has grown closer to Uhtred ever since. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe At the end of season five, Eadith chose to stay in Bebbanburg with Aelswith (Eliza Butterworth) as it was safe from enemies. There is a high chance she will appear in Seven Kings Must Die as it is expected to be set at Bebbanburg. Eadith features in Bernard Cornwell's original stories and she ends up becoming Uhtred's lover. She assists Uhtred on his mission to locate the sword Ice-Spite, which was taken after the Battle of Tettenhall. When the sword is found, Eadith uses it to cure Uhtred's injury. In the series, Uhtred's heart belonged to Aethelflaed right up until she died. But with the Lady of Mercia now gone, it is possible Uhtred's attention will turn to Eadith. Fans had wanted Eadith to form a relationship with Finan (Mark Rowley), but he ended up marrying another woman. With both characters single, there is nothing stopping them from forming a romance. In the books, Eadith and Uhtred eventually marry and she becomes the Lady of Bebbanburg. DON'T MISS... Where is The Last Kingdom Osferth actor Ewan Mitchell now? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon announces next project [INSIGHT] Last Kingdom film: Why isn't Sonya Cassidy in Seven Kings Must Die? [EXPLAINER] Fans have taken to Reddit to discuss whether the pair will get together in Seven Kings Must Die. Dry_Queen said: "Rewatching season five, and if it is not setting up Uhtred and Eadith for the movie I don’t know s*** about chemistry and all relationships are doomed hahah. "Seriously, tho, if she doesn’t find love in the movie, whyyyyyyyy, does she show up in season 5? Anyone could tell Aethelflaed she is dying." [Sic] BicycleGuilty4675 said: "Well, I think you are quite right. This is one of the first women Uhtred doesn't immediately go to hump? "Maybe that's epic character development. Uthred laying in her bed makes everything a little obvious don't you think?" Since leaving Wessex, Eadith had spent time travelling widely in Frankia, learning the ways of a healer. She came back to Rumcofa to offer her services to Aethelflaed, who was battling cancer. Actress Stefanie opened up about working with Alexander Dreymon as a director in season five. She said: "He’s amazing. Because he’s an actor, he was really good at giving notes that were personal to each of us and how we work. "We all wanted to do our best for him as well, so it felt like a really lovely collaboration. He put so much prep into everything, he really cared, and he had his shot list and I loved it. I felt like it was a really great experience. I’m really proud of him."  The Last Kingdom is on Netflix now and filming has wrapped on Seven Kings Must Die.