The Duke of Cambridge called his younger brother to speak about bullying allegations raised against Meghan Markle but had the phone slammed in his face by Prince Harry, a new French TV documentary has claimed. As a result, Prince William "jumped in a car towards Kensington Palace" to speak in person with the Duke of Sussex, the programme also alleged. The claim is voiced on the programme to be aired next week by French channel BFM TV by Pierrick Geais, a royal author who has penned a book about William. Appearing on "Red Line: William and Harry, the enemy brothers", Mr Geais claimed: "[William] called Harry directly, and Harry slammed the phone down. "Harry didn’t want to know anything, and so William jumped in a car towards Kensington Palace, where he was going to confront Prince Harry." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge for comment. The documentary touches upon the bullying allegations which had been raised against Meghan by one of the Sussexes' senior aides, Jason Knauf, in October 2018. The programme features an email from Mr Knauf, the former communications secretary to Meghan and Harry, written to Simon Case, William’s then private secretary. The allegations made by Mr Knauf at the time included claims Harry's wife had undermined the confidence of one of the staff members at Kensington Palace and had pushed two others to quit with her behaviour. These allegations became public following a report published by The Times in March 2021, just days before Meghan and Harry's interview with Oprah Winfrey was due to be broadcast. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew give up hope of royal comeback? The French programme, which is due to be released on August 31 - the 25th anniversary of the death of Princess Diana - also claims the staff who resigned from the Royal Household for reasons linked to the alleged behaviour of the Duchess of Sussex created a WhatsApp group called "The Sussex Survivors’ Club". Meghan has always denied any allegations of bullying made against her by her former staff members at Kensington Palace. One of her representatives branded, at the time of the publication of the newspaper's article, the claims a "calculated smear campaign based on misleading and harmful misinformation". The statement released at the time also said: "We are disappointed to see this defamatory portrayal of the Duchess of Sussex given credibility by a media outlet. "It's no coincidence that distorted several-year-old accusations aimed at undermining the Duchess are being briefed to the British media shortly before she and the Duke are due to speak openly and honestly about their experience of recent years." In November, one of Meghan's lawyers also appeared in the BBC documentary titled "The Princes and The Press" to defend the Duchess, saying the "narrative" no one could work for the former actress and that "everyone had to leave" is "just not true". Lawyer Jenny Afia also told presenter Amol Rajan: "The overall allegation was that the Duchess of Sussex is guilty of bullying. The first thing is to be really clear about what bullying is. "What bullying actually means is improperly using power deliberately and repeatedly to hurt someone physically or emotionally. "The Duchess of Sussex has absolutely denied ever doing that. That said, she wouldn’t want to negate anyone’s personal experience." She added it is "hard to prove a negative" when asked for evidence to refute the claims. Shortly after the publication of The Times' article, Buckingham Palace announced it would launch an independent enquiry into the complaints and how they had been handled, which was carried out by a law firm and funded privately. In June, it emerged the probe had been completed, with the Palace saying HR policies had been improved as a result of the probe. However, Buckingham Palace added it would not publish the details of the changes or the findings due to "confidentiality" reasons. Meghan never publicly spoke about the probe. The French documentary will be released just days before the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are to return to Europe to take part in a few events linked to organisations they support. During this short trip, the Sussexes are not planning to meet the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Telegraph previously claimed.