Leeds and Newcastle have reportedly been joined by Celtic in the race for Marseille star Bamba Dieng. The three clubs are all chasing the Senegal international who has been described as the 'new Sadio Mane'. Dieng enjoyed an impressive breakout season at Marseille last year scoring eight goals in 36 appearances in all competitions. He also worked his way into the Senegal national team and was part of the squad that won the African Cup of Nations, scoring a penalty in the final shootout win over Egypt. As per 90min, Leeds, Newcastle and Everton are all eyeing a move for him. It has been widely reported that the Ligue 1 side would be prepared to accept a bid of around £15million for his services. The club have already signed a replacement for the 22-year-old with Alexis Sanchez arriving on a free transfer from Inter Milan. And now, it appears Scottish Premiership winners Celtic have joined the race for the player as reported by Glasgow Live. However, the transfer fee is likely to be prohibitive, as the £15m asking price would make Dieng the most expensive player in Scottish football history. JUST IN: Barcelona 'agree fee' for Bernardo Silva to spark frenzy on Frenkie de Jong future The forward brings a range of qualities to any team that is able to sign him. He has gained a reputation for his quick turn of pace and is capable of playing across the frontline. The Premier League clubs should have the advantage over Celtic given the vast financial disparity that exists between the leagues. Both Newcastle and Leeds have made clear that they would like to add to their attacking options during the summer with the clubs linked to a host of forward-thinking players. Newcastle have arguably been linked to the more interesting names. The Magpies are enjoying their first summer transfer window with the backing of their new Saudi Arabian owners. The club first focused on defensive reinforcements with Matt Targett, Nick Pope and Sven Botman arriving on permanent deals. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window Eddie Howe has since turned his attention to bringing in new faces for his front line, with the primary focus being a winger to play on the right-hand side. Bayer Leverkusen’s Moussa Diaby, Everton’s Anthony Gordon and Real Madrid’s Marco Asensio are among the names that have been linked, however the club have not been able to get any across the line. It remains to be seen where Dieng will eventually end up this summer, but it looks clear that he is set to be at the centre of a huge tug of war.