Taking to Instagram, Ralf shared an image of himself on the Cliffs of Moher in Ireland, where he reflected on how far he'd come in his career. However, the Royal Family star worried his fans after he referred to his Death in Paradise character, Neville Parker in the past tense, leading them to believe he was leaving the BBC show. In view of his followers, he penned: "28th May 2019. The Cliffs of Moher, Ireland. "The next day I got the call to say I’d been cast in @deathinparadiseofficial and my life changed forever. "Not a day goes by I don’t appreciate how lucky I am. "Appreciate every one of you who watched and took DI Neville Parker into your hearts." (sic) READ MORE: Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall However, it seemed like Ralf's followers got the wrong end of the stick, as many thought his post meant he was leaving the BBC series. User @doddster65 wrote: "Ooo past tense????? Please just be a slip .. “watched” “took” …" (sic) Sarah replied: "Watched’ ‘took’ past tense? Surely not!" (sic) While Emma went on to write: "Phew! You had me worried for a minute. Love you in DIP Ralf, absolutely brilliant - we love Neville Parker." "Are you leaving? Please say nooo," User @elodavis commented. Despite his fan's pleas to stay on the show, Ralf was quick to reply, insisting Neville Parker isn't going anywhere. In response to Sarah, the actor said: "Watched it when I first started I mean. Never know how am audience is going to react to an incoming character, especially on a show that’s so well loved." "Phew, I didn’t think you’d make a subtle announcement like that, but stranger things have happened," Sarah went on to joke. DON'T MISS...This Morning uproar as Matthew Wright slammed for 'blaming' women [REACTION]Emmerdale's Cain Dingle star 'saddened' by colleague's exit [VIDEO]Shetland's Tosh star ‘bereft’ over Douglas Henshall’s exit [INSIGHT] Ralf joined Death in Paradise mid-way through series nine and has remained as the lead detective ever since. The Two Pints of Lager star and the rest of the cast have been busy filming for series 12. However, in another social media post, Ralf told his followers that he was taking a much-needed break. Sharing a video from his hotel room, the 42-year-old told his followers he had travelled to St Lucia for some downtime with his wife.  “We have some downtime from filming @deathinparadiseofficial so decided to head to @sandals_uk in St Lucia for some R&R with the other half,” the Neville Parker star wrote. “First day here, just got back from the beach and… well… the service is *next level*.” (sic) Series 11 of Death in Paradise concluded with the Commissioner (played by Don Warrington) discovering he had a secret daughter with Maggie Harper (Orla Brady). The commissioner later confided in bar owner Catherine, (Élizabeth Bourgine) admitting to her that he had a daughter. But, will his daughter arrive on Saint Marie in series 12?  Death in Paradise is available to watch on BritBox and BBC iPlayer.