The ex-Man Utd winger won 13 Premier League titles, two Champions League trophies, four FA Cups and three League Cups in his 963 appearances over 23 years. But the city's Minshull Street Crown Court heard that for three years the co-owner of League Two side Salford City subjected girlfriend Kate Greville, 36, to "gaslighting" and coercive behaviour. Giggs, 48, allegedly attacked Ms Greville and her younger sister Emma in Worsley, Greater Manchester, headbutting Kate in a tussle over a phone. He denies using controlling and coercive behaviour and assault causing her actual bodily harm, plus the common assault of Emma. Peter Wright QC, prosecuting, said Giggs's private life involved a "litany of abuse, both physical and psychological, of a woman he professed to love". On Giggs's career, he said: "He played locally for Manchester United and internationally for Wales. He was idolised, and still is, by his adoring fans and supporters. On the pitch his skills were abundant and a thing of beauty "Off the pitch in his personal life at home or behind closed doors, there was a far uglier and more sinister side to his character." Mr Wright read messages from Giggs to his girlfriend during their three-year, on-off relationship which he said shone "a shaft of light on the real Ryan Giggs". One from Giggs stated: "Please unblock me. Promise, no more naked piccies." Mr Wright said minutes later Giggs sent an email headed "Blackmail". One text to her read: "I hate you, hate, hate, hate", another called her "evil" while a third read: "I simply cannot believe you did that. I am so f****** mad at you. I am scared myself because I could do anything." Mr Wright told jurors Giggs's actions "became second nature." "He sought to normalise this behaviour as the product of a tense, passionate and loving relationship. It was nothing of the sort." "It is the subtle psychology of the gaslighter. This is a story of the control and coercion of a woman who thought she was loved and respected but sadly in reality was very different." Mr Wright added: "After years of turbulence, she decided to remove herself from his sphere of influence." He said of their relationship: "Over time, his behaviour became increasingly abusive, controlling and coercive and on occasions there was physical abuse. "The acts of violence were interspersed with acts of kindness or contrition calculated to seek forgiveness. There were false displays of indignation calculated to portray himself as the victim and she, the person responsible for what was happening." The court heard that on November 1st, 2020 the couple visited a restaurant with friends. Mr Wright said: "Kate had determined to end the relationship. She knew that he was cheating on her. She made an early departure and texted her sister to tell her of her plan. She intended to make her departure before he got back." "As she vacated the address, he came back and started arguing with her to try to stop her leaving. He pushed her to the ground causing her to bang and bruise her arm." "She was seeking to fend him off and they were grappling. Emma stepped in...she tried to pull him off her sister and he deliberately elbowed her in the jaw." Mr Wright said ex-Wales manager Giggs headbutted Kate, causing swelling to her lips and bleeding, prompting Emma to call 999. Chris Daw QC, defending Giggs, said: "He fully accepts his behaviour was, on a moral level, far from perfect. Some of the messages show immaturity and use inappropriate language. Both behaved at times like squabbling children. "But the allegation of violence is simply false." He said the headbutt claim was "a nasty lie" and that what happened was "a small contact of their faces" in a tussle. Mr Daw claimed Ms Greville had told a friend she would not walk away from the relationship with nothing and "was prepared to go to any lengths to secure financial security from Mr Giggs."