Today, Hollywood great Henry Fonda stars opposite Robert Shaw in the 1965 World War Two drama The Battle of the Bulge, which airs from 12.05pm on ITV4. The film is based in 1944, Northern France, where Allied troops are preparing to invade Germany. But an American officer becomes convinced with the idea that German forces will attempt a counter-attack, though his theory falls on death ears from his bosses. The Battle of the Bulge was met with highly critical reviews, particularly over the glaring historical inaccuracies that emerged constantly throughout. Among these was Bosley Crowther, who noted in The New York Times that "what is offensive about this picture is the evident distortion of the material and of history to suit the wide Cinerama screen". He added: "For instance, it is the removal of the heavy fog that actually made it possible for the Germans to carry on their tank attacks without fear of retaliation from the air... "This is a complete distortion of the weather conditions that made the battle what it was....it is a cruel deception to describe the climax of the Battle of the Bulge as a raging of German tanks against Americans across a broad plain in the manner of a Western movie cavalry-and-Indian charge....[the film] will be a likely irritation to those who have some sober, rueful sense of World War Two, and also a respectful regard for the memory of the men who fought and died in the real 'Bulge'." Regardless of the reviews, it is still a favourite among many fans, and Fonda was already a huge Hollywood star by the time the film was released — his legacy would continue on through his celebrated daughter Jane Fonda. Despite both soaring in their careers, both claiming Academy Awards, the father and daughter endured a difficult relationship. But in one throwback account, Jane recalled to Closer Weekly that after starring opposite each other in 1981's On Golden Pond, all she wanted to do was watch it back with Fonda. The 84-year-old noted her surprise at Fonda's tears after she grabbed his arm during one scene, and had hoped that eventually the pair would discuss what brought such emotion from him. JUST IN: Jane Fonda praises husbands for ‘new paths’ after boyfriend 'boredom' She said in 2018: “I wish he would’ve said something like, ‘I wasn’t expecting it. That scene between us really moved me. You really moved me. I felt we were both so present'. “I wish he were still here to talk about it.” Jane, who won Best Actress Oscar gongs for her roles in Klute and Coming Home, reflected on her father's death at 77, as a result of heart disease. Then aged 81, Jane added: “I’ve lived four years longer than he did. That still surprises me." DON'T MISS:Donald Sutherland affair with huge star 'The most beautiful breasts' [ANALYSIS]Jane Fonda says J.Lo was ‘stroke of luck’ after career took nosedive [INSIGHT]Archie's parents deserved better, blasts CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT] When asked about accepting an Oscar on his behalf when his health got worse, the actress added: "My father was very, very ill and he could not attend the ceremonies. "He [asked if I] would receive the Oscar on his behalf and when they called his name… it was probably the happiest moment of my life." While the emotional memory demonstrated a clear respect between the parent and child, Jane once discussed with Harper's Bazaar the blunt advice Fonda had given her when she discussed lacking confidence in her appearance. She said in 2011: "I was raised in the Fifties. I was taught by my father that how I looked was all that mattered, frankly. "He was a good man, and I was mad for him, but he sent messages to me that fathers should not send: Unless you look perfect, you're not going to be loved." Jane developed bulimia, something that came from her worry over her looks, as well as her mother Frances Ford Seymour's suicide when she was just 12. She added: "It was in my forties, and if you suffer from bulimia, the older you get, the worse it gets. "It takes longer to recover from a bout. "I had a career, I was winning awards, I was supporting nonprofits, I had a family. I had to make a choice: I live or I die." The Battle of the Bulge airs from 12.05pm on ITV4 today.