Earlier this year, Douglas Henshall shocked Shetland fans by announcing he was leaving the show as detective Jimmy Perez. The BBC series, which returns on Wednesday, August 10, will see Jimmy and his sidekick Tosh (played by Alison O'Donnell) back in full force as they solve their latest mysterious murder. However, speaking in a new interview ahead of series seven, Alison spoke about Douglas' decision to leave the show. "I am honestly bereft," the actress admitted before adding: "Having the privilege of working so closely with Dougie for all these years was an insane luxury." Paying a tribute to her co-star, Alison continued: "I'm trying to be grateful for everything we experienced together rather than focussing on the obvious sadness. "I'm also incredibly proud of what we achieved together, and I know he is too." READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe At the end of series six, fans were left in tears after bosses dropped a huge cliffhanger. The final moments of the episode saw Jimmy and Duncan Hunter (Mark Bonnar) arrested for the death of Donna Killick (Fiona Bell). After convincing Duncan to help her die earlier in the series, it was revealed that Donna had left a note blaming her death on Duncan. She also said in the letter that Duncan’s pal Jimmy was involved in her death. There was also another bombshell at the end of the episode as Tosh discovered she was pregnant. Discussing where the upcoming series picks up, Alison explained: "So, a year has passed and a lot has happened during that time. "Tosh now has a little baby girl and has also been covering for Perez in his absence, so she has been very busy and juggling a lot. "She is completely in love with her baby, which we can see in all of their interactions. DON'T MISS...'Shame on BBC!' Radio 2 listeners 'appalled' by Paul O'Grady departure [REACTION]Richard Madeley announces break from Good Morning Britain [VIDEO]Countryfile slammed by viewers over format shake-up 'Woke nonsense' [INSIGHT] "It's a real wrench to have to leave her every day but it's also important to her to be able to continue with her career which she has worked so hard for and which means so much to her. "She's trying to balance the two identities which I, and I'm sure many other working parents, can really relate to. "She couldn't do any of this without Donnie's (Angus Miller) amazing support but of course, those big changes are challenging for him too. "So we see that all play out over the course of the series." The Tosh star went on to speak about the first instalment of the detective drama, and what fans can expect from it. "This season opens with a missing person," she said. "A young, vulnerable man hasn't returned home and his family are concerned. "The team start to pull the various threads of his life to see if they can uncover any clues as to his whereabouts, and the subsequent unravelling is bigger and more dangerous than any of them could have anticipated." Shetland season 7 premieres on Wednesday, August 10 at 9pm on BBC One.