Liverpool have been urged to make a shock move for Newcastle midfielder Joelinton this summer. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted that time is running out for the club to bring in midfield additions this summer, as the transfer window closes on Thursday. Joelinton has been revitalised in a midfield role since being converted from a striker by Newcastle boss Eddie Howe, and former Liverpool midfielder Didi Hamann believes the Brazilian is the kind of player that the Reds should be targeting. “Regardless of the injuries, I think if you look at Liverpool they have a fantastic goalkeeper, defence and up top they're great as well,” Hamann told GGRecon. “I think they need someone in midfield because they don't get any goals from midfield. Last year I think they got 12 or 13 goals from midfield and I think Fabinho got about seven of them. That means the rest of the midfield scored about five goals between them. They haven't got goals from midfield and I think that's their Achilles heel. “I watched Newcastle United versus Manchester City last week and looking at that I think they need a midfielder with presence. You look at Curtis Jones, Harvey Elliott, Thiago, they're all similar, tidy players, I think they could do with someone like Joelinton from Newcastle. “I think he's someone who's technically gifted, who's a big lad, and has a great strike on him. I think that's the type of player they miss. Whether you can get him now with a few days of the transfer window left to go, I'm not too sure. If there's one area where they could do with a player, it's in midfield.” Klopp admitted in his press conference ahead of the match against Newcastle that he was hoping to sign a midfielder, but that time was not on their side. "Are we after a midfielder? Ish,” Klopp said when asked about potential transfers. “The closer we get to last minute... more likely [they won't come]. DON'T MISS...Scott Parker brutally sacked by Bournemouth after 9-0 Liverpool lossAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star at Man UtdLiverpool team news: Predicted XI vs Newcastle with two changes “I couldn't [give you a name]. It's difficult because for sure there are a few who are right, but there are different issues. [They are] at clubs who don't want to sell, that's how it is. "There's still time but when it's over, whether someone signs or not, I am really happy as it's over and we can just focus on the squad we have. Face the situations we have together. Our fans are active on social media, so they can stop doing that. We have a good football team." Joelinton signed for Newcastle for a then club-record fee of £40m in 2019, and Klopp will be able to get a good look at the Brazilian as his side host the Magpies on Wednesday.