Manchester United’s proposed move for Cody Gakpo may be out of their control as the winger mulls over his future with PSV Eindhoven, according to reports. The Dutch star has emerged as a top target for Erik ten Hag, but the United head coach may be left to wait to see if the Netherlands international will move to the Premier League this summer. The move is complicated by the idea that the 23-year-old is understood to be keen on playing Champions League football. While United have ambitions of finishing in the top four this season, they cannot offer that luxury in 2022-23 after finishing sixth in a turbulent campaign. However, PSV are just one step away from reaching the group stage after overcoming Monaco last week. And the Dutch giants can seal their place in the competition if they get past Rangers in the final play-off round next week — with Gakpo’s future hinging on whether they progress or not. United want a new forward to provide competition for the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford, Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho. READ MORE: Man Utd 'turn attention to £49.6m double transfer swoop' But after scrapping a deal for veteran forward Marko Arnautovic and missing out on Benjamin Sesko, the Red Devils have now registered an interest in Gakpo. PSV are keen to keep their prized asset after Gakpo scored 21 goals last season for Ruud van Nistelrooy’s side. However, they may be powerless to resist an offer in the region of £42million (€50m) if United make a concrete bid this summer, according to The Athletic. It is understood the move will depend on whether Gakpo is convinced about leaving PSV, and the lure of playing in Europe’s top club competition could convince him to stay for another season in the Netherlands. With that in mind, United will be hoping Rangers can overcome the Eredivisie side and send them crashing out, leaving the door open for club officials to begin talks with Gakpo. DON'T MISSMan Utd's Rabiot deal 'not done' as Murtough jets off after meetingMan Utd 'hold talks' over Morata as Ten Hag steps up striker searchMan Utd 'have three right-backs on transfer shortlist' Signing the Netherlands international is part of an all-out offensive launched by United transfer chief John Murtough to bolster Ten Hag’s squad. Talks are ongoing for Juventus star Adrien Rabiot and their revived pursuit of Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is taking shape too. Speculation has also linked the club with Atletico Madrid’s Alvaro Morata as the Red Devils head coach wants to add a new striker to his squad. As it stands, Ten Hag has only been allowed to bring in three new signings in Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez and the 52-year-old will be hoping to add some new players to his squad before the August 31 deadline. But it remains to be seen whether Gakpo will be one of the fresh faces, with his future still up in the air. Big-spending Nottingham Forest are also interested in the forward, although United's guarantee of European football will surely give them an advantage in transfer talks.