Quirky costumes, bizarre cakes, and over-the-top dresses are also becoming the latest trends to hit the wedding scene. It also emerged 29 percent would like a “fantasy wedding”, including the likes of Alice in Wonderland, Game of Thrones, or Star Trek. And the research, commissioned by Peperami, revealed 23 percent would opt for a fast-food theme, with KFC, Pizza Hut, Subway, and McDonalds taking centre stage. But although the idea of a themed wedding appeals to many, eight in ten (79 percent) wouldn’t actually be brave enough to go through with it, instead giving into the usual wedding conventions. Despite this, nearly half (44 percent) think being invited to a themed wedding would make great memories or be a great laugh, and an amusing story to tell their friends. Of those polled, who aren’t married, 83 percent want to get creative with their nuptials should the occasion arise. Pavan Chandra, from meat snacking brand Peperami, said: “As the summer months continue to be crowded with weddings, many of us find it a bit dull to attend these formulaic ceremonies – so it’s no wonder a theme would make it a more memorable and enjoyable day. “While weddings are centred around the bride and groom, they are also about giving their guests an exciting, unforgettable, and entertaining wedding experience, sharing their big day with their loved ones. “The research has shown there’s certainly an appetite for something a bit more unique and expressive of the couple's personality.” The study, carried out via OnePoll, found more than half (54 percent) of all respondents weren’t keen on attending weddings altogether. Key reasons for their reluctance include dreading socialising with people they don’t know, not looking forward to the long day ahead, or thinking the wedding will be dull and boring. Following the findings, Peperami gave one lucky couple their own “Go a Bit Peperami” themed wedding, on 11th August. Pavan Chandra added: “From the dress to the cake and even the decorations, everything was inspired by the moreish meat snacks we create, and featured on @peperamitv. “It was possibly the most outrageous wedding of the year, with the lucky couple having the ultimate celebration which will certainly stand out from the crowd.” TOP 20 WEDDING THEMES ADULTS WOULD LIKE TO ATTEND: