More than 3,000 people have signed a petition demanding more toilets along the beachfront of Cleethorpes, amid growing outrage in the seaside town. A local campaigner, Danny Rising, who started the petition, is warning that the lack of toilet facilities is "putting people off" from staying in the resort town. There are just three working toilets across four miles of the seafront. The petition was launched after "chaos" erupted during an influx of visitors to the east coast resort for the Armed Forces weekend in June. Mr Rising told the BBC: "I personally saw people urinating on the beach, and worse. It's not acceptable. "But people weren't given any choice. "It is keeping people away, it certainly is." JUST IN: Disabled widow ordered to remove pond which helps with her anxiety  In the report, the BBC Look North reporter walked seven minutes to the nearest toilet from the beach only to find out it was closed for maintenance. The reporter said that the next closest toilet is 15 minutes walk away - 22 minutes from her original starting point. According to the petition, the number of toilet facilities in the resort had dropped from seven to four over the past 15 years, and one of those is currently closed for maintenance work. Mr Rising warned that it was hurting the local economy because "people don't stay if they can't find a toilet".  He said: "The current facilities simply are not adequate for where we are told NELC want this town to be, and it is holding back visitors from coming more frequently." Local barman Liam Pungi echoed this: “It’s terrible as a bar that deals in 90 percent drinks. People can’t keep buying drinks because there’s nowhere to go to the toilet.” A woman who needed a disabled toilet said: “I have to go home early as I can’t find a decent toilet, a toilet that meets my needs. "That money is being drained for here. It's a big mistake, they are making." DON'T MISS: Prince William and Kate 'will show Harry and Meghan how it is done' [VIDEO]BBC Weather: Heavy rain set to sweep across UK within days [FORECAST]Nature will recover but will The Blob? asks FREDERICK FORSYTH [COMMENT]  North East Lincolnshire Council said the situation was under review. It says it is in discussion with the owners of former loos to re-open. Councillor Philip Jackson, leader of council, told the BBC: “We believe that for day-to-day use, providing that all the toilets are open, and I accept the fact that you probably had a bad experience today and found that one of them was closed. "When they’re all open and all operational I’m confident that for day-to-day use we do have enough in Cleethorpes." READ NEXT: Portugal issues travel warning affecting thousands - 'avoid flying'Truss and Sunak urged to go on holiday 'We've heard enough!'Tourist in London demands place to stay, a chauffeur and meal for £50Heatwave forecast: How hot will it get today? 12 areas set to pass 30C'We will not to grow crops' Farmers' outrage over drought measures 