Despite fuel prices slowly dropping, they still remain relatively high. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to fork out 172.30p per litre of unleaded and 183.32p per litre of diesel on average. With that in mind, drivers across the UK will be looking to save money wherever they can during the last month of the summer. A car’s air conditioning system is a luxury that many motorists could not go without during hot weather spells. However, using air con burns a lot of fuel and can cause damage to the car. Motoring experts at Scrap Car Comparison, therefore, reminded drivers that there are a few steps that should be taken to ensure that a cool breeze is emitted from the fans when needed. READ MORE: Furious seaside resident left ‘shaking’ after parking row with tourist Dan Gick, managing director of Scrap Car Comparison said: “Your car’s air conditioning system can be a real lifesaver during a heat wave, but it’s important to carry out regular checks throughout the year to ensure everything is working efficiently when the temperatures outside start to rise. “Consult your vehicle’s handbook for further information on the inner workings of your air conditioning system, and stick to the service schedule to ensure any issues are spotted early. “If you do notice that your air conditioning system isn’t working, you should contact a professional technician to carry out checks and any repairs as soon as possible. “A malfunctioning system not only leaves the passengers in your car feeling the heat, but it can also drain power, fuel and lead to an overheating engine.” DON'T MISS Drivers urged to follow little-known money-saving tips [INSIGHT] The Queen has a hilarious nickname for the sat nav in her car [REVEAL]Drivers warned of fines for simple indicator error [WARNING] The experts have also shared some essential things that drivers should do to keep their air-conditioning system in good working order and help save power and fuel while driving in the summer heat. These include: Many drivers will automatically shut down the engine without turning the air conditioning system off, once they’ve reached their destination. READ MORE: Huge overhaul needed to reform 'chaotic and outdated' licensing syste However, doing this can damage the air conditioning system, as the fans continue to run and collect build-ups of dust and bacteria. To avoid this, drivers should switch the air con off after usage to allow the air to remain fresher and the air conditioning system to work more efficiently for longer. Having a working air conditioning system is vital in keeping passengers comfortable, as well as enabling the driver to drive more safely in the summer heat. If motorists are turning their air conditioning system on for the first time in a few months, they may notice that the system is clogged or faulty, leaving both drivers and passengers to suffer in an overheating vehicle. If drivers are noticing a nasty smell when they first turn on their air conditioning in the summer, this could mean that the air con needs a good clean. Dust and liquid can build up in the air conditioning system over time, leading to the car being filled with unpleasant smells. Regular cleaning will also reduce the risk of malfunction over time, which is often caused by the build-up of bacteria, dust and debris. To ensure everything is running correctly and to avoid deterioration over the winter months, it’s recommended that drivers run the air conditioning system in their car for around 10 minutes every week – even in the colder winter months.