However, I’m 100% behind his latest policy idea which is that people be made to pay a £10 fine if they don’t show up for a GP appointment. In fact not only am I behind it, I think the fine should be way more than £10. It should be £50 at the very least reduced to £30 if its paid within a week. Why? Because £30 is what a GP’s appointment costs and a staggering 15M of them are missed every year at vast expense to our cash-strapped NHS. It’s also the height of bad manners NOT to turn up for a GP appointment especially when they’re now as rare as hen’s teeth. It shows a total lack of respect for the doctor and his/her time. It’s selfish but more importantly it deprives people who really need to see the doctor the chance to do so. How hard is it to pick up a phone or email your surgery to say you can't make it? It’s not hard at all but the problem is when something is free – people don’t value it. So, because we don’t get charged to see a doctor here in Britain – some people just don’t appreciate how lucky they are not to live in places like the U.S where people literally die because they can’t afford health insurance. There many businesses where charging for No Shows without at least 24 hours’ notice is standard practice – dentists, physios, hairdressers and restaurants for example. And it’s right they do charge because there are huge cost implications. People running their own businesses - and GP practices ARE a business - have rent to pay, staff wages, utilities. And clients or patients who don’t turn up are costing them time and money. Missed GP’S appointments cost the NHS £288M a year. Missed hospital appointments cost a staggering £1BILLION a year. Think how many operations that money could pay for. How many cancer treatments? How many hip and eye ops? But Thanks to selfish people that money is just going down the drain. What kind of people make medical appointments and then don’t show? Yes, I understand there are sometimes genuine emergencies where people literally can’t cancel their appointments. I understand that an elderly person might not be across social media or able to send emails or texts. But they aren’t the people this scheme would be targeting. It would be the habitual offenders – those people who have form for just not turning up. And Yes, they absolutely SHOULD be fined for abusing what is in effect a privilege - free healthcare at the point of need. Rishi’s scheme would mean someone who misses an appointment once would be given the benefit of the doubt. But if it kept on happening they would be charged. But £10 isn’t enough. It’s not a scary enough deterrent. And before people start screaming that £50 would mean some people wouldn’t be able to eat or pay their bills- that’s nonsense. Doctors would use their discretion. If someone missed an appointment because literally there was no way they could cancel it – the fine would not apply. But it would if it turned out people just couldn’t be bothered to pick up the phone or send a cancellation email. I heard one bloke on the radio this week saying he was trying to cancel a hospital appointment for August 18 because it’s the day of the rail strike and he wouldn’t be able to get there. When the presenter pressed him about how far the hospital was from his home it turned out to be just five miles: “So couldn’t you get a bus?” the presenter asked. Apparently not - that was too much trouble for him. Never mind there’s likely to have been millions of pounds worth of sophisticated medical equipment set up ready to examine this guy not to mention the experienced staff on hand to operate it. Never mind all the resources that had been put into setting up his appointment – he just didn’t fancy getting the bus. That’s the kind of people who should be fined. Of course GPs, most of whom don’t want this scheme, could also do their bit. They could set up a system using SMS or email to make it easier to cancel because we all know waiting for any GP surgery to answer the phones can take half an hour or more and most of us don’t have that kind of time to waste. They could also send people reminders about their appointments two or three days in advance which would allow patients to cancel if they needed to. Some doctors say that instead of fining people they could just remove them from their books – but that’s way harsher than a fine. It would mean sick people might not have access to a doctor when they urgently need one as most surgeries have more patients than they can cope with and aren’t up for taking on new people. Bottom line is whether we like it or not we’re going to have to start paying for stuff in the NHS. We’ve got to stop treating this organisation like it’s a scared cow that can do wrong. It can, it has and it needs reforming because it's unwieldy, disorganised and it wastes money. As for us, the people who use it, far too many of us take it for granted. Every year a staggering 15M general practice slots with GPs, nurses and therapists are missed which amounts to 1.2M wasted GP hours every year - the equivalent of over 600 GP’s working full time for 12 months. Which, thanks to a bunch of selfish, unthinking people, is a totally avoidable waste of doctors’ time and OUR money.