Mattia Binotto has disagreed with Charles Leclerc over the team’s strategy issues in their title fight with Red Bull. Ferrari have been on the wrong end of calls this season which has seemingly cost the team points in their championship battle. In Hungary, the team put Leclerc on hard tyres which lacked pace before pitting him again for softs. The decision saw the Monegasque drop to sixth despite looking capable of challenging for the win. Leclerc slammed the team’s calls for the 'disaster' result, pledging to hold talks with engineers after admitting the strategy “wasn’t the right decision”. It came a week after Ferrari pitted Carlos Sainz in France despite the Spaniard looking safe for a podium. Ferrari has also cost Leclerc points after calls at the Monaco Grand Prix and British Grand Prix backfired. However, When asked if Ferrari needed to make changes to their team after a range of strategy blunders, Binotto denied this was one of the team’s issues. He told Motorsport.com Italy: “First of all, I believe there is always a way to improve, you cannot be perfect and you never will be. I have no doubts about the need to always make progress, we need to improve on aerodynamics, on the chassis, on the power unit, on the strategy and all the aspects that can be improved. READ MORE: Leclerc blasted by ex-Ferrari man for 'starting a fight' with F1 team “That said, I think I have a great team dealing with strategy and I don't think that's our weakness. Races like Monaco, Silverstone or Paul Ricard were judged to be problematic on this front, but I don't see the group as a problem, because I believe we have also made the right decisions. “Silverstone and Paul Ricard: from my point of view I think they were difficult decisions, perhaps unfortunate, but not always wrong. So I don't think it's our weakness right now.” Lewis Hamilton was shocked at Ferrari’s decision to switch to the hard tyres in the cool down room after the race in Hungary. Max Verstappen and George Russell were caught on camera laughing at the decision which cost Leclerc a chance to close the championship gap before the summer break. DON'T MISSHonda explain Charles Leclerc gap to Max Verstappen  [INSIGHT]Leclerc heeds Hamilton advice as F1 ace sends message to Verstappen [ANALYSIS]Ferrari 'axe' possible as Ralf Schumacher slams team's Hungary tactics [COMMENT] The decision ensured Verstappen took the win and extended his advantage over Leclerc to 80 points. The shock decisions have prompted calls from pundits for Ferrari to change their strategy team for the second half of the campaign. However, Binotto has also denied this was a possibility. The Ferrari boss added: “If I look again at the balance of the first half of the season, there is no reason why we should change.”