Locals have been taking to Twitter to share images of the possible blaze, which is reportedly near the A34. Robert Knight (@rupert_airbear) posted a picture, and wrote: "Big fire near the centre of Birmingham this morning. I'm hearing it's near the A34?" Another person shared a video showing huge plumes of smoke rising into the sky. Twitter user "L U C K Y" (@lucky_bhx) wrote alongside this: "This is huge!"    West Midlands Fire Service said it was called to reported of a fire on Princip Street, Newtown just before 7am. Nine fire engines and 50 firefighters rushed to the scene to find a large factory fire. Firefighters expect to be in the area for "some time". West Midlands Fire Service said in a statement: "We were called to reports of a fire on Princip Street, Newtown, Birmingham at 6.48am on Sunday 7 August.  "We mobilised nine fire engines and two hydraulic platforms. "Crews arrived to find a large factory fire. "We expect to be in the area for some time, managing the incident and making the scene safe. "There is a lot of smoke, so please keep all windows and doors in the area closed." READ MORE: Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%'  West Midlands Fire Service said firefighters are in attendance at a blaze in Newtown, and urged everyone to avoid the area. The fire service tweeted: "We are currently in attendance at a fire in Newtown, Birmingham city centre. "Please avoid the area and allow us to keep it, and you, safe." West Midlands Fire Service followed this up with a more detailed update, which said there is a "large factory fire" at Princip Street in the city centre. DON'T MISS‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets [LATEST]Smart meter: Expert reveals 'much bigger role' they play [ADVICE]Anger as shopper brands Sunday trading hours 'outdated joke' [REPORT]  A large amount of smoke is coming from the blaze, with locals urged to remain cautious. It tweeted: "We have a number of fire engines at a large factory fire at Princip Street, Birmingham city centre. "There is a large amount of smoke in the area-please close your windows to keep yourselves safe. "If you're heading into Birmingham for #B2022 please allow extra travel time." West Midlands Police said a fire has broken out at a derelict factory fire at the junction of Princip Street and Lancaster Street. Road closures are in place, with the police also asking motorists to avoid the area.  It tweeted: "We're currently helping with road closures as @WestMidsFire deal with a fire at a derelict factory fire at the junction of Princip Street and Lancaster Street. "B4114 Newtown Row is closed from Lancaster Circus. Drivers should avoid the area. Updates will follow." UK Health Security Agency West Midlands also urged motorists travelling through the area to keep their windows shut. It tweeted: "Motorists who have to travel through the smoke from the fire at Princip Street Birmingham city centre, should keep windows closed, turn off air conditioning and keep their air vents closed." 