Manchester United are reportedly merely keeping tabs on Memphis Depay’s situation at present and don’t appear to have made much progress on a deal at the current moment in time. The Barcelona star has emerged as a potential replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo at Old Trafford. And it’s unclear if he’ll be following Antony to the club, with the Brazil international poised to move to the Premier League in a huge £84million deal. Manchester United have been linked with Depay at a time where the player’s Barcelona future is up in the air. The La Liga giants have strengthened their attack since landing the Netherlands international from Lyon 12 months ago, with Ferran Torres, Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang all signing in the time since. Depay previously spent 18 months at United earlier in his career and has been tipped to return to his old side, particularly given Ronaldo’s situation. But The Athletic say that, currently, the Red Devils are merely ‘keeping tabs’ on both the 28-year-old and Aubameyang, who has also been linked. With United on the verge of snapping up Antony in a huge £84m deal, it’s unclear if they’ll decide to bolster their attacking options further. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Much may depend on Ronaldo and what happens with the Portugal international, however. The veteran only returned to United last year, turning down Manchester City while believing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could steer the Red Devils to the Premier League title. But despite Ronaldo netting an impressive 24 goals across all competitions, he couldn’t prevent his side from finishing sixth in the table. The 37-year-old has been left underwhelmed by Erik ten Hag so far and wants to play in the Champions League as he enters the twilight years of his career. Ronaldo has found himself benched for three of the club’s four Premier League matches this term, while he toiled in their 4-0 defeat to Brentford just over two weeks ago. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Publicly, Ten Hag has insisted he wants the former Real Madrid and Juventus star to stay. Yet it’s believed he privately thinks otherwise and is open to cutting Ronaldo loose providing the club, and the player, receive the right offers. Only if Ronaldo joins would Depay, feasibly, make a shock move back to Old Trafford. But it’s something that’s not advanced, with Antony due to jet in to Manchester for his medical today. Twice last year, Depay was asked about his time at United and where things went wrong. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. In May, he said:  “[Lyon] will be in my heart, a part of my life. I thought about adding a tattoo: a souvenir or a date. Coming here was a great decision. "People would say to me: ‘But why are you leaving Manchester United? A new coach will arrive, you in the biggest club in the world…’ "In their place, I would have been sad to see a player wasting good years by staying at a big club and playing too little. "There, I lost my joy, and my football. Here, I found them.” Then, in August, he stated: "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong. The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here