Many Britons will be looking for ways to save money on the food shop which is one of the biggest household expenditures alongside energy bills. The average UK family spends over £470 a year on food that is thrown in the bin - money that could be put to better use elsewhere. Natalia Lachim told Express.co.uk how meal planning and wasting less food can have a significant impact on food bills. Planning the week’s meals in advance leads to less waste which could add up to savings of £470 a year - which could really help with the cost of living right now. Ms Lachim said: “Like everyone, especially at the moment with the cost of living rising, I want to save money where I can. “I try to be sustainable so I do try and avoid things like unnecessary food waste.” READ MORE: PIP: The 10 myths preventing people from claiming £627 a month The mum of two young children also works as a budgeting expert for Discount Code and has a background in finance. She explained: “I was working in finance as a budget analyst for business, reviewing budgets and making recommendations for different projects and departments. “When I had a family, I realised those skills were very handy for my home life, and I became more interested in personal budgeting, and how I could share those skills with other people.” With supermarket prices at their highest since 2008, Natalie says families are facing an average annual increase of £454, or just under £40 a month. DON'T MISSGoodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [UPDATE]State pension age set to rise to 68 - are you affected? [WARNING]State pensioners on track for bumper pay rise as inflation hits 10.1% [ALERT]Thrifty dad who saved £10,000 shares his extreme money saving tips [INSIGHT] Natalia suggested: “Make a meal plan at the start of the week and stick to it. “A lot of people will just buy whatever they fancy at the supermarket and inevitably end up wasting a lot of food because they haven't thought about how they'll use the ingredients they've bought. “If you stick to a plan, you'll only buy exactly what you need, and spend less.” In addition, people can search for a food club near them and save up to £65 a month. A Minister from Plymouth told Express.co.uk how demand for his food club has quadrupled since it opened just four months ago. Unlike food banks, food clubs are open to everyone and allow people to purchase supermarket food nearing its sell-by-date for a much lower price. Britons from all walks of life are relying on the food club in Davenport to make savings by supplementing their weekly food shop. A woman from Bristol also told Express.co.uk how she makes big savings by adopting one savvy savings tip. “It’s open to anyone and you pay £3.50 a week and it’s what supermarkets are about to throw away. “They bring it to a food club and you can pick what you want from different stations. “I reckon each week I get about £20 to £25 worth of stuff for £3.50 and you never know what you are getting." Do you have a personal finance story or money saving tip to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from you. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 