When it comes to losing weight, people might think they have to spend hours in the gym or going from one extreme diet to another. But Dr Michael Mosley revealed he found a simple way to promote rapid weight loss that takes "just a minute". The nutritionist has always been a firm believer in rapid weight loss techniques, having created his 5:2 diet and The Fast 800. And by following plans like this alongside an "easy" method every day, he revealed people can achieve their goals faster. It's a strategy he calls it "exercise snacking", and refers to short bursts of exercise as and when a person can do them. This is convenient for people who have hectic, busy work and life schedules. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake If people are unable to get to the gym or have time for a full-blown home workout, it can lead to lack of motivation and weight gain. But full of tips to help slimmers shed weight easily, Dr Mosley stated this method is ideal for those who struggle to fit exercise into their everyday lives. Speaking on his podcast Just One Thing, he revealed that doing multiple short bursts of exercise during the day is more effective than trying to fit it all into a full workout. He explained: "Doing exercise in short chunks really can help you burn more calories, lose more weight, and help improve your blood glucose and blood pressure to a greater degree than doing it in larger chunks." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Stairs are a particularly good way of getting in a few exercise snacks," he added. "The surprising thing about exercise snacking is that although each session is short, it gives you the same – possibly even greater – fitness and health benefits than doing a full 30-minute workout." Dr Mosley revealed this simple weight loss hack "can really help" people wanting to shed some poundage, if paired with other lifestyle changes, such as following a rapid weight loss method. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim It's one that has been found to be "more effective" for weight loss, but he warned people it does come with some rules. Speaking during an appearance on Studio 10 in 2019, he discussed why rapid weight loss is better than other, slower techniques. "The scientists have been telling me for some time now that you can be better off doing rapid weight loss diet and that is doing 800 calories a day," he said. He referenced two big UK studies that examined this with groups of more than 300 people. One group was allocated a rapid weight loss diet and the other on a normal slower paced one. "It was those that did the rapid weight loss that lost the most weight - 10kg sustained over two years. "The other lot didn't lose much weight and they put it on again," he explained. "So it turns what you believe on its head. "There's another big study out of Oxford that says that and an even bigger study coming out of Australia that will say that."