The Fall continues to enthrall viewers and since it wrapped up in 2016, the show has been dropped on Netflix UK and BBC iPlayer over the years since then. The British-Irish series has become a classic crime drama and fans have lots of questions about the show - Express.co.uk has the main plot points from The Fall finale. Stella tried to interrogate Spector The finale started with Stella Gibson (played by Gillian Anderson) and Tom Anderson (Colin Morgan) trying to get under the skin of Paul Spector (Jamie Dornan) in a bid to get him to confess to his crimes. Stella mentioned the abuse he'd suffered at a boys’ home at the hands of a priest. She was attempting to get Paul to confess to his first killing back in London when he was Peter Baldwin. Fans learnt Spector later moved to Belfast and changed his name and built a new life for himself. READ MORE: The Fall season 4 Netflix release date: Will there be another series? Spector kept trying to claim he had no memory Since being shot at the end of season two, Spector claimed he’d lost his memory. He said he was “intrigued” by Paul Spector and had read about this person he was supposed to be. Stella was convinced Spector was hiding behind the mask of amnesia and kept her cool as she planned to take him down. She knew it was all just a performance and Spector just wanted attention. In a shocking scene, Spector attacked Stella brutally as well as Tom, breaking the latter's arm. Luckily, it became clear Spector was faking his amnesia with CT scans showing no brain damage. He was trying to play his psychiatrist as well, but it wasn’t clear if he’d succeeded. READ MORE: The Fall season 3 explained: What happened to Tom Anderson? Spector had a troubling past Fans discovered more about Spector’s past and how he would lay out the clothes of his mother on his bed as a child – much like he’d done with one of the murder victims – because it aroused him. He said he used to get hold of female underwear and use it as a pleasuring aid in his teen years. Nonetheless, some fans are still trying to understand why Spector was killing people. READ MORE: Jamie Dornan height: How tall is The Fall star Jamie Dornan? Katie Benedetto Katie Benedetto (Aisling Franciosi) was in a juvenile detention centre and self-harming while being held there. Prior to ending up there, she had been aiding Spector and having an affair with him. Stella went to see the teen and tried to convince her Spector didn’t care about her. However, it wasn’t apparent whether Katie took in Stella’s words but she did seem to be moved by the detective opening up about her self-harm and father’s death. DON'T MISS...Gillian Anderson husband: Is X-Files and The Fall star married? [PROFILE]The Fall ending explained: What happened at the end of The Fall? [INSIGHT] Jamie Dornan wife: Is The Fall and Fifty Shades star married? [EXPLAINER] Paul Spector killed himself His demise was foreshadowed at the start of the episode when Stella said death would be “an easy escape” for Spector and allow him to “cheat the system”. However, Spector soon realised the only way out was to kill himself. But before then, he planned to cause much death and destruction by attacking his psychiatrist. He also killed another patient at the facility he was being held at. Spector then took his own life in a similar manner to one of his victims, meaning he would evade justice forever. Sadly, this mean Spector's children were on the verge of being orphans after it looked like Sally Ann Spector (Bronagh Waugh) could also be close to death. READ MORE: Jamie Dornan children: Does Jamie Dornan have children? Rose Stagg was reunited with her family Spector’s victim Rose Stagg (Valene Kane) was seen at home with her family again after being found in time after her horrifying kidnap ordeal at the start of the season. She was reading a fairytale to her daughter which seemed to have a more violent ending than more saccharine versions. Stella Gibson moves on to a new case The Fall ended with Stella by herself, drinking a large glass of wine as she tried to contemplate the Spector case. There was a hint she could be moving on to another case while disgraced officer Jim Burns stepped down from his position due to his drinking problem. There has been no news on whether there will be another season of The Fall focusing on Stella, the show's creator Allan Cubbit previously hinted there could be a return for his iconic detective. The creator said: “Gillian is up for playing Stella forever, she says, but… she loves the character, and because of the way I work, it’s not that there’s not a lot more to explore in Gibson’s character beyond the third season, because I’m not." She added to the Radio Times: “I’m not the sort of writer who seeks to explain things away in a simple kind of way." The show put actor Dornan on the map with the star going on to feature in the Fifty Shades film trilogy and more recently featured in BBC drama The Tourist. While Anderson has starred in Netflix comedy-drama Sex Education as well as the First Lady series. The Fall is streaming on BBC iPlayer now /showbiz/tv-radio/1324939/The-fall-stella-gibson-exit-return-paul-spector-killed-bbc-video