Callum Hudson-Odoi and Armando Broja were both absent from Chelsea’s training session on Tuesday, with rumours about where their futures lie intensifying. The duo have been linked with both loan and permanent exits, though it is yet to become clear whether either will depart. Thomas Tuchel was vocal at the start of the summer about his desire to reshuffle his squad, and the arrival of new owner Todd Boehly has certainly allowed for that to be the case. The Blues have welcomed several top signings to their ranks, and continue to work on other deals. Everton star Anthony Gordon and Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana are two of Chelsea’s top targets and deals are being worked on. Meanwhile, talks are continuing with Barcelona to bring Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang back to the Premier League. The imminent influx of arrivals has led to some of Chelsea’s fringe players questioning where their futures lie. According to football.london, Broja and Hudson-Odoi – who have both been linked with moves elsewhere – did not attend an open training session on Tuesday at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Man Utd: Ten Hag made history vs Liverpool and picks out double act West Ham were previously interested in signing Broja this summer, though Chelsea pulled the plug on the move as they are not willing to let the striker depart on a permanent basis. The Albania international was thought to be carrying a knock last week that ruled him out of the match against Leeds, and that may have been the reason for his absence. Ben Jacobs reports that Everton are now amongst the suitors for Broja, with Frank Lampard considering a loan move for the centre-forward who impressed on loan at Southampton last season. It does not appear that the move would coincide with Gordon going in the other direction, though one would assume it would put the Toffees in a favourable position to secure their target. Meanwhile, Hudson-Odoi has been linked with moves to other Premier League outfits as well as abroad, with the player keen to move elsewhere and guarantee himself regular opportunities. The versatile playmaker is yet to feature for Chelsea this season, despite his ability to play as a wing-back whilst Tuchel awaits defensive signings. The Telegraph report that Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen are keen to sign the 21-year-old on a season-long loan, though other sides are keeping tabs on his situation. Fellow German outfit Borussia Dortmund are also keen on Hudson-Odoi, whilst Newcastle and Southampton have both reportedly expressed an interest in the Chelsea academy graduate.