Homes Under the Hammer visited Great Yarmouth in a recent episode, where Tommy Walsh looked around a property with great potential to become the “ideal seaside home”. The traditional mid-terrace Victorian property had a guide price of £90,000-£100,000, which one buyer saw as an opportunity to snap up at auction to get started on her first ever renovation. While the house was dark, worn out, and dingy throughout, the “magnificent space” made for an interesting project for amateur Sandra, who purchased the property with a successful bid of £116,000. The period home was located just a stone’s throw away from the beach, down a long road lined with terraced houses. With a dated exterior featuring black window decor and an old brown front door, the property didn’t look too inviting to presenter Tommy Walsh. However, he was pleasantly surprised by the spacious layout when he stepped into the property. Despite some wall staining and issues with the radiators, the famous TV personality explained that he “loved the space” which was an open-plan living and dining area. EAD MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients A dated kitchen and “lean-to” extension were located at the back of the terraced house, which Tommy said needed to be ripped out in their poor state. At the very back of the house, there was a small paved section that oozed potential to become a “zen” space for future tenants or buyers. Upstairs, the presenter was met with a messy but inviting staircase and hallway which was filled with natural light. While the property was advertised as a three to four-bedroom home, the fourth bedroom was hard to spot in the odd layout. Throughout the house, there was half-finished wallpaper and almost no flooring to be seen other than exposed wooden floorboards. Half-ripped paint and papering adorned the walls which were ready to be completely stripped back to create a blank canvas for buyer Sandra to work on. After quitting her career in finance, this house was her first-go at making property development her full-time job. With a budget of £25,000 and a £5,000 contingency, Sandra hoped to do the property up and sell it on in four to five months with the help of her mum, Barbara. DON'T MISS:'Serious nuisance': 5 ways to stop squirrels from eating tomato plant [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [ANALYSIS]'Very valuable': Smart tech to add more than £2k to your home's value [REVEAL]  Six months later, Tommy re-visited the property which Sandra had been busy working on to find a completely refurbished and modernised home in place of the dated Victorian terrace. Outside, the house had been painted a chic grey with a black gate and fencing to replace the rusty red which stood in front of the property before the renovation. White, grey, navy blue, and natural oak wood had been used throughout the property for a modern yet classic finish. A clean white bathroom replaced the rundown fittings and a brand new kitchen had been installed at the back of the house. The “stylish” modernisation was well-thought-out while being clean and inviting. Upstairs, the fourth bedroom had been established with new stud walls and independent access to the bathroom through a new hallway. Sandra and Barbara told Tommy how they had "rescued" the home and were pleased with the end results. In June 2022, a property expert was invited back to the dark and dingy property to value it for the market. On his return to the terraced home, Chris Bailey of Auction House East Anglia estimated a sale price of around £200,000. This would give Sandra a pre-tax profit of £52,000 based on the total purchase and renovation costs.