After expressing his upset about the BBC's decision to axe the traditional football results, Eamonn Holmes discussed the history of the sporting results slot. The British broadcaster spoke of James Alexander Gordon a BBC presenter who read the classified football results for almost 40 years. Many former BBC presenters and sports fans have been slamming the BBC's latest choice. Mr Holmes said: "The Express saying it's a BBC own goal... What they're doing is, well they've already done it, they've axed the traditional football results run through on the radio. "So I don't know about that, let's go to Paul Coyte for this one. I mean Saturday the football results, here are the classified football results, they used to be with James Alexander Gordon." Broadcaster Paul Coyte told GB News: "Exactly, yeah!" Mr Holmes added: "What's the reason given for this?" Mr Coyte said: "I have absolutely no idea, I think they're saying that the five-thirty kick-off's on a Saturday is the reason. "That's when they do the football results, I mean get me wrong but isn't it possible to maybe move the classified maybe five minutes earlier or ten minutes?  JUST IN: Supermum of seven boys describes hectic life-changing 175 nappies a week     "It's just crazy, I don't know whether they're just doing it for the sake of it, I really don't understand it. "Everybody wants to know what the scores are, you listen to it to hear what everybody's done. "Do they think that, 'oh you know this goes on a little bit longer, we may lose listeners' it's the football results for crying out loud? It just doesn't make sense, I think it's crazy." Mr Holmes added: "A decision taken by somebody who doesn't understand football." Mr Coyte said: "You know what, there's a lot of that, that goes on in a lot of the media it's a lot of people that don't understand sport and don't get it at all. "And they don't understand the point of it and just think well, I can't see that anybody would want to hear..."  READ MORE: Boris Johnson misled Parliament, claims Downing Street ex-staff in investigation     There have been many changes to the BBC and it has been bringing much backlash from the public. This latest decision to scrap results has caused a tremendous outpouring of discontent from BBC listeners. The BBC has been running the classified results since 1948, and many listeners have grown up listening to them. Former BBC presenters have been sharing their opinions on the new change.  DON’T MISS: 'Electoral suicide note!' Raab takes aim at tax-cutting Truss and issues warning to Tories[INSIGHT]Russian attack threatens to send radioactive cloud over Europe [REVEAL]Joe Biden travels to flood-ravaged Kentucky to find ‘heartbreaking’ destruction [SPOTLIGHT]    Former BBC presenter Des Lynam slammed the decision to scrap the results. Mr Lynam said:  “It has been going for 50 to 60 years so why change it at all? It feels like change for change's sake. It's tradition and I guess traditions come and go but I know that the older people will miss it greatly. "It was part of the Saturday night routine. You would get into the car after the game and the scores would come on.” READ NEXT