A stroke is characterised by a cut-off blood supply to part of your brain. Obviously, prevention is better than cure. What’s more, surprising study results suggest that milk could stave off the condition. Whether you drink it on its own or add a splash to your tea, milk is one of the most common grocery products out there. While this cold drink has been linked to high cholesterol due its saturated fat content, which represents a risk factor for a stroke, studies challenge this view. Nataly Komova, RD and fitness expert at JustCBD, said: “Different studies indicate that milk can reduce the risk of metabolic syndrome, which contains risk factors that increase proneness to stroke, type 2 diabetes, and stroke. “Milk is a dairy product with casein content, which improves calcium absorption rate to help reduce platelet aggregation.” READ MORE: Taking two vitamin supplements together found to increase cancer risk by almost 30% - BMJ What’s more, there’s also a study, published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health, echoing the benefits of milk on stroke risk. Looking at 665 middle-aged men, the researchers asked the study subjects to weigh themselves and record their food intake for seven days. The research team then tracked the number of strokes and heart disease cases that occurred during a follow-up period of 20 years. The study found that those who drank more than the median amount of milk had a “reduced risk” of the medical emergency.  Furthermore, the research also reported that milk could also be linked to a lower risk of an ischaemic heart disease event. The milk consumed in the study was either whole or full-fat milk. The authors explained: "The present perception of milk as harmful, in increasing cardiovascular risk, should be challenged, and every effort should be made to restore it to its rightful place in a healthy diet.” Another reason why milk could be beneficial for you is its vitamin and calcium content. READ MORE: How often do you ejaculate? The number that may slash your risk of prostate cancer by 33% Furthermore, a study, published in the European Heart Journal, suggests that other dairy products might also be beneficial. This major study looked at more than 400,000 men and women from nine European countries. Similarly to the previous research, the participants’ diet was assessed using food questionnaires. The findings suggested that having more milk, cheese and yoghurt could cut the risk of a stroke. For every extra glass of milk drank in a day, the risk of an ischaemic stroke dropped. A small pot of yoghurt saw even a greater reduction than milk, measured at nine percent. When it comes to the amount of milk you should drink, the research suggests that the men who drank at least 200ml of milk had a lower risk of stroke. Komova added: “To reap the benefits, I recommend having 100g of low-fat dairy per day.”