While they may not offer the best interest rates, premium bonds are popular savings accounts because they offer savers the chance to win £1million every month. But could Britons' love affair with premium bonds be over and would they be better off  investing their hard-earned money elsewhere? Anyone can win a prize between £25 and £1million in the NS&I premium bonds monthly prize draw and two new millionaires are crowned every month. Although premium bonds are popular because of the promise of cash prizes, experts have questioned whether they are a good option when it comes to savings accounts. The nearest thing premium bonds have to an interest rate is their annual prize rate, which is currently 1.4 percent, a rate which can easily be beaten elsewhere. The best regular savings accounts are currently offering up to five percent interest, although there are limits on how much people can put away every month. READ MORE: Single mum’s money saving tip could save £3,500 Founder of Equilibrium Financial Planning, Colin Lawson recently advised Britons to end their "love affair" with NS&I Premium Bonds. He said that savers who bought the maximum £50,000 in Premium Bonds 25 years ago had instead invested in a basket of global equities, they would now have a pot worth £418,938. Money saving expert founder Martin Lewis advised people to weigh up their options before deciding whether premium bonds were for them. He concluded: “If you won't earn over the personal savings allowance, and have average luck, Premium Bonds are unlikely to beat top savings accounts.” DON'T MISSUniversal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Online bank threat as families lose ‘mind-boggling sums’ [WARNING]Barclays issues urgent warning as scam could land you in prison [ALERT]PIP claim: Man receives £9,000 from DWP for mental health disorder [INSIGHT] How do I buy Premium Bonds? READ MORE: State pensioners with one of 56 health conditions could claim £4428   Meanwhile, Britons could be sitting on £74million pounds in unclaimed premium bonds prizes. Anyone who has previously bought premium bonds should check if they’ve won via the prize checker tool on the NS&I website. Alternatively, they can download the NS&I prize checker app for Google or Apple - or ask Alexa. They could have missed the winning notification if they have moved house or forgotten about old bonds.     The good news is that it’s never too late to claim a prize. On the NS&I website, it says: “You never need to worry about an unclaimed prize. “We’ll hold on to it until you get in touch with us.” The next Premium Bonds prize draw will take place on Thursday, September 1. 