As fraud continues to rise, Britons are reminded to stay vigilant when online and receiving any random calls or texts.Unfortunately, a couple has fallen victim to an impersonation scam that left them thousands down. Impersonation scams happen when a fraudster contacts individuals pretending to be from their bank, the police, or another trusted organisation to convince them to send them money. On the Santander website, it explains that these types of scams create a sense of urgency - a reason to panic to stop people from thinking straight. If in doubt, Britons are urged to drop the call, and call the organisation back after a few minutes to avoid falling victim. The couple were initially telephoned by a fraudster posing to be an officer from the Met Police. READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance claimants risk losing £370 a month by failing to report changes to DWP They couple are relatives of a Boston Borough Council worker. Peter Hunn, the council’s community safety manager, said: “The victims have been left deeply saddened, distressed, and feeling vulnerable following this crime. “Fraud can have devastating effects on victims. “It is not just the loss of money, it can leave people who once were trusting of others in authority, deeply affected emotionally and for some the effects can be felt for a long time. READ MORE: HSBC increases interest rates on savings account - full list of changes “Anyone can fall victim to fraud. "The criminals operate in a way where they are extremely convincing and even the most trusting of people, as we have seen with this case, can sadly be taken in by the professional scam tactics they use to get honest and law-abiding people to part with their money.” Britons are reminded that if they think they have been a victim of fraud, they should contact the police and their bank immediately. It’s important that as much information is shared about these crimes and the tactics used to help raise awareness and prevent others from becoming victims. On their website, Santander offer examples of what may constitute as impersonation fraud. They explained that fraudsters will use a variety of methods to contact people, so “always be cautious and check that the request is genuine,” it stated. Fraudsters may try and contact people though their social media or by calling them or sending a text. Telephone, text, or email It states: “This is when someone contacts you claiming to be someone they’re not, for example your bank, Amazon, HMRC, a parcel company, or even the police. Fraudsters want you to act urgently and try to pressure you into clicking a link, revealing your security details, or to transfer or withdraw your money.” Social media Fraudsters send messages or make contact through messaging services like WhatsApp, direct messages, Facebook and any social media platform. They may pretend to be a friend or loved one in need of help.