It explains why the asylum system is now costing taxpayers a remarkable £2 billion a year. Officials now believe that many of those arriving on our shores come from Albania, a stable European country although a relatively poor one. There is nothing inherently wrong with seeking to make a new life for yourself in a land that offers greater opportunities. Many British citizens or their recent ancestors moved to the UK for precisely this reason and helped create the great country we are fortunate to live in today. But they came here legally. Those who pay criminal gangs to ferry them across the Channel belong in a different category. Many have been encouraged to make a hazardous journey by ruthless people smugglers telling lies about the life that awaits them. The best way of stopping this despicable enterprise is to make it clear that our laws will be enforced. There are also, of course, genuine refugees seeking asylum in the UK. We must work with our European partners to ensure help is given to those who need it, with every country doing their part. However, the Government is right to take tough action to deter people from making the Channel crossing on small boats and must ensure the nation’s borders are protected.  We’re braced for bad news on Saturday, when the latest household energy price cap is announced. It will provide an indication of how high bills will rise in October. But that will be far from the end of the misery inflicted on households. Energy consultancy Auxilion has predicted that the annual cost of gas and electricity could rise to almost £7,000 in April, up from £1,400 last October. This is a terrifying prospect. Very few of us have that much money going spare, or can find it simply by cutting back on luxuries. The UK will have a new Prime Minister in just over a week. Their mission is to deal with rising energy bills and the cost of living crisis more widely. This really is an emergency. Congratulations to everyone who received GCSE results this week. Many will be celebrating well-deserved high grades. There are also some pupils every year who are disappointed with their results. They must not panic. Our society is full of people who didn’t succeed at school as well as they would have liked, but went on to do great things with their lives. 