Amelia Spencer (played by Daisy Campbell) was stunned when she discovered she was pregnant in Emmerdale, but she is determined to raise her unborn baby to the best of her ability. While the identity of the baby's father remains unknown, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) has been nothing but supportive of Amelia. In upcoming scenes, Amelia is set to ask Noah to run away with her to London - but could her plan to start a new life drastically backfire? ITV soap spoilers have revealed Amelia will tell Noah she really appreciates how he has attended her baby scan with her and been by her side in recent weeks. She is later beaming from ear to ear when she and Noah make their relationship official. However, the teenager is worried her father Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) will never accept Noah, who was released from prison earlier this year. Determined to make her relationship work with Noah, she asks him to flee the village and start afresh in London. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5  Unfortunately for Amelia, Noah is against her brash plan and decides not to join her in the capital. Amelia remains dead set on going through with her plan, but will Noah be able to convince her to stay in Yorkshire? Matters take a turn for the worse when Dan learns from Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) that he has overheard Amelia's plans to do a runner. Dan is filled with panic and is concerned his daughter has already gone through with it when a bus pulls away from Emmerdale.   Will it be too late for Dan to convince his daughter to remain in the village or was she not on the bus which left? Could a desperate Dan hold Amelia captive in a bid to keep her close? Or will Noah kidnap his girlfriend to prevent her from running away? They will have to think carefully before doing anything they may later regret. Perhaps it would be best if Amelia explained she was in a relationship with Noah to her father. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Lisa Riley confesses she'll never marry fiancé Al [LATEST]Lucy Pargeter husband: Is Emmerdale’s Chas Dingle star married? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale's Amelia Flanagan addresses rivalry with soap sister  [UPDATE] While he does not approve of Noah at the moment, he may warm to him if he gives him a chance. Amelia has enough of her plate already as she is counting down the days until she gives birth, so will Dan be able to accept Noah for her sake? Amelia actress recently opened up about her pregnancy storyline to Inside Soap, explaining: "I've always said my dream storyline would be really challenging. "Rosie Bentham did such an amazing job with her character being pregnant last year and I thought, 'I'd love to do something similar.'  "Me and Liam [Fox, who plays Dan] discussed it, then pitched it to our producer Kate Brooks, and a few months later she told us it was happening." The actress revealed she is well aware of the who baby's father is, but still could not give away his identity. She teased: "You're going to know very soon and all I'll say is that I don't think it's someone people will expect." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 