Tottenham have enjoyed a busy summer with no less than six new faces joining the club during the transfer window. Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison, Clement Lenglet and Djed Spence have already arrived through the entrance of White Hart Lane. Despite significantly strengthening the squad, Antonio Conte is said to still be keen to bring in more new names and Express Sport has taken a look at who they might be. Memphis Depay Reports have linked the Dutch international with a return to the Premier League with Spurs reportedly among the favourites alongside fierce rivals Arsenal. Depay is likely to be sold by Barcelona as he has just one year left on his contract and the club are struggling under financial fair play regulations. He has previously spent two seasons in the Premier League with Manchester United but seriously struggled, scoring just twice in the competition. Josko Gvardiol Spurs are just one of a number of clubs linked with the young Croatian international following a tremendous first season with RB Leipzig. Tottenham have reportedly made contact with the German club over a transfer for the left sided centre-half however a fee in excess of £50m is said to be put on his services. The North London club face stern competition from Chelsea for his signature and it may transpire that Levy misses out on his services. It appears more likely that Spurs may make a move for the promising defender next summer - after the short-term loan deal for Clement Lenglet expires. JUST IN: Leeds face two significant hurdles to secure transfer for Charles De Ketelaere alternative Anthony Gordon It has been widely reported that Tottenham are hoping to raid Everton again after signing Brazilian international Richarlison in a £60m deal. The club are reportedly willing to trade some of the current members of their squad including Harry Winks for the player who is also interesting Newcastle. However, it is unlikely that the Toffee’s will sanction a move for another one of their top talents to the Lilywhites given the negative reaction it would receive on Merseyside. READ MOREChelsea have new 'top target' after RB Leipzig reject swap deal bidMan Utd 'open' to another new signing as well as De Jong and a strikerLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has hinted he will rethink transfer plans Nicolo Zaniolo The Roma midfielder was linked with a move to White Hart Lane earlier in the window with the club’s managing director Fabio Paratici offering centre-back Joe Rodon plus £25m in exchange for the Italian. The offer was rejected by Jose Mourinho but Conte could look to return for the 23-year-old before the September 1st deadline as he looks to add more creativity to his side. The Europa Conference champions are said to be holding out for an offer of around £40m which may just be too much for the club given their previous expenditure.