However, more than a quarter (27 percent) admit they aren’t as active as they should be – despite easily being able to be. Lack of motivation (29 percent), tiredness (28 percent), and not having enough time (26 percent), were cited as the top reasons for this. And being inactive for so long leaves adults feeling bored (32 percent), unhealthy (32 percent) – and ironically, tired (29 percent). The research was commissioned by Babybel, which teamed up with Josie Gibson to hit the streets of Sittingbourne in a bid to get the nation moving again – temporarily renaming the town to “Standingbourne”. A spokesman for the UK’s favourite cheese snack brand said: “It’s not easy to remain active off the back of busy summer holidays, especially when research shows just how long we spend sitting still all day. “As part of our Active Living Challenge, Sittingbourne was renamed to Standingbourne to show how small changes to everyday routines can make a difference.” Two-thirds of Brits would like to be more physically active than they currently are, but 35 percent claim it’s harder to do this as they get older. When quizzed on the length of exercise, 61 percent said they’d be more likely to do it if it lasted a shorter amount of time. And two-thirds (65 percent) would be more inclined to do something active if it was fun. Nearly seven in ten say they moved more as a child compared to now, and 42 percent of those with kids say their little ones help them to keep moving. Wednesday is the day when Brits are most active (16 percent), although the average adult tries to get their blood pumping five times a week. The study also found 83 percent of adults sit still for up to 12 hours a day. Cleaning the house (32 percent), gardening (29 percent), and walking up and down the stairs (22 percent) were deemed the top “everyday activities” which get them moving the most. But 35 percent claim they are more active when they are at work, according to the OnePoll study. Health (36 percent) and personal goals (25 percent) are among the top inspirational triggers for getting the heart racing. But more than a third (37 percent) deem themselves to be their biggest inspiration for getting fit. The Babybel spokesman added: “It’s great to see that children are one of the factors keeping their parents active. “It’s also interesting that the majority of the nation want exercise to be in short, fun bursts instead of long workouts. “We want to encourage families to make small tweaks to their routines during the back-to-school period, to get the whole family moving. “Our top tips are all easy and bite-sized activities to get everyone up and off their seats.” For more information about the campaign, visit here. TOP 10 BABYBEL ACTIVE LIVING CHALLENGE TIPS: