BBC Breakfast presenters Naga Munchetyy and Charlie Stayt were once again on the red sofa to deliver the day's news and headlines. When looking through the headlines of national papers, Charlie picked out an unusual story which included a study to help people eat fewer biscuits. Before starting the story, he told Naga he was taking the fun out of the sweet snack, to which she took a cheeky swipe. After Naga had read out a story which looked at the unknown indoor tennis champions, Charlie picked out an unusual line. He expressed: "Here is an article here that rather takes the fun out of biscuits." Looking unimpressed at his choice of words, Naga swiped: "Why would you do that?" Laughing, Charlie continued: "Well good question, who doesn't look forward to a biscuit," as Naga agreed: "Occasionally yes." READ MORE: Naga Munchetty slammed by BBC viewers over 'bias' Mick Lynch probe "So this is a report that has come out and they have been trying to persuade people to eat less biscuits, in some circumstances there could be health benefits to that," he explained. "But basically here is how it goes, to eat fewer biscuits, what you do is you write a short description of the last meal you ate because they have discovered that remembering the feeling of fullness helps to reign in your snacking. "So if you have the tin of biscuits there and you want one, what you do to eat less biscuits, and they have tested this. "They did a test of 77 people ages from 17 to 73, invited to eat chocolate chip cookies, digestives and chocolate fingers the ones who wrote about their last meal prior to the biscuit tin, ate less biscuits." Naga sarcastically quipped: "I mean.... this is what everyone is going to do, they are going to have a notepad by the biscuits to write about their last meal." Charlie added: "There you go, they have spoilt it haven't they." Before moving on to the next segment, Naga joked: "Well, that takes the biscuits," to which Charlie scoffed: "That is poor." "I know," Naga laughed and agreed. DON'T MISS...Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' [WATCH]Last Kingdom’s Father Pyrlig star pays tribute to Alexander Dreymon [LATEST]Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star [INSIGHT] The pair who often present together have a good friendship and will joke with one another on a daily basis. However, on Friday morning the pair clashed heads after Charlie accused Naga of being grouchy after she told viewers she did not agree with Tanzania installing internet for Kilimanjaro's social media climbers. Charlie explained that climbers could send in their pictures after climbing to the summit of the tallest mountain in Africa, but admitted he could hear some "wearying sighs" within the studio. Naga interrupted: "There are certain moments in life where you can just enjoy the moment without technology getting in the way and climbing something like Kilimanjaro must be so awe-inspiring and special. "I understand needing to take a picture but why on earth would you need to share it at that moment in time? "Everything is so instant," she fumed. "I don't know - I am probably just being grumpy again." Charlie replied: "Well you are, yes, but carry on. Anything else?" Naga snapped: "I think it was fine to be grumpy at that point." BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.