Prince Harry will cover his lifetime in the public eye — including his time in the military, marriage and fatherhood — in his upcoming memoir. When the tell-all book was announced, the Duke of Sussex said it would be written “not as the prince” he was, but as the man he has “become”. The memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House ahead of the festive season, has been the topic of mass speculation as royal watchers and experts question what the prince may say. While there have been concerns that Harry may use the book to attack the Royal Family, it has now been said that the Duke may “re-adjust” the content. Speaking to True Royalty TV's Royal Beat, royal expert Richard Kay said: "The book was completed, we believe, in about January being Harry's part of it, the interviews. "That was really when Harry was at peak rage if you like, with Britain, the Royal Family, siblings.” The old friend of Diana, Princess of Wales continued: "Since then there has been a measure of rapprochement. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie 'disapproved' of Beatrice's announcement clash with Meghan and Harry "We saw it at the Jubilee. There was a bit on an attempt by Harry to sort of wind it down a bit. "He may want to re-adjust what he's written. All these things must be going through his mind." However, another royal expert has claimed that the book may not even be made up of Harry’s words, and instead, the prince could use the words of his wife Meghan Markle and ghostwriter J.R. Moehringer to “fight his family battles”. Robert Lacey, a distinguished royal biographer, told Clive Irving and the Daily Beast this week: “The power of Harry’s book will lie in the emotional experience — but not as lived through his eyes. “It will derive its impact through the applied eye of Moehringer. “When Harry talks about the “genetic pain and suffering that gets passed on” he sounds to me more like Moehringer than Windsor.” Lacey linked the influence of Moehringer with that of Meghan: “…two tough Americans imprinting their own radical thought patterns onto a malleable young Brit who uses their words to fight his family battles.” However, Mr Irving, author of 'The Last Queen', disagreed. DON'T MISS:Kate and William send heartfelt message as they decline George invite [INSIGHT]Queen accepts William change as future King breaks mould [ANALYSIS]Meghan shares 'similar' traits to Diana - body language analysis [EXPLAINED] He argued that this explanation “diminished Harry’s agency,” staying in line with a frequent British trope tied to the idea ‘she made him do it.’” Mr Irving continued: “And then, the idea of a ghostwriter using his subject as a ventriloquist for his own views isn’t borne out by Moehringer’s track record. “He wouldn’t need to take his own axe to the Windsors, even if so inclined, which is unlikely, because Harry’s disaffections are already well aired. “What is more, the impact of this book will be formidable because Moehringer’s craft will lift it above the ghost’s usual device of giving a celebrity a fluency that they don’t have, while avoiding any real substance.” Some commentators have suggested that Harry may use the book to attack the Royal Family, with particular members of the Firm being pointed out as potential collateral damage. Writing in his column for the Daily Mail, Richard Kay said: “They [the Royal Family] are particularly nervous about his attitude towards his [Harry’s] stepmother, the [Camilla] Duchess of Cornwall, the women who many of the late Princess’s supporters still blame for the collapse of the Charles-Diana marriage.” Meanwhile, Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, claimed that Harry’s older brother Prince William stands to be hurt the most by any bombshells Harry might drop in the book. She told GB News last month: “William is probably the one that will come out of this worst of all because there is a row between William and Harry and basically if Harry says things that are inappropriate about the monarchy, that is William’s future.” “It’s not Harry’s future, he is out of it now, but it is William’s future.” However, Mr Irving believes that one of the “most under-reported” parts of Harry’s life will be an important role in the book. Mr Irving wrote: “As a reporter, Mr Moehringer will have seen that the most under-reported part of Harry’s life is his military service in Afghanistan, the experience that immersed him in the brutal realities of the killing fields and left him with a place in the army brotherhood that no other royal has ever earned."