Today (August 4) marks the birthday of the late Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother whom Prince Charles was famously very close to until she died in 2002. Express.co.uk takes a look back at Charles and the Queen Mother's adorable relationship over the years. The Queen Mother died 20 years ago, but Prince Charles showed that she still holds a special place in his heart when he spoke to attendees at the Sandringham Flower Show last month. In a video which has gained traction online, Charles was heard telling guests: "I can't remember how many years I've been coming, but I used to come with my grandmother every year." He added: "I do miss her, I must say. But she'd be so pleased it keeps going." Charles' recent tribute to his grandmother is one of many he has made since her death in 2002.  READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Wanted the title' Meghan's hopes dashed When Charles decided to marry Camilla Parker-Bowles in 2005, he proposed with a diamond ring from the Queen Mother's collection, which the Duchess now wears with pride every day. And in the year of her death in 2002, Charles dedicated a special garden to the Queen Mother at the Chelsea Flower Show which he toured with the Queen that year. Upon her death, Charles said he was "utterly devoted" to the Queen Mother in a moving speech. He said: "She was quite simply the most magical grandmother you could possibly have, and I was utterly devoted to her.  "Her departure has left an irreplaceable chasm in countless lives but, thank God, we are all the richer for the sheer joy of her presence and everything she stood for." Charles added: "For me, she meant everything and I had dreaded, dreaded this moment along with, I know, countless others. Somehow, I never thought it would come." After King George VI died unexpectedly in 1952, the Queen Mother took an active role in her daughter's family life while she grappled with becoming Queen aged 25. Many pictures show Charles and the Queen Mother playing together when he was a child, and the pair are thought to have bonded over their love of gardening and the great outdoors.  DON'T MISS:Inside the Queen Mother's £30million residence where Charles had 'fun' [INSIGHT]Lotus Flower Tiara: Queen Mother's £4million tribute to husband [PICTURES]Queen Mother broke Royal Family rule to stop Charles' 'big mistake' [VIDEO] And as Charles prepared for his royal role as a young adult, the Queen Mother was thought to be a great support to him. Ahead of his formal investiture as the Prince of Wales in 1969, the Queen Mother was thought to have written to him: "My darling Charles, I can't tell you what charming and heart-warming things I am always hearing about you. "Everyone loves you and is proud of you and I absolutely know you will be able to do wonderful things for this country. "Not only in leadership but by being your own kind-hearted, loving and intelligent and funny self." 