Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been told he already has his own Kevin De Bruyne ahead of a potentially busy end to the transfer window for the Gunners. Martin Odegaard has had a fine start to the season and Tony Cascarino has been full of praise for the Norwegian. Odegaard has scored three goals in his last two games to help Arteta's side make it four wins from four in the Premier League. Arsenal sit top of the table as the only club with a 100 per cent record. Arteta has spent around £120million on new players this summer. He is keen to strengthen further before Thursday's transfer deadline, with the start of the campaign not changing his plans in the market. But Cascarino believes Arsenal already have a player in Odegaard who can do everything for the team. He has compared him to City superstar De Bruyne and has backed the 23-year-old to get even better. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Chelsea Zaha talks, Spurs deal blocked  Former Chelsea striker Cascarino told talkSPORT: “One player that stood out, he’s so much like Kevin De Bruyne, is Odegaard. His ability to pass the ball, move it and you have to give a lot of credit to [Mikel] Arteta because he had him in on loan and he didn’t send him back. “He made him one of his primary recruitments, the one he wanted to bring through the door and he’s so gifted. He's the Kevin De Bruyne of Arsenal for me. "Oh absolutely [there's more to come], he's got everything. His feet are so quick, he can play long passes, he can play short, he's hungry, he wants to get goals. "He does everything that you'd expect and it isn't a surprise to me that he was given the captain's armband because [Kieran] Tierney easily could have been that 18 months ago. But they're starting to find leaders in their group and he's got everything. DON'T MISSArsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered'Man Utd’s sixth signing after Antony could be a questionable oneTottenham boss Conte slams Richarlison antics - 'It won't be accepted'  "There isn't anything he can't do. He has a hunger and desire in his game as well. Odegaard is a really top talent. "And that again, to recognise, to take him from Real Madrid where he didn't get given an opportunity. Either they've got some incredible [players] - which they have, Real Madrid, as senior players." Arsenal and Odegaard will be aiming to make it five wins from five against struggling Aston Villa on Wednesday. The window will shut almost 24 hours after the final whistle at 11pm on Thursday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here