Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel may have to rely on deals for Barcelona duo Frenkie de Jong and Memphis Depay collapsing if he is to get his hands on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The pair worked together to devastating effect at Borussia Dortmund and the Blues are in need of a pedigree striker after parting company with Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner. Barca need to raise cash promptly amid a struggle to register their new signings before La Liga action gets underway this weekend. Xavi's side host Rayo Vallecano on Saturday evening, but they may be without the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde and Raphinha if they don't receive clearance from authorities over their wage bill. Depay, De Jong and Aubameyang have all been touted as options with La Blaugrana weighing up whether to auction off stars in a bid to raise cash. Chelsea are reportedly interested in signing the latter, which would mean a reunion between the former Arsenal striker and Tuchel, but The Times claim that Aubameyang has not yet been told that he could leave the Camp Nou. Furthermore, Chelsea would supposedly have a better chance of landing the veteran forward if Barca are unable to shift De Jong or Depay. JUST IN: Arsenal star Granit Xhaka drops contract hint and makes Mikel Arteta prediction  The saga is complicated further by the notion that Chelsea are also seriously interested in signing De Jong, despite months of negotiations between Barca and Manchester United. Blues co-owner Todd Boehly is reportedly prepared to match their £72million agreement and help solve the ongoing wage dispute if De Jong indicates that he would be keen on a move to Stamford Bridge. Curiously enough, Tuchel may therefore have to pick between De Jong or Aubameyang with Barca likely to put the brakes on outgoing transfer activity once they have made enough room on the wage bill. Depay's exit also seems likely with his camp in talks to terminate his contract and speed up a move to Juventus. DON'T MISS...Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Yeremy Pino after promising £34m bidArsenal proven right over their own Fernando Torres as free transfer saga showsTottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo move Aubameyang only became a Barcelona player in February after a well-publicised spat with Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta that saw him stripped of the captaincy. The Gunners forked out millions to end his contract as he headed to the Camp Nou for free, scoring 11 goals in 17 La Liga matches last term. That goal-scoring pedigree could be exactly what Chelsea need to keep pace with the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool, not to mention Tottenham who have strengthened significantly over the past few months. Kai Havertz and Armando Broja are the main striker options currently at Stamford Bridge and neither player got into double figures last term. Lukaku was meant to be the answer to a similar attacking issue last summer, but having re-joined Inter Milan on loan he has spoken out about his miserable stint with the Blues. "So many things [went wrong]," he told DAZN. "I think before, when I left [Inter], I wanted to take revenge at Chelsea because when I was young it was my team for 11 years. "I had the opportunity to go back there and thought I would be a hero, but that wasn’t the case. In March, when I heard there was an opportunity to come back here, slowly I didn’t say anything, but toward the end of the season we did a very good job with the club and I was able to come back here." So many things [went wrong]. I think before, when I left [Inter], I wanted to take revenge at Chelsea because when I was young it was my team for 11 years.