Jacob Rees Mogg – one of Boris’ biggest supporters – thinks it is highly improbable. As he says, the last person to come back as Prime Minister after losing the leadership of his Party was Gladstone. And while I fully agree it is unlikely, I do not believe it is impossible. Politics is so febrile and unpredictable at the moment – and Boris is such a one-off – it would be mad to make any firm predictions. The latest YouGov polling shows many Conservative voters have “seller’s remorse” about the ousting of Boris as Prime Minister, and the majority of them would prefer him to continue rather than be replaced by either of the leadership contenders. Boris defies political gravity and like a man made of rubber, he might just bounce back. Strangely enough, this long, protracted leadership battle has worked for Boris. The seemingly neverending leadership hustings of the two candidates – with their re-hashed messages, U-turns, sniping, swiping and taking chunks out of each other in an act of mutual suicide – has made many misty-eyed and nostalgic for Boris. All Conservative voters (and the country at large) want to see a government on their side, finding solutions to the cost of living issues and energy prices and the myriad other issues on the way, not to watch what appears to be a month-long self-indulgence.  The many giant-sized battles on the horizon – industrial action, energy prices, a war in Europe to name just a few – will need a big beast to steer us through and maybe that is precisely why many want Boris back. Sir Keir Starmer for one certainly could not cope, he lacks the strength for that battle and I think the public can sense that. No, we need a fighter who does not pull any punches – and even Labour MPs in their heart of hearts knows that Keir is not really the man for the job. Labour do not want any chance of Boris coming back because they fear he would knock Keir and the Labour Party out of the ring. People should write off Boris at their peril – you never know, you might just witness the greatest heavyweight comeback since Muhammad Ali. Prince Harry was set to publish his “literary memoir” later this year – purportedly the “definitive account” of his life. Buckingham Palace feared that Harry would use this to settle old scores. It seems, however, it will not now be published this year. Many think it is because lawyers are still going over the detail. I wonder if that is giving the book too much credit. If it is anything like his wife’s inane podcast, launched this week, it will not be lawyers checking for scandal, it will be the publishers wanting interesting content!  I thought reports that some schools may close a few days a week to send pupils home to save money on the energy bills was a spoof when I first read it. So they send everyone home, including teachers, to put heating on in every house rather than put the heating on in the school? This is not about energy bills, this is more industrial action under a different guise. Shame on teachers pushing for this. Have they learnt nothing from the damage caused to children’s education by schools closing during covid lockdowns?  What on earth was Finland’s PM thinking, opening up her official residence to some dubious friends. Sanna Marin, below, gave a tearful apology to the Finnish public explaining she was “longing for joy, light and fun”. The problem is that her joy, light and fun might not be the same as others as photos emerged of her partying and her girlfriends kissing and topless. I am not sure what she is most upset about, her lapse in judgment or the betrayal of her “friends”, who leaked the cavorting tape. I would consider changing friends if I was her, otherwise her political career could well be Finnish-ed! Former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown has crawled out of the woodwork to start pontificating about what the Government should be doing about the energy cost crisis. As the man who single-handedly destroyed pension schemes, bankrupted the NHS through PFI schemes and sold off the country’s gold reserves at bargain-basement prices, I think we can rather manage without his advice, do you not? 