 Conservative leadership hopefuls Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak have been confronting their visions for Britain in a series of hustings throughout the summer, the 12th and last of which is taking place today in London. Tory party members have until Friday evening to vote for their candidate before Boris Johnson’s successor is announced on Monday. As the race draws to a close, speculation has been growing over who will find themselves in Cabinet, especially in the crucial role of Chancellor of the Exchequer.   Mr Sunak topped every round of Conservative MP ballots in July, and was tipped as the early favourite. However, the final decision will be made by the members of the Tory party, numbering an estimated 160,000. The former Chancellor and Ms Truss have participated in 11 hustings around the UK so far – the final one taking place in London at 7pm tonight. The membership will then have until 5pm on Friday to cast their postal votes before the next Prime Minister is announced at around 12:30pm on Monday. READ MORE: Campaigners' last ditch push to force Tory rule change to save Boris  Ms Truss has enjoyed a comfortable and growing lead in the polls throughout the race, and is widely tipped to be the one moving in to Number 10. Were she to become Prime Minister, close ally and current Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng would be the most likely occupant of Number 11. Foreshadowing his accession to the role, writing in The Mail on Sunday Mr Kwarteng sought to reassure households suffering through the cost-of-living crisis, promising that “help is coming.” DON'T MISS:UK and Australia poised for major announcement TODAY [BREAKING]'Can't wait to not give a f***': Sturgeon hints at succession plans [REPORT]Putin to be annihilated by guerrilla forces 'secretly trained' by US [ANALYSIS]Pensioners could see extra £600 to help with energy bills this winter [REVEAL]   If Mr Sunak were to defy the odds and win the Conservative leadership, the job of running Her Majesty’s Treasury is expected to fall to Steve Barclay. An early supporter of Mr Sunak’s, Mr Barclay took over as Health Secretary amid the flurry of ministerial resignations that led to the present leadership contest. Given his almost two-years experience as Chief Secretary to the Treasury under Boris Johnson, many consider him well-suited for the role. Other names floated as potential Treasury heads under both candidates include Mel Stride, Simon Clarke, Penny Mordaunt and Jacob Rees-Mogg.  But what do YOU think? Who do you think the next Prime Minister should appoint as their Chancellor? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below. 