Martin Sheen was raised by a Spanish father and an Irish mother and, when his acting career began in the 1960s, he opted to abandon his real identity for the stage and use an Anglicised surname instead. The Apocalypse Now star believed the change would help him go further in his career. However Martin, previously called Ramon Estevez, is delighted that his son has chosen to embrace his European roots. Although in Martin's day his Spanish-sounding name might have made it more difficult to find work, he was determined that his sons should be themselves without experiencing the same problems. Now the 81-year-old describes his own name change as one of his biggest "regrets". "Sometimes you get persuaded when you don’t have enough insight or even enough courage to stand up for what you believe in, and you pay for it later," he revealed. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win The West Wing star continued: "Of course, I’m only speaking for myself.” He added that he had never changed his name officially, and that Sheen was solely for the stage. "It’s still Ramon Estévez on my birth certificate. It’s on my marriage license, my passport, driver’s license," he explained proudly. All of Martin's children opted for stage careers of their own - and the likes of Charlie Sheen decided to use the Anglicised name. However Martin is fully supportive of Emilio's choice to continue the real family name. "The only influence I had on Emilio was to keep his name,” he explained to Closer Weekly. “When he started out, his agent was advising him to change his name to Sheen and he wouldn’t do it." The star added emphatically: "I thank God he didn’t.” DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT] Harry Gration's funeral: BBC star laid to rest as fans flood streets [OBITUARY] Carol Vorderman, 61, sends fans wild in leopard leggings [PHOTOS] Martin and Emilio will soon appear together in the Doug Ellin show 'Ramble On'. Besides Emilio and Charlie, Martin has another son, Ramon, and a daughter as well, named Renee. Ramon started out as an actor, but is now a producer and theatre director, having produced FX Anger Management with Two and a Half Men star Charlie. He also runs the company Estevez Sheen Productions. Meanwhile Martin's much-loved daughter Renee, whose first big break came via the CBS show Babies Having Babies, has also retained her authentic name. She regularly guested on The West Wing after that, and appeared in movies such as the 1986 release Shattered Spirits. Although she has taken a step back from the acting world, and has not had any movie or TV roles since 2015, she is a keen writer in the industry, having contributed to the scripts for Anger Management. Martin is proud that the film industry has become a family affair for all four of his children - and praises any decision to stay true to their origins.