 Delivered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a benefit designed to help people over the age of 16 and under the state pension age with the extra daily costs of living with a long-term illness, physical or mental health condition or a disability. Around three million people in the UK claim the support, and they receive between £24.45 and £156.90 per week to help with the additional costs of daily living and outdoor mobility needs.     The DWP guidance states: "Entitlement to PIP provides a gateway or passport to other benefits, such as Carer’s Allowance, and schemes sponsored by other departments, such as the Blue Badge scheme." Depending on what level of PIP a person gets, they may be eligible for “cash top-ups” on other benefits a person receives. These benefits include Jobseeker’s Allowance (JSA), Income Support, Working Tax Credit, Employment and Support Allowance (ESA), and Pension Credit. These are referred to as “premiums”, and some, like the Employment and Support Allowance or Pension Credit, are only given if a person gets the PIP daily living component. READ MORE: Britons call for help paying energy bills - three ways to pay less     People claiming PIP can also be eligible to get the Severe Disability Premium if they fit certain criteria. This is an extra £69.40 per week for each person who qualifies. However, Britons should note that they will lose this payment if they have a carer who claims Carer’s Allowance. Britons who claim PIP may be eligible to claim money off their council tax bill.    Britons should contact their local council to find out more information on what they could receive. Housing benefit is another extra someone claiming PIP can get. People can get this if they receive PIP on behalf of a child who still lives at home and they must be aged between 16 and 20 years and in training or full time education. The PIP standard rate mobility will also give a person a 50 percent road tax discount, while the enhanced rate mobility gives someone a 100 percent discount. Claimants of the mobility award for PIP can also be eligible for the Blue Badge Scheme, even if they can’t drive. READ MORE: Dom Littlewood advocates energy 'tricks' that could save you £270     People can also apply for a badge if they care for a child with a health condition that affects their mobility. Claimants who are able to travel can also receive discounts on their bus and train tickets. PIP claimants can apply for the Disabled person railcard if they are blind, partially blind, deaf or unable to speak. People can also be eligible if they can’t walk very far because of a disability, illness or injury, don’t have arms or can’t use their arms, or has a severe learning disability. PIP also qualifies a person for a third off most rail fares with a Disabled Person’s Railcard. This does come at a cost of £20 for one year or £54 for three years. Anyone with a disability can book assistance when they travel, so they can enjoy the journey worry-free.     To apply for any extras, people will need to contact the office in charge of their benefits, tell them they're getting PIP and ask them what other help can be claimed. People will usually need their PIP award letter, which is often referred to as the PIP award notice, before they can apply for any extra help. This letter is usually sent to someone when the DWP has made a decision about their claim. PIP is made up of two parts which are called “components” and consist of the “daily living” component and the “mobility component”. The standard weekly rate currently sits at £61.85 for the daily living component and at £24.45 for the mobility. The enhanced weekly rate sits at £92.40 and £64.50 respectively.  