Air fryers can be found in most kitchens across the nation nowadays as shops become more savvy to their popularity. While air fryers used to be a luxury item, many supermarkets and shops are now selling them at affordable prices. For those who don’t have one, an air fryer is like a mini convection oven in that it creates delicious, crispy food without deep-frying and can bake cakes. People often use air fryers to cook chips, meat, fish, vegetables and even pizza. Due to it being used almost daily in my house, it can become extremely dirty. One of the biggest difficulties I have with my air fryer is cleaning it. Some air fryers contain more elements, making them more tricky to clean. READ MORE: I tried a 65p hack to clean the top of my burnt metal toaster To clean my air fryer, I decided to use a dishwasher tablet, a method hailed by Mrs Hinch fans. It is versatile and can be used to clean a range of items around the home such as oven racks, pillows and extractor fan filters. I opted for Sainsbury’s All In One dishwasher tablets as they were the cheapest I could find. These retail for £3 for a pack of 30. This works out as 10p per tablet. DON'T MISS: ‘Most important’ way to keep hanging baskets ‘thriving’ in hot weather [EXPERT]‘Unappealing’ paint colours to ‘avoid’ that risk devaluing homes [INSIGHT]‘Crucial factor’ to keep tomato plants thriving in a heatwave [TIPS] Homeowners could try using another brand of dishwasher tablets if they don’t have this one. My air fryer was in a sorry state, having cooked bacon the previous day. The air fryer’s basket was covered in burnt-on fat and grease. Before trying this hack, remember to read the air fryer manufacturer’s guidelines for cleaning. READ MORE: I tried Bar Keepers Friend stain remover to brighten my tile grout The first thing I did was boil half a litre of water in a kettle as it is important that the water is hot. While some Mrs Hinch fans suggested adding water to the air fryer and turning the appliance on, I decided against this as air fryers are not designed to hold more than a few drops of water. Water from the surface could easily be splashed by the air flow from the fan into the internal electrical components, which would effectively short circuit your air fryer. Your air fryer might also overheat in its attempt to ‘cook’ this much water, resulting in a fire hazard. Once boiled, I added the water to the air fryer basket and placed a single dishwasher tablet inside. I then let the tablet work it’s magic for 15 minutes to lift the grease and grime. After the time was up, I emptied the liquid from the air fryer into the sink and noticed the amount of grease and grime in the water. Using a wet sponge, I then wiped away the greasy residue left behind and gave the basket a quick rinse before drying with a tea towel. The air fryer basket looked brand new and was free of any food debris without the need to scrub - and it didn’t take long at all.