Indigenous Australian MP Lidia Thorpe made the controversial claim of calling Queen Elizabeth II a "coloniser" during the swearing-in of the 47th parliament. While pledging allegiance to the Queen during a swearing-in ceremony before fellow MPs, MP Thorpe called the Queen a coloniser. Having prefaced her allegiance with "colonising", she was told to repeat the oath of allegiance. She said: "I sovereign, Lidia Thorpe, do solemnly and sincerely swear that I will be faithful and I bear true allegiance to the colonising her majesty Queen Elizabeth II." Following criticism from other senators, Labour Senate president Sue Lines called on Ms Thorpe to repeat the line. "You are required to recite the oath as printed on the card," President Lines told the Greens senator, as the word "colonising" is not in the formal oath. "Please recite the oath," the President instructed the MP.  With irony in her voice and chuckling at times, the Australian MP repeated: "I, Lidia Thorpe, do solemnly and sincerely affirm and declare that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, her heirs and successors, according to law." According to section 42 of the Australian constitution, "every senator and every member of the House of Representatives shall before taking his seat make and subscribe" the oath. The Australian MP later took to Twitter and slammed: "Sovereignty never ceded." Twitter user @hore_rob said: "Lidia Thorpe is a total disgrace. "If Adam Bandt had balls he would pull her onto line. If the GG had any he would withdraw her Commission." READ MORE: George, Charlotte and Louis were named after one important royal @frankhoffy1 added: "Insufferable is the word you're looking for." Another user noted some inconsistencies with the senator's electoral campaign and her swearing allegiance in Parliament. @MarkCA2004 said: "How can she declare an oath of allegiance when her whole campaign was based on undermining the government and being an insurrectionist?" @mandymendez90 added: "Sickening. In court, she would've been held in contempt. THE NEW NORMAL" And @HeadZonkStudios added: "That alone should get her fired." Assistant Minister for the Republic Matt Thistlethwaite later argued it is ridiculous that Australian MPs are required to swear allegiance to the Queen and insisted another republic referendum is needed. He told the Sydney Morning Herald: "Ironically, under section 44 of the Constitution, you cannot run for parliament if you hold allegiance to another country, yet the first thing we do in parliament is promise to serve a foreign monarch. DON'T MISS:Spanish royals spotted on holiday after watching Women's Euros 2022 [REPORT]Beatrice and Eugenie keen to avoid 'embarrassing' Royal Family [REPORT]Five famous tiaras Queen Mary brought into Royal Family [EXPLAINER] "It’s archaic and ridiculous. It does not represent the Australia we live in and it’s further evidence of why we need to begin discussing becoming a republic with our own head of state. We are no longer British," he said. In 1999, Australia held a referendum on whether Australia should become a republic with a President appointed by Parliament – as opposed to having Queen Elizabeth II as its head of state. Australians were split on the issue, with 54.87 percent of them voting against it. Matt Thistlethwaite is the first-ever Assistant Minister of the Republic to hold this role. The Labour Government, now in place after defeating the Conservative Party, is traditionally pro-Republic and will hold a second referendum if they win a second election. The new Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese first called for a referendum on becoming a republic in 2018, when it was still an election promise under Labour leader Bill Shorten. Peter FitzSimons, national chair of the Australian Republic Movement, believe now is the ideal time to hold a second referendum. "Now we’re on course for another referendum right at the time that the Queen of England is in the deep twilight of her reign," Mr FitzSimons said. READ NEXT:Kate Middleton's posture trick ensures perfect photo every timeZara 'reigns herself in' with Meghan but has 'friendship' with KateThe Royal Family's most outrageous outfits they never wore againNicola Sturgeon wanted Queen Elizabeth II be DELETED from Jubilee bookWilliam shares sweet moment with Lioness who 'wiped him out