Russian State Duma member Aleksey Zhuravlyov used Russian state-controlled TV to threaten to murder reporter Björn Stritzel and other German reporters who have been covering the invasion of Ukraine on the ground. Addressing the journalist, he said, “I want to tell this Nazi ‘all of us will come and kill all of you!". Russian pundits have adopted an increasingly hostile language towards the West, particularly against Germany and Chancellor Olaf Scholz. Speaking on Channel 1, Zhuravlyov said: “I don’t give a damn, I want to tell this Nazi 'B***h, all of us will come and kill all of you!” In light of the threat and in attempt to stop Zhuravlyov from making further murder threats, another TV host, Yevgeny Popov, pointed out: “These are journalists.” The Russian MP however admitted he did not care, hitting out: “I could care less.” “Those are propagandists, but let’s not be like that.” Zhuravlyov said: “I don’t care! Referring to the German journalist, he added: “I’m going there, if I see him.” Popov said: “Let’s not kill anybody, you’re threatening people on our programme.” Zhuravlyov reacted and concluded: “That’s right, I am, so what? So what?”. Referring to the German coverage of the war in Ukraine, Popov had previously said: “Our great-grandparents have been burning and the equipment of your great-grandparents gave you a whopping. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Our land or scorched desert' Mask slips - nuclear plot “Our friends and neighbours, the best people of Russia, are doing the same thing right now. “The outcome will be the same. “I’m sure even you undoubtedly know this, Aryan propagandists and warmongers. “Unlike you, the descendants of Goebbels and Nazi agitators, our reporters have been working in Donbas and Ukraine since the very beginning of the mayhem you’ve created”. The video was posted on Twitter by columnist and journalist Julia Davis, who commented on the clip: “Meanwhile in Russia: another normal day on Kremlin-controlled state television. DON'T MISS: Nigel Farage speaks at US rally in Texas to get rid of Nancy Pelosi [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: Rejoiner Adonis details REAL goal of 'UK’s pro-EU forces' [LISTEN]Increasing number of Americans want outgoing PM as their President [INSIGHT] “Appearing on 60 Minutes, State Duma Member Aleksey Zhuravlyov is threatening @BILD reporter in Ukraine @bjoernstreitzel and other German journalists: ‘B***, all of us will come and kill all of you!”. The comments came a few days after the Russian attack at Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, Europe’s largest atomic plant. According to reports from Ukraine, Russian shelling had damaged three radiation sensors, sparking fears of radiation release. In light of the strike at the plant, the head of the UN atomic agency Rafael Mariano Grossi warned about the “very real risk of a nuclear disaster” and in a statement on Saturday stressed: “I’m extremely concerned by the shelling yesterday at Europe’s largest nuclear power plant, which underlines the very real risk of a nuclear disaster that could threaten public health and the environment in Ukraine and beyond”. READ NEXT: EU fears ‘radical’ new UK leader will weaken relationsRichard Tice on future of Starmer ' British people had enough!'GB News: Ann Widdecombe claims Tory Party is now 'unrecognisable'Brexit LIVE: Portugal row sees 35,000 Brits without ID cardsSpeed limits on country roads reduced to 20m