Ashley Dale, 28, was found by police shot in the back garden of her home in Leinster Road in the Old Swan neighbourhood of Liverpool in the early hours of Sunday morning. The Knowsley Council worker was taken to hospital where she was pronounced dead later the same day. Officers investigating the case have said they believe the shooting was a targeted attack, but Ms Dale was not the intended target. Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Kameen, Head of Investigations at Merseyside Police, said: "At this moment in time our position is we do not believe Ashley was the target of this attack. "Ashley... had recently had a promotion. She had graduated. She had her whole career in front of her and her whole life in front of her. "She was a young, innocent woman enjoying her life. So we do not believe, at this time, Ashley was in any way involved in this."  He added: "We are supporting Ashley's family... and our thoughts go out to her mum, dad and wider family at this incredibly difficult time." DCS Kameen told the Liverpool Echo: "We believe the property was being targeted. And the reasons for that are part of our investigation now as we move forward." Ms Dale's family described her as their "shining light" in a statement issued on Monday (August 22). The statement read: "Ashley, our girl – our shining light. Our hearts are broken into a million pieces. Ashley was a hardworking young woman, who had her entire life ahead of her.    "She had just been promoted at her job with Knowsley Council. She had a degree and so many plans for her bright future that had only just begun. Her laugh, smile and energy was infectious in any room. "We can’t come to terms with how this would happen to a defenceless woman in her own home. None of this makes sense and our lives will never be the same again. A senseless crime that has torn a family apart. Justice needs to be brought." Concerned neighbours alerted the police after hearing what they believed to be gunshots or fireworks. Officers went to the scene and found Ms Dale in the back garden with gunshot wounds.    DCS Kameen said the attackers had burst through Ms Dale's front door before firing "indiscriminately" on "multiple occasions". He added: "Ashley was inside - exactly where she should be, enjoying her Saturday evening and Sunday morning - and she was hit by one of those shots. "That proved fatal despite the very best efforts of Merseyside Police and then the North West Ambulance Service." Tributes have been paid on social media with Facebook user Paige Elizabeth stating: "Heartbreaking this. RIP Ashley. Taken far too young." To which fellow Facebook user Kayleigh Elizabeth Crowe replied: "Such a lovely girl."  Merseyside Police is appealing for information and urged members of the public to share any information which might help bring the shooter to justice. DCS Kameen said: "I understand how frightening incidents like this can seem to ordinary members of the public and in the coming hours and days we will be speaking to people living in the local and wider community to reassure them of the ongoing work we are doing to find the person or people responsible. "Gun crime has no place on the streets of Merseyside and we will leave no stone unturned to bring those responsible for justice. An investigation is underway and a number of lines of enquiry are currently being investigated. "The community, as always, are our eyes and ears and we know that there may be people living locally who saw or heard something in the early hours which may prove to be significant to our investigation." He urged people to tell the police what they know and for anyone who lives or works in the area with private CCTV or a Ring doorbell to check it to see if it captured anything which could help detectives.  DCS Kameen also asked taxi and delivery drivers who may have been driving in the area to check their dashcam footage. Merseyside Police is particularly keen to find anyone who saw a vehicle being driven erratically in the area around Prescot Road. DCS Kameen said: "I recognise there can often be a wall of silence and in this city, and potentially other cities, there is a belief around being a 'grass' or telling tales on people. I would appeal to our community members that they should be reading this interview and be utterly sickened by what they're reading. "That should galvanise people to actually come through and contact Merseyside Police - work with us - because the only place these callous, mindless, thoughtless thugs need to be is in jail. The only way we can do that is through some excellent policing work, but also absolute support from our communities. "I cannot stress enough how vital it is that they come forward and speak to us at this time. If you're worried about this please just search your conscience around the fact we have a 28-year-old, innocent woman who's lost her life and a grieving family that we are supporting."  Information and video footage can be shared with detectives at mipp.police.uk You can also contact the force via social media @merpolcc or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 22000615873. 