Aston Villa reportedly harbour no desire to sack Steven Gerrard over the coming weeks, but the pressure appears to be mounting following his side's dismal start to the season. While Villa's next two matches against Arsenal and Manchester City are unlikely to influence the club's stance over Gerrard's position, the following two games against Leicester and Southampton are thought to be crucial in determining the Liverpool legend's future. The Villains have won just one of their opening four Premier League games this campaign - losing the rest - and were booed off following a 1-0 home reserve against West Ham on Sunday. The shoddy start very much appears a continuation of the club's stuttering end to last season, with Villa now having claimed just three victories since mid-March - two of which came against relegated duo Norwich and Burnley. Gerrard was appointed to much fanfare last November, but in the months since, the enthusiasm surrounding the club and his appointment has waned. With his side seemingly devoid of a clear identity and no indication of the club's strongest starting XI, the Liverpool legend has found himself the subject of mounting pressure. According to The Telegraph, while Villa are thought to hold no immediate desire to sack Gerrard, there's a feeling that the next few weeks will be key to his future at the club. Following a testing double-header against the Premier League's current top two in Arsenal and Manchester City, the West Midlanders face a trip to Leicester and a home game against Southampton before the international break. JUST IN: Arsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered' Amid growing uncertainty over Gerrard's long-term position, it is thought these clashes could be crucial. A failure to prove his side are pulling in the right direction and that he is the man to lead the club's "ambitious plans" - according to chief executive Christian Purslow - could see the ex-England midfielder given the chop. Following his side's 1-0 loss to the Hammers on Sunday, Gerrard appeared to deflect some of the pressure placed upon him towards his players, insisting they "have got to act now" and "it's got to come from within them as well". The Villa boss said: "Yes, I’ve got confidence and belief in this group, but the key thing is they believe in each other. DON'T MISS...Man City stat hints Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal have no title hopeLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's transfer confession highlights FSG errorLiverpool boss Klopp has new fan favourite to unleash on Newcastle "They’re the ones who’ve got to act right now – we’ll help them and support them in any way we can, but it’s got to come from within as well. It was always going to be a big week, no matter what the result was. We’ve got two really tough games now, but as I say I’ve got belief and confidence that we can go and get results in those games.” The latest setback means Gerrard has now won just 12 of his 33 matches in charge of Villa, while he has lost 52 per cent of his games at the helm. Tim Sherwood (57 per cent) and Remi Garde (56 per cent) are the only other Villa managers to boast worse records.