Lewis Hamilton, 37, finished the Formula One season in sixth place, however, the British world champion took an impressive second place last weekend during the Hungarian Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver has since taken to Instagram to share his sadness as the season draws to a close, admitting that over his summer break, he will "miss this energy". Lewis took to Instagram in view of 29.3 million fans to thank them for their support during his races. He penned: "That’s P2 and back to back double podiums for @mercedesamgf1!! "Proud of all the hard work we’ve put in as a team to get us to where we are today. "Heading into summer break much stronger than we were at the start of the season. We are moving FORWARD and that win is getting CLOSER! READ MORE: ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' "Thank you to all the fans, hope you enjoyed that one." He also shared a video to his Instagram story showing the F1 star greeting excited fans, who were eagerly waiting to meet him. Lewis captioned the sweet video: "Going to miss this energy over break!" Social media users rushed to the comments to share their praise to the motor racing star and wish him good health on his well-deserved break. Teamlhnetherlandss said: "Oh HELL YESSS that was an epic RACE. I can feel that win coming closer and closer, now enjoy your summer break you have earned it." (sic) Hamazinglew added: "I appreciate you beyond words - you are unreal and deserve every single one of these podium finishes and the wins that are waiting for you in the second half of the season. ENJOY YOUR BREAK KING." Lewisfanpage44 commented: "WE COME BACK STRONGER. "Let's get disconnected now, focus on preparation and come back even stronger!" DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [HEALTH] Britney Spears goes topless as she puts on sultry display [PICS] Brad Pitt, 58, looks dapper in green suit amid retirement claims [HOLLYWOOD] A DRS issue prevented Lewis from competing for a spot on the front row with the likes of Red Bull's Max Verstappen. However, he did produce a winning drive to finish P2 for the second consecutive race. Since his achievement, Lewis has spoken about the verdict and what he and Mercedes will do to improve. He admitted: " I think this weekend, there was a potential for a win. You saw George on the pole. "I think if we had both been up there, I think we probably could have worked a bit better together as a team. One of us would have had to support each other strategy-wise. "But I think if we are able to take this pace into the second half of the season for sure we can start to fight with the guys. "This is the first time we've been able to fight and battle with a Ferrari. That's huge for us." Verstappen took the victory Sunday after coming back from P10 on the grid to then win the match.