Simon Le Bon, 63, is best known as the lead singer and lyricist of the band Duran Duran and its offshoot Arcadia. Whilst in the band, Le Bon has received three Ivor Novello Awards from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors, including the award for Outstanding Contribution to British Music. Simon is currently estimated to be worth around £54million having been in the music industry for over 40 years. His band is now set for an American tour later this month. It was Simon’s  ex-girlfriend, Fiona Kemp, who introduced him to the band in May 1980, recommending him as a potential vocalist. He then went on to become the frontman. When asked what has kept the group together for so long, Le Bon said: "We have friendship, we have passion for music that we share. “But there's one other thing that I think is important, it's quite prosaic in a way, but the fact is we split all of the income equally. “So nobody earns any more than anybody else, and any band out there reading this, I would suggest that that's a very good way to proceed, if you want to be in a band that is together after 40 years." Their hits included ‘Hungry Like The Wolf’, ‘Rio’, ‘Girls On Film’, ‘Wild Boys’ and Bond theme ‘A View To A Kill’. They will be honoured as inductees into the 2022 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame later this year. READ MORE: Bob Geldof’s private live in the picturesque town of faversham Born near Bushey, Hertfordshire, Simon now lives in Putney, London with his 57-year-old wife Yasmin and three daughters: Tallulah, Saffron, and Amber. Yasmin Le Bon was born in Oxford, England and was at one time the highest-paid model in the world. Yasmin and Simon Le Bon met in 1984 and were married in 1985. 10 minutes from Wimbledon, on the left bank of the Thames, Putney is a peaceful and tree-lined London neighbourhood. Except for the route to get there - 50 minutes from downtown - it's certainly a very nice place to live. Average house prices in the area are £860,933, according to Rightmove. DON'T MISS: How to remove toilet limescale using 'cheap and effective' method [EXPERT]‘Key thing’ to remember when watering plants during a heatwave [TIPS]The ‘best way’ to tell when hydrangeas need pruning - how to guide [INSIGHT] The majority of sales in Putney during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £523,239. Terraced properties sold for an average of £1,124,533, with semi-detached properties fetching £1,829,727. There is an abundance of good schools around this area, just as there are businesses and grassy areas. One place in particular is Richmond Park - its meadows extend as far as the eye can see. If a residential suburb is not the imagined setting for a rock star and model, Putney was certainly an excellent choice on the part of the Le Bons. READ MORE: Mistakes that make ceilings appear ‘very dated and unappealing’ The family home is called Elmwood. It's a 10-room Victorian home that boasts a first large garden, which overlooks another garden, and another cottage, where Simon's mother lives. The cottage was built 24 years ago in 1988. In 2014, six bedrooms were converted into three suites to accommodate the Le Bons three adult daughters who continued to live with them. Prior to moving to the Putney home, the couple lived in Chelsea. In an interview with Vogue Paris magazine Yasmine explained: “We were living in Chelsea and did the usual thing: break down all the walls in order to have space. “That was when I realised that we were no longer a couple, but a married couple living with kids and my mother-in-law. There was some urgency. At the time, I was working a lot and the last thing I wanted was that we move once, then twice, then three times. “I said to myself: I want a large house, a garage, a yard, a quick drive, no more tube than necessary, so that we don't have to move any more, ever.” Simon’s wife expressed how she “would love to move”, but none of her family members want to leave their Putney house. Yasmin also noted that if the family were to move “it'll be hard to find its equivalent” to their current 10-bedroom home. Last year the couple had been given permission to extend their 10-bedroom, multi-million-pound London home by a third of its existing size. This was apparently because they can't get their children to leave home.