Stacey Solomon, 32, who has admitted that she "loves to see Joe cry", has organised an unforgettable honeymoon location for the pair. However, it isn't where fans might think. The down-to-earth Loose Women star has shunned exotic and luxurious locations and opted for some quiet time at home. Emotional Stacey is hoping to have fun celebrating with her husband and children "all summer" long. While the pair could have chosen a location abroad, she has admitted to the world that she prefers to spend alone time with her "pickles". Speaking from the Essex home that the family share, an ecstatic Stacey admitted that this is the first time ever she will be abandoning work commitments for the duration of the summer. READ NOW: Demi Rose bares all as she reclines topless narrowly covering modesty "Making the most of every second of the summer we have off with the pickles... This is our honeymoon," she told her 5.3 million Instagram followers. "We are calling it a 'homeymoon' because we just wanted to spend it at home with all the kids. "We're always one in, one out, and all over the place, so this time at home is just all we could have dreamed of." However, that doesn't mean the newlyweds aren't partial to a holiday. In fact, Stacey went on one special last trip before the big day, taking off to Mykonos weeks before she tied the knot. She showed off her personalised 'Bride' print swimwear in a photo session by the sea for fans. Plus the supportive star has also been very vocal about how much the current airport chaos "bugs" her. Some of those hoping for a long-awaited sunshine getaway during the first summer in three years without draconian coronavirus restrictions to blight Brits' plans have been disappointed.  Hours-long queues, airport staff shortages and flight cancellations have all contributed to the chaos experienced as the world tries to get back to normal after the pandemic. "It really bugs me. All the airlines are struggling, the airports are struggling and most people book their holidays really far in advance," Stacey hit out on Loose Women. "They've foreseen this huge boost in people going away and you think they'd put provisions in place to make sure everyone got on their trip successfully." Responding to suggestions that Brits should avoid taking a break during the school summer holidays to dodge the chaos and make it easier on those affected, Stacey seemed furious. "It's unreasonable to ask people really close to their holidays to move their schedules around," she exclaimed. "Certain things happen that you can't help, but not to have the absolute chaos that is going on right now. "You just think: how did they let this happen?" Stacey went on to fume.