Laura Norton has been starring in Emmerdale for the past decade as feisty Kerry Wyatt who is madly in love with Al Chapman (played by Michael Wildman). Their romance hasn't been plain sailing though as he has cheated on his girlfriend with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). He did try to start a proper relationship with Chas by breaking up with Kerry but when she knocked him back, Al begged for Kerry to forgive him and unfortunately, she did. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale. Kerry Wyatt actress Laura Norton is engaged to former Emmerdale star Mark Jordan. Fans will remember that Jordan played Daz Spencer, Dan Spencer's (Liam Fox) brother, who was engaged to Kerry. Jordan initially joined the cast in 2014 for a short stint before joining full-time a few years later. When he left, Jordan and Norton agreed they wanted to stay in touch as friends but that soon blossomed into romance. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 Jordan popped the question, asking Norton to marry him in 2018 and they went on to welcome their first child Jesse in 2021. Norton was the last person to expect any romantic connection to develop between herself and Jordan though. She joked to Inside Soap: "If you'd have said when we first met that in a few years we would be a couple and have a baby, I would've said 'excuse me?' "It wasn't love at first sight! We didn't have a chance to get to know each other properly at first as Mark was only there for two weeks." While their relationship was "bizarre" it is clear the couple are clearly smitten. Their family is about to get a little bit bigger as they have revealed they're expecting another a second child. Announcing the happy news, Norton shared a sweet picture of herself and Jordan, presenting her bump to the world. In the caption, she simply wrote "Round 2..."  alongside a pregnant bump emoji. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest makes history with valuation of funeral effigy [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale star Lisa Riley confesses she'll never marry fiancé Al [CAST]Lucy Pargeter husband: Is Emmerdale’s Chas Dingle star married? [RELATIONSHIP] Jordan already has a couple of children, Poppy and Joe, from a previous relationship. He also took to social media to share a tribute to Norton, labelling her as an "amazing mum". Jordan said: "Jesse Poppy and Joe get to share our next adventure. "Thank you @laura_norts for the most special gift you’ve brought me. Thank you for being an amazing mum. "Our next special little person is very lucky to have your care love and brilliant view of life. "Let the adventures begin again. You’re working so hard in the Dales and give so much to us all. All five of us are blessed to have you in our world. Thank you xxxxx." Their co-stars are also very happy to see the couple's family life thriving. Actress Lisa Riley, who plays Mandy Dingle, wrote: "Yipeeeeeeeee. "At last we can say something. So much love to you both, we are elated for you both." Meanwhile, Katie Sudgen actress Sammy Winward added: "The best humans." Emmerdale continues four nights a week on ITV.