Bianca Andreescu was heard complaining about her Nike dress during her three-set victory over Harmony Tan at the US Open. In an unusual rant, The 2019 champion branded her sponsor’s design “so bad” as she asked for an extra break to change out of the dress before winning 6-0 3-6 6-1. Andreescu managed to continue her impressive run at the US Open by beating Tan in the opening round on Monday, holding just one loss to her name at the tournament as she extended her winning record to 11-1. But her victory wasn’t without some trouble, as the Nike athlete could be heard blaming her sponsor for an issue with her dress. Before the match even started, the Canadian approached the umpire and asked if she could get changed after finding an issue with her dress during the warm-up. “Can this not count as one of my changeovers?” she asked, adding: “I mean it’s not my fault, it’s Nike’s fault, this dress is so bad.” As the chair official discussed the matter with her, the world No 48 could be heard saying: “Okay, yeah, I need to go. This is so bad.” Andreescu was given an exception to change her clothes without it counting towards her allowance of off-court breaks as the umpire explained the situation to her opponent, who appeared to accept the matter. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confirms new tournament after US Open ban  It appeared that the design of the flowy, pleated skirt was bothering Andreescu in the wind and the former world No 4 re-emerged shortly after in a vest and skirt, going on to take the first set 6-0 with the new outfit clearly paying off. The 2019 champion then found herself 0-4 down in the second set to the Frenchwoman who was responsible for upsetting Serena Williams in the first round of Wimbledon earlier this summer. Andreescu got one of the breaks back but was dragged into a third set, winning 6-0 3-6 6-1. DON'T MISS Murray left bemused as double bounce sees Cerundolo concede pointRonnie O'Sullivan sends message to Serena Williams ahead of retirement'Biggest force in tennis history' Serena Williams ready to end era  It remains to be seen whether the sportswear giant will punish Andreescu for publicly slating them on court, with some fans questioning whether Nike will stop their sponsorship altogether. The 22-year-old shared a positive post about her sponsor just one day ago, thanking the brand for their support.  Recreating a photo she took four years ago with her dog Coco in front of the New York skyline, Andreescu wrote: “4 years apart #wetriedlol thank you Nike fam for always being so great! @Nikecourt”. 