The breakdown of Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales’ marriage was well-documented as the ‘War of the Waleses’ unfolded back in the Nineties. Their relationship woes dominated the front pages, putting the Royal Family at the centre of a huge scandal. Amid the drama surrounding her marital issues, Diana relied on those closest to her, one of whom was her elder son Prince William, who, even at his young age, provided his mother with a “shoulder to cry on”. Now, a former royal correspondent has claimed that William not only looked out for his mother, but also his younger brother Prince Harry during the royal fallout.Simon McCoy, a broadcasting legend and Sky News’ first royal correspondent, claimed that William protected Harry from the details of their parents’ failing relationship.Appearing on last week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast, Mr McCoy said: “He [William] was much more aware of it [Diana and Charles’ relationship breakdown] because his was the shoulder she [Diana] was crying on.“He was protecting her and I think, to some degree, also protecting Harry from what was going on.”Mr McCoy told Kinsey Schofield, the podcast’s host, that “William grew up very, very fast because he was the man at the time, a very young man — but he was the person that she [Diana] was relying on to see her through". READ MORE: 'Attempt at alternative Royal Family?' Meghan and Harry's UK return questioned by expert He continued: “And that’s why you seem how — old beyond his years is probably a fair way of putting it. He is someone who at his heart has kindness, which he inherited from his mother certainly.“And he understands more about that sort of pressure more than, perhaps, Harry, which might explain why Harry is where he is.”While William remains a full-time working royal, who will one day ascend the throne, Harry stepped down from his royal duties and relocated to the United States.Back in 2020, Harry and his wife Meghan Markle announced that they would be taking a step back from their senior roles within the Royal Family to pursue other interests. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex moved to North America, before eventually settling in Montecito, California — an affluent enclave home to A-List celebrities.A year later, they confirmed that they would not be returning to the Firm.Their subsequent bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey exacerbated the already strained relationship between the Sussexes and the Royal Family, particularly the brotherly bond between William and Harry.Harry told Oprah that he thought his brother and father were “trapped” within the Firm. DON'T MISS'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview  [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] Since then, it appears that the two princes’ relationship has hardly improved.In June, Harry and Meghan returned to the UK for the first time with their two children — three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet.Ahead of their visit, it was reported that the Sussexes were asked to keep a low profile to avoid overshadowing the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations.Harry and Meghan only attended two public events — Trooping the Colour and a national service of thanksgiving for Her Majesty. While both the Cambridges and the Sussexes attended the service, the public didn't see either the brothers or the sisters-in-law interact with one another. The seating arrangement followed the pecking order, which meant Meghan and Harry had to be seated in the second row, far from Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and William. They reportedly did not exchange a word or even make eye contact during the event, with the Sussexes only stopping briefly to chat with Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips before heading back to Windsor. And one royal expert has claimed there are slender prospects of reconciliation between William and Harry. Speaking to the Daily Beast earlier this month, Andrew Morton said: “I very much doubt they will be reconciled. There is a lot of wishful thinking about this.” The author of ‘Diana: Her True Story’ continued: “The closest parallel is George VI and Edward VIII. “George VI adored his brother, like Harry adored William, they were inseparable, but then he abdicated, moved abroad and the relationship was never the same again. “William and Harry are in a similar situation.” Mr Morton added: “As we saw at the Jubilee, when the time they spent in London was brief to say the least, there was no suggestion of having dinner or lunch or getting the children together. “They will go their separate ways, and the longer Harry and Meghan stay in America, the more comfortable they will be there.” William and Kate are expected to travel to the US later this year for the Earthshot Prize awards ceremony. It is unknown whether they will visit the Sussexes during their trip.