Having a presentable property is one thing to consider when it comes to selling your home but experts at BOXT have revealed that it’s not the only thing to consider in the current housing market. New data from their energy experts found that making a few simple improvements can increase the value of a house by as much as 23.18 percent on average. Here’s how much your home’s value could increase and the key changes to make to cash in on the results.  The Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) is required when selling or renting any property and includes a rating given to the building on a scale of A to G. This certificate is used to measure the quality of the property’s energy efficiency, alongside a report which outlines ways to cut fuel bills and reduce carbon emissions. According to new data from BOXT, the general trend across England and Wales showed that local authorities with a higher percentage of EPCs at grade C and above had a higher average house cost. So how much can a good EPC rating really add to the value of your property? READ MORE: ‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants By improving the energy efficiency of a house to the next EPC percentage interval, BOXT found that: A spokesperson said: “Overall, by increasing the percentage of EPCs at Grade C and above by around 10 percent, you could potentially add 23 percent to your house’s value. “It will take some investment to improve this though, however, in the long run, it could be hugely beneficial.” Reducing energy costs while boosting your home’s value is easy to do with a few simple changes around the house. This step is small but effective and can be applied to every room in your property. They are more energy efficient and eco-friendly, which can reduce your energy bills over time. Walls and loft spaces are responsible for around 33 percent of heat lost in the home, so insulation is crucial to reduce wastage and limit the amount of energy you do need to feel the warmth. While solid wall insulation is more expensive, it will lead to large energy savings and have a positive impact on your EPC rating. DON'T MISS:Norway energy cut: UK urged to take drastic measures [INSIGHT]Energy Bills: What will happen if you don’t pay? [REVEAL]How to 'reduce your electricity bill' with solar panels [ANALYSIS] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Installing a new boiler can be an expensive improvement, though there are good deals out there if you know where to look. While it is an investment, a new, more efficient boiler can make serious improvements to your home’s heating system and can save you, or your buyers a lot of money. In fact, a new boiler could see your EPC rating increase by as much as 40 points according to the Norfolk Agents. Draughts can occur as a result of ill-fitting doors, missing draught excluders on letterboxes, gaps in window seals, and other small issues, all of which can be easily solved. Chimneys are particularly crucial to draught-proof as they are known to make a significant difference to EPC ratings. While individual properties carry their own EPC, certain areas can have a collectively low percentage of energy efficiency properties. If the number of these homes at band C and above is really low in a local authority, BOXT recommended looking in other regions while moving house. According to their research, the place with the best energy value score is Knowsley, in North West England. Located in the Liverpool city region, Knowsley tops the list with a percentage of EPCs at grade C and above 12 percent higher than the UK average, earning a 9.31/10 energy score. This coupled with a reasonable house price of £165k, makes for a perfect balance for buyers. BOXT ranked the following regions in the top five places to buy a “green home”: