LBC caller Mark from Croydon reacted to the Lionesses' victory against Germany at the Euro 2022 and said England's Women's team “showed men how to play sport, not only football”. Comparing female footballers to male players, he argued “in men’s football they’re all drama queens” but stressed the Lionesses “played as a team and backed one another up”. The caller told LBC host Rachel Johnson: “[Lionesses are] showing the men how to play sport, not only football but also cricket or rugby. “Yes, they did go down and get back up, but they didn’t dive and they just played football as it should be played. “I am so proud of the team. “They played their hearts out. “I am proud of every single one of them." Referring to the Lionesses, Ms Johnson pointed out “You don’t see the sort of preening prima donnas. “They all have the same hairstyle. “They’re not trying to be the diva superstar galactic that male footballers are.” READ MORE: Boston stabbing: Man, 22, charged with murder of nine-year-old Lillia Caller Mark responded: “In men’s football they’re drama queens. “They played as a team, they didn’t play as individuals. “They backed one another up. “It was amazing”. DON'T MISS: First pictures of ‘truly amazing’ boys killed in triple fatal crash [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: Von der Leyen hands Irish fishermen major lifeline [LISTEN]Piers Morgan gives opinion on EXACTLY who he thinks should be next PM [INSIGHT] The comments came as England’s Women's football team won 2-1 against Germany at Euro 2022 final. The final was held yesterday at Wembley Stadium, where over 600,000 people attended. In light of the win, the FA have announced that a victory parade in honour of the Lionesses will take place on Monday at Trafalgar Square from 11am. Up to 7,000 fans will be allowed to enter the parade and celebrate the final win over Germany. The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan reacted to the victory and in a message of congratulations to the team, he wrote: “I couldn’t be more proud of the team today – they’ve displayed extraordinary talent and determination throughout the tournament, they’ve broken records, and now they’ve made history. “The Women’s Euro 22 will have inspired a new generation of women footballers and I hope this paves the way for better access to football for girls in school, more investment in grassroots girls and women’s football, and much more support for girls and women in all sports”. READ NEXT: Stop Brexit man Steve Bray tries gatecrash Boris wedding partyJohn Curtice issues stark Brexit warning to Truss and SunakBoris savaged on huge Brexit blunder – UK STILL tied to EURishi Sunak dealt killer blow after Liz Truss secures huge endorsement'Euro is like the Titanic!' EU blasted as huge crisis looms