The claims have been made Simon Clarke, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, and Kwasi Kwarteng, the Business Secretary, who are both backing Foreign Secretary Liz Truss in the Tory leadership race. The Cabinet ministers - two of the most senior Government members with economic briefs - alleged Rishi Sunak "dug his heels in" as Chancellor over cutting European Union regulations once the UK had left the bloc. They named two specific examples - pushing back against reforms to the European Union's Solvency II rule which makes it harder for pension funds to invest in UK infrastructure projects, and the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol Bill. This was introduced into parliament by Ms Truss - who was leading the talks with Brussels over the issue - and seeks to unilaterally override the treaty agreed between the two sides. Mr Clarke and Mr Kwarteng wrote in the Daily Telegraph: "He (Rishi Sunak) talks about cutting EU regulations, yet dug his heels in as chancellor against efforts to do exactly that and realise the benefits of Brexit. "We both saw it in Cabinet, including resisting reforms to the EU's Solvency II regulation - making it harder for pension funds and investors to invest in British business and infrastructure – and being backward-leaning on moving ahead with legislation to fix issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol." A campaign source for the former Chancellor told the newspaper it was “categorically wrong” that he had slowed efforts to ditch the Solvency II rule. The insider also claimed Mr Sunak supported standing up to the EU over trade issues in Northern Ireland, noting a trade war with Brussels could be extremely damaging. Earlier this week, the Tory leadership contender expressed his frustration at the slow pace of tearing up EU red tape still strangling the UK as he unveiled details about how he plans to erase it in his first 100 days as Prime Minister. He posted a video to his Twitter account which opens on a printed-out sign on a door reading “Brexit Delivery Department” before showing someone carrying an electric shredder into an office. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Idiots!' Ryanair CEO lashes out at Brexiteers That person puts down piles of papers onto a table with the words “EU Legislation”, “EU Red Tape” and “EU Bureaucracy". This paperwork pile quickly grows with another shredder brought in as a title card promises: “In his first 100 days as Prime Minister, Rishi Sunak will review or repeal post-Brexit EU laws … all 2400 of them." The person then begins shredding the files to the strains of Ode to Joy – the official EU anthem. A caption alongside the tweeted video reads: "A new Brexit delivery unit. Reviewing every EU law on our statute book. Starting in my first 100 days. DON'T MISSLeigh voters FURIOUS over broken Brexit Truss promise [VIDEO]M5 traffic latest: British Airways Boeing 747 plane driven up motorway [PICTURES]Britain has gone soft, says SIR BERNARD INGHAM [OPINION] "Let’s keep Brexit safe." But Mr Sunak then came under attack when a former Tory MEP said the former Chancellor would leave Brexit Britain "entrenched" in EU laws which we should now be free to repeal. David Campbell-Bannerman claimed the pledge from the Tory leadership contender to review or repeal all 2400 post-Brexit EU laws within his first 100 days in office is “cynically designed to change as little as possible”. He claimed Liz Truss has the "huge level of ambition" required to complete EU deregulation. Despite being the Foreign Secretary, she campaigned for the UK to remain in the EU - unlike Mr Sunak, who supported Britain leaving the bloc. Mr Campbell-Bannerman wrote in the Daily Telegraph: “This is the kind of pledge cynically designed to change as little as possible. “In fact, it is more likely just to entrench the wads of inappropriate EU rules already on our statute book, maybe with a little renaming. “No, figuring out what is necessary and doable, and undertaking serious reform will take far longer than three months.”