If you're stuck at home and in need of something to keep you busy this weekend, then you might want to check out the latest freebies on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Indeed, for a limited time only, anybody with a PS4, PS5, Xbox Series X/S, or PC, can download and play mammoth open-world game Far Cy 6 for free. Ubisoft shooter Far Cry 6 is free to download and play until end of play on August 7, so check it out now before it's too late. If you enjoy the Far Cry 6 trial, you can continue to play by purchasing the full version, which is available at a discounted price. Ubisoft explains more: "New players will have access to the full game, as well as all free downloadable content published to date, all playable together in co-op. "Players can team up with friends to save Yara, fight alongside Danny Trejo to deliver tacos, join forces with a Rambo superfan, rescue Chorizo from The Shadow Place, and so much more! "Those who want to continue their fight against Antón Castillo’s regime in Far Cry 6 will keep their game progression and enjoy discounts on the game, Season Pass and DLCs." Additional free games are also available on Xbox, where The Serpent Rogue and Roguebook join the Free Play Days promotion. Available for Xbox Gold subscribers, The Serpent Rogue is a dark adventure game in which players explore a medieval world. "Experiment with various types of potions and recipes and use your alchemy to evolve creatures you meet along the way and even transform your own body’s abilities to create or change situations to your advantage while helping the denizens of this cursed land. "Beware though: your actions have consequences… Will you be the hero of our tale… or the villain?" Roguebook, meanwhile, is a card-based roguelike from the creators of Magic The Gathering. "Brave the pages of the Roguebook in this roguelike card game from the creators of Magic the Gathering and Faeria. "Battle against creatures and legends from Faeria’s history as you find the best combination of cards, relics, and abilities to escape the Roguebook. Regardless of which heroes you’ve chosen, each run will be wildly different, and you’ll need to be at the top of your game if you plan to make it out of the Roguebook intact." Over on PC, Epic Games Store customers can grab a free copy of Unrailed until 4pm BST on August 11. The co-op multiplayer release tasks players with building train tracks across procedurally-generated worlds.