Heavyweight contender Michael Hunter believes that Oleksandr Usyk can defeat Tyson Fury by outmanoeuvring his larger foe. Despite a 30lb weight advantage for The Gypsy King plus a six-inch height difference, Hunter claims that it “won’t make as much difference as people think.” The American should know; he’s fought both men. In 2017, he was handed the first and only defeat of his professional career against Usyk when they competed for the Ukrainian’s WBO cruiserweight title in Maryland. Despite some early success, winning the first three rounds off the jab – Usyk came back and took control of the contest, with his tricky feet paying dividends in the end. Hunter also boxed Tyson Fury as an amateur in 2007, losing via a points decision in a contest that The Bounty still claims he won to this day. Weighing in on a fight between Usyk and Fury, Hunter told Sky Sports: "You know how to adjust a little bit more, you know how to adapt, make him use his own weight against him. I've been fighting big guys my whole career, professional and amateur. "Against somebody that's kind of his size, then he can use his weight. Somebody that's tall like him, then he can be big like that. But somebody that's on their feet like [Usyk], not to say he can't use his size because he is big, but it's a little bit harder. "I think Usyk would need to make a couple of adjustments, but I don't think the weight will make as much of a difference as people think. That's just my opinion. MORE BOXING NEWS... KSI batters Luis Pineda for second win in one night KSI and Jake Paul react to Deji winning first ever boxing match Deji snaps losing streak as he stops Fousey to the delight of O2 "He's an endurance athlete. He's going to move a lot. It's a styles-make-fights thing, a little different tactics to Usyk-Anthony Joshua. I think it would be an interesting fight. I'm pretty sure that Usyk would do very well." Usyk and Fury are reportedly in negotiations to stage the first undisputed heavyweight unification clash of the four-belt era in either December or early 2023. According to Fury’s US promoter, Bob Arum, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates (Abu Dhabi), and the United States (Las Vegas) are among the possible locations. Saudi Arabia are believed to be the favourites with Saudi minister for sport, Prince Mohammad Abdulaziz, confirming that the Kingdom is ‘very interested’ in hosting the event with the desired location being in the nation’s capital of Riyadh.