  Tyler Perry believes Meghan Markle is truly happy “now” after having to “endure things that would have broken a lot of people”. The comedic actor and filmmaker shared a supportive message about the Duchess of Sussex on Twitter and Instagram two days ago.      Tyler, who is a close friend of Meghan’s, has claimed the Duchess is in a much happier place in a special birthday message, as the former Royal celebrated her 41st birthday on Thursday. He shared some heartfelt words about his friend on both Instagram and Twitter on Friday, which was one day after the former actress turned 41. On Instagram, he included a picture of Meghan crouching down to kiss a little girl’s hand while on a visit to South Africa in 2019. He captioned the post: "I’ve had a front row seat in your life for the past few years. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning     “I’ve watched you endure things that would have broken a lot of people. “I'm so incredibly proud to see how happy you, your husband, and your kids are now. “It fills me with joy to say Happy Birthday Princess Meghan.” (sic) Meghan and her husband Prince Harry formed a close relationship with Tyler when they left the UK for a life across the pond.     During the couple’s move from Canada, they stayed in the comedy icon’s $15million LA mansion whilst looking for a permanent home. In her famous 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duchess revealed that the star had offered the pair his "security" while they were staying there after their UK taxpayer-funded protection was removed when they stepped down from royal duties. Nearly four months later, Harry and Meghan moved into their own family home in Montecito, Calif, 100 miles north of Los Angeles. A source told PEOPLE at the time how grateful the famous couple were for the filmmaker’s generosity. READ MORE... Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [LATEST] Anne Heche 'rushed to hospital with burns as car crashes into house' [NEWS] Brooklyn Beckham's wife thanks dad for 'having my back' amid struggles [NEWS]     "They have endless gratitude to him for helping them during a complicated time," a source close to the couple confirmed. "With COVID and as they were stepping back from their royal duties, he provided them a safe haven." Tyler is an American actor and filmmaker, who is famed for his Madea character, a tough elderly woman. He has written many plays, shows and films over the course of his career, winning the Governor's Award from the Primetime Emmy Awards in 2020.   That same year, he was included in Time's list of the 100 most influential people. In 2011, Forbes listed Tyler as the highest-paid man in entertainment, earning US$130 million between May 2010 and May 2011. Tyler is also known for developing several high-profile television shows, including Tyler Perry's House of Payne, which ran for eight seasons on TBS from 2006 to 2012. Tyler has also acted in award-winning films, including 2014’s Gone Girl, 2018’s Vice and 2021’s Don’t Look Up.