Motorists will no longer be able to stop, park, or even unload on some roads in the heart of the Lake District. This is an attempt to decrease congestion in the area and make it easier for emergency services to pass down some of the most scenic routes in the UK. All vehicles are banned from waiting at any time, on any day and banned from loading or unloading at any time. A stretch of the A591 near Ambleside is also affected by the driving law changes. In the past, illegally or poorly parked cars on narrow roads have caused havoc for other cars getting past. It has been highlighted most prominently with emergency services having difficulties responding to incidents. READ MORE: August driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules Councillor Keith Little, cabinet member for highways and transport, commented on the changes, saying he is “hopeful” it will work. He said: “There have been a number of issues on these routes in recent years. “Our first priority must be public safety and ensuring our road network is safe, reliable and accessible for local people and for tourists visiting this beautiful area. "It is vital that we are able to identify solutions that ensure the accessibility of bus services and emergency vehicles, as well as promoting sustainable travel by prohibiting vehicles from parking on roadsides and causing mayhem for other road users. DON'T MISSDrivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairs [WARNING]Driver hit with parking note from angry neighbour after blocking road [SHOCKING]'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack [INSIGHT] "I am hopeful that these measures will result in a much-improved travel experience, whilst ensuring access for emergency vehicles and so that important bus services are able to run on time, and without obstruction," the BBC reported. Council enforcement officers will patrol the areas, with any drivers who do not abide by the new measure are at risk of fines. Drivers may face a fixed penalty amounting to £30 if paid within seven days. The fine may be increased if it is not settled within that time. Any vehicle is banned from waiting at any time on any day and to load or unload at any time. It is expected that this will also include blue badge holders. Last week Cumbria police issued a warning to drivers who had obstructed the A591 in Ambleside by parking on the solid white lines. Because of the lack of adequate bus services, more than 90 percent of the Lake District’s 19 million annual visitors arrive by car. In 2021, the Lake District National Park Authority announced it would be pushing ahead with plans to become carbon net zero by 2025. This came after 12 months of carbon emission reducing initiatives. In the previous year, the organisation that looks after the national park says last year it reduced its carbon footprint by 33 percent. Achieving net zero means that by 2025 the Lake District National Park Authority’s activities will result in no net impact on the climate from greenhouse gas emissions. Richard Leafe, Chief Executive of the National Park Authority, said: "Whilst we’re announcing this now, we’ve been committed to reducing our carbon emissions over the last decade. "This is crucial for slowing down the effects of climate change and means we’ll meet the latest Government guidance which is now law."