Emmerdale’s Dan Spencer (played by Liam Fox) and his teenage daughter Amelia (Daisy Campbell) have had a rough time of late in the ITV soap. Not only has Dan had to deal with the shock of Amelia’s pregnancy, but the pair were also made homeless after Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) got them evicted. Luckily for them, Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) saved the day after offering Dan and Amelia a place to stay. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Liam has teased what’s in store for Dan and Amelia. “What I am doing at the minute is quite exciting,” the actor began. “I am loving work more at the minute than I have done in years. It is really, really good. “I love working with my on-screen daughter, she is fantastic, and I love being on set. READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  “I think over the next few months, the Emmerdale viewers are going to be very happy with the direction of the show and stuff that happens as the year moves on.” In recent scenes in Emmerdale, Amelia was forced to come clean about her pregnancy when she bumped into Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) at the doctors. At the time, the teenager told the Dingle favourite that her son Noah (Jack Downham), was the father. Charity was horrified at first, especially after discovering how far along Amelia was in her pregnancy, however, she quickly came around after admitting she was pregnant too. However, it has since been revealed that Noah is not the father of Amelia's baby. "Deep down she would [wish Noah was the father] because, without giving away who it is, the other father is not really around," the soap star said about the storyline. "Now she has got this connection with Noah, deep down she's wishing it was him because he's around more than this other person." The Amelia Spencer star went on to admit that her onscreen father Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) doesn't take the pregnancy news well. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [REACTION]BBC Breakfast viewers distracted by host's appearance after return [VIDEO]Oti Mabuse horrifies Big Breakfast viewers with 'disgusting' habit [INSIGHT] He also ends up butting heads with Noah when the teenager believed he was the father. "He knows what Noah has been like with Chloe and Gabby in the past," the actress continued to Digital Spy. "But because Amelia is so much younger than Noah as well, Dan is protective over her so he doesn't take to it well at all. There's a massive clash between Noah and Dan." The actress also recently appeared on ITV's Lorraine Kelly, where she told Ranvir Singh that she and her onscreen father Liam came up with the pregnancy storyline. "We were like right, we can put this story together," Daisy explained before adding: "We thought we could just pitch it to producers." "Yes, they can be sometimes," Daisy continued when asked whether the producers are open to ideas. "So we pitched it to them and they were like, 'Yeah, we will think about it.' "And then I got told about the weight gain storyline and in January I got told about the pregnancy." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.