Newcastle have reportedly joined the race to sign the £10million-rated Maxi Gomez from Valencia. The Magpies are thought to face competition from the likes of Everton, Borussia Monchengladbach and Fenerbahce for the 26-year-old striker, who is understood to be keen on leaving the La Liga side this summer.  The Magpies continued their impressive start to the season on Sunday, claiming a point in a thrilling 3-3 draw with reigning Premier League champions Manchester City. Eddie Howe's side appear to have carried the momentum from their fine finish to the last season into the current campaign, but the Newcastle boss remains intent on adding to his ranks in order to further improve before the summer transfer window comes to a close. The Magpies have already acquired the likes of Sven Botman, Matt Target and Nick Pope in the current window, but have made no secret of their desire to add to their attack as well. With the signing of a striker high up on the club's agenda, it seems the focus has shifted to Valencia hitman Gomez. According to Sky Sports Germany reporter Florian Plettenberg, Newcastle have joined the likes of Everton and Fenerbahce in the hunt for the Uruguayan goalscorer. Gomez, who is said to want to leave Valencia this summer, is understood to have also held talks with Gladbach, however the Bundesliga outfit are said to have baulked at the forward's £10m price tag. JUST IN: Ajax boss mocks Man Utd and gives brutally honest Antony transfer verdict Should Newcastle emerge victorious in the race for the striker, they would have quite the player on their hands. According to Spanish football expert Tim Vickery, Gomez is physically ready to cope with the demands of the Premier League. Vickery told Sky Sports: “He is fearsomely strong. "Opponents almost bounce off him, he is so physically strong. He is known as ‘The Bull’. You look at him and physically, he is a bull. He is a very, very strong, powerful centre-forward with plenty of technical gifts as well.” READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd receive transfer domino boost from wantaway Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech Having broken through with Defensor Sporting back in his homeland, 29 goals and 12 assists in just 52 appearances saw the striker earn a move to Spain with Celta Vigo. After then plundering 31 goals in 75 appearances for the Sky Blues, fellow La Liga outfit Valencia moved to sign Gomez in a deal which saw Los Che pay £12.5m for his services while sending both Santi Mina and Jorge Saenz the other way. Upon signing Gomez, Valencia also included a release clause worth in excess of £118.5m in his contract. However, with the 27-time Uruguayan international having struck just 22 goals in 108 appearances since his move to the Mestalla in 2019, it seems as little as £10m is all it may take for Newcastle to capture the forward this summer. 