Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge is a proud mum of Prince George, 9, Princess Charlotte, 7 and four-year-old Prince Louis. Just like any parent, the 40-year-old is very protective of her children. According to editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, Ingrid Seward, Kate is "worried" about exposing the young royals to the public eye. The royal expert appeared on True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat to discussed Kate's fears. Ms Seward told True Royalty's The Royal Beat: "I think Kate has to wrap some semblance of normality around them. "She knows what it can do. "She's seen it, she's been around long enough." She added: "For centuries, the royals have been saying we just want to be like normal children, but they're not like normal children. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Wanted the title' Meghan's hopes of 'Hollywood celebrity game' dashed "They live in a very rare and privileged world. "I think it's extremely hard to keep their little feet on the ground." She added: "Of course when you see them, like at the Jubilee, and then when kids see photographs of themselves, I mean they start to really go for it. "I think this is a danger that Kate's very aware of." READ MORE: 'Cheeky & hilarious' Kate & William make waves with younger generation in resurfaced pics She made note of Kate's youngest child, Louis, who became a "superstar" during the Platinum Jubilee with his hilarious and cheeky appearances. Ms Seward said: "That probably would have worried her [Kate] a bit." In 2020, Kate appeared as a guest on Giovanna Fletcher’s Happy Mum Happy Baby podcast. Following the episode airing, Kate was praised for opening up about her personal struggles with parenthood. DON'T MISS Giovanna asked if Kate struggled from mum guilt, the Duchess replied: “Yes absolutely - and anyone who doesn’t as a mother is actually lying. Yes - all the time. “There’s such a pull, but I am such a hands-on mum, and whatever you’re doing you want to make sure you’re doing the uttermost best job you can for your children." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are known to be very mindful of their children's privacy, with Kate taking charge of their official birthday pictures from a very young age to appease the public interest and minimise the chances of paparazzi intrusion. They have however relaxed their limit on public outings as all three children were heavily involved in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. George and Charlotte escorted their parents to Wales during the long weekend, and the two also enjoyed a solo outing each with their parents to attend the Wimbledon final and the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham respectively. READ NEXT: