Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly has been urged to continue spending before the transfer window closes on Thursday after the Blues’ 2-1 defeat to Southampton. Thomas Tuchel’s side have spent over £200million on transfers this summer as Wesley Fofana was recently announced after the signings of Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney Chukwuemeka and Gabriel Slonina, but they have been told to keep adding to the squad before the window slams shut. Former Chelsea defender Scott Minto has claimed that after signing Fofana in a £70m deal from Leicester, the Blues “need” to resume negotiations for Everton star Anthony Gordon and add another striker to Tuchel’s forward options. “They [Chelsea] need an out-and-out striker and listening to you guys talk about Anthony Gordon, maybe they need him playing with passion as well as skill and technique as well," Minto told talkSPORT. “At the moment they have a lot of flair players, but they’re not getting on the ball and in the second half it was Southampton who stepped it up and fully deserved the three points in the end. It was disappointing for Chelsea and it’s going to be an interesting last couple of days before the transfer window finishes.” JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel Sterling put Chelsea ahead on the South coast on Tuesday but goals from Romeo Lavia and Adam Armstrong saw Southampton come from behind to hand Tuchel back-to-back away defeats in the Premier League this season. Minto has called out two players for their roles in the defeat, and that the German boss did all that he could to prevent the defeat. “For me, Hakim Ziyech, it wouldn’t bother me if he didn’t play for Chelsea again,” Minto added. “It was difficult for Christian Pulisic coming on but again, he’s another player who has flattered to deceive over the last 18 months or so. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes “The goal that made it 2-1 gave Southampton a big cheer and a big pat on the back. Coming off at half-time everyone in the stadium was up for it. Okay, it’s half-time. How are Chelsea going to react? They did not react at all in the second half. “I think that Thomas Tuchel did all that he can with what he had on the bench. He went from a three, to a four, to a three again and bringing on all his attacking players that he thought he could in terms of senior professionals, but they just weren’t good enough.” Fofana was announced the day after the Southampton defeat after completing his medical in the US, but a potential move for Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been complicated as the Gabon forward may require surgery after suffering a broken jaw during a robbery in his home.