Sally Nugent and Jon Kay were back on Bank Holiday Monday to bring BBC Breakfast viewers the latest news headlines. The duo also spoke with University Challenge voice over presenter Roger Gilling as the show celebrates 60 years. However, during one segment, Jon made an admission of his own about when he appeared on University Challenge. He went on to tell Sally it was the "most terrifying" experience. Sally began: "University Challenge has been around for 60 years. Radical guest on the programme, Jon Kay. "The best brains in Britain, like superstars, academics..." "People who just happen to be near the studio and got involved with a Christmas special a couple of years ago," Jon joked. before adding: "It was the most terrifying thing I've ever done." "And you answered a question," Sally chipped in before her co-star added: "I answered one question." READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘very worried’ he’s ‘going to be in trouble’ with memoir Poking fun at Jon, sally joked: "And it was alcohol-related." "I didn't speak again," he replied. "Literally, I thought, 'I've got one in the bag, Jon, don't risk it'." "It must be so nerve-wracking though because it's the music [and] when they announce your name," Sally said. "It's all part of the history. You must have been terrified. I would be too scared to do it."  "And Paxman was asking us the questions," Jon replied as Sally asked: "Was he mean?" Jon nodded in agreement, as he added: "Yes, there was no small talk, no chit chat. It was straight in asking questions." However, Jon went on to describe the University host as "charming". Later on in the programme, Jon and Sally spoke with University Challenge star Roger about what it's like to be the voice-over for the show. "What surprised me when I was there, was that you are in there [the studio]," Roger told him. "I always assumed that if I pressed my button, you would have pre-recorded my name and that was that, but you're there every time somebody presses, you do it live." DON'T MISS...Endeavour fans devastated as boss shares disappointing update [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent forced to cut interview over 'problem' [VIDEO]BBC backlash as Arctic Monkeys 'ban' live performance from airing [REACTION] "Yeah, I am there on a little bit of rickety scaffolding in the back of the studio," Roger replied. "Which is good because if it was pre-recorded, it would sound the same throughout the programme, and as you know, the last few minutes can be frantic." "Well, as you know you only had to do it once for me," the BBC Breakfast host joked. The voice-over presenter continued: "The scores are neck and neck, and I'm speeding up as well because I'm really engrossed in what's going on. You just can't avoid it." Earlier this year, Jeremy Paxman shocked fans by announcing he was stepping down from University Challenge. It was later revealed that Amol Rajan would be replacing Jeremy as the presenter. When speaking about landing the role, Amol said it "was a dream come true." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.