Carrie Dodds was diagnosed with acute Myeloid Leukaemia just over a month ago. Concerned doctors told the 40-year-old she may not survive for more than a day but she has defied the odds and has been able to make wedding plans with partner, Shaun. Carrie said a doctor had now told her she could "have a future" despite how quickly the cancer attacked her body. She said: "I had to have chemotherapy and a blood wash. Once I had that, [the doctor] said I could have a future and that's when I started to pick up."  Carrie, from Blackpool, is 25 weeks pregnant and has been described by friends as "an absolute lioness" as she continues to fight the disease while protecting her unborn baby, reports Lancs Live. She said she will hopefully be induced at 32-weeks in order for her to receive stem cell treatment.   Since being diagnosed, Carrie said she has been in and out of hospital for six weeks and she now returns every day for therapy. She added: "I've got eight days of chemo, and then I'll go to Manchester for the bone marrow at the end. "I think I've got three or four rounds of chemo and I've got to have my baby at 32-weeks because I can't have the stem cell treatment while I'm pregnant because it's dangerous to her." Not knowing what Carrie's circumstances will be like in the future, marrying Shaun was the one thing she wanted to make sure she did. They are due to wed at The Wedding Chapel on Blackpool Promenade on September 2. In a bid to ease the pressure on family and "give them their one special day", a fundraiser has been set up by pal Teri Burgess who is asking for donations to make sure Carrie "feels like a princess after all her fight" and to give her "the strength to keep fighting by showing her how much she is loved". Speaking before their wedding date was set, Carrie said: "Honestly, we appreciate any help we can get as the Wedding Chapel is going to get us married as soon as possible as I don't know how far or how long I'm going to get in the treatment. They told me I had 24 hours to live and here I am against all the odds. "I don't know how far I will get but here is hoping I beat this awful disease, my dream and wish, with me having very little family and no mum and dad, is to marry my soul mate, my best friend, my rock and life partner. I have five other children as well who are helping us along the way to make my dream come true." When The Wedding Chapel confirmed the date, Carrie said: "Just to know I am going to have my dream come true is making me want to fight back more and take my life back that they said I wasn't going to have, I'm a warrior and am giving it my all." People can donate to the fund for Carrie and Shaun's wedding here.