Commander of Russia's Southern Military District Aleksandr Dvornikov has ordered 1,200 conscripts to be sent to Crimea as the Kremlin attempts to mass-recruit after suffering heavy losses. Ukrainian intelligence suggests military commissars are attempting to conscript from Moscow and St Petersburg. The Intelligence of the Ministry of Defence reported: “Muscovites and St Petersburgers called up during covert mobilization will man the military units stationed in the temporarily occupied Crimea.” The recruitment drive comes after a series of explosions in the Russian-held oblast, which was captured by Moscow in 2014. On Wednesday, a large-scale fire was reported in the Krasnogvardeyskoye region of Crimea. Images shared on Telegram showed huge clouds of black smoke billowing from the site which local sources have claimed is an oil depot. The attacks in Crimea - which was initially thought to be too far behind the front lines to be hit - appear to have begun on August 9 with a strike on the Saki air base in which eight fighter jets were destroyed. Following the strike, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: “One can literally feel in the air of Crimea that the occupation there is temporary, and Ukraine is returning.” The attacks in Crimea have so far consisted of independent strikes, rather than a concerted effort to recapture the land. Commenting on the renewed effort to station recruits in the area, the Ukrainian Intelligence Agency added: “As there are no active hostilities in Crimea yet, servicemen are not offered to sign a contract, which may indicate saving money and reluctance to pay allowances provided for by Russian legislation. "Some 1,200 conscripts will serve and die under the blows of Ukrainian troops and at the hands of partisans for a conscript’s salary, and this is about five thousand rubles (about 82 US dollars).” General Dvornikov, the so-called "Butcher of Syria", gained notoriety for his prominent role in the Syrian war, where forces under his command were responsible for widespread abuses against the civilian population and frequently accused of committing crimes against humanity. He has been described as an “old school” general, trained in Soviet military doctrines that view obliterating civilian targets as a means of gaining battlefield momentum. Russia’s Syrian campaign was viewed by Putin as a success, and General Dvornikov was awarded the hero of Russia medal, one of the country’s highest awards, for his contribution. Russia lost very few troops or aircraft in the conflict and was able to maintain air supremacy throughout. DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Is Emmanuel Macron a friend of Britain? [GET INVOLVED]Emmanuel Macron breaks silence on Liz Truss swipe as he mocks British [REACTION]Fury as Labour attacked for siding with France and the EU to bash UK [UPDATE] This same cannot be said for the war in Ukraine, which has seen heavy Russian losses since the invasion began on February 24. On Wednesday, the Ukrainian Defence Ministry estimated Russia had lost in excess of 47,900 military personnel in just over six months. Other military losses are estimated to be similarly severe, with 1,974 tanks, 4,312 armoured vehicles, 1,091 artillery systems, 284 rocket systems, 152 air defence systems, 234 planes, 204 helicopters, 196 cruise missiles and 103 units of special equipment also destroyed. The Kremlin will also have its eye on Kherson, south Ukraine, where Volodymyr Zelensky's forces have launched a counter-offensive. Putin's forces were pushed back in the area by "some distance," the British Ministry of Defence (MoD) revealed in its intelligence briefing. The MoD added: "Ukrainian armoured forces have continued to assault Russia’s Southern Grouping of Forces on several axes across the south of the country since Monday. "In line with its doctrine, Russia will likely now attempt to plug the gaps in its line using pre-designated mobile reserve units. These will likely include some of those from the Eastern Grouping of Forces."