Manchester United got off to the worst possible start in their match against Brentford after David de Gea's calamitous error from Josh Dasilva's tame shot. Erik ten Hag made just one change from his side's disappointing defeat to Brighton last week.  Cristiano Ronaldo came in for Scott McTominay with some hope United would be able to bounce back with a win. Brentford have not beaten United since 1938, but started the better of the two sides as the Red Devils struggled to get out of their own half. The hosts were relentless in their pressing, giving United players little time on the ball. And Brentford eventually got the reward for their hardwork in rather fortuitous circumstanes. Ronaldo was dispossesed in the middle of his own half, going down and calling for a foul. The referee waved play on as Dasilva picked up the ball from long range with no United defender coming out to close him down. The Brentford midfielder then let fly a relatively tame shot arrowing towards the bottom corner. De Gea had got down to stop the shot, but incredibly let the ball slip through his hands and into the back of the net. Dasilva appeared as shocked as everyone as he took a moment before running off to celebrate. The 23-year-old ran to celebrate infront of his home supporters, holding his arms up either side almost in an apologetic gesture to De Gea. The United goalkeeper meanwhile laid still on the ground as he mulled over his poor mistake. Barely eight minutes had passed after the first goal and Brentford soon doubled their tally after another poor judgement from the United goalkeeper.  De Gea attempted to play the ball into Christian Eriksen, who was quickly closed down by Mathias Jensen. The 26-year-old won the ball on the edge of the box before pushing his effort into the bottom corner. United players were then seen arguing with themselves as the wheels began to come off. Worse was yet to come even before half time though as Ben Mee made it 3-0 for Brentford after Lisandro Martinez was caught out. United were pushing forward in an attempt to try and get back into the game, but then left themselves short at the back with Bryan Mbeumo breaking the offside trap and scoring Brentford's fourth in just 35 minutes.