Manchester United could make another signing out of the blue before the transfer window slams shut, it has been claimed. The Red Devils have made Antony their fifth signing of the summer, with the Brazil international poised to join from Ajax for a huge £84million. However, their spending may not be over yet… It’s been a productive transfer window for Manchester United so far. After a slow start, Tyrell Malacia became the first player to arrive - with the Netherlands international opting to turn down Lyon in favour of moving to Old Trafford. Christian Eriksen then followed on a free transfer, with Lisandro Martinez then following from Ajax - with the Argentina international snubbing Arsenal. United have since proceeded to land Casemiro, while also agreeing a massive £84m dealer Antony that will see him become the club’s second most-expensive signing of all time. Many feel the club’s business is now done. But Sky Sports reporter Dharmesh Sheth, speaking to GiveMeSport, thinks United could still spring a surprise late in the window. Who would have thought that Manchester United would have been spending close to £70 million on Casemiro?” he said. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers “That wasn’t even being mooted until about a week before. “So, funny things happen in the last few days of a transfer window, and I think United will still have their eyes open.” United have, historically, made a habit of signing players out of the blue - especially in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement back in 2013. A year after the Scot quit the club, the Red Devils stunned the whole of world football by landing Radamel Falcao on loan from Monaco. The Colombia international was one of the world’s best strikers at the time but flopped at Old Trafford, scoring just four goals before being sent packing back to Ligue 1. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him After Falcao’s exit, and the departure of Robin van Persie, Louis van Gaal knew he needed a striker in 2015. So United proceeded to move for Anthony Martial, who was a relative unknown at the time, with the hitman joining for a fee of £36m. Martial has blown hot and cold in the years since but is now expected to be a key player under Erik ten Hag, having impressed under the Dutchman during pre-season. In 2016, Henrikh Mkhitaryan was expected to leave Borussia Dortmund for either Arsenal or Liverpool. But with United negotiating with the late Mino Raiola for Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, the Armenia international joined the pair at Old Trafford. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. A year later, many had been expecting the Red Devils to recruit Antoine Griezmann from Atletico Madrid. But when it became apparent the France international wouldn’t be leaving La Liga, United surprised everybody by hijacking Chelsea’s pursuit of Romelu Lukaku. In 2018, nobody expected Lee Grant or Diogo Dalot to make the move. And, in 2020, it was a similar story with Donny van de Beek, Facundo Pellistri, Amad and Edinson Cavani. The quartet didn’t initially appear to be targets for United, who allowed the world to know about their interest in Jadon Sancho instead. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Yet with the England international staying at Borussia Dortmund that year, United were left in a panic - and splashed the cash late on. Several players could still leave United before the transfer window slams shut. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is being linked with a move away, amid talk the Red Devils could swoop for Sergino Dest or Thomas Meunier. James Garner has been surprisingly deemed surplus to requirements, despite shining for Nottingham Forest in the Championship last term. And there’s still a chance Cristiano Ronaldo will depart, just 12 months on from his Hollywood homecoming. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here