His funeral is taking place in Lisburn, County Antrim, today. Politicians, including Boris Johnson, are among those attending the funeral, after the former Ulster Unionist Party Leader died last week aged 77.  Irish President Michael D Higgins is also present at the funeral. Lord Trimble received a letter from Sir Tony Blair shortly before he died, saying he had "changed lives for the better" through the Good Friday Agreement. Sir Tony told the BBC that he wanted Lord Trimble to know how important his actions were during the peace process, saying this is what "defines leadership". Lord Trimble led the UUP from 1995 to 2005 and was the first person to serve as first minister of Northern Ireland. Also in attendance is a Sinn Fein delegation, including deputy leader Michelle O'Neill, former leader Gerry Adams and former Health Minister Bairbre de Brun. Assembly Speaker Alex Maskey and former Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern are also present. Lord Trimble passed away on July 25 at the Ulster Hospital near Belfast following a short illness. Speaking to the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme, Sir Tony outlined the contents of his last letter to the dying peer, which was written because Lord Trimble was too ill to take a phone call. READ MORE: Boston stabbing: Man, 22, charged with murder of nine year-old Lillia The Good Friday Agreement, also known as the Belfast Agreement, helped bring an end to more than 30 years of violence in Northern Ireland. Lord Trimble was awarded a Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts. Despite its success, Lord Trimble, a former law professor, faced strong opposition from colleagues when signing the Good Friday Agreement 24 years ago. The deal led to the setting up of a new government at Stormont. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Furious 'Irexiteers' lose patience with EU [LIVE]Piers Morgan gives opinion on EXACTLY who he thinks should be next PM [INSIGHT]Stop Brexit man Steve Bray tries gatecrash Boris wedding party [PICTURES] The funeral is being held at Harmony Hill Presbyterian Church in Lisburn. In a statement issued on behalf of the Trimble family last week, a UUP spokesperson said: "It is with great sadness that the family of Lord Trimble announce that he passed away peacefully earlier today following a short illness." The Stormont Assembly will reconvene for a special sitting to pay tribute to Lord Trimble on Tuesday. Last week books of condolence for Lord Trimble were opened in several cities and towns across Northern Ireland. 