Every piece of data shows that, from a Conservative voter’s perspective, he is more popular than the current contenders to the leadership by a long shot. Members of a particular focus group in Esher & Walton, a Tory marginal seat in Surrey, were brutal in their appraisal of just where the Conservative Party is right now. The race to replace Boris, they compared to a Looney Tunes cartoon in which the former Chancellor and the Foreign Secretary use increasingly desperate measures to try to harm their rival… and end up damaging themselves. Across the country from Southampton to Oldham and from Walton to Wakefield the message is the same. Boris was their choice. They feel he was unfairly ousted. Sandra, a 56-year-old teacher and a swing voter, said: “I’m a Boris fan, I was disappointed that he lost the leadership.” “I really liked him” said another swing voter. “I was really, really disappointed in the way he was treated”, he continued. “The media are the ones that turned everyone against him”. A survey commissioned by another newspaper showed half of Conservative voters polled thought Boris should remain as Prime Minister. Just 20 per cent chose Mr Sunak and Ms Truss lingered on 18 per cent. On that reading, Boris is 245 per cent more popular with Conservative voters than Sunak and 272 per cent more so than Truss. There is no contest. The shift in opinion since Boris’ defenestration has come as a surprise to many in the Conservative Party leadership, but to absolutely no one else. Senior Tory apparatchiks allowed themselves, as they often do, to be swayed by both certain sections of the media (and increasingly social media) into ditching the one person who stands between electoral glory and annihilation. Memories are short. In 2019, under Theresa May, the party went into meltdown. The European Elections that year were the Conservative Party’s nadir. Theresa May oversaw the most humiliating, soul crushing, life sapping three years of our millennia-long history. Bureaucratic, charmless and imagination free, she and the Party she led were an utter embarrassment. With John Bercow as speaker every passing day was an affront to the living and the dead. Boris’ victory cleansed Parliament. Peace, for a time, came back as well as a sense of hope. His bonhomie broke the back of a Labour Party that had long ceased to care about what it considered its voters. In addition, when the chips came down, he chose the side of the 2016 rebellion. Most other supposed “Big Beasts” in our political firmament put short term career interests above the national one. They divulged that the “Euroscepticism” they had been peddling for decades was nothing more than a façade, a mechanism to deceive. They had lied to their own voters about their attachment to the European Super State project. The referendum forced them out of the shadows into the light. In so doing, they lost whatever trust they might still have had with the electorate. What happened next, the three years of absolute constitutional chaos and vandalism, was a confirmation, if any was needed, that our established order had gone insane. Boris’ victory was a reaction against this unbearable and constant attack on the majority of the country, who conscientiously voted Leave. They were asked a question. They answered it. The vilification, since June 24 2016, has not abated. For six years, the attacks on their characters, motives and intellect have been a daily feature of their lives. They recognise Boris in themselves. As they say in Wakefield: “He is our Boris”. He stood by them then, they stand by him now. Boris, it is worth reiterating, did not lose the confidence of the Parliamentary Party. Nor did he lose the confidence of the House. In fact, since his victory of 2019, he did not lose a vote. It is pressure from less than a fifth of Tory MPs that got him to resign. That is not the same thing at all. Since his resignation, surveys show that he has not lost the support of the Conservative Party membership or of Conservative Voters. More than 20,000 members have signed a petition asking for Boris to be on the ballot. Mere days after Boris’ resignation in late July it was reported that Conservative Party Headquarters had been bombarded with more 14,000 letters from people asking for Boris to be reinstated. It is unfathomable that such a strong reaction would have manifested itself for any of our past five Prime Ministers. And yet, having successfully arranged a coup to remove Boris, the Party machinery is caught between the rock of reality and the hard place of facts. They have engineered the removal of a vote winner, who reflects, in many ways, the open mindedness of much of the British electorate. He will be replaced by one of two characters, who, whatever their competences, simply cannot compete on the popularity stakes - what matters most to win in a democratic system. Boris wins elections. Neither Sunak nor Truss can prove they have this unexplainable attribute. The Tory Party is experimenting dangerously. There is still time for the Conservative Party to end this nonsensical self-flagellation. It is five to midnight though. In less than two weeks, the die will be cast. The results will be irreversible. Let Boris Back on the Ballot. And let the electorate judge his record.