Manchester United transfer talks for Odysseas Vlachodimos have collapsed as they move onto the signing of Martin Dubravka from Newcastle, it has been claimed. Erik ten Hag wants a new goalkeeper to challenge David De Gea for a starting berth, particularly in the wake of the decision to send Dean Henderson out on loan. Now, the Red Devils are close to landing their man… Manchester United have signed five players so far this summer. However, they’re eyeing a late move for a goalkeeper as they look for somebody to keep De Gea on his toes - with the Spain international shipping seven goals from four Premier League matches so far this term. United are on the verge of landing Dubravka from Newcastle, with personal terms with the Slovakia international already agreed. And Fabrizio Romano, writing on Twitter, has now claimed talks for Vlachodimos have ‘collapsed’ as they move on to the Toon shot-stopper. “Ajax are now considering a move for Odysseas Vlachodimos from Benfica, he’s more than appreciated and talks with United have collapsed as they sign Dubravka,” he said. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers “Vlachodimos, top candidate in Ajax list as revealed one week ago.” United decided to loan out Henderson earlier in the transfer window after the goalkeeper made it clear he didn’t want to play second fiddle to De Gea for another year. The England international has made a positive start to life at Nottingham Forest, saving two penalties already. And Henderson, speaking recently, slammed United for their treatment of him over the past 12 months. "I didn't want the manager to come in and be able to see me in training,” he told talkSPORT. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “I knew he'd probably want to keep me, so I tried to do it all before I left for the season. “I told all the hierarchy I need to go and play football, I don't want to be here playing second fiddle. "It was all planned out. I was almost gone before the manager came through the door and I haven't spoken to him since. “To be honest with you, it's probably been the toughest 12 months of my career. It's been tough, it's been hard and I'm so happy I've got out the other end of it. I'm so excited to be here and ready to go. "The conversation I had coming out of that Euros squad was ' you're coming back here to be the number one goalkeeper'. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I got Covid, come back, I should have still been the number one, but unfortunately, no-one followed through with anything they told me. "It was frustrating because I turned down so many good loans last summer for that reason and they wouldn't let me go. So, it was frustrating. To sit there and waste 12 months, it's criminal really at my age. "I was fuming. But I worked hard off the pitch and on the training pitch to keep improving day in, day out. So I'm really excited to be here. I'm looking forward to the season with Forest." United have also lost another goalkeeper in veteran Lee Grant this summer. The 39-year-old, who was signed by Jose Mourinho back in the summer transfer window of 2018, has left for free. And Dubravka is poised to now challenge De Gea as a result. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Once a deal for the Newcastle star is sealed, he’ll become their fifth signing of the transfer window. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the Netherlands international joining from Feyenoord having previously looked likely to join Lyon. Christian Eriksen then followed, ending his short spell at Brentford in favour of moving to Old Trafford on a free transfer. Lisandro Martinez was United’s third signing, with the former Ajax star rejecting Arsenal’s advances in order to play under Ten Hag again. United recently landed Casemiro from Real Madrid, paying a huge £60million for the Brazil international. And they’ve also agreed a £84m deal for Antony of Ajax as well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here