Speaking at the closing ceremony of the games, he said: "Every four years we endeavour to come together to celebrate our Commonwealth through sport. Thanks to the manner, style and enthusiasm with which you have competed, officiated, supported, organised and volunteered you have once again brought the spirit and values of the commonwealth to life. You have inspired us and hopefully future generations."  The royal continued:  "You have also demonstrated what unites us. "Thank you, Birmingham and the West Midlands. "So now in time-honoured tradition, I call upon the athletes from all countries and territories of the commonwealth to gather in four years' time in Victoria, Australia celebrate the 23rd Commonwealth Games. "Until then, on behalf of Her Majesty the Queen our patron, and in the name of the Commonwealth Games Federation, I proclaim Birmingham 2022 closed." The Earl, who is Vice Patron of Commonwealth Sport, has attended dozens of events at the Commonwealth Games. He has typically been accompanied by the Countess of Wessex. Their children, Lady Louise Mountbatten-Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, have also attended some events. Earlier today, the Earl presented medals for the Men’s Hockey event - the final ceremony of the games. Australia claimed gold and India took silver. Meanwhile, England won bronze. Prince Edward also spent time thanking the support teams working on the sport including the ball girls and boys. Ahead of the start of the games last month, the Earl of Wessex issued a message of support to those involved. He said: "The stage is now set and the show is about to begin. "To everyone involved in the production, whether behind the scenes or front-of-house: thank you, good luck and enjoy yourselves. "I know from all your preparations that you want to make Birmingham 2022 a brilliant and memorable experience. "It is to those who actually have to go on to the stage, the performers and those who are about to compete, that I wish particular good luck, to achieve your best and to inspire the next generation. "Whatever your role or involvement, I hope you have an experience of a lifetime and enjoy every moment."