The call comes as Charles faces fury in America from relatives of New York's 9/11 terror attack victims. One widow accused the 73-year-old heir to the throne of accepting "blood money", while the father of a firefighter who died in the Twin Towers attacks questioned whether Prince Charles should become king. They are furious that his Prince of Wales's Charitable Fund (PWCF) accepted the seven-figure donation following a private meeting with two half-brothers of Osama bin Laden in 2013 - two years after the Al-Qaeda leader was killed by US. Special Forces. Bin Laden was disowned by his family in 1994 and there is no suggestion that his half-brothers had links to his activities. Gordon Haberman, who lost his 25-year-old daughter Andrea in the 2001 attack, accused Charles of acting "in poor taste" by accepting the donation. He added: "I am deeply disappointed. It hurts us all. I don't believe the two (half-) brothers are involved in terrorist activity. "It was probably given to bring them credibility. But the charity should have turned it down." Monica Iken, whose bond trader husband Michael died aged 37 in the World Trade Center attacks, angrily declared: "I'm personally surprised that anyone would take blood money connected to the person responsible for murdering 3,000 lives." Jim Riches, who lost his 29-year-old firefighter son Jimmy, fumed: "I don't think he should be king of anything." Brett Eagleson, the founder of support group 9/11 Justice who lost his father Bruce in the attacks, declared that taking the funds "is disgraceful to the lives lost on 9/11 and the lives lost through terror funding." "He should give the money back and be investigated for any other money he's received from sources such as this one." "I think it's a good question as to whether or not he should be made king." Clarence House and the PWCF have confirmed the million-pound donation was made and accepted - but by the charity's trustees and not the Prince himself. Royal sources have also denied claims by a Sunday newspaper that a member of Charles's household staff warned him "it would not be good for anybody" if details of the donation emerged. Our poll, carried out by Techne UK, asked 1,630 respondents across the country: Should Prince Charles pay back the money he has received from Saudi Arabia? Of 1,630 respondents, 57 percent want the Prince to return the money, with 16 per cent undecided and only 27 percent in favour of him keeping it.