Game of Thrones has been done and dusted with for three years now and the eagerly anticipated prequel House of the Dragon has arrived. Telling the story of the Targaryen family, the HBO and Sky drama shows what Daenerys' (played by Emilia Clarke) ancestors got up to and how they fought for the desirable Iron Throne. There is plenty more to come as the series is only getting started with episode two now on its way. Looking for how to watch House of the Dragon in the UK or anywhere? Find everything you need to know below. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon. House of the Dragon comes out every Sunday at 9pm ET in the USA on HBO and UK fans have the option of watching it play out at the same moment at 2am BST on Sky Atlantic. Those in the UK can then watch a repeat of the episode at 9pam every Monday on the same channel. But if you do happen to miss an instalment, whether you're in the USA or the UK, there is an alternative. Thankfully, as House of the Dragon is released on the channels, it then becomes available on their corresponding streaming services. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview American fans will be able to catch up on House of the Dragon through HBO's streamer HBO Max which launched two years ago. This service is currently only available in the USA with the subscription costing $14.99 per month and the option to cancel at any time. It's a slightly different story for UK viewers as HBO Max isn't currently available for them. Instead, fans of the Game of Thrones franchise will have to go through Sky's streaming service NOW to catch up on episodes. To get access to NOW and all of its contents, you must sign up for a NOW Entertainment Pass which will set you back £9.99 per month. First-time customers are given a seven-day free trial before the payments begin. The subscription will automatically be renewed every month unless cancelled by the customer. So when House of the Dragon episodes are released, they will become available on both HBO Max and NOW. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package  [EXPLAINER]House of the Dragon theory: Did Alicent Hightower sleep with Viserys? [THEORY]What are the House of the Dragon series 1 episode titles? [EXPLAINER] In the premiere episode, King Viserys (played by Paddy Considine) made the decision to make his daughter Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen (Milly Alcock and Emma D'Arcy) his heir. Episode two, entitled The Rogue Prince, will follow up on people's reactions to this news and going by the trailer, very few are going to be happy. In a voiceover, it is heard that she will not be accepted by her people with the princess later being told that some would rather put "the realm to the torch than see a woman ascend the Iron Throne". As Game of Thrones fans know, Daenerys became the queen but as the series is set 200 years before the drama, the idea of a woman ruler remains taboo. Discussing the king's controversial decision, actor Considine told Polygon: “There is a lot of misogyny within that world and in that kingdom, but it’s not — you can’t bring your modern-day ideas to a character that lives in an ancient world. "That’s the way of the world at that time. And I don’t think Viserys names Rhaenyra his heir for any progressive thinking reasons. "It’s not that, it wouldn’t be true of the world.” House of the Dragon continues every Sunday on HBO at 9pm ET in the USA and every Monday at 9pm on Sky Atlantic in the UK.