Rory McIlroy was clearly delighted at LIV Golf losing their case for a temporary restraining order to play in the FedEx Cup this week, even taking a shot at their lawyer in his pre-tournament press conference on Wednesday. LIV trio Talor Gooch, Hudson Swafford and Matt Jones would have been eligible to play in the FedEx Cup Playoffs due to their end-of-season rankings. But their move to play in the Saudi-backed league saw PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan ban them from competing in the FedEx Cup completely. An antitrust lawsuit was filed by 11 LIV golfers last week in an attempt to challenge their suspensions from the PGA Tour. It also included a temporary restraining order from the court to allow Gooch, Swafford and Jones to play in the FedEx Cup. That hearing was heard earlier this week in what proved to be an eventful case from both sides. LIV's lawyer compared the FedEx Cup to the "Super Bowl of golf" while they also appeared to indicate the Saudi-backed series had lied about the prize purses after claiming the huge money on offer to those competing at events would be 'recouped against their contracts'. Ultimately, Judge Beth Labson Freeman ruled in favour of the PGA Tour and upheld their ban on LIV golfers competing in the FedEx Cup.  The Judge ruled that the trio had not suitably "made their case" to have their suspensions lifted while also being "well aware of the consequences" they would face by taking LIV's mega-money contracts. McIlroy has been one of the most outspoken PGA Tour players against LIV and was unsurprisingly asked about the recent turn of events in his pre-tournament press conference. And the four-time major champion took a shot at LIV's lawyer with a snappy response when asked whether he thought the FedEx Cup was 'the hardest trophy to win'. McIlroy took a second to answer, looking straight into the camera, before replying: "Is the Super Bowl trophy to win in football?"  The Northern Irishman smiled after his response, but he gave a more serious answer later in his press conference about where the 'resentment' for some still on the PGA comes from against those defectors who have joined LIV. “I don’t begrudge anyone for going over to play LIV or taking guaranteed money,” McIlroy said. “If that’s your prerogative and what you want to do, totally fine. I think where the resentment comes from, from the membership of this tour, is the fact that they want to try to get back in here with no consequences. "Anyone that’s read the PGA Tour handbook or abided by the rules and regulations, that would feel very unfair to them. It was a good day for the Tour and for the majority of the membership yesterday.”