When arriving at your hotel on holiday, bedbugs are likely to be the last thing on your mind. Unfortunately, travel is one of the main ways the tiny critters are spread. Though most hotels have vigorous cleaning routines, bedbugs can still pop up in the crevices of establishments around the world. However, there are some key measures you can take to ensure you are protected from bothersome bites while on holiday. Most people will automatically leave their suitcase somewhere close to the bed of their hotel room or unpack clothes into the wardrobe nearby. As the name suggests, bedbugs relish any area close to the bed, because this provides them direct access to their food source. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 'Cheeky' trick to travel with extra items Bed bugs rely solely on the blood of animals, including humans, and the perfect time to attack is while you are sound asleep. This is why they often hide away in the piping, seams, tags and box spring of mattresses, as well as the cracks found in bed frames and headboards. If there does happen to be a bedbug outbreak in your hotel room, the best way to ensure maximum protection for your belongings is to keep them away from any area where the brown bugs are likely to be. Missy Henriksen, former vice president of public affairs for the National Pest Management Association, told Health: "Bed bugs are least likely to be found in the bathroom. "They don't like the tile floors, and there aren't as many hiding places. They like to be closer to where people may be sleeping." Stashing your luggage in the bathroom might seem odd, but it should alleviate some of your worries. Before settling down for your stay, it's also a good idea to inspect the bed and mattress for any signs of bed bugs. Other than identifying the bugs themselves, one telltale sign of their residency are spots of blood. A spokesperson for MattressNextDay explained: "Unfortunately, this is as gruesome as it sounds. When the bugs get squashed they release a lot of blood, especially around the seams of mattresses – which is where they tend to hide. "These spots can start to look a rusty colour the longer they have been there." DON'T MISSHow to take more than 100ml of liquids in your hand luggage [INSIGHT]Hand luggage rules: Everyday items banned at airport security [EXPLAINER]Common ‘fake baby’ pickpocket scam in Rome is ‘infamous’ [REVEALED] Smell can also be a tell-tale sign of bedbugs. MattressNextDay's spokesperson explained: "You may have been to a hotel that smells a little strange before but the odour excreted by bed bugs is certainly distinguishable. "If the bedroom area has a strong, musty and unpleasant odour. This could possibly come from a bed bug’s scent glands and is strongest when there are large amounts of bugs present. "Always err on the side of caution when it comes to a smelly room and check for other signs too."