The Moon will transit in Aquarius until Thursday, bringing a gregarious, good-hearted and friendly energy, according to Astrology TV. However, this tends to come with a strong emotional aloofness, which can be hard to handle. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 10. Despite many assuming Aquarius to be a water sign, it stands as one of the three air signs alongside Gemini and Libra. The Moon School explained: “One of the supposed reasons for the modern misunderstanding is that our ancestors believed the area of the skies from which this archetype came, to be the heavenly 'sea'. “Not necessarily water, but an ocean of potential. A vast expanse that contained all possibilities, like the limitless expanse of pure potential.” Known to be masters of communication, air signs are thinkers, speakers, and doers. They analyse, synthesise and dig deep. READ MORE: Meghan Markle has ‘fans and haters’ for unusual reason astrologer says  The Moon School said: “Whilst water quenches, running across the surface of the Earth, dripping into every crevice, air rises. “Air expands, seeking new spaces to fill, new ideas to explore, new realms to discover.” However, while energies might seem like they’d be more free-flowing during an Aquarius Moon transit, it can spur an emotional blockage. As the 11th sign of the zodiac, Aquarius is known for its tendency to ignore and push aside feelings and emotions in favour of “the intellectual or the abstract”, according to Astrology TV.  It said: “This can be a good thing or a not-so-good thing, depending on who you are and what circumstances you’re living through. “Certainly, the focus on logic cools the emotional temperature, which can be helpful in hectic or overwhelming times. “However, during an Aquarius Moon it’s difficult to get to grips with emotional problems, so we tend to try to ignore them – and that leaves them to fester, which is rarely helpful.” On the upside, this sign is highly idealistic, sociable, and futuristic, so expect to gravitate towards more fun and friendly social encounters, innovative approaches, and philanthropic ventures during this transit. DON'T MISS: Six common gardening mistakes to avoid this august [INSIGHT]Horoscopes: Your weekly predictions from Russell Grant [ANALYSIS]B12 deficiency symptoms: The 4 uncomfortable signs on your tongue [EXPLAINED]    Astrology TV said: “The Aquarius Moon can be a visionary Moon, helping to drive forwards progress, especially environmental and technological progress.” Whatever your quirks, an Aquarius Moon can help bring these to the surface with undoubting confidence. The Moon School said: “Digging below the surface, this Moon really wants to enable us to become the masters of our own thoughts.  “To trust ourselves enough to weave the threads coiled in our minds out into the world beyond.” Embrace interests, hobbies and passions and don’t hold back. The Moon School said: “This Moon is enlivening! Life-giving, pushing us onward, compelling us to advance, evolve and improve.” 