James Bond lost its latest actor, Daniel Craig, last year after the latest movie in the series, No Time To Die, was released. The 54-year-old actor stepped down from the franchise after five movies and 15 years. Now, all eyes are on who will take over the series next. Idris Elba has been one of the favourites in the running for months, but he's fed up of being asked about it now. Elba recently starred in a new monster movie titled Beast. During the promotional tour for the film, he was quizzed relentlessly about the likelihood of him becoming the next version of 007. Of course, this would be a great casting choice considering how well-liked he is by Brits - and because he's such a fine actor. But Elba's response to one of the questions had him changing his tune. He said: "I have no more answers for it." Elba confessed he was happy to dodge the question as best he could because he didn't want to talk about it anymore. He said: "I just tell people: 'Aw, don’t ask me that.’ Because a lot of times it’s really lazy journalism. And people try to use it as clickbait like ‘what’s he gonna say this time?’" He also added that he deploys a tactic to make his answers sound as mundane as possible. The 49-year-old confessed: "I try to say the same things. Every now and then I just tease them, but every now and then I’ll give them some philosophy on why I don’t want to do it or why it’s a rumour." READ MORE: Next James Bond: First female 007 announced for Casino Royale remake Elba added: "But most times now I tend not to talk about it." (Via Jemele Hill is Unbothered through Movie Web) This isn't the first time he has spoken about not wanting to be James Bond. Last year, while being quizzed about becoming 007, he said that his mother was adamant he would become the super-spy. But he disagreed. DON'T MISS...James Bond: Sean Connery had a surprising relationship with Daniel [INFO]Next James Bond: First female 007 announced for Casino Royale remake [INSIGHT]Next James Bond producer ‘decided on unknown person of colour as 007’ [NEWS] Elba said: "I know the rumours about Bond have always chased me. Listen, my poor mum is like: 'One day you’re going to get it!' I was like: 'Mum, I’m good, I’ve got Luther.'" Whether the Suicide Squad actor wants to become the hero or not, the Bond odds are certainly in his favour. At the moment, Elba has been given an incredible 4/1 on becoming 007 from Ladbrokes. These incredible odds place him second favourite in the list, behind just one big star. Ladbrokes' current favourite is Henry Cavill, who is best known for playing Superman and Geralt of Rivia in Netflix's Witcher series. Cavill has been awarded a massive 2/1 odds on becoming Bond next. Still, he and Elba have some major competition in the running. Not only are they up against the supremely popular Regé-Jean Page, they are also going up against Tom Hardy, one of Britain's favourite actors. SOURCE / SOURCE