Everton could complete the signings of Conor Coady, Amadou Onana and Idrissa Gueye this week as Toffees boss Frank Lampard looks to bolster his squad before the transfer window slams shut at the start of September. Everton were defeated 1-0 by Chelsea in their Premier League opener on Saturday at Goodison Park. According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Everton are prepared to complete deals for Wolves centre-back Coady and Lille midfielder Onana, while talks over Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Gueye are at the final stages. And the deal for Coady already appears to be over the line as documents are in progress between the Toffees and Wolves. Everton suffered an egregious season last time around as they were sucked towards the relegation zone under previous boss Rafa Benitez, who ultimately lost his job just six-and-a-half months into his tenure. Lampard replaced the ex-Liverpool manager but struggled to turn the team’s form around as they dropped into the bottom three. The Merseyside giants eventually secured their Premier League status, however, after beating Crystal Palace 3-2 in their penultimate game. Lampard has already raided relegated Burnley to sign James Tarkowski and Dwight McNeil this summer, while bringing in ex-Wolves ace Ruben Vinagre on loan from Sporting Lisbon. But the Toffees boss is desperate to bolster his squad further to avoid a repeat of last season. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest    Coady, who grew up in Haydock and came through the Liverpool academy before moving to Huddersfield in 2014 and then Wolves a year later, has missed just one Premier League encounter for his current employers since they were promoted back to the top-flight four years ago. The 29-year-old has 10 England caps to his name and is at the top of Lampard’s wishlist. Onana, meanwhile, enjoyed a fine debut season in France last time around after joining Lille from Hamburg last summer. The 20-year-old played 42 times in all competitions and went on to make his Belgium debut in a Nations League clash against the Netherlands in June. DON'T MISSSaliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exitsDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made   Everton fans would also welcome the signing of Gueye, who spent three years at Goodison Park before heading to PSG in 2019. The 32-year-old Senegal international made 108 appearances for the Toffees and has won two Ligue 1 titles since moving to France. Lampard will be well aware that a poor start to the season could be catastrophic, with the Toffees enjoying a favourable set of fixtures throughout August. So he will want to secure the signings as quickly as he can and lay down a marker for the campaign. 