Touching down on the evening of 22nd July the air was humid and the sun had fully set - I was excited for what the coming days would bring. Arriving at the hotel, after only a 20 minute car ride, we were immediately shown to our rooms to get settled in. The hotel’s 231 suites range from one bedroom and family suites to presidential suites that boast a minimalist yet stylish design. I stayed in the family suite which consisted of a King-size bed and the option of a double or two single beds. The suite also offered a living room zone, a large bathroom and dining area accompanied by an urban view and a balcony with outdoor furniture. From my balcony I had a clear view of Gzira’s neighbouring town Valletta, which was definitely a place in Malta I wanted to explore. The first day after arrival the hotel staff talked us through the incredible journey for Grands Suites to become the incredible hotel it is today. Before becoming Grands Suites Hotel Residences & Spa, it was previously called Adelphi and needed serious work. Once we were all clued up about the hotel, the afternoon was spent exploring the idyllic town of Mdina and seeing what the place had to offer. READ MORE: Grand Hotel & Spa, York: Yorkshire’s only five-star hotel Before venturing out, I made sure to stop off at the hotel’s cafe Fer-Blanc to get my daily coffee fix. With their enticing range of pastries and coffee you’ll definitely be left wanting more. Only a 14 minute drive from the hotel, Mdina was full of stunning architecture with St. Paul’s Cathedral and serval interesting museum that featured gorgeous artwork and ancient artefacts that summed up Malta. While walking around this historical town, I noticed a cozy cafe that served pastizzi which are traditional savoury pastry from Malta that are typically filled with ricotta cheese, mushy peas or chicken. I opted for the chicken and ricotta cheese variety - they were an absolute bargain for only 50 cents each. Later that evening, the hotel staff had prepared an exclusive three-course meal for us to enjoy at their Eleven Eleven Rooftop restaurant, which was made all the better by the rooftop views. To start off the evening the chef had prepared hors d'œuvres of fig fillets with prosciutto crude and fresh local goat cheese. DON'T MISS:Flight attendant warns passengers against using part of their seat [COMMENT]'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' [INSIGHT]Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade [TIPS] Moving onto starters there was the option to choose between octopus tentacles or arancin bolognese - of course I had to opt for the latter. Although I enjoyed it, I couldn’t help being curious about the octopus tentacles my dining companion had chosen - after all octopus is one of the main seafood delicacies of the Mediterranean kitchen. Washing the starter down with a glass of crisp white wine, the option for the evening main meal was rib-eye steak served with potato fondant, asparagus and jus red wine. Dessert was a classic chocolate fondant served with vanilla ice cream - a perfect way to end the meal. From the combination of a picturesque view, the delicious food and the staff customer service it made for such a great perfect end to the day. The next day the hotel had organised a day out on a beautiful yacht which took us to three different spots: Kalankka bay, otherwise known as Marsaxlokk, Il Ponta tal Griegal and St Thomas bay, munxar. At each spot had the opportunity to swim out and explore areas of the sea - the water felt amazing in the 39 degree heat. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 5 common foods banned from flights Arriving at the second location, the area housed the most incredible cave that we got to explore on paddle boards. To finish off the day we were invited down to an award-winning Indian restaurant in the heart of Valletta to taste their menu. From authentic Indian dishes to exotic India inspired cocktails, it was hard to pick one thing off the menu I enjoyed the most - the tandoori broccoli was insane. My last full day was all about relaxing and soaking up more of what the hotel had to offer. Guests can opt to unwind by booking a slot into their spa which I took full advantage of during my stay. There was a wide selection of massage options available, from the Ancient Greek and Focus massage option which was deep, to the more soft options of Californian and Harmonia balancing. I started off the day by getting a full body massage at the Grands Suites’ Ease Spa and opted for the Accent Egyptian massage. Inspired by ancient texts and epigraphs, this medium pressure massage was a ritual reserved only for the Egyptian Royals to create a feeling of total relaxation and contentment - and it certainly did just that. Feeling relaxed from the massage, I then decided to visit their nail bar to get a set of gel nails and was in love with the results. On the same level as the spa, guests can also make use of the hotel’s gym - perfect for avid gym goers to get their daily fix of exercise. After receiving my treatments I then made my way to the rooftop to soak up the sun by the absolutely breathtaking infinity pool. For those who are not a fan of feeling sand between their toes, this is the ideal place to enjoy the weather and take in the idyllic views of Marsamxett harbour, Valletta ‘Carmelite Basilica’ and Manoel island. Those eager to experience what this hotel has to offer for themselves can use the code ‘PRFAM’ for a 22 percent discount on their website when booking their stay until November 2022. For more information visit: https://grandssuites.com/