 The Met Office has forecast yet more high temperatures across the UK this week, with some areas expected to reach low or even mid-30Cs as the week draws on. From making home-cooling systems to desperately searching for tips to sleep better in heat, clothing can also be a concern during times like these, especially for those heading to work.   This week, Met Office chief forecaster Steve Willington said: “We could see parts of the UK entering heatwave conditions if the above-average temperatures last for three days or more. “Many areas of the UK, especially the south will witness temperatures several degrees higher than average, but these values are likely to be well below the record-breaking temperatures we saw in mid-July. “As the high pressure builds there is very little meaningful rain in the forecast, especially in those areas in the south of England, which experienced very dry conditions last month.” While temperatures like these are typically best enjoyed at the beach or in the garden in shorts and tshirt, many are due to face the task of fending off the heat at work. READ MORE: Brits brace for midweek heatwave as temperatures teeter towards 30C   Choosing what to wear to work in this weather can be a struggle, so experts at Karen Millen have provided four top tips to dress to keep cool in hot weather when heading into the office. This one might sound strange, but Karen Millen experts have first advised to wear a few more layers on hotter days to prevent working up a sweat. The experts said: “Obviously, avoid heavy layering with items like tights and thick jumpers – but try adding some lighter layers into the mix.   “Covering up in light layers will help to keep you protected from sun exposure and keep your skin shaded and cool.” If your workplace is lenient with colours, opt for lighter coloured clothing pieces instead of darker ones to reflect the heat and light away from your body. Black clothing will absorb sunlight and lock in heat to keep you warmer, so try to avoid dark colours if you can. DON'T MISS: How to water your garden plants during a heatwave - ‘key’ tip [INSIGHT]UK hot weather: 8-day heatwave with 35C forecast [ANALYSIS]How to keep your car cool - 7 tips to beat the heatwave [EXPLAINED]   Experts at Karen Millen said: “Whites, creams and beiges are your safest bet for summery days, and they will help to keep you cool and sweat-free. Another top tip to survive the hot weather at work is to swap the slacks for workout gear. Karen Millen experts explained: “Most workout clothing is designed to keep you cool whilst enduring physical activity; therefore, the fabrics and linings of these pieces are often created in breathable, lightweight and airy fabrics. “Not only will workout pieces keep you cool, but the athleisure trend is extremely popular, so no one will bat an eyelid.”   Materials are super important to consider during hot weather, as each fabric has different levels of breathability and cooling properties. Not only are materials such as cotton always a cooler option, but linen is also a solid trend that returns every summertime. Karen Millen experts said: “[Linen’s] textured weave will keep you feeling fresh all day, and while this lighter fabric absorbs the heat, the light colour will reflect most sunlight anyway. “Cotton is also a staple in every wardrobe, so if linen isn't something you want to venture into, a cotton t-shirt or dress will do the job perfectly!” 