The cost of living crisis has resulted in a price surge in Britain across fuel, energy bills and more. Brits are looking for ways to help reduce costs at home and a new launch is providing an affordable solution to parents and children. Johnson’s is one of the UK’s most well known baby care brand and a go-to for everyday products including shampoo, body wash and more. Johnson’s Baby has just released a new refillable range of its classic family favourites and the new sustainable launch will help families reduce cost with its affordable price tag. Made with 90 percent less plastic and recyclable materials, the new range comes in an easy pour one litre carton that allows parents to refill 500ml bottles twice or smaller sizes even more. This works out to just 2p per wash or less if there are 200 uses bought at its retail price of £4.25, and it’s on sale on Amazon for even cheaper making it a bargain offer. There are three products available in the new refillable range; Johnson’s Baby Shampoo, Johnson’s Bedtime Bath and Johnson’s Top-to-Toe wash. Johnson’s Baby shampoo is one of the brand’s most well known products and can be used on adults as well as kids thanks to its super gentle formula, which is free from dyes, parabens and sulphates. It also doubles up as a great make-up brush cleaner. Johnson’s Bedtime Bath gently cleanses a baby to leave their delicate skin healthy while Johnson’s Top-to-Toe Wash is a mild, gentle wash suitable for newborns as young as day one. The new refillable range is now available in Boots, Amazon, Sainsbury’s, Ocado and Tesco for £4.25. The Johnson’s Baby shampoo refill is currently on offer on Amazon for just £2.52, meaning it’s as little as 1p per wash. Reviews love that it’s a smart idea that saves money and is sustainable. Nikhil wrote: “The product is exactly the same and at time of review it works out ever so slightly cheaper than buying two bottles.” J also agreed: “I love the eco friendly packaging. It’s easy to fill up the plastic bottles using this carton.”