Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Kameen, heading the investigation, last night revealed: "We have also seized 46 vehicles, suspected Class A and B drugs, and two firearms. A total of 58 warrants were executed across Liverpool, Knowsley and St Helens." The purge was also sparked by the deaths of Ashley Dale and Sam Rimmer, both victims of recent gun crime in the city. Council worker Ms Dale, 28, was shot dead - probably in a case of mistaken identity - in the Old Swan area eight days ago in the back garden of her home. Mr Rimmer, 22, was shot in Dingle on Tuesday, August 16. DCS Kameen said that among the catalogue of arrests were a 23-year-old on suspicion of the murder of Mr Rimmer, a 44-year-old man on suspicion of affray and racial abuse and a 42-year-old on suspicion of drink driving and failing to stop. A 50-year-old was also held on suspicion of assault and cultivation of cannabis. The officer added: "We have received over 280 submissions of intelligence from people regarding organised crime. "These increasing figures are part of an ongoing operation, targeting suspected organised crime groups and serious violence across Merseyside and beyond. "The information we have received from our communities has been phenomenal and vital." Earlier, police had made a dramatic appeal on Twitter over Olivia's killing - with officers stating: "Silence is not an option." The girl died after being shot when a gunman chased his intended target into her family home in Dovecot. Olivia's mother Cheryl, 46, is still in hospital following her injuries in the shooting. Merseyside police said: "If you've got information and you're withholding it, you're protecting the killers. We need your information. "Provide that to us and we'll do the rest." Officers claimed there is "no hiding place for anyone involved in the murder of little Olivia". The target of the shooting was allegedly Joseph Nee, 35, who had been released early from a 45-month prison sentence last year for a string of burglaries. He was injured in the shooting and has been recalled to prison. Two men arrested over Olivia's death were bailed on Saturday. One a 36-year-old, from Huyton, was recalled to prison. The other was a 33-year-old, from Dovecot.