Rafael Nadal has reacted after learning he has the chance to regain the world No 1 ranking in Cincinnati next week. The current world No 3 is playing his first tournament since pulling out of Wimbledon injured and has tamed expectations ahead of his comeback following more than a month on the sidelines. Nadal has the chance to return to the top of the rankings next week for the first time in over two years following current world No 1 Medvedev’s early exit in Montreal. The 36-year-old must win the title while hoping the Russian loses before the quarter-final stage, and is excited to find himself in a position to ascend to the top once more. “It means a lot to me to have that opportunity. Something that I didn’t expect could happen again,” he said ahead of the Western & Southern Open. While the Spaniard was ready to fight for another stint as the world No 1, he also played down his expectations in Cincinnati, in what will be his first tournament since pulling out ahead of the Wimbledon semi-finals with an abdominal tear. “I am going to put all my efforts into every single event I play. It is something that doesn’t matter if I have the chance to be No. 1, but I am happy to be in this position and if it happens, I will be very happy,” he added. JUST IN: Brazil icon Pele sends heartfelt message to Haddad Maia ahead of final  The 22-time Grand Slam champion thought it would take a few matches to feel competitive once more, with his last match coming on July 6 as he continued: “You need to know that when you come back after a while that things aren’t going to be perfect. “You can’t expect to play at an amazing level from the beginning. Knowing that you [need to] be humble enough to fight with the tools that you have at the beginning to win the first match. Then when you win a match or two matches things change and you start to feel competitive again.” Nadal made a late decision to play in Cincinnati after seeing progress in his practice sessions after he was forced to withdraw ahead of this week’s Montreal Masters - his intended comeback tournament - while still feeling “discomfort” in the ab. But he explained that competitive matches would be a step up from his training sessions. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu gives verdict on 'last opportunity' to face WilliamsRoger Federer parties with Calvin Harris in Ibiza as icon enjoys breakEmma Raducanu to partner Wimbledon champion Rybakina in Cincinnati  “If you are playing well, and I think I am playing more or less ok, you have some good feelings on court,” he said. “But competition is different and you need to accept that things are going to be difficult, even more so in a Masters 1000 because when you come back, even at a Grand Slam, if you are lucky with the draw, even if you aren’t playing at a high level you have a chance to win a couple of matches.  “But at a Masters 1000, opponents are very demanding right from the beginning so you need to play at a high level and that is what I am going to try to do.” 