Erik ten Hag showed a willingness to develop young players at Ajax and he could turn to academy starlets at Manchester United to turn around the club’s current predicament. The Red Devils have lost both of their first two Premier League games under Ten Hag, and several senior players have performed abysmally. Ten Hag could therefore turn to a couple of the club’s young players in a bid to refresh his team, especially with a lack of transfer business. Express Sport looks at which young talents could be used by the Dutchman. Zidane Iqbal Box-to-box midfielder Zidane Iqbal caught the attention of Ten Hag during the pre-season. A couple of excellent performances during the club’s tour of Asia will have proved that the 19-year-old can cope at senior level. Already a senior international with Iraq, Iqbal trains with United’s first team. He made his professional debut under Ralf Rangnick in the Champions League last season. However, he is yet to make his Premier League bow. That could come in the near future if United’s midfield continues to underperform. JUST IN: Chelsea make 'fresh' Gordon bid as chat with Lampard comes to light Charlie Savage The son of former Wales international Robbie, Charlie Savage was another player who impressed Ten Hag during pre-season. But like Iqbal, Savage is yet to make the bench in either of United’s two Premier League fixtures this season. The 19-year-old has instead played for the U21s, scoring in the 5-1 drubbing by Crystal Palace last week. There could be a chance to step up to the senior squad in the coming weeks. Alejandro Garnacho United fought off competition from Juventus and Atletico Madrid to keep the highly-rated Garnacho in the summer. The 18-year-old has already been called up by Argentina’s senior team amid an international allegiance battle with Spain. Garnacho made his Premier League debut under Rangnick and has made three appearances for the club. Showing trust in the teenager, Ten Hag put him on for the final few minutes against Brighton as United chased an equaliser. He remained an unused substitute against Brentford. United’s most talented youngster will surely earn more game time in the coming weeks and months, even if the Old Trafford hierarchy bring in a new winger. DON'T MISS...What Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and three others have told Man Utd boardMan Utd's De Jong bid 'expires' in latest twist to transfer sagaAdrien Rabiot's move to Man Utd seemingly confirmed after goodbye vid James Garner There was a point when it seemed that James Garner would develop into a regular starter in midfield. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer handed the 21-year-old his debut in February 2019. Garner’s development during a frustrating loan at Watford, but he has since kicked on following a successful temporary stay at Nottingham Forest. There have been reports that United would be open to selling the academy product. That would not be advisable given their woeful midfield performances.