Tennis legend Serena Williams has dropped a major retirement hint after winning her first singles match on the WTA Tour in 430 days. Williams defeated Spain’s Nuria Parrizas-Diaz 6-4, 6-3 at the National Bank Open in Canada to end her lengthy wait for a victory, which last came at the French Open in 2021. Her outing in Canada was just her second tournament of the campaign, after making her return at Wimbledon last month. Speaking after her win on Monday though, it seems her return to the tour may be a short one. Hinting that the end of her quite remarkable career could well be near, she said post-match: “I guess there's just a light at the end of the tunnel. I don't know, I'm getting closer to the light, so… lately that's been it for me. I can't wait to get to that light.” She went on: “I love playing, though... but, you know, I can't do this forever. Sometimes you just want to try your best to enjoy the moments, and do the best that you can.” Serena’s older sister Venus was also in action in Canada but fell to a 6-2, 6-3 defeat to Jil Teichmann of Switzerland. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu makes rankings vow as Brit faces losing 'all my WTA points' A further hint that both Williams sisters were set to retire was dropped by the tournament’s chief Karl Hale, after the director revealed this year’s outing was set to be their final Canadian Open. He said: “The two of them have a really special place with me and I have a very close relationship with them. “They’ve done so much for this sport and we want to give them a great (possibly) last experience in Toronto… The fans have reacted just incredibly since we announced that they’re playing, and ticket sales have gone through the roof. It’s just tremendous for us to have them here in Toronto.” DON'T MISSBiden sent Djokovic 'rebellion' warning as Medvedev discusses US OpenNadal already handed advantage over Djokovic as Olympics confirmedNick Kyrgios backed to be trouble for Rafael Nadal at US Open Serena’s ‘seeing the light’ comments on Monday have sent the world of tennis into a frenzy, worrying fans that the tennis great’s career is set to come to an end sooner rather than later. One Williams fan - @hubbyhunster - admitted being ‘scared’ at the thought, tweeting: “Freedom from tennis, I assume?  We (I think it is safe to assume I'm not the only one) don't like the light talk, Serena. It is scaring us. Please choose a different metaphor. We know you can't play forever but…” These thoughts were echoed by @theemeagan who wrote: “Don’t scare us. Please I know nobody can do this thing called tennis forever but please let’s prolong your career for at least another year. PLEASE.” Whilst @ConliskRachel encouraged the 40-year-old to enjoy her retirement, added: “We love you Serena! You are the GOAT! You can rest now! Thank you for all you have given us for the last 20 plus years. But now it is your time to focus on yourself and your family! Go enjoy your life!”