Russian losses in Ukraine now total more than 43,000, according to the estimates of the Ukrainian government. However, Moscow has only officially acknowledged 1,351 Russian deaths – the last total given by the Russian Defence Ministry in March. Putin’s faltering invasion of Ukraine has been far more costly than initially calculated due to tactical blunders, his army’s inefficiency, the unexpectedly strong Ukrainian resistance and other factors. But the Russian President’s “failures” on the battlefield are being carefully watched by his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, according to a US military expert. Dr John Callahan, a former diplomat and State Department spokesperson, now works as a military adviser and a dean at New England College in the US, and claimed that Beijing has been closely following the events in Ukraine and reactions around the world. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “They also have huge command and control difficulties. And unfortunately for the West, the Chinese are watching all these Russian failures. “They are probably learning from them. They are stupid if they are not learning from them.” He added: “But at their foundation, China remains a Soviet-style military. Just like Russia, with all of the weaknesses. JUST IN: 'Absurd' Putin humiliated after Russian court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims “There is no reason to think that a Chinese non-commissioned officer is going to show any more initiative than a Russian one right now. “They are big, and they have a lot of potential strength. But can they use it effectively, beyond just a massive bombardment, like the Russians are doing?” Prior to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Putin and Xi stressed the “no limits” friendship between their neighbouring countries. On February 4, the two authoritarian leaders met in Beijing and claimed there would be “no forbidden areas of cooperation” between their nations. Just 20 days later, Russia’s tanks rolled into Ukraine, sparking the largest armed conflict in Europe since World War 2. As the Ukraine war unfolded, Xi urged “restraint”, but has stopped short of criticising Russia directly. During their meeting in Beijing, Putin gave his support for Beijing’s claim that Taiwan is an inalienable part of China. The Chinese leadership views the island nation as a breakaway province that will be reunified with the mainland, by force if necessary. Taiwan warned of an invasion by China, which conducted major military drills, including live-fire exercises near the country, earlier this month. DON'T MISS: Inflation in Europe and around the world: Staggering data reveals major impending crisis [LATEST]Arson behind almost HALF of fires in England as fire crews struggle during the hot weather [INSIGHT]Is YOUR surname on the list? THOUSANDS of unclaimed estates sitting idle [ANALYSIS] While the war games ceased last week, they restarted again on Sunday, Taiwan's Defence Ministry said, as 11 Chinese military aircraft entered the island’s air defence zone. Dr Callahan explained that if China does want to invade Taiwan, it will likely have an easier route than Putin has done in Ukraine, noting how its geography leaves it more vulnerable: “The difference between Taiwan and Ukraine is that the Ukrainians have space to trade for time, which they are doing. “They were not pushed out of any of the locations in the last few weeks, like Severodonetsk or Luhansk. “They pulled out. They weren't pushed out. And they have an ability to trade space for time, because they are a big country and Russian logistics are terrible. “Taiwan does not have that luxury. And so, part of this is that the West's response would need to be very quick. “Even a fumbling bear could swallow up Taiwan, because it is small, before there was a chance to do much about it.”