Newcastle United have been told the price they have to pay in order to land James Maddison and face three dilemmas in the pursuit. Leicester City are reluctant to lose their chief playmaker this summer and have slapped a £60million asking price on the England international’s proverbial head. The Magpies are desperate to add more signings to Eddie Howe’s squad before the transfer window shuts on August 31. And signing Maddison is viewed as a central pillar to their plans after seeing two bids knocked back by Leicester. Newcastle’s first bid was believed to be in the region of £40m before increasing their offer to £50m, which included some staggered payments. Leicester have been adamant in their stance on selling Maddison, believing the creative midfielder to be worth at least £60m, according to The Independent. While Howe is keen to hand the 25-year-old a central role in his St James’ Park revolution, the club are hesitating over whether to meet their demands. Doing so would smash their club record transfer — previously set when they paid £36m to sign Joelinton from Hoffenheim in 2019. READ MORE: Newcastle has obvious Maddison swap deal as club-record offer rebuffed That would signal an intention that the club’s mega-rich Saudi owners are prepared to put their money where their mouth is. But equally, it would set the benchmark for other clubs to charge them inflated fees for other targets, which could see Newcastle held to ransom over fees for players. There is not any other competition from their Premier League rivals for Maddison, despite previous interest from Manchester United and Arsenal. However, Newcastle do not have time on their side in order to haggle over the fee they have been told to pay. The other issue for Newcastle is Chelsea’s interest in signing Wesley Fofana. Leicester know they can receive a higher amount for the 21-year-old, having already turned down £70m for the centre-back. DON'T MISSNewcastle 'believe Maddison wants move' after submitting improved bidNewcastle have five transfer alternatives to MaddisonNewcastle face vital stumbling block in obstruction for Ashworth With the Foxes holding out for £80m, there is a belief that Leicester would then close the door on any chance of Maddison leaving — leaving Newcastle in a difficult position. Given that they face paying a premium for the ex-Norwich man or missing out on him altogether, it may force them to find an alternative. It has been reported Newcastle have considered scrapping a deal for Maddison and moving for Lyon’s Lucas Paqueta. The Brazilian is available for £55m, making him a cheaper option than Maddison, but the 24-year-old does not possess the same homegrown status as the Englishman, which makes him a valuable asset. With Maddison under contract until 2024 and seemingly content enough to stay if a move does not materialise, Newcastle know they must act soon or risk missing an opportunity to attract big-name players in the future.