The Foreign Secretary is currently putting her case to be elected head of the Tories by Conservative party members around the country. New polling shows the Foreign Secretary enjoying a huge lead over her rival Rishi Sunak among the Tory faithful. An Opinium Poll for The Observer gave Ms Truss a 21-point lead over the former Chancellor. Sixty-one percent of those polled said they would be rooting for Liz, while just 39 percent gave Rishi the thumbs up. The new Prime Minister is likely to get a major boost in the polls, which raises the question of whether they should gamble on an early election. With economic data heading in the wrong direction and more storm clouds on the horizon, a snap election could make sense. The UK's economy is predicted to hit the buffers in the next few years, with recession and inflation fears growing. Next year could see inflation reaching 15 percent, as well as the UK enter into an economic downturn. Last week, the Office for National Statistics said the UK's economy had shrunk by 0.1 percent in the last quarter. However, analysts believe things are about to get a lot worse, with a further decline in GDP likely next year. Yael Selfin, chief economist at KPMG UK, said: "While we see increasing signs of underlying weakness in the economy, we expect a more severe downturn to take place only from towards the end of this year." The next general election is to take place no later than January 2025. With no guarantees that the economy will have sufficiently recovered by then, the new incumbent of 10 Downing Street may well be advised to cash in on any poll bounce after assuming office. The Opinium Poll also found that a majority of Tory members wanted Boris Johnson to stay in office. READ MORE: Sturgeon's nightmare: SNP could be forced to crawl back to UK When offered the choice of Mr Johnson still being in No 10, or Ms Truss taking over, some 63 percent said they would prefer Mr Johnson to be still in charge. The figures were even more damning for Mr Sunak, as 68 percent backed the current Prime Minister over his former Chancellor. Chris Curtis of Opinium said the Foreign Secretary was almost nailed on to win the leadership contest, despite the nostalgia for her current boss. He said: "From the moment we knew the final two candidates, it has been clear that Truss has had all the momentum, and our latest poll sets out just how large her lead among the party members has become. “With many members having already returned their ballot papers, it is now very unlikely Truss won’t become prime minister in September. DON'T MISSSunday Express backs Liz Truss as she sets her ambition for Britain [COMMENT]Jacob Rees-Mogg exposes real reason Tory MPs took down Boris [REVEAL]Brexit: Expat warning as major banks to SHUT British accounts  [NEWS] “It’s clear that Sunak’s biggest problem is trust. "While some members respect his economic arguments, this hasn’t been enough to overcome the view among members that he isn’t honest or trustworthy enough for the top job, particularly after he called for Johnson to go.” The deadline for votes in the leadership contest is September 2. The new leader and thus Prime Minister is expected to be announced on September 5, when the House of Commons returns from the summer recess.