Caroline Solomon, aka Neat Caroline, is a professional home organiser based in New York. She posts food storage hacks to her 181k followers on TikTok. Recently, she showed how to keep mushrooms fresh and mozzarella and feta ready to eat. The foodie influencer detailed the hacks in her "seven ways to make food last and reduce food waste". Caroline advised: "Store mushrooms in an open paper bag in your fridge. "The bag will absorb excess moisture and prevent sogginess." The best place to put mushrooms is in the main compartment of your refrigerator. Avoid the classic produce drawer, as this is actually too moist for mushrooms. It's also a good idea to try and store them flat. Storing mushrooms on top of one another will eventually cause bruising. READ MORE: Five avocado storing hacks 'tested' - best ways to keep them fresh for up to six months The expert revealed how she keeps mozzarella fresh in the fridge for up to 10 days. She told fans: "To keep mozzarella fresh, submerge it in one cup of water and one teaspoon of kosher salt. "Keep feta extra fresh with the same brine recipe. One cup of water, and one teaspoon of salt." Caroline also had some useful tips for making the most of any leftovers. She suggested readers turn stale bread into breadcrumbs and use carrot tops and stems to make pesto. DON'T MISS'Going to change your life': Hack to stop milk going off [TIPS] Bread storage hack stops mould & keeps loaves moist [FOOD] 'Lasts 4x times longer': How to stop cheese going mouldy [HACK] Caroline recommended using "the tops of strawberries to make your own strawberry-flavoured spa water". The content creator previously shared a hack to save money on energy bills by carefully using your freezer. She included the hack in her list of eight energy-saving tips for the home. Caroline said: "Pack things tight in the freezer but leave space in the fridge for airflow." The more food in your freezer, the less hard it has to work to keep all the food frozen. Revive stale bread A chef detailed how to make stale bread fresh again. He claimed the "simple tip", involving water and the oven, will make bread "fresh as a daisy" again. Keep carrots fresh and revive wilted ones A content creator showed fans how she keeps carrots fresh. She keeps her carrots in water to stop them from going soft. Keep bread fresh A "life-changing" hack for storing bread will keep loaves fresh "for ages" according to this trick using beeswax. Stop cheese going mouldy This hack to stop cheese going mouldy can keep the dairy treat fresh four times longer, according to a food influence. She claims keeping cheese in the wrapper it is bought in causes it to go off faster and wastes money. Keep strawberries fresh A foodie claims this hack to keep strawberries fresh will stave off mould for a week.