The Duchess of Sussex told how before the couple’s exit from the Firm all-together, they were keen to carry on their royal roles but leave Britain and be relocated to another country in the Commonwealth, like Canada, New Zealand, or South Africa. She told magazine The Cut that she and Prince Harry were keen to leave the UK because abusive press coverage was affecting her mental health and the Sussexes' very existence was “upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy”.  Meghan, 41, told how the Sussexes suggested to the monarchy that they no longer be taxpayer-funded and, instead, be allowed to work and earn their own money on behalf of the Firm. She said: "Then maybe all the noise would stop. “Anything to just … because just by existing, we were upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy.  “So we go, ‘Okay, fine, let’s get out of here. Happy to’. ” But Meghan said this plan was rejected because what they were asking for wasn’t “reinventing the wheel” . The duchess told journalist Alisson P. Davis: “That, for whatever reason, is not something that we were allowed to do, even though several other members of the family do that exact thing."  READ MORE: Meghan sparks fury after revealing ‘incredibly private' detail Harry and Meghan announced their sensational decision to step down from their senior royal duties and divide their time between the UK and North America in in January 2020. The pair were forced to return their honorary military appointments and royal patronages, which were redistributed to working members of the Royal Family. The couple moved to the US to lead a more independent life, and now live in a mansion in California with their two young children Archie and daughter Lilibet, who was named after her great-grandmother, the Queen.  DON'T MISS Meghan recalls 'cruel chapter' after giving birth to Archie [INTERVIEW]Meghan to release new Archetypes episode today - Palace braces [INFO]‘How dare concentration be on Meghan!’ Denise Welch defends Duchess [OPINION] In the announcement, the couple stated that the decision had come "after many months of reflection and internal discussions".They wrote that they wanted to "carve out a progressive new role within this institution". The couple added that whilst they were to "step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family" and will "work to become financially independent", they would continue to "fully support Her Majesty The Queen". During the same interview Meghan revealed how she cleared out her UK residence Frogmore Cottage during the couple's return to London in June.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. And they will return to the UK on September 5, in order to visit a number of charities "close to their hearts".  Announcing the trip last month, a spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." Charity One Young World, which will be the first stop on Meghan and Harry's trip, said it is "delighted" that the couple will be attending its Manchester Summit.