Newcastle could renew their interest in Lyon midfielder Lucas Paqueta after the Ligue 1 side dropped their valuation of the player by £18million. It has been well documented that the Brazil international is a target for Eddie Howe and the Magpies may now revisit the star given the difficulties they have faced in their move for Leicester star James Maddison. Paqueta has become a target for clubs across the Premier League on the back of two impressive seasons in the South of France. He has found the net 20 times for Lyon and contributed a further 13 assists in 77 appearances. He is said to have placed a transfer request with his current club in order to try and force a move elsewhere. Arsenal, Manchester City and Tottenham have all been credited with interest during the transfer window however it is Newcastle that have consistently maintained the closest ties.  Paqueta is a close friend of Bruno Guimaraes and visited his former team-mate on Tyneside during the summer and is said to be keen on a move to the northeast. Lyon’s initial £58m price tag for the South American was enough to put Newcastle off given their need to follow financial fair play regulations. However, the word from across the Channel is that the attacking midfielder may be available for around £40m, the price they were originally willing to pay Leicester for Maddison. JUST IN: Tottenham told they have major advantage over Man City for title On the other hand, the Englishman remains the Magpies’ top target after having two bids rejected by their Premier League rivals. Toon head coach Howe still wants two recruits before the transfer deadline and has been forced to consider more midfield options after Jonjo Shelvey was ruled out for the first half of the campaign with a hamstring injury. Paqueta could therefore arrive as an alternative to Maddison or as an additional signing. The Brazilian would complete a trio of Brazilian midfielders, joining best pal Guimaraes and his Samba compatriot Joelinton. The signing has the approval of football pundit Frank McAvennie who spoke in glowing terms of the Lyon star.  “If they want to get this guy, and it sounds like they do, then they will,” the ex-West Ham striker told Football Insider. “He’s already got a mate over there so that is a big plus for him. It’s really hard to move to another country on your own. Joelinton can help out as well, being Brazilian. “It makes a lot of sense to me and even though it would be their record deal, that’s the fee they will have to pay. Clubs will ask for more money because it is Newcastle, that’s just a fact, unfortunately. But if they really want him, I see no problem in getting him. “It would be another incredible signing for them, considering where they were.”