Novak Djokovic has confirmed his first tournament since being forced to withdraw from the US Open after the American government maintained their ban on unvaccinated foreign nationals entering the country. The Serb is already lined up for two team events after the final Major of the year but has now entered an ATP tournament. Djokovic announced that he would not be playing the US Open shortly before the draw was made on Thursday after months of speculation that he would be banned from entering the country. The three-time former champion had been holding out hope that the government would loosen their travel restrictions but as of Wednesday, the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention website still listed a ban on unvaccinated foreign nationals. The world No 6 has not played since winning Wimbledon, with travel restrictions also leaving him unable to play the two Masters 1000 tournaments in the lead-up to the US Open, but he has now added a new tournament to his schedule after being unable to return to Flushing Meadows where he was the runner-up last year. Djokovic will be competing in the Tel Aviv ATP 250 tournament on the week beginning September 26 - his first official ATP event for the post-US Open period. The Tel Aviv tournament has not been held since 1996 and is one of a whole host of new additions to the tour’s schedule for the final quarter of the season. JUST IN: Murray left bemused as double bounce sees Cerundolo concede point  The 21-time Major champion already has two team events lined up for the weeks after the US Open. He will be representing Serbia at the Davis Cup Finals Group Stage from September 13 to 18 before making his second Laver Cup appearance from September 23 to 25, where he will join forces with his Big Four rivals. Djokovic last played the Ryder Cup-style event in 2018 alongside Roger Federer but this will mark the first time that the pair will also team up with Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray on the same side of the net. The Big Four will also be joined by Casper Ruud and Stefanos Tsitsipas on Team Europe. DON'T MISS Ronnie O'Sullivan sends message to Serena Williams ahead of retirementRafael Nadal and US Open stars discover huge sum raised for Ukraine'Biggest force in tennis history' Serena Williams ready to end era  And it will be a quick turnaround for the 35-year-old, who has now committed to playing in Tel Aviv the day after the team tournament finishes. Djokovic will join the likes of world No 16 Diego Schwartzman and 2020 US Open champion Dominic Thiem in Israel for the new 250-point competition.  The tournament will mark Djokovic’s first chance to play for ATP ranking points since the French Open in June. The men’s tour stripped Wimbledon of its points in response to the tournament’s ban on Russian and Belarusian players, and ranking points are not awarded for the Davis Cup or Laver Cup. 