Sophie Wessex, 57, attended Day Five of the Commonwealth Games in a Gabriela Hearst plum gown. The Countess of Wessex was presenting team England with bronze medals during a medal presentation for the Men's 3x3 Wheelchair Basketball at Smithfield. Sophie chose to wear the Woodward Dress in Plum from Gabriela Hearst. The description on the website says: "The Woodward dress from Gabriela Hearst is refined yet relaxed and feminine with a hint of bohemian. "It is made in Italy from a lightweight blend of wool and cashmere in a deep purple hue with hidden buttons down the front, three-quarter length sleeves and our favourite, side pockets that are gathered and stitched to make an artful silhouette." This is a repeat wear for Sophie who has worn the dress since 2019. The dress retailed for an outstanding $2,595, or roughly £2,130. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour However, the plum dress is now sold out. This is most likely to do with its popularity after being worn on a member of the Royal Family. Sophie accessorised with a simple white bracelet. Her diamond engagement ring from Prince Edward could also be seen in pictures. Sophie's hair was wavy and tucked neatly behind her ears. This allowed royal fans to see the small earring studs she was wearing. Royal fans took to social media to praise the Countess' style. Instagram user @sabrina_hala_ said: "Beautiful for Countess Sophie." READ MORE: Lady Louise sports pink Lipsy London skirt to match mum Sophie Wessex Another fan @anniam.nz commented: "What a great dress. Awesome colour!" Similarly, @oneplusonemakes8 added: "Love that dress and colour on her." Royal watcher @sofipusarelli wrote: "Very nice!" One fan, @h_k_blend was complimentary but also slightly disappointed. They said: "The dress is nice but the pockets are eh." Sophie has been a key fixture at the Commonwealth Games every day so far with her family. Royal fans have been delighted to see Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14, attend the games also. Louise and Sophie have cleverly matched their style every day at the Games to fans' delight.