"Hormones are essential chemicals in the body that regulate a whole host of different processes," said Dr Kinsella, adding that they have a "huge impact" on the whole body. "Hormones help to regulate the moisture levels of your tissue and stimulate collagen production," explained Dr Kinsella. "If your hormone levels are imbalanced the amount of collagen and oils that moisten the skin drops and so skin becomes dry and irritated." Thus, one particularly unheard of symptom of a hormonal imbalance is "itchy skin that feels like something is crawling on it". Another possible indication of a hormonal imbalance is swollen, sore or bleeding gums. "Bleeding gums, gum swelling, soreness, etc, are signs of your body fighting inflammation," said Dr Kinsella. "And they are most obvious when your immune system is being [bolstered] by progesterone." READ MORE: How to live longer: The single food that slashes risk of death by 42% "For this reason a hormone imbalance could be the cause of ringing in the ears, also known as tinnitus." Signs of a hormonal imbalance you can see: Dry and irritated skin Bleeding and sore gums Brittle nails Finer hair Hairy face (for women) Signs of a hormonal imbalance you can feel: Anxiety Signs of a hormonal imbalance you can hear: Tinnitus A drop in oestrogen and progesterone hormones can affect the hair follicles, which can cause the hair to become finer in texture. Moreover, a rise in testosterone, for example, can lead to more hair growing on the face and body in women. "Fortunately there are now lots of effective treatments that can permanently remove unwanted hair such as laser treatments," Dr Kinsella added. The aesthetic and hormone doctor added: "If you think your fingernails are the last thing that can be affected by hormones, then you’re wrong. "The fluctuation of hormones such as oestrogen can result in a range of unexpected symptoms. "Oestrogen is one of the hormones that contributes to regulating water levels in your body." If oestrogen levels drop, the body can become dehydrated, which can lead to brittle nails. In addition, when stressed, the body can be flooded with cortisol – a "steroid hormone" that slows down the body's ability to make testosterone. "The increased cortisol combined with the lowered testosterone makes many people feel more anxious," Dr Kinsella explained. Thus, some times, repeated rushes of anxiety could be underpinned by a hormonal imbalance. "In the last decade there has been more research about how hormones can affect the central and peripheral nerves," said Dr Kinsella. "Low estradiol, for example, is thought to be responsible for confusion in transmitting sound signals from the ear to the brain. "For this reason a hormone imbalance could be the cause of ringing in the ears, also known as tinnitus." Signs of a hormonal imbalance you can see: Signs of a hormonal imbalance you can feel: Signs of a hormonal imbalance you can hear: