What starts off as a hobby could turn into a money-making project. Someone will offer to pay you for your handiwork. This could be a great way to make some extra cash and once you get hooked on a new interest, you will want to spend all your time on it. An extensive home improvement project will be worth the cost and the effort. After a lot of discussion and deliberation, you will agree to go ahead with these plans. Are you single? You will be getting on exceedingly well with a new colleague or neighbour, and you might sense something special developing between you. There are a lot of distractions around you. You may have been intent on sticking to your original intentions, come what may, but this could prove an impossible challenge. A workmate’s ideas to improve work efficiency will end up wasting your own and everyone else’s time.  Breaking away from routine tasks will be lots of fun. Joint activities will be enjoyed with a grateful heart. You’re finding it more accessible than expected to be open about your feelings when you’re with friends and family. Just be sure that a secret of the past does remain a secret. You won’t get anywhere if you don’t at least try. There is something you feel strongly that you must do. Go with your instincts. If you need help or want a partner’s approval, do your best to get others to agree to go along with your ideas. A new neighbour or colleague is causing trouble, but you sense they don’t realise how much of a nuisance of themselves they are making. They’re trying too hard to impress everyone, and their helpfulness feels more like interference. A discreet word might help clear up misunderstandings.  Even after completing jobs that require a high level of physical activity, you will still have energy left to spare. You’re so lively other people can’t keep up with you. Group activities will be where you shine. Team-mates will be impressed by your talents and quick reactions. You aren’t in a rush as you know where you are going, and step by careful step, you will reach your goal. The more organised you are, the more you will fit into your days. A determined and dedicated person like you knows that you have to work hard to get results. The drive, enthusiasm and interest you are putting into a new scheme or project will give you the energy to make forward momentum. Although you have fallen slightly behind with some plans, you will soon catch up. You’re focused with a laser-like vision on your goals.  Agreeing to make some changes in a joint commitment will be more beneficial than you had anticipated. Sorting out joint money arrangements will give you greater financial independence in the long term. There will be some relief to feel you have more control of your life. You’ve been through a tough time, and the way you have been handling pressure and expectations of yourself is proving your incredible stamina. Challenges that appeared too difficult to deal with on your own won’t be as hard as you had been imagining. You might decide to press someone you live with to make a decision concerning money. It’s a rare occasion when you are the one who forces the issue, but you have a strong feeling that now is an excellent time to apply for a loan or mortgage that has been a talking point in your household for a while. 