The FSB claims a Ukrainian woman rented a flat in Ms Dugina's building, trailed her, planted the car bomb and then escaped to Estonia. Ukraine, however, continues to deny any involvement in the assassination. Ms Dugina was the daughter of Aleksander Dugin, an ultranationalist political philosopher.  Many experts believe his views have influenced the Kremlin's narrative on Ukraine. His daughter was killed on Saturday night on the outskirts of Moscow, after her car was torn apart by a bomb. Certainly, eyebrows have been raised at the speed of the investigation by Russian FSB agents. Lyubov Sobol, a prominent anti-Putin activist, noted how slow Russian security officials had been in prosecuting the murders of prominent Putin critics such as Boris Nemstov. She tweeted: "I don’t remember other high-profile murders and assassination attempts (Politkovskaya, Nemtsov, Kara-Murza, Navalny) being 'revealed' so quickly."   Alex Kokcharov, a country risk analyst based in London, also voiced his doubts to the veracity of the FSB's claims. He wrote: "The speed of the FSB 'investigation' makes me even more convinced that Dugina was killed in an attack masterminded within the FSB and probably targeting her father and not her." The assassination comes as Ukraine gears up to celebrate its Independence Day this coming Wednesday. However, fears are growing that the Kremlin will use the occasion to intensify its attacks on the country and its civilian population. Ukraine's military warned that Russia had positioned five warships and submarines armed with cruise missiles in the Black Sea. READ MORE: EU risks major Russia escalation as plans laid out for 'army training' They also said Moscow was positioning air defence systems in Belarus. Hard line Kremlin supporters have urged Putin to dish put retributive punishment on Kyiv. Margarita Simonyan, an editor of the RT television channel, said Russia should target government officials. In a social media repost of a previous call to bomb the headquarters of Ukraine's SBU intelligence agency, she wrote: "Decision-making centres!! Decision-making centres!!!” Maria Zakharova, a spokesperson for the Russian foreign ministry, said that if a Ukrainian link was confirmed, “then we should talk about the policy of state terrorism implemented by the Kyiv regime”. DON'T MISSRussia burns: Protesters set fire to police car with Z mark [NEWS]Putin would ‘use nuclear weapons’ against Xi in war with China [SPOTLIGHT]Putin humiliation: Army sends men in 'flip flops and shorts' to front [REVEAL] Russian partisans have claimed responsibility for the murder of Dugina and vowed "to destroy Putin" in a statement. The National Republican Army, a previously unknown organisation, has now claimed it carried out the bombing in a statement. Describing themselves as "partisans and fighters", they wrote: "We declare President Putin a usurper of power and a war criminal. "We believe that disenfranchised people have the right to rebel against tyrants. "Putin will be deposed and destroyed by us!'