Flowers and plants can add colour to any garden, no matter how big the space. For gardeners who missed planting in spring, experts at sustainable and ethical marketplace GoEthical have shared the top “wow factor flowers to plant” in August, including dahlias. The experts said: “With plenty of colour and interesting leaves from midsummer to autumn, dahlias are the perfect low-maintenance choice for August. “They also range widely in sizes, from cute two inch pom poms to giant 15 inch dinner plates. “Most varieties reach four to five feet tall. “Dahlias also thrive in containers as well as directly in the ground so you can move them into a greenhouse when the weather turns colder later in the year.” READ MORE: Where does Rishi Sunak live? A look at the PM hopeful's properties The experts also recommended sedums, which are perfect for bees and insects. The flower loves a sunny spot in well-drained soil and look great when grouped together. The experts continued: “For a low-maintenance bonus, sedums need very little watering too. “In winter, the dead flower heads look fantastic covered in frost so it’s worth keeping them on the stems for a fantastic snowy scene. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [COMMENT]‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now [EXPLAINER]Top 10 gardening jobs for August - from pruning to mowing lawn [EXPERT] “Salvias are also known as ornamental sage and are not to be missed in a late summer garden. “They have a wonderful herby scent when the flower is crushed between the fingers and are rich in nectar to attract a biodiverse garden. “The spikes of tubular, lipped flowers come in almost every colour imaginable, from white and pastel pink to deep purples, magenta, scarlet and electric blue.” Similar to sedums, salvias grow best in full sun and in well-drained soil. READ MORE: Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ For those looking to add different pops of colour into their garden, rudbeckias could be perfect. Coming in shades of yellow, red and orange, the experts said these are very “easy to grow”. They explained: “They like a sunny spot and are easy to grow - mature clumps of perennial varieties that are four or five years old can be lifted and divided in spring or autumn. “Rudbeckias grow well in moderately fertile, moisture-retentive but not soggy soil. “Rudbeckias originate from the prairies of North America, so they are able to grow well in exposed windy areas.” Foxgloves are a common wild plant growing in woods and hedgerows and are quintessential of an English country garden. It is easy to spot with its large spikes of pink and purple trumpet flowers in summer. GoEthical experts said: “Foxgloves can mostly be seen with bees tipping in and out of the flower heads for nectar. “You can either sow them where you want them to grow or start them off in pots and modules, overwintering them in a cold frame before planting out next spring. “If you're looking for early summer drama and colour when it comes to what to plant in August, try your hand at sowing hardy annual poppies. “They come in a range of shades, from brilliant scarlet to dusty purple. Some are single-petalled whilst some are frilly pom-poms so you can take your pick at what suits your space the most. “As we know from seeing them grow in the wild, poppies will thrive in even poor soil and are happy to be left to their own devices. “However, they will do best in a sunny, free-draining spot, so if you garden on heavy clay, open up and enrich your soil by digging in some grit and lots of well-rotted compost or manure.” Honeywort and crocosmia were also recommended by the experts.