Sir Keir sat quietly as he listened to Mr Jones call his army of Labour supporters a "bunch of Waitrose customers." The political commentator went on to claim that the leader of the Labour Party had done the exact opposite of what he promised to do for the Party. The Labour leader dismissed Mr Jones's attempted takedown and claimed he knew him and liked him as he insisted he is "not focussed" on what the activist thinks but rather on winning the next general election against the Conservative Party. Mr Vine said: "I'll show you a little clip of Owen Jones who is on the show a lot, have a look at this." In the clip, Mr Jones said: "Keir Starmer is a professional political con man, he has brazenly overtly delivered the exact opposite of what he said he would be as Labour leader. "I know his army of supporters online, the most tedious ridiculous Waitrose customers that you will ever come across, they think it's all fine. "But the fact is that is the truth, he is a con man, he is not someone anyone can trust." But Sir Keir appeared unphased as he said: "I'm not focused on Owen, I'm sorry Owen, I know Owen, I like Owen. JUST IN: China and Russia send ominous threat as 50,000 troops to amass IN HOURS     "I'm not focused on Owen, I'm focused intently on winning the next general election, because we can talk about what we're going to do and up and down dale but until we win an election we won't do it." He continued: "The Labour Party has lost four elections in a row, Owen was a cheerleader at the last attempt and we failed. "If we carry on like that we are letting millions of people down, so I took a decision to take the Labour Party from where we were when I took over, which was the worst general election defeat since 1935. "Just change the Labour Party, make it face the voters and talk about what they wanted to talk about, put practical ideas on the table 'how do you pay your bills this winter?' "Who is going to pay for it? In the hope that we can get a Labour Government because we desperately need a change, and that is what I'm absolutely determined to bring about."  READMORE: Boris says post-Brexit Britain will bounce back - but he WON'T be in next government     Owen Jones was quick to hit back at the Labour leader, posting on Twitter: "Also, in another example of Starmer’s dishonesty: he calls me a “cheerleader” of the last Labour leader "Yet so was he? He served his Shadow Cabinet, campaigned to make him Prime Minister, praised him to the hilt in the leadership campaign… then U-turned at the opportune moment." Sir Keir has outlined how hopeful he is for a new general election, hoping for a chance to secure Number 10 for the Labour Party against the new Prime Minister. The Conservative Party has been in the process of choosing between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss to succeed Boris Johnson, with the need to beat Labour prominent in the mind of MPs. DON’T MISS: Meghan Markle set to unleash private diary and unveil Royal Family secrets in OWN memoir[INSIGHT]'He’s so excited!' Meghan and Archie share adorable and intimate moment at school gates [REVEAL]Russia delivers energy hammer blow to EU as it SWITCHES OFF gas supplies to Germany [SPOTLIGHT]     Lecturer in US Politics & Policy, Dr Richard Johnson told GB News: "I think the Starmer leadership has been defined by a kind of caution "Which is quite interesting because when you think back to the leadership election in 2020, Starmer presented himself as continuity Corbyn.