CGT is usually charged on a property when it is sold but it can also be applied to other assets. The total CGT liability increased 42 percent compared to the year before, while the amount of gains and number of taxpayers increased by 19 and 20 percent, respectively. A decision to freeze the capital gains tax threshold in March 2021 has earned the treasury billions of pounds in taxes, latest figures have revealed. New data published by HMRC shows that in the 2020 to 2021 tax year the total amount of Capital Gains Tax (CGT) liability was £14.3 billion for 323,000 taxpayers. Julia Rosenbloom, tax partner at Evelyn Partners said: “HMRC’s latest annual update shows the continued importance of CGT receipts to the Treasury. “While we wait for the new prime minister to take office in early September, when tax reforms could subsequently be announced in a new budget, families may wish to give thought to their tax planning and make the most of their current allowances and the relatively low rates of CGT before any changes are introduced.” READ MORE: DWP confirms thousands of PIP claimants will see their benefits change While tax planning is always a good idea, anyone who is considering selling a property or business should remember that disposing of large assets can be a lengthy process. Ms Rosenbloom added: “Even without any changes to CGT, even greater numbers of people are likely to be impacted by CGT over the coming years as a result of a decision in the March 2021 Budget by the then Chancellor Rishi Sunak to freeze the annual £12,300 capital gains allowance until 5 April 2026. “This freeze is particularly painful in a period of continued higher inflation and rising property prices which means many more people will be brought into the scope of CGT.” She advises people to make sure they are aware of all the tax breaks available to them. DON'T MISS:Pensioners with back pain or other conditions could get up to £4,804 [UPDATE]State pension to rise by £2,000 to £11,654 a year so will you miss out [WARNING]Woman secures £4,810 a year by following Martin Lewis tip [ALERT]Carers Allowance explained: Who can claim DWP support? [INSIGHT]  She added: “Married couples and civil partners can transfer assets between themselves free of CGT, to maximise use of tax allowances. “This means couples can make use of two sets of capital gains allowances when selling shares, two sets of ISA allowances to shelter investments from future capital gains and even where some CGT is likely, shifting investments into the name of whichever partner pays a lower tax rate can help reduce a tax bill.” To make matters complicated not everyone will pay the same amount of Capital Gains Tax. Exactly how much CGT one pays depends on how much they earn and pay in income tax. READ MORE: Thousands could ditch TV licence and save 159 a year - could you?  Basic rate taxpayers will pay 18 percent capital gains tax (CGT) if they make a gain after selling a property. This increases to 28 percent if they usually pay the higher rate of tax. Gains from selling other assets that aren’t property are charged at 10 percent for basic-rate taxpayers. That increases to 20 percent for higher-rate taxpayers. The Capital Gains Tax rates and allowances for 2022 are: