Manchester United have reportedly enquired about PSG star Achraf Hakimi as they target late transfer action. The Morocco international only moved to France from Inter Milan last summer but, having endured an underwhelming maiden campaign in Ligue 1, could be on the move. And the Red Devils may take advantage of his situation as they also close in on a deal for Ajax forward Antony. Manchester United are on the verge of landing Antony, who has been a priority transfer target for Ten Hag all summer long. The Red Devils are expected to recruit the 22-year-old for a huge £85million, a fee that will make him the second most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history behind Paul Pogba. United’s spending is unlikely to stop there, however, with Ten Hag looking for more reinforcements as the clock ticks down. And journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, claims the Red Devils have made ‘tentative enquiries’ for Hakimi as they set their sights on a new right-back. However, their chances of landing the 22-year-old still appear to be remote. “Hakimi is unlikely,” he told GiveMeSport. "There have been tentative enquiries again on that one, because he was linked with Barcelona and United have looked at Hakimi before. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers “If he’s going to be available, they want to be in that conversation.” United have seen Diogo Dalot shine so far this season, with the Portugal international registering an assist as the club beat Southampton 1-0 on Saturday. But they know they need more at right-back in order to keep the former Porto star on his toes. Aaron Wan-Bissaka only joined United back in the summer transfer window of 2019, back when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. Yet he’s endured a nightmare last 12 months, losing his place in the team and toiling after Ralf Rangnick succeeded Solskjaer on an interim basis. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Wan-Bissaka has now been deemed surplus to requirements, with former club Crystal Palace interested in a loan deal. There was once a time when United thought Brandon Williams could be a right-back but, despite a positive loan spell at Norwich City last term, he’s now on the market. If United land Hakimi, he could be deployed Antony on the right-hand side of Erik ten Hag’s attack. But with Jones saying a deal is ‘unlikely’, it’ll be interesting to see whether they swoop for any alternatives. Sergino Dest has emerged as one option, with the Barcelona star previously playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Max Aarons and Vanderson, of Norwich City and Monaco, have also been linked throughout the summer so far. Meanwhile, speaking after United beat Southampton on Saturday, Ten Hag revealed he’d swoop for potential targets if the club receive encouragement late deals can be struck. “If a good player is available we will strike. We will be alert until the last second of the window,” he said. And Ten Hag also praised United for their display, insisting they’d learned from their recent 4-0 hammering at the hands of Brentford. "I think the players learnt some lessons from Brentford. We were more compact on the long balls. Of course we were really happy,” he said. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “The goal we created, we could have made more. You hope to have more control in the last 30 minutes of the game. "Before half time we already had the best chance of the game. I was satisfied. At the start of the game we could have created more. “It is the start of the season, it is tough. You have to battle and we did that today so we were rewarded. "It was a fantastic finish. I am really happy for Bruno [Fernandes]. But I think it was the best part of us. We kept control straight after half time. We moved it around and we created three really good chances straight after half time and that is how I want us to play. "I still feel there is room for improvement, to control more, but we are not that long in our way. We can improve that is clear." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here