Raymond Briggs' death was announced yesterday by his heartbroken family. The author and illustrator was best known for the 1978 creation The Snowman, as well as others which were a hit with fans, including When The Wind Blows.  "We know that Raymond’s books were loved by and touched millions of people around the world, who will be sad to hear this news," his family wrote in a statement. They added that he reciprocated the love of all those who were nostalgic about his work.  "Drawings from fans - especially children’s drawings - inspired by his books were treasured by Raymond, and pinned up on the wall of his studio," the statement confirmed. According to the statement, Raymond actively took pleasure in positive feedback from fans and the media alike. He especially enjoyed being described in one article as an "iconoclastic national treasure". READ NOW: Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie Raymond's work is always remembered on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day in the UK, as The Snowman has become a TV accompaniment to the special day in many households. His creation was considered to have fitted perfectly with the Howard Blake soundtrack, featuring the iconic track 'Walking In The Air'. Meanwhile, the statement from his family gave an insight into the heartwarming family atmosphere the author had experienced throughout his life. It revealed: "He lived a rich and full life and said he felt lucky to have had both his wife Jean, and his partner of over 40 years Liz in his life." The statement continued: "He shared his love of nature with Liz on South Downs Walks and on family holidays to Scotland and Wales. "He also shared his sense of fun and craziness with his family, and with his family of artist friends - at get-togethers, fancy dress parties, and summer picnics in the garden." He was also a fan of playing practical jokes - and was a good sport when it came to being the pranked one. "All of us close to him knew his irreverent humour," the statement explained. DON'T MISS... Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [LATEST] Brooklyn Beckham's wife thanks dad for 'having my back' amid struggles [INSIGHT] 'Lucky I didn't punch him!' Fuming Will Smith hits out at reporter [UNEARTHED VIDEO] It added: "This could be biting in his work when it came to those in power." Raymond's family also confirmed that he would be "deeply missed" by his step-children and step-grandchildren, who loved him dearly. He spent the final weeks of his life in hospital, but is said to have received excellent care. "His family would like to thank all of the team on Overton Ward at Royal Sussex County Hospital for their kind and thoughtful care of Raymond in his final weeks," the statement clarified. Meanwhile, Francesca Dow, the Managing Director of the children's category at Penguin Random House, also gave a fond statement. She described Raymond's books as "picture masterpieces that address some of the fundamental questions of what it is to be human". Francesca added that his work was equally loved by children and adults alike. She praised his "kindness, integrity and generosity", which displayed itself in his work. "All of us who had the privilege of working with him will miss him," she lamented.