Manchester United board are unsure when it comes to signing Marko Arnautovic from Bologna, according to reports. The Austria international is familiar to Erik ten Hag, with the duo previously working together at FC Twente over in the Netherlands. And he’s on the club’s radar at a time where the Red Devils boss is beginning to get ‘frustrated’ behind the scenes at Old Trafford. Manchester United have signed Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez so far this summer as they seek a better campaign than the one they endured under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But they clearly need more, particularly in the wake of Sunday’s chastening 2-1 defeat to Brighton at Old Trafford - where a brace from Pascal Gross gave the visitors all three points. According to The Telegraph, Ten Hag is beginning to get ‘frustrated’ with his main attacking target, Antony, out of reach. Ajax have made it clear they’d want a substantial fee to let the Brazil international go, particularly after losing the likes of Martinez, Ryan Gravenberch and Sebastien Haller already this summer. United are now eyeing Arnautovic as a result. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And though they’re optimistic a second offer for the forward will succeed, some sources doubt whether he’ll be as good a signing as Juventus’ Adrien Rabiot. Rabiot is now actively being pursued by the Red Devils, with the France international having just one year left on his contract over in Turin. United’s pursuit of the midfielder is reportedly ‘advanced’, though they’re yet to talk personal terms with the 27-year-old’s agent and mother, Veronique. She won't deal with intermediaries and will only talk to John Murtough, the club’s football director. Juventus want between £12.5million and £17m to let the former Paris Saint-Germain star go. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And United have received a boost with Rabiot actively asking to leave, with the Old Lady agreeing to his request at a time where Massimiliano Allegri is planning without the player. Rabiot would, ideally, leave Juventus for a team playing in the Champions League. But United are an exception, according to sources close to the midfielder, due to their stature as one of the biggest clubs in the whole of world football. United are also being linked with Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, too. Express Sport were told just days ago that the Red Devils didn’t have the Lazio star under consideration and any rumours were ‘agent talk’. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But United may now perform a U-turn at a time where their pursuit of Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong looks increasingly likely to fail. Whether the Red Devils are able to bring in reinforcements remains to be seen. Yet United are poised to graft until the very last day of the transfer window to ensure they bolster their squad with the right names. Arnautovic would be a risk for the Red Devils given he previously spent three years strutting his stuff in China. And, with 14 goals in 33 appearances for Bologna last term, the Austria international would add a different dimension to United’s attack. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Speaking after United’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton on Sunday, meanwhile, Gary Neville expressed his unhappiness with the club’s pursuit of Arnautovic. “The first thing you do when the phone rings from Manchester United is reject the bid," he said. “Because the reality of it is, they lost that game today, they’re actually negotiating now from an even worse position than they were yesterday.” On Arnautovic specifically, he added: “I don’t know. I’ve got no comment on it. “I’ve got to comment on everything in the world apart from Arnautovic, I’ve got nothing to say.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here