At 76, Lesley Joseph is showing no signs of slowing down. Not only is she starring in Celebrity Masterchef, the actress – famed for playing Dorien Green in Birds Of A Feather – is also in the new theatre production of Sister Act: The Musical. Portraying Sister Mary Lazarus, how does the British Soap Award nominee (2002) stay as "fit as a flea". Speaking to the Sunday Express S Magazine, Lesley shared: "There’s nothing I can’t do now that I could do when I was in my 40s. "I’m fit as a flea, to be honest, and I love doing yoga. Retirement just isn’t in my plans - learning lines keeps my brain young and performing keeps my body fit. There are also a few other things I would like to do before I retire. Sometimes I can’t believe how old I am because I’ve got so much energy." Lesley admitted that at her age, she doesn't know how much longer she has in show business. "I’m still ambitious but I know my time is limited," she confessed. "So I would rather do something I’ve never done before." READ MORE: GMB host Ranvir Singh's agonising 'allergic reaction' that happened on live TV explained Back in 2019, Lesley said "the secret of ageing carefully and properly is exercise, both mental and physical". In addition to learning lines, which keeps her brain "agile", she "walk[s] everywhere". The star elaborated: "In London I’ll get off the Tube early and walk a couple of stops." Lesley's mum was also very active in older age, only giving up badminton at the age of 90. READ MORE: GMB host Ranvir Singh's agonising 'allergic reaction' that happened on live TV explained "She died just short of 104," Lesley revealed. "She gave up badminton at 90, played tennis beyond that, and was line dancing until 96. She was an amazing woman." Experts at Harvard Medical School penned that "mental gymnastics" can help to keep your brain young. Examples of mental gymnastics include: reading, doing courses, word puzzles, and math problems. Experimenting with crafts that require manual dexterity as well as mental effort should also work, such as painting and drawing. A person's diet can also influence the risk of disease and, consequently, longevity. Limiting the intake of alcohol, saturated fat, sugar, and refined carbohydrates can help to stave off disease. "Excessive drinking is a major risk factor for dementia," the experts pointed out. "If you choose to drink, limit yourself to two drinks a day." If you have an unhealthy diet, full of fatty foods, you're more likely to develop high blood pressure and high cholesterol – two possibly life-limiting conditions. "Good nutrition can help your mind as well as your body," the experts continued. The Mediterranean-style diet is highly recommended, which comprises of: The NHS also suggests that everybody engages in at least 150 minutes of moderate activity each week to keep physically fit. Celebrity MasterChef continues tonight (23rd August) on BBC One at 9pm.