Derek Chisora believes Tommy Fury ‘won’t fight’ KSI due to the potential backlash from the traveller community. Del Boy is confident KSI – whose real name is JJ Olatunji – will knock out Tyson Fury’s brother despite the gulf in experience. Chisora made these comments backstage after The Nightmare’s return to the ring on Saturday evening as he defeated two men on the same night. KSI kicked off his own card by knocking out rapper Swarmz before closing the show three hours later with another stoppage win against 2-6 professional boxer Luis Pineda. Post-fight, Olatunji called out a number of well-known influencers including Fury who had been considered as a replacement for the YouTuber’s original opponent Alex Wassabi when he pulled out with a concussion three weeks ago. Weighing in on the possibility of a clash between KSI and Fury, Chisora told Boxing Social: “I’d like to see that, one hundred per cent, let’s make that happen. What’s Tommy Fury done in the last two years? Nothing.” Chisora then continued to give his official prediction on the fight: “KSI. Smoke him. You know, Tommy Fury will not fight KSI because he knows if he loses to KSI the traveller community will never ever respect him and KSI will knock him out.” KSI is now expected to have one more fight before his long-awaited grudge match with Jake Paul. During his post-fight interview, he called out Andrew Tate, Slim, the winner of Austin McBroom and AnEsonGib, and of course, Fury. MORE BOXING NEWS... Usyk told how he can upset Fury as former opponent offers advice KSI batters Luis Pineda for second win in one night KSI and Jake Paul react to Deji winning first ever boxing match Speaking to The True Geordie in the ring post-fight for DAZN, KSI said: "Ladies and gentlemen, are you not entertained? It's good to be back. Two fights, one night, two KOs. Yeah buddy. I said it, I talked the talk, and I walked the walk. "Bro I saw the fights - Slim [Albaher] looks good. I want a piece of that. Yeah. Austin [McBroom] vs Gib [AnEsonGib], I want the winner of that. Andrew Tate, I want a piece of that. Tommy Fury, I want a piece of that. I warmed up and I'm ready. I'm excited. He continued: “These guys think they can mess with me, but once they feel the power, it's dangerous bro. I'm moving like Deontay Wilder in these streets man. It's scary, no-one wants it." In response to KSI’s call out, Fury tweeted: "You know where to find me, @KSI".