The People's Liberation Army posted the video on Chinese state media sites on Monday evening, along with a rallying cry for troops to "stand by in battle formation, be ready to fight upon command, bury all incoming enemies." Beijing has warned that its military would never "sit idly by" if Nancy Pelosi were to visit Taiwan, the self-ruled island claimed by China. Ms Pelosi would be the first US speaker to visit Taiwan since 1997 if the diplomatic mission goes ahead. The highly-edited PLA footage shows fighter planes and missiles being readied for action before revealing lines of uniform soldiers in ranks under the banner of the Chinese Communist party. Chinese soldiers can then be seen conducting beach landings drills, and deploying special forces troops in scuba gear. Later various branches of China's military are shown rushing to action stations as an alarm sounds, including fighter pilots and submariners. A series of explosive montages follow with missiles shown being delivered onto various targets, including a fighter jet parked in a bunker. The White House dismissed China's rhetoric as groundless and inappropriate. "It is not uncommon for congressional leaders to travel to Taiwan," National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said in an interview with CNN early Monday. "We shouldn't be, as a country, we shouldn't be intimidated by that rhetoric, or those potential actions. This is an important trip for the Speaker to be on and we're going to do whatever we can to support her." During a phone call last Thursday, Chinese President Xi Jinping warned US. President Joe Biden that Washington should abide by the one-China principle and "those who play with fire will perish by it". Biden told Xi that US policy on Taiwan had not changed and that Washington strongly opposes unilateral efforts to change the status quo or undermine peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait. Amid widespread speculation over whether she would make a stop in Taiwan, Pelosi's office said on Sunday that she was leading a congressional delegation to the region that would include visits to Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea, and Japan. It did not mention Taiwan. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian said that it would be "a gross interference in China's internal affairs" if Pelosi visits Taiwan, and warned that it would lead to "very serious developments and consequences." "We would like to tell the United States once again that China is standing by, the Chinese People's Liberation Army will never sit idly by, and China will take resolute responses and strong countermeasures to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity," Zhao told a regular daily briefing. Asked what kind of measures the PLA might take, Zhao said: "if she dares to go, then let us wait and see.'' DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Iran and Turkey hold ace card over Putin's shock plot [LIVE BLOG]Horrific footage shows Russian soldiers ‘castrating’ Ukrainian PoW [VIDEO]Brexit LIVE: Von der Leyen hands Irish fishermen major lifeline [ANALYSIS] China views visits by US officials to Taiwan as sending an encouraging signal to the pro-independence camp on the island. Washington does not have official diplomatic ties with Taiwan but is bound by U.S. law to provide the island with the means to defend itself. A visit by Pelosi, who is second in the line of succession to the US presidency and a long-time critic of China, would come amid worsening ties between Washington and Beijing. Republican Newt Gingrich was the last House speaker to visit Taiwan, in 1997. On Monday, Taiwan Premier Su Tseng-chang did not directly respond when asked whether Pelosi will visit on Thursday, as local media have speculated. READ NEXT 