Ryan Giggs claims ex Kate Greville secretly stopped using contraception to try and get pregnant with his child after she discovered he had been messaging other women, a court heard. The allegation came as Ms Greville was cross-examined by Giggs’ barrister on the fourth day of his trial. Ms Greville denied the claims, saying she was not sleeping with Giggs at the time and messages to friends referring to her “plan” were just about how she would leave him while he was working in Wales. Jurors at Manchester Crown Court heard Ms Greville, 36, discovered messages on Giggs’ phone showing he had been contacting other women in August 2020. Texts then show she told her friend she was getting her contraceptive coil removed, adding: “I am not walking away with nothing.” After telling pal Courtney Lang she plans to get her coil removed, the friend replies: “F****** hell, well, I can’t say I’m surprised as you don’t sound like you are”, with Ms Greville replying: “Going to have to be clever with this one.” Ms Greville did not tell Giggs, 48, she was having her coil removed and instead said she was at the hospital to treat cancerous cells found after a smear test, the court heard.  Giving evidence, she admitted it was a lie, adding: “I wanted to get him off my back and it's the only thing I could think of and it's awful. I completely regret saying those things but I needed to get him off my back, to leave me alone.” Chris Daw QC, for Giggs, claimed that, after she had her coil removed, text messages show the pair joking about having sex twice in 24 hours. Mr Daw suggested: “You were having active regular and very enthusiastic sex at this time including when you had your coil removed. If you had got pregnant by Mr Giggs you would have anticipated a significant amount of financial support for a very long time.” Ms Greville said: “If that's what happens.” The former Wales manager is accused of controlling behaviour towards Ms Greville from 2017 until their split in 2020 and assault occasioning actual bodily harm against her. He is also accused of assaulting her sister Emma Greville. Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court heard how he and Kate Greville had a “toxic” and “turbulent” seven-year relationship.  Mr Daw suggested Ms Greville’s decision to leave Giggs was based on the cheating and not on his alleged coercive and controlling behaviour. He said: “If you had just left him at that point you would have left with nothing financially.” Ms Greville replied: “I didn’t want anything financially” adding: “I could have that lifestyle myself, so it wasn’t the lifestyle he gave me.” Asked what she meant by her message to Ms Lang “I’m not walking away with nothing”, Ms Greville claimed: “I was talking about my dog. 100 per cent just the dog.” In another message Ms Lang asked “Have you been being a detective?” and Ms Greville replies: “Been awake, planning my attack.” Mr Daw continued: “Your plan was to get pregnant by Mr Giggs”. Ms Greville said: “No, absolutely not.”   The court also heard messages Ms Greville sent to Giggs after finding messages on his phone from other women. The court heard she messaged Giggs: “Can’t help yourself can you?” and “Thanks for wasting my time pig. I actually hate you. I will find someone a million times better. F*** you, Ryan, f*** you." Giggs, who denies all charges, won 64 caps for Wales and 13 Premier League titles, two Champions League trophies, four FA Cups and three League Cups during his time at Manchester United. He is also a co-owner of League Two side Salford City. The trial continues.