Chairman of Migrant Watch Alp Mehmet warned “unless we can show that they won’t be allowed to stay in the country” the number of illegal migrants crossing the English Channel to reach the UK “will continue to go up and up”. In light of the current Tory leadership race, Mr Mehmet raged at the two candidates Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss and stressed “what really depresses me is the fact that [the two candidates] have come up with nonsensical ideas and procedures” to tackle the current situation at the Channel. The comments came as reports from the Ministry of Defence show that more than 20,000 asylum seekers have reached the UK in small boats so far this year. Mr Mehmet told GB News: “The situation at the Channel is going to get even more serious. “Unless we can show that they won’t be allowed to stay here, that you won’t make your way into Britain by simply getting into a boat and being rescued by a British vessel, then the numbers will continue to go up and up.” Following the remarks, GB News host Colin Brazier pointed out: “It’s summer, the Channel attorneys like a millpond but what’s been remarkable about these stories is that when the winter comes, when the Channel gets choppier, they’ll still be coming.” Mr Mehmet responded: “They will [come] indeed. “As we’ve pointed out over and over again, at the moment it looks as if we’re going to get something like 50,000 to 55,000 by the end of the year. “Believe it or not, the Home Office regard this as some sort of success because it’s not quite as many as they expected to arrive, which is nonsense.” Referring to Tory leadership candidates Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, he argued: “What really depresses me is the fact that the two leadership candidates really have firstly come up with nonsensical ideas and nonsensical procedures for cutting it back. “That aside, they’re also ignoring legal immigration, which is fantastic. READ MORE: Protestors barricade themselves around immigration vehicles “Of course, that’s going to make better pictures, but the fact is 50/55,000 in one year is a huge number that you’ve got to look after. “The numbers will rise undoubtedly. “There are figures released over the weekend of those getting into the EU which show that those coming in illegally are 86 percent above what they were this time last year. “You’re talking about hundreds of thousands of people, a lot of whom I’m afraid will make their way to the northern shore of France”. DON'T MISS: Gove confronted in furious Brexit row over 30-hour easyJet delay [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: 'Relations will get worse' European Union fears erupt  [LISTEN]Moving vans spotted outside Downing Street as PM prepares to leave [INSIGHT] The Ministry of Defence has confirmed that more than 20,000 people have crossed the Channel in small boats this year. According to reports from the MoD, the highest daily total of illegal migrants crossing the Channel this year was reacted on August 1, when 696 people reached the UK in 14 boats. Referring to the month of August, the Ministry of Defence confirmed that the number of crossings recorded so far for this month reaches up to 3618. In April, Home Secretary Priti Patel announced plans to send asylum seekers reaching the UK to Rwanda in the attempt to deter migrant crossings. Despite the plan, last month a Home Affairs Committee report found that the Rwanda scheme had not been effective. The report, for instance, said: “There is no clear evidence that the policy will deter migrant crossings - numbers have significantly increased since it was announced in April”. READ NEXT: Tories STILL want Boris to stay as PM rather than hand over reins Corbyn ally Mick Lynch sides with RUSSIA in blaming West for warPutin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims'You've entered the war' Putin puppet threatens EU with nuclear strikeUkraine LIVE: Horror as Putin tipped for SECOND European invasion