Ozzy Osbourne and Birmingham's own Black Sabbath frontman delighted fans as he returned to the city tonight to close the Commonwealth Games at the closing ceremony in spectacular fashion. The 73-year-old left fans distracted after the rock legend put on an energetic performance following his recent health scares. It comes after the musician recently recovered from a major operation back in June. Also, Ozzy announced he had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease two years ago. Ozzy, who is otherwise known as "The Prince of Darkness" joined guitarist Tony Iommi, drummer Tommy Clufetos and bassist Adam Wakeman to perform the heavy metal band's classic, Paranoid. The hitmaker took to the stage and performed in his signature eye-catching makeup at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham to mark the end of the 11-day sporting event. READ MORE: John Travolta pens tribute to 'dearest' Olivia Newton-John amid death Fans could not help but gush over Ozzy's sprightly appearance amid his recent health woes. Taking to Twitter, @SimonJenkins30 tweeted: "Wow. Ozzy at 73 with Parkinson’s and recovering from serious surgery sings and performs better than most others half his age. Brilliant." @MattLee remarked: "Great to see Ozzy looking and singing so well after recent health scares. Still holding onto those tickets for next years UK tour." @allen007 wrote: "Go on Ozzy! More stage presence than any modern day artist even at 73! #ozzyosbourne #CommonwealthGames2022." @OldManWinter jibed: "Fair play to Ozzy Osbourne. 73 years old with Parkinsons and he still is a better performer than most of those who performed tonight #CommonwealthGames2022 #ClosingCeremony." @willchadwick penned: "Reminder: Ozzy Osbourne has Parkinson’s. What a f*****g legend." Fans also praised The Prince of Darkness' show stopping performance as he rocked out in front of the jam-packed stadium @MrsWills wrote: "LEGEND!!!!!! this is such a surprise, amazing to see you having fun up there." DON'T MISS... Olivia Newton-John's daughter posts tribute to mum days before death[LATEST]Kevin Bacon unveils ageless appearance just days before sad loss[PICTURES]Naga Munchetty hits back as she's branded 'most annoying person on TV'[TWITTER] @GavHoward cheekily said: "Ozzy Osbourne looking like he’s Just risen from hell to close the games is probably best tv I’ve seen this year #CommonwealthGames2022." @Peter Todd added: "It's only bloody @OzzyOsbourne! If you're going to end a Birmingham #CommonwealthGames, you need to end it with the epic Ozzy Osbourne and the team!" It comes as the Black Sabbath star was released from hospital in June after he underwent surgery. Back in May, Ozzy spoke to Classic Rock Magazine about the fallout from his bike accident in 2003 - something the legend said he's still dealing with today. He recently opened up about his health woes and admitted he is on the mend. "It's great, it's great," he told ET. "I like to see people, you know. That's been the hardest thing of the past three years, because I've been trying to recover from my surgery. "I'm getting there. It's a slow climb back, you know?" Meanwhile, the Commonwealth Games closing ceremony celebrated the history, culture, and music of Birmingham and the West Midlands, in front of a live audience of over thirty thousand. Performances by a number of local artists preceded Black Sabbath, including Apache Indian, Beverley Knight, Dexys, Goldie, Jacob Banks, Jaykae, Jorja Smith, Laura Mvula, Ash, Mahalia, Musical Youth, Neelam Gill, Panjabi MC, Raza Hussain, Talulah-Eve, The Selecter and UB40.