Reducing a person's waist is a common weight loss goal, not only for appearance's sake but abdominal fat can be particularly harmful to their health, posing risks such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Losing this stubborn to shift fat can impact people's wellbeing "significantly", and to do this they must be in a calorie deficit. By ingesting fewer calories than it needs to, the body then looks for energy from its fat reserves therefore promoting fat burning. According to Healthline, a deficit of around 500 calories is "healthy, effective, and sustainable." Dieticians recommend cutting 500 calories a day from a person's typical diet, which could see them about a pound (0.5kg) per week. And an experiment conducted by doctor, presenter and journalist Saleyha Ahsan alongside the Trust Me, I’m a Doctor team found that diet is "the best way" to control belly fat. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Their study found that a group of volunteers managed to reduce their waist sizes by an average of one inch for every 4lb (1.81kg) they lost. Dr Ahsan documented the findings in a report: "So, if you lose 1lb (0.45kg) a week you could hope to reduce your waistline by an inch after four weeks." Portion control is an important part of a person's weight loss journey because it allows them to manage how many calories they are consuming, therefore preventing mindlessly overindulging. The more extra calories people consume, the more fat the body will store. DON'T MISS... Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Each volunteer in the study was encouraged to measure portions based on the size of their hands. According to precision nutrition, hand-size portions can help people track food choices, nutrients, and energy "simply and easily". They argue it saves time-consuming and often unnecessary weighing and measuring, which most people don't need. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Dr Ahsan advised that people aim for a daily intake of: Three fist-sized servings of carbs Two palm-sized servings of lean protein Two cupped handfuls of vegetables or salad Two fist-sized servings of fruit Two servings of fat or oil covering the tip of the thumb "You can also have 200ml of milk, or two 125g pots of natural or low-calorie yoghurt," she said. "Generally, you can eat your usual foods, so long as you reduce the portion size and avoid or limit sugary and high-fat foods, such as fast foods." She noted that while the speed of waist reduction varies from person to person, a calorie deficit will help regardless of other factors. Recalculating a person's calorie requirement is also crucial for sustained weight loss. Cutting the same amount of calories for a long period of time can lead to plateau, so it is important to work out the daily requirement and drop the calories again to continue losing 1lb (0.45kg) a week.