The cost of a pint in the capital has already risen by 16 percent since 2017 with higher energy costs, wages and issues in the supply chain leading businesses to pass on costs to punters. Research by pension provider Penfold also suggests a pint of milk could set consumers back 64p by 2025. Their research points to the price of a pint rising up to a possible £13.98 by 2025, while a cup of coffee would be averaging £4.44. Penfold co-founder Chris Eastwood said: "Rising prices are impacting people across the UK with almost every activity, commodity and service observing increased costs as shown from our research. "The reality is the heightened levels of inflation we are experiencing do not align with how quickly wages have risen.  "An increase of 15.35 percent has occurred in the last five years, yet overall costs of living have nearly tripled by 41.27 percent. "With the cost-of-living expected to continue increasing, it has become more important to budget for the future and set achievable pension goals. "Thankfully, there are plenty of resources to kickstart saving for your future such as using a Pension Calculator, which allows you to plan ahead, secure future financial stability, and find comfort in retirement." News of the cost of a pint soaring in London comes as comparison site Finder revealed where you can buy the cheapest pint in the UK.  READ MORE ABOUT LIZ TRUSS SLASHING DOWNING STREET STAFF NUMBERS The cheapest pint in the UK costs £3 and can be found in Derby and Inverness. This compares to the most expensive place in the UK for a pint. Punters in London can expect to pay £5.99 on average for a pint. Guildford is the second most expensive place at £5.75 on average for a pint while Sunderland is third at £5.10, according to personal finance and shopping deals website Finder. Finder’s Editor-in-Chief, Liz Edwards, commented on the results.  DON'T MISS: FSB breaks silence on car bomb that killed daughter of 'Putin's Brain' [LATEST] William warned as rift with Sussexes risks new royal crisis [REVEALED] Fury erupts as Meghan and Harry's summit tickets priced at £3,000 [REPORT] She said: "There’s no doubt pubs across the UK have been raising their prices to try and offset the rising prices they are having to pay and to help claw back revenue they lost during the long lockdowns. "A simple, money-saving solution would be to drink at pubs less and take advantage of the nice weather by having drinks outside in your garden. "Of course, we still want to go to the pub though, so another idea is to create specific savings 'buckets' or 'pots' through your banking or savings apps that can be allocated to socialising."  Meanwhile, an economist at US bank Citi said on Monday that British consumer price inflation is set to peak at 18.6 percent in January, more than nine times the Bank of England's two percent target. Benjamin Nabarro said in a note to clients: "The question now is what policy may do to offset the impact on both inflation and the real economy." Consumer price inflation was last above 18 percent in 1976.  The Bank of England announced a rare, half-percentage-point interest rate increase earlier this month. Investors expect another big move when the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee makes its next scheduled announcement on September 15. Mr Nabarro forecast retail price inflation, which is used to set the return on index-linked bonds, would peak at 21.4 percent. 