Sitting next to the window on a plane is one of the best parts of the journey for many travellers, but is there a reason why it’s there in the first place? According to experts, having windows on planes is pointless – but for one reason. In a thread on social question-and-answer website Quora, a user asked an interesting question about planes. They said: “Why are the windows in airplanes spaced differently than the seats?”(sic) This was debated by pilots and engineers, who all said the same thing: planes don’t need windows. They are there simply for the comfort of the passengers and do not add any benefit to the structure of the plane at all. READ MORE: Travellers should carry 'towel' on plane to 'save space and money' Software engineer and author Shaunak Bhattacharjeee said: “Aeroplanes are not designed by keeping the luxury or comfort of the passengers but their safety. “The main purpose of having windows inside an aircraft is simply not to make the passengers feel claustrophobic. “Otherwise, they serve no purpose but takes up more technology and money to construct them.” Shaunak shared images of a newly constructed aeroplane, demonstrating that the seats are at first missing from the interior. DON'T MISS: Flight attendant's packing hack to fit '14 days' worth of clothes' [INSIGHT]Flight attendant warns passengers against using part of their seat [COMMENT]Spain runs out of summer essential amid extreme heatwave  [REPORT] He continued: “Now when the seats are placed, aligning them with the windows is the least priority. “The airlines’ companies are here to run a business, make profits and not to give the passengers a promising view of the outside. “So, the rows of seats are placed as tightly as they can be to ensure maximum seating capacity, keeping a bare minimum leg space. “This is why, sometimes or in fact, most of the times unless you are very lucky, your seat will not align with the window. “One will be slightly in front of you and one will be a little behind. Or if very unlucky, a window seat might even come without a window.” Shaunak went on to say that “the main reason the windows are kept is so that the passengers feel a little relaxed and not fear by realising the fact that they are flying in an aluminium tube at 700 kilometres per hour, 10 kilometres above ground”. Mark Benton, a captain at United Airlines, agreed that the aeroplane is built first and the seats put in later. “Depending on the personal desires of a particular airlines, the seats might not line up with the windows,” he said. “Some aircraft of the same type might have a first class section, a business section, and economy class and then a regular economy section. “Another aircraft of the same type might only have a business class and an economy class. “Due to this seating arrangement, chosen by the particular airline, the seats might not line up with the windows, which can be a bit annoying.” Another Quora user, Hu Shenru, added: “The next time you get on a plane, look under the seat! You would notice that all the seat sits on rails, so that when a airline want to switch seats, they just slide it off. “The airline deals with the seats while the manufacture deals with the windows. So, they might not line up well.”