  Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright) was heartbroken to see Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) move on with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) but the EastEnders resident may finally move forward when her divorce is finalised in upcoming episodes. However, could the recovering alcoholic end up embarking on a romance that could ruin the already fractured relationship she has with her children?      In next week’s episodes, the day of Linda’s court hearing arrives. Zack comforts the worried mother as she opens up about her divorce being finalised. Will Zack become the figure in her life who will provide support now Mick is with Janine? Felix Baker (Matthew Morrison) and Finlay Baker (Ashley Byam) interrupt the pair but are disappointed by what Linda has to say. The brothers declare they’ve arrived to prepare for their Carnival-themed party. Read more: Strictly 'backlash' as Giovanni Pernice rumoured for same-sex pairing     However, Felix and Finlay are crushed when Linda admits that she won’t be able to make the party. Meanwhile, Janine discusses Linda’s impending trial with Mick. He reveals he plans to visit his ex-wife if she receives a prison sentence. Janine is furious and turns to a reluctant Jada Lennox (Kelsey Calladine-Smith) for help. The scheming barmaid gives the young mum money and blackmails her into bringing down Linda.      Back in the Queen Vic, Linda says an emotional goodbye to her children Ollie and Annie. Mick stands by her side as the former couple set off to the hearing. On the stand, Linda gives an impassioned speech about her mistakes. The judge sympathises with the mum and decides against handing her a prison sentence. Later, Janine is seething when Mick and Linda walk back into The Vic. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Honey Mitchell's new love interest unveiled [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Linda Carter reunites with Mick as Janine exposed [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Double exit as Stuart flees after killing neighbour [SPOILER]    As the Carnival Party kicks off, Linda enjoys the festivities until Zack arrives with news. Will the ex-boyfriend of Linda’s daughter admit he has feelings for her? The pair have grown close in recent weeks as Linda tries to put right her wrongs. Elsewhere, a guilty Jada panics and tells Janine they went too far.      However, the scheming stalwart doesn’t want to hear it and continues to blackmail the young mum. EastEnders fans will know Janine will stop at nothing to keep Mick by her side. Whatever she has planned for Linda, fans will be under no illusion Janine’s plan will have serious repercussions. Will Zack and Linda realise they have feelings for each other as he supports her through this difficult time? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.   