With the UK experiencing hot weather, households will inevitably see more ants and fruit flies. They become more active in the summer months as they mate and start to build a nest. Unfortunately for many, this means they are likely to experience a home invasion during the summer. Adam Jason, co-founder of pest control experts, Merlin Environmental, told Express.co.uk: “Ants enter our homes for three main reasons. “Warmth. In late spring and early summer, it still gets cold overnight. “Our houses provide the shelter they need. READ MORE: Five kitchen items you ‘need’ to give your space the ‘wow factor’ “Water. Like every other creature, ants need water to survive. “That’s why you will often find ants in downstairs bathrooms, or under the kitchen sink. “Food. We have a lot of food in our homes, and we’re not always particular about storing it.” If you keep your bins open or don’t clear plates away, the expert said you are inviting ants inside. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares how to prune rambling and shrub roses now [EXPLAINER]Six interior hacks to make any room feel ‘bigger and brighter’ [COMMENT]How to dissolve grease and grime on oven racks for £2 [INSIGHT] However, it is also more than that. Packets which aren’t properly sealed in the cupboards, or fruit bowls on the side are all “banquets” for an ant. The pest control expert added: “So, if you have an ant infestation, how do you get rid of it? “The first step is always to remove any open food packets, seal all food into airtight containers, and wipe down all surfaces, including the inside of your fridge. READ MORE: Cleaning expert warns against wooden spoon cleaning hack “Then you can take one of a number of actions. "If you’ve only seen a few ants, natural remedies, such as cleaning surfaces with white vinegar, can help. “For larger infestations, a professional exterminator should be your main port of call.” Fruit flies have the potential to be a problem all year round. However, being attracted to ripening or fermenting fruits, the expert said summer is their “prime time”. He explained: “They can be deeply annoying to live with, so how can you avoid them? “Well, the best way to avoid fruit flies is to cut your waste. “If you only buy what you know you’re definitely going to eat/use, you’ll not only ensure that you have nothing to attract fruit flies into your home, but also save yourself some money. In a business environment, this is obviously harder to manage. “Emptying your bins at least daily, and washing produce when it enters your kitchen, can help to stop fruit flies taking hold. "If you already have fruit flies, leaving a mixture of apple cider vinegar and liquid soap in a dish on the side will attract and trap fruit flies. “If it’s a serious problem, then you’ll need to contact your local pest control."