Ajax boss Alfred Schreuder has provided an update on Antony amid claims Manchester United are close to signing the 22-year-old for a huge £85million. It's been claimed on Sunday that the player has 'gone', with the Dutch giants set to receive a huge fee. And it appears the Brazil international is looking more and more likely to move to the Premier League before Thursday's transfer deadline. Manchester United have signed four players this summer, with Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro all moving to Old Trafford. And they’re hopeful Antony will now follow suit, with claims emerging an £85m deal is already done. Such a fee would make the Brazil international the second most-expensive signing in the Red Devils’ entire history, with only Paul Pogba joining for a higher fee. And Schreuder has now been asked about those rumours after his side’s 2-0 win over Utrecht. Antony wasn’t involved in that fixture, with the 22-year-old currently on strike as he looks to secure the transfer he craves. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers And when directly asked if a deal had been wrapped up, he said via @TheEuropeanLad: "I would make it a €100M deal then.. but you have to be at Edwin van der Sar or Hamstra for this." While he kept his cards close to his chest, however, he did appear to take aim at Ajax by suggesting he’d be unhappy if Antony was sold behind his back. "Nowadays, everything is about money,” added the 49-year-old. “I find this sad. “But this is our world, it's very sad and I don't approve that these things are happening at us." DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Ajax have previously insisted they don’t want to lose Antony. But with the forward refusing to train or feature for the Eredivisie giants, it looks more and more likely they’ll end up parting ways with their No 11. Antony would become the fourth player to leave Ajax for United over the past decade, too, which may explain his side’s reluctance to cash in. Daley Blind and Donny van de Beek swapped Amsterdam for Manchester back in the summer transfer windows of 2014 and 2020 respectively. And, earlier this summer, the Red Devils were able to acquire Lisandro Martinez - who opted to turn down Arsenal in favour of moving to Old Trafford. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Schreuder was also asked about Antony after his side’s win in a post-match press conference as well. When quizzed on whether he stuck to his words that the Samba star wouldn’t be leaving, he said "I stick to those words." And when asked if he’d been updated, he added: "I want to talk about the game, not about Antony. “I have said more than enough about this." Antony went public with his desire to join United earlier in the week in an interview with Fabrizio Romano. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face new challenge and that some interested clubs would arrive and with them, certainly a great offer,” he said. “During the window months, meetings continued and I also received a proposal from Ajax for contract renewal. I made it clear once again: I want to leave. “I was very happy in Amsterdam, I won titles at Ajax, made friends and built part of my career, but now I reinforce that I am ready and full of motivation to follow my story and my dreams. “People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. “I need this to continue performing at a high level. Ajax will always be in my heart.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here