The Full Sturgeon Supermoon in Aquarius takes place in the early hours of this morning, beckoning a period of transformation for the new lunar transit. As inspiring and bold as this Moon might be, it can unearth some uneasy revelations. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 12. Author and Moon mentor Kirsty Gallagher said: “In the same way as the triple conjunction did, the energy around this Full Moon may feel uncomfortable, heavy, chaotic, confusing and there may be some big emotions coming to the surface.” While working with the triple conjunction and the Saturn-Uranus square energies, the Full Moon might initially make things seem worse than they really are. However, as one of the more forward-facing and independent signs of the zodiac, expect Aquarius-inspired progressive thoughts and a fresh perspective to help dismantle any negativity. As the day draws on, different planet alignments might make certain situations feel more intense.  READ MORE: Horoscopes: Your weekly predictions from Russell Grant  Cafe Astrology said: “While we’re generally more objective with an Aquarius Moon, the Moon’s square to Mars this morning fires up our feelings and stirs up our need for action, activity, and challenges.” Sharing its name with the Roman god of war, the fighter planet Mars represents a strong will and an even sharper focus. Astrology King said: “A Moon square Mars transit gives an insatiable need to meet your passionate desires. “But dynamism and a fighting spirit to succeed can make you short-tempered.  “A subconscious urge to act impulsively brings danger from risk-taking. Extra care is required to avoid being hurt or causing harm.” You might feel more observant than usual when Venus forms a quintile to Uranus. Cafe Astrology said: “We’re noticing and appreciating the more unique elements of people, situations, and projects today.” The Pisces Moon will arrive at 7.46pm BST, which might be a shock to the system after the less emotional Aquarius transit.  DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle has ‘fans and haters’ for unusual reason astrologer says [ANALYSIS]‘Remove’ these four items from your home to make rooms ‘feel larger’ [EXPLAINED]August 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [INSIGHT]    Astrology TV said: “When the Moon transits Pisces, we all get to feel some of that emotional overwhelm. “These are the most sensitive days of the monthly cycle, but also some of the most ethereal and mysterious, almost magical at times.” A Pisces Moon exudes all of the typical energies the emotional zodiac sign pertains to; sensitivity, compassion, generosity, and wisdom.  However, it’s also one of the least confrontational signs of the zodiac, so you might find it hard to face up to things, especially if it makes you uncomfortable, during this period. Cafe Astrology said: “We might avoid confrontations or challenging situations with this Moon transit.” The void Moon occurs from 12:08pm with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs, a square to Mars. 