Two lanes have been closed on the A282 southbound, which forms part of the M25. This comes as a result of a serious collision involving multiple vehicles. The Dartford Crossing over the River Thames will be seeing delays of up to 50 minutes as a result.  Traffic Officers are in attendance, according to National Highways. The severe traffic comes at a devastating time for commuters who use the crossing to get to work.  According to BBC Radio Sussex, the lanes are closed from J31 A1306, to J1A A206 (Dartford). Congestion is reportedly reaching almost to J29 to Romford and Basildon, while routes around Lakeside are also said to be busy. National Highways East tweeted out at 7.24am: "There are currently 2 (of 4) lanes closed on the A282 southbound Dartford Crossing. "QE11Bridge due to a multi-vehicle collision. Traffic Officers are in attendance.  "There are 50 minute delays on approach, please allow extra time and have a safe journey." It is not yet known if there are any injuries. Express.co.uk has contacted National Highways and Essex Police for more information.  The incident comes amid a day of chaos for the M25. Three of four lanes are closed clockwise between J18 for Rickmansworth and J19 for Watford, after a lorry caught fire on the road, with emergency services rushing to put it out. Meanwhile, one lane is closed anticlockwise on the M25 between J6 Godstone and Clacket Lane Services, after a crash involving a number of cars, with one car overturned. Hertfordshire Police and Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service are in attendance at the lorry that caught fire, which is causing 25 minutes delay on approach. Motorists have been urged by National Highways to take care as they approach and allow extra time, while the police suggested avoiding the area altogether. One driver with @IamGassManwrote on Twitter: "I just saw a whole truck completely on fire on my way to Heathrow. "The driver just about managed to slow down and stop. I hope he managed to get out safely. "You don't see this often in real life. I was a bit shaken." 