Thomas Frank has admitted Brentford targeted Lisandro Martinez and Luke Shaw in the Bees' emphatic 4-0 win over Manchester United on Saturday. Four first-half goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo saw Frank's side stun Erik ten Hag's men and inflict yet further humiliation on the Red Devils. The Bees raced into an early lead after David De Gea allowed a speculative long-range strike from Dasilva to slip through his fingers. Just eight minutes later, things went from bad to worse for Ten Hag's side as Jensen pressed to capitalise on United's lacklustre attempts to play out from the back, before slotting home. Following the stunning 4-0 success, Frank was questioned over his tactics by James Redknapp on Sky Sports, who highlighted how the Dane's side appeared to be targeting Shaw and Martinez down United's left. Frank then confirmed the tactical ploy to exploit United's lack of height in that area while admitting his side drew inspiration from Brighton's success in their 2-1 triumph over the Red Devils last week. Redknapp said: "In the first half we looked at your tactics and 50 per cent of your attacks were down the right hand side, which is obviously the side of Shaw and Martinez. Is that an aspect of the game you looked at? With no disrespect to him [Martinez], he's 5ft 9 and he's a centre-back, is that an area you knew you could get success?" In reply, Frank admitted: "We knew that more likely we would either win it or have the second ball around it. We looked at their team and also looked at what Brighton did against them." In a desperate attempt to stop the rot, Ten Hag hauled both Shaw and Martinez at the half-time interval, alongside midfielder Fred. The trio were replaced by Raphael Varane, Tyrell Malacia and Scott McTominay. While the three substitutes helped ensure United didn't ship any further goals, by then the damage had been done. Ten Hag's side fell to yet another embarrassing defeat which leaves them rooted to the base of the Premier League table, with no points or goals scored, after just two games played.