It was the young royal’s first public outing without her brothers Prince George and Prince Louis. However, the seven-year-old Princess took the outing in her stride and appeared to enjoy the spotlight.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge guided the Princess during her day out as they watched swimming, hockey and gymnastics in Birmingham. Nobody was prouder of the Princess than the Duke who was seen offering her reassurances alongside the Duchess. There were several moments when the Duke offered his daughter support by showering her with affection. At one point he tucked Charlotte’s hair behind her ears.  The Duke also tried to boost Charlotte’s spirit when she appeared to be a little bored and restless when watching the hockey. These adorable heartwarming gestures delighted royal fans who were left gushing by the special bond between father and daughter. One wrote on Twitter: "I did notice that Charlotte is very fond of William and vice versa. She was very engaged with him and snuggling up to him. They have a good bond as father and daughter." Another added: "Prince William and Princess Charlotte are so cute!" READ MORE: Meghan wedding struggle 'after rude' to aide  A third added: "Sweetheart Charlotte loves her papa William." While another commented: "These pictures of Prince William and Princess Charlotte warm my heart." The Princess made a range of expressions during her day out including sticking her tongue out. Tim Lawler, chief executive of SportsAid, described the Princess as “charming” after he met her during a royal visit to Birmingham University. DON'T MISS: Queen shares hilarious reaction to Kate and Prince William's renovated [REVEAL] Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle tipped to launch new initiative to mark 41st birthday [SPOTLIGHT]  During the visit the Cambridges learnt about the team England Futures initiative. The Princess appeared curious about her surroundings and the people around her during the visit to the university site. However, she also appeared to be a little apprehensive at times. The Duke responded by offering a reassuring arm around her shoulder and offered encouraging words. Kate also held the Charlotte’s hand at various points during the visit. 