Newcastle director Amanda Staveley has been spotted at Stamford Bridge for Chelsea's match with Newcastle as the Magpies continue chasing three Blues players in the transfer market. Newcastle came into the summer transfer window with high expectations on spending big money to try and climb up the table. It's the first summer transfer window since the takeover by the Saudi Arabian-led Public Investment Fund. Little under £100million was spent in the January window as Bruno Guimaraes, Chris Wood, Dan Burn and Kieran Trippier all joined Newcastle's revolution. But deals in the summer transfer window have been harder to come by for Newcastle with just three new signings made. Sven Botman, Matt Targett and Nick Pope are the only players through the door at St James' Park this summer despite strong links with big-money moves for the likes of Darwin Nunez, Josko Gvardiol and Kalvin Phillips among several others. With just two weeks left of the transfer window, Newcastle are running out of time to fulfil Eddie Howe's transfer wishes. And it appears as though Newcastle's board are going to try and test Chelsea's resolve with a bid for Conor Gallagher.  It's been claimed the midfielder is Newcastle's No 1 transfer target and the club are looking to make a bid worth £40million. Both Callum Hudson-Odoi and Armando Broja have also been linked with moves to St James' Park. And Staveley was spotted in the stands at Stamford Bridge with Chronicle Live claiming she 'spoke with Chelsea co-owner Behdad Eghbali'. The Newcastle co-chairman played a big role in deals for Botman and Targett earlier this summer and could be about to repeat that tactic in moves for three Chelsea players. Gallagher remains on the periphery of Thomas Tuchel's squad having started on the bench for both of Chelsea's opening two league games. Hudson-Odoi was left out of the matchday squad altogether last week against Everton, but was named among the substitutes against Tottenham.  Tuchel has laid down a challenge to both Gallagher and Hudson-Odoi to earn more minutes at Chelsea this season. On Hudson-Odoi, Tuchel said: "His potential is huge. I think having Raheem in can give him an extra boost to step up and see what's needed in these kinds of positions to reach the levels he can honestly reach. But at the moment, he is our player and he needs to fight, fight, fight. I have nothing more to say." Meanwhile, the Chelsea boss acknowledged Gallagher faces a difficult task in ousting the likes of Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic and N'Golo Kante. "There's a huge competition with N'Golo, Jorgi and Kova, who are used to playing with each other. This is also life in a big club like Chelsea, so everything is in its right place," Tuchel said. "We are happy with him. He keeps on fighting and this is what he does. I think he has everything to become a very important player in the next years at Chelsea."