Emmerdale bosses have hinted Amelia Spencer (played by Daisy Campbell) will play a very "big part" in the ITV soap's 50th-anniversary episodes which are due to air in October. A ferocious storm is set to rip through the Yorkshire Dales which could put Amelia and her unborn child in jeopardy. Will the character be forced to give birth in the wreckage of the storm?  Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media at an Emmerdale press event, the soap's producer Jane Hudson said: "Amelia is due soon, whether or not she has the baby during the 50th anniversary month, we are obviously not going to say." However, Jane revealed: "But Amelia does play a very big part in the storm when she needs to be found because she is stuck on her own. "She does play a very big part, but you will just have to wait." Could the heavily pregnant teenager go into labour during the disaster? READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets Perhaps she will be trapped under debris from the storm and forced to give birth to her baby as she waits to be rescued. Jane added: “It’s a storm so it would be crazy if nobody was injured. It’s not a storm in a teacup, it’s a storm in our village.” Will Amelia get seriously injured by the vicious storm or will medics not arrive in time to save her after giving birth? The identity of the baby's father could finally be revealed and he might have to raise the child alone following Amelia's tragic death.  The 50th-anniversary storm, which is "very much a windstorm rather than a rainstorm" is set to air across three or four Emmerdale episodes. Addressing the storylines which are part of the soap's milestone anniversary, Jane added: "Nothing has just been shoehorned in, all the stories have been driven by the characters and they all have an impact. "It involves so many of our families, it is not just a storm which affects some people, it affects the entire village." She teased: "There is one element which nobody has done and no other soap could do it apart from Emmerdale [due to] where we are, that is a hint for you all." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Vanessa Woodfield star announces exciting baby news [LATEST]Emmerdale bosses confirm three well-loved characters are returning [EXCLUSIVE]Marlon Dingle star on ‘intense’ pressure of filming Emmerdale wedding [EXCLUSIVE] Jane ruled out the possibility of filming a live episode during the anniversary month. She explained: "There's a reason viewers like us doing a live episode and that's because they are looking for something to go wrong. "The problem with live episodes is you are really constricted in the stories we can tell and we know that one of the things viewers love is the stunts we pull out the bag, and you can't do that in a live episode." The last time a devastating storm struck Emmerdale was on New Year's Eve in 2003.  The disaster caused great damage to the village and took the life of Tricia Dingle (Sheree Murphy) after a lightning bolt struck an oak tree which came crashing down towards her. Another bolt hit the Woolpack's chimney and a huge part of the pub's wall crushed her. Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) tried desperately to move the rubble off of her, but she later died in hospital in heartbreaking scenes. Emmerdale airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, at 8pm on ITV.