 Royal biographer Tom Bower, who recently published his book Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, criticised Meghan for “playing the royal card the whole time” despite leaving her role as a senior working royal. He claimed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are “burning out their royal status pretty fast now” and will eventually have to “give that up” due to overuse. Mr Bower told Palace Confidential host Jo Elvin: “It’s not only a problem for Harry but it is also for Meghan because when she phoned up the two senators to campaign for women’s maternity pay, she said ‘Hello, this is Meghan the Duchess of Sussex’. READ MORE: Meghan told to 'realign image' after 'using royal card all the time' “I mean, she plays the royal card the whole time so I don’t think that will play well during an election for Congress or even the Senate. “So, I think they have to realign their image. I think in any case they are burning out their royal status pretty fast now. “I think in the end they will have to give that up because it won’t wash.” Mr Bower is referring to an incident at the end of last year whereby Meghan was seeking to campaign for paid family leave and called Republican senators. When asked if the couple could create a self-standing celebrity brand, Mr Bower claims Harry and Meghan are both exploiting their status to stay on the public radar, He said: “They can only do so by being sensational and by doing something.” “They are constantly searching for new things to do. But it always comes back to the royals. Whether it is flying back for the Jubilee so they might be photographed with the Queen – that went wrong. “Or, alternatively, it is dumping on the Royal Family in Harry's forthcoming book. But eventually, it is going to be a damp squib.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [LATEST]Meghan and Harry silent online on Archewell for FOUR months [REPORT]Meghan's estranged dad Thomas makes first appearance since stroke [VIDEO]  Harry and Meghan stepped back from their roles in the Royal Family two years ago to become financially independent and pursue other projects. In January 2020, the couple issued a statement outlining their intention to “transition” to a “progressive new role” within the Firm. The couple relocated to the US in March 2020 and they now live in Montecito, California, where they are raising their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. So what do YOU think? Should Harry and Meghan stop using their royal status? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.