  Claudia Winkleman, 50, shared her thoughts on today’s youth becoming obsessed with skincare in an exclusive chat with Express.co.uk. While skincare routines are becoming more and more glamorised to young people on social media, the Strictly Come Dancing star has stressed that it’s not something children need to worry about yet.      Claudia recently teamed up with her co-star Tess Daly, 53, to promote Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan. The futuristic new diagnostic service aims to give customers accurate skincare and cosmetic recommendations based on a super close-up scan of their skin. During the interview, Claudia was asked about whether she felt there was more pressure on people to look a certain way in the age of social media. “I definitely don’t feel that,” Claudia began. “I feel like I could absolutely crumple at this stage, but I don’t feel pressure. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury     “I mean, I’d like my hair to be shiny, but we know that there is one company that deals with that,” she teased. “So I think that’s my job.” The star was then asked if she thinks skincare is something young people should have to worry about now. “Oh I absolutely don’t!” Claudia exclaimed. “They should think about chewing bubble gum and Harry Styles.”       The Strictly host also discussed her own child’s attitude towards make-up, which also has a huge presence on social media. “You know, my daughter’s 15,” she reflected. “And I feel quite strongly that - well she’s not really interested in wearing make-up or anything like that. “She did go through that phase,” Claudia added. READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS]Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST]'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE]     “I hope that the younger, little people coming through don’t feel any pressure to look a certain way.” Claudia lives with her husband Kris Thykier, whom she married in 2000, and the pair are generally quite private about their home life. The couple share teenaged sons Jake and Arthur as well as daughter Matilda. Speaking about the slick new scanning process at Boots UK, Claudia shared her thoughts on her own skin scan results.     “I thought it was gonna hurt and it didn't - and it was really quick,” she revealed excitedly. “And bearing in mind I've got like minus 15 eyesight, I've never seen anything that close up in my life. “They said I needed moisturiser, but they were quite pleased with me! I got lots of greens, which I remember being pleased about.” Claudia Winkleman is partnering with No7 to celebrate the launch of Pro Derm Scan, an in-store personalised consultation service with a No7 Beauty Advisor to help you see and understand your skin. Available now in selected Boots stores.   