Research by the mortgage experts money.co.uk analysed the average house price, median annual pay, download speed and restaurant prices, and revealed the most affordable rural town to relocate to is County Durham. County Durham, where the average property price is just £122,818, is the cheapest rural spot to move to. Durham city is a beautiful and tranquil spot, known for its cathedral, as well as a castle and one of the country’s oldest universities. On Tripadvisor, user Jessie said Durham is a beautiful city with a "stunning cathedral". Verity agreed: "Went to Durham a few times. Explored lots of things all the way up to the Durham Cathedral. A very beautiful and lively place to go!" READ MORE: How to stop your kitchen sink smelling & remove thick gunk from drain  Traveller Ian_Kerr2014 recommended climbing the steps to the tower's top to enjoy the "breathtaking views" of the city. Another one, Sam_Rickelton, who recently visited Durham explained: "Blown away with how much there is to do here. Magnificent castle, beautiful gardens, deer park, adventure playground and more." In second place is Copeland, on the west coast of Cumbria, with an average house price of £140,165. The picturesque area covers the southwestern part of the Lake District and is home to England’s highest mountain, Scafell Pike.  1. County Durham 2. Copeland 3. Wyre 4. Allerdale 5. Northumberland 6. Bassetlaw 7. West Lindsey 8. Staffordshire Moorlands 9. East Riding of Yorkshire 10. East Lindsey READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb The study also revealed the best rural town is Maldon, in Essex, with a relocation score of 7.33. Maldon has the driest climate on this list with just 658mm of annual rainfall. The town also boasts excellent air quality with only 4.1 tonnes of CO2 emissions per capita each year. In second place is the rural market town of Sleaford, located in North Kesteven, in Lincolnshire. 1. Maldon 2. Sleaford 3. Cambourne 4. Ely 5. Dunstable 6. Huntingdon 7. Farnham 8. Braintree 9. Wisbech 10. Sittingbourne