Tesco Clubcards are held by millions of people as a loyalty card which the supermarket states provides Britons with “the power to get the very best value”. Those who hold a Clubcard will earn one point for each pound they spend at Tesco. From there, every point becomes worth a penny in vouchers which individuals will receive every three months. Points can be turned into vouchers which can be spent in numerous ways - Britons can cut the cost of their groceries or fuel, or exchange them to use on days out, eating out and more. Understandably, the scheme remains popular as a method of rewarding Britons for regularly shopping with the provider. However, some Tesco Clubcard vouchers are soon set to expire, and individuals will need to act to avoid missing out. READ MORE: State pensioners set for ‘rollercoaster ride’ as inflation soars Clubcard vouchers are only valid for two years, and as they are issued every three months, there is an important deadline looming. With Clubcard vouchers issued in February, May, August and November, the August deadline is fast approaching. Any vouchers received in August 2020 will soon be set to expire, and they cannot be used after their final date. It means for those received in August 2020, the deadline to use them is Wednesday, August 31, 2022. DON'T MISSBritons furious as energy price cap will change every three months [LATEST]Money saving tips: Britons could save thousands with summer budget [UPDATE]Woman, 43, fears rising mortgage rate and ‘crippling' exit fees [ANALYSIS] Older vouchers could have been lost over time, so it will be vital for people to take action to search these out or lose their value forever. Once the vouchers have been found by individuals, they can make use of them online using the code provided. Alternatively, some Britons will choose to make use of their vouchers in person at a Tesco supermarket. If doing this, they can print out the vouchers, or use the barcode which is available through the app once they reach the checkout. READ MORE: Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts To find out if a person has vouchers which are due to expire, they could sign into their My Clubcard Account. If they select ‘My Vouchers’ they will find a list of all their vouchers laid out in full. Recently, a Tesco worker took to TikTok to provide a “lesser known” hack Britons could use when it comes to their Clubcard. In the clip, Gracie Jayne said: “I was scanning all of these Clubcard vouchers and I remembered not a lot of people know you can actually get three times as much money back to spend on hotels.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She explained Britons can get up to three times the value of their vouchers using Tesco’s Reward Partners. The partners include popular companies and groups such as Disney+, English Heritage, Royal Caribbean, Pizza Express and more. The Tesco worker added she used Hotels.com the most in order to book hostels as it gives her £15 off with a £5 Clubcard voucher.