The iconic Western filmmaker John Ford died 49 years ago today after a battle with stomach cancer at the age of 78. The director of John Wayne classics such as The Searchers and Stagecoach saw his health deteriorating terribly in the early 1970s. After breaking a hip, Ford had to get used to a wheelchair and was moved from his Bel Air home to Palm Desert to be treated for cancer. In October 1972, the Screen Directors Guild paid tribute to him and in March the following year, the American Film Institute honoured the director with a Lifetime Achievement Award. If that wasn’t enough, President Richard Nixon promoted the World War II veteran to full Admiral and presented him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Upon news of his death on August 31, long-term collaborator John Wayne admitted to journalists: “I’m living on borrowed time.” Wayne knew this only too well at the age of 65 when shooting 1973’s Cahill: US Marshall. Duke suffered from emphysema on his single remaining lung and being significantly weakened, was forced to use a stepladder to climb onto his horse in the movie. As for riding shots from a distance, Wayne’s Cahill was doubled by Chuck Roberson. Sadly the star ended up dying of stomach cancer himself in 1979, but continued to speak highly of Ford in his final years. READ MORE: John Wayne shocked by Maureen O'Hara's improvised The Quiet Man line Wayne told Roger Ebert in 1976: “Up until the very last years of his life ... Pappy could have directed another picture, and a damned good one. But they said Pappy was too old. Hell, he was never too old. In Hollywood these days, they don't stand behind a fella. They'd rather make a goddamned legend out of him and be done with him.” DON'T MISSClint Eastwood and Harrison Ford missed out on huge action franchise [CLINT EASTWOOD]Fort Apache: Generous John Wayne helped John Agar after John Ford feud [FORT APACHE]John Wayne 'furious' on 'miserable' The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance [JOHN WAYNE] Ford was truly a complex character. Brilliant and eccentric, he would chew through the corners of a dozen handkerchiefs while smoking a pipe each day. For all his talents he was also known for having a furious temper and would bait his actors to get better performances out of them. On set, he also discouraged chatting and bad language in front of women and insisted on an Earl Grey tea break each afternoon.