Caring for someone often means people can’t work as many hours and therefore take home less money. Yet there is financial support available from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help with the cost of living. Carers save the UK economy more than £530million every day according to Carers UK. Figures suggest some 500,000 people aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance because they aren’t aware they are eligible for this financial assistance. Even if it affects a claimant’s entitlement to other state benefits, claiming Carer’s Allowance should leave people better off. Not only could Carer’s Allowance be worth an extra £278 a month, but it also acts as a gateway benefit to further financial help. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How much money can you give to grandchildren?  Many carers are struggling to survive as they are some of the lowest paid workers often taking home the minimum wage. Carer’s may also get Universal Credit payments and help with housing payments, council tax bills and money off their water bill. On top of this they are also entitled to many discounts that are available to NHS workers. These further discounts for carers could help people save more than £2,000 over the course of a year. DON'T MISS:Nationwide issues warning as Briton targeted for £18k in scam [WARNING]New triple lock threat as State Pension to hit £209 a week [ALERT]Press a button on your boiler to instantly save on energy bills [INSIGHT]Money making tips: Millionaire shares how he retired early at 35 [UPDATE] How does carers allowance affect other benefits? On the Government website it states: “When you claim Carer’s Allowance your other benefit payments may change, but your total benefit payments will usually either go up or stay the same. “Carer’s Allowance does not count towards the benefit cap. “If you get Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit, you must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about your Carer’s Allowance claim. “If you get Pension Credit, your payments will increase if you’re eligible for Carer’s Allowance.’ READ MORE: ‘Achilles heel’ Middle earners ‘burning through savings’ People must care for someone for at least 35 hours a week before putting in a claim. They must also be aged 16 or over and not in full time education. Britons can only claim Carer’s Allowance for one person - if the person they are caring for is also on means-tested benefits. They do not have to be related to, or live with, the person they care for. Website Discountforcarers.com offers carers money off car insurance, mobile phones, days out and travel. Other benefits and freebies carers could qualify for include: