Kate Moss, 48, has spoken about her experience appearing on the front cover of Playboy magazine for the January 2014 issue. The model said she admired the way Hugh Hefner and his models lived, going on to say she enjoyed the atmosphere of being in the Playboy Mansion. She described the feel of the infamous multimillion dollar property as "playful" rather than “seedy”. Kate explained the outfit she wore for her cover shoot was gifted to her afterwards. Speaking to British Vogue about her most iconic looks over the years, she said: “Playboy! I mean… Kind of had to do it. “I met Hugh Hefner, one of his bunnies took me round the house and gave me a tour and stuff. I met his secretary who’d been with him for 70 years. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life “They’re just a really lovely institution, family vibes. I really liked it. “There was nothing seedy or gross about it, it was kind of really playful.” The model had appeared in her Playboy debut for the magazine’s 60th anniversary. Kate was dressed in the classic bunny outfit with Saint Laurent Paris Escarpin heels. The September issue of British Vogue is available now. The meeting at Holmby Hills occurred shortly before Kate’s 40th birthday. Elsewhere in her interview with Vogue, Kate spoke about her relationship with ex-boyfriend Johnny Depp. The star revealed some juicy details about a diamond necklace he gifted her when they first met. She said that the actor had hidden the necklace “up his bum” and asked her to retrieve them. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [OPINION] Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICS] Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [BBC] Kate said Johnny asked her to put her hand down the back of his trousers to find the gift - which were the first diamonds she ever owned. The pair first met in New York when she was 20 and the actor was 31. Since then, Kate has gone on to date a variety of famous faces after being with Johnny from 1994 to 1998. She began dating Pete Doherty of The Libertines in 2005 before briefly being engaged in 2007 and then splitting that same year. Kate married Jamie Since, guitarist of The Kills, in 2011, before splitting in 2015. The model now seems comfortable and settled as she has since been in a relationship with German photographer Count Nikolai Von Bismarck as of 2016. The September issue of British Vogue is available now.