Holidaying is not cheap, so why not make the most of freebies when you can? Former British Airways flight attendant Sam spoke to Express.co.uk about how passengers can snag free items. With the cost of living dramatically increasing, Britons want to save wherever they can, and this includes travel. Sam told Express.co.uk readers how they can save money and maximise enjoyment on their flights with an easy tip. Planes are filled with goodies that are there for the taking, according to the insider. Sam said: "Need a toothbrush after a long flight? Forgot a pair of socks to keep you warm? Can’t sleep because of all the noise or light? READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'avoid' 2 types of trousers to get free upgrade  "Flight attendants have a bag full of toothbrushes and toothpaste, socks, eye masks and earbuds that you can ask for." These items are not up for purchase and are actually "free of charge". Stocking up on these staple items can save a lot of money in the long run. If a passenger plays their cards right, they may never have to pay for toothpaste or eye masks again. And items such as these are not the only freebies passengers can access inflight. However, this tip may only be for holidaymakers venturing seven-plus hours away. Sam continued: "On long-haul flights (BA and most carriers) you don’t pay for any refreshments onboard. "Feel free to ask for an extra coke, wine, or bag of pretzels whenever you fancy." READ MORE: Flight attendant shares one thing you must never do on a plane  These extra snacks may come in handy on particularly long flights, or en route from the airport to your hotel. Speaking of snacks and refreshments, Sam advised that there is one drink to stay absolutely clear of. She warned Express.co.uk readers to "avoid drinking the tap water!" She explained: "The water tanks are not cleaned enough (if ever) - there’s a reason we serve bottled water. "If you have a bottle that you want filling, just ask the flight attendant." When it comes to getting your food on a plane, what you order and where you sit are key. Sam said: "If you pre-order a meal for dietary requirements, you’ll be served first. There is always one meat and one veggie option anyway, but if you pre-order a vegetarian you’ll get served before everyone else. The pasta dishes are always the tastiest. "Food is usually served from the front of the cabin to the back. On particularly busy flights food might be served from one trolley at the top and another trolley at the back. "So, something to bear in mind when choosing your seats – top of the cabin is usually best for first service."