When you own a famous backyard like Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree, there are a variety of problems to contend with. They may include incredibly hot weather and a variety of pests but, in a new video clip, Dick hilariously explained how he deals with one of the biggest nuisances to his flowers in the garden, his children. The Channel 4 stars treated fans to a special tour of their huge garden and gave plenty of insight into the array of herbs and plants they've grown. In a video titled A Tour Of The Walled Garden on their official website, Dick and Angel paraded their newly developed backyard to the viewers. During the clip, an alarming reason behind the planting of some new flowers came to light. To prevent their children from running on their flowers, Dick told viewers how he had planted a dangerous obstacle in their way. Read More: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter Speaking to his wife Angel, the renovator asked: "Why have we got our roses here?" Looking unsure, she replied: "I don't remember." Dick, who shares two children with Angel, explained further: "To stop the children running onto the garden." He joked: "Because you're not allowed to put barbed wire up." The Channel 4 star went into more detail on his crafty plan. He added: "So when the children used to come up here, we'd put a row of roses to stop them running onto the garden because if they run through those, they get all prickled." The eccentric TV personality continued: "It's just like barbed wire for children." Dick and Angel gave fans an update on their huge grounds in the small French town Martigné-sur-Mayenne, after developing the land during lockdown. DON'T MISS...  Escape to the Chateau’s Angel Strawbridge on ‘challenging’ issue [ARTICLE]Dick Strawbridge ends 'debate' with Escape to the Chateau milestone [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau’s Angel Adoree addresses neglected renovation [ARTICLE] The pair wrote on their website: "Last year in the midst of lockdown we put all our efforts into revamping The Chateau and its grounds, including our beloved Walled Garden. They continued: "So we decided to take you inside the walls to share our favourite family space with you!" During the hour-long video, the popular duo did not just joke about the perils of having children in a garden. Viewers were also treated to horticultural advice, like how to use borage flowers in salads and other unique gardening tips. The couple moved to Château de la Motte-Husson in 2015, and they utilise the grounds as a wedding venue. Both of the TV double act lived in Southend-on-Sea before their phenomenal new property. For seven years, they have entertained viewers with their quirky ways and style as they restored the previous derelict chateau. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All 4.