On Sunday, Matt Baker and Charlotte Smith treated BBC viewers to a Countryfile special episode where they visited Hadrian's Wall to mark its 1,900th anniversary. The instalment mainly focused on the presenters uncovering hidden histories of the area, but some viewers were far from happy about it. Many took to social media following the episode to question the format change, and to ask where the farming segments were in the show. Introducing the show, Charlotte began: "This wall took six years to build. "Now who would have thought that 1,900 years later, it would still be here." Matt continued: "And not only is it still standing, but it keeps revealing glimpses into our past." "Welcome to Hadrian's Wall," Charlotte added. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist Matt proceeded to explain: "Hadrian's Wall takes in some of the most inspiring landscapes in England." "Emperor Hadrian built this wall to mark the northernmost extent of his empire, and to keep his enemies out," his co-star continued. Matt concluded: "It was more than just the line of defence. "It was home not just to soldiers, but families and people from the far-flung corners of the world." Despite the presenters highlighting such an important part of history, some viewers were less than impressed by the segment. Taking to social media to share their frustrations, Nick Simpson tweeted: "I think this is one of the dullest episodes of #Countryfile I’ve ever seen. I used to really enjoy this programme but it really seems to have gone downhill in recent months." Carl Draper pointed out: "#countryfile has now turned into #timeteam." (sic) He later simply added: "Woke nonsense #countryfile." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise boss details 'biggest' challenge of filming series [INSIGHT]Joan Crawford shuts down interviewer in probe over Bette Davis feud [VIDEO] Malcolm Cowing was also unhappy with the programme, as he tweeted: "So #Countryfile now getting into ferry services to the highland islands? Can anyone remember when it used to be about farmers and farming?" User Angry Man added: "Still waiting for my farming stories. So far I’ve been fed a Roman history program, poor logistics and finances for a Scottish government ferry service and now, well no idea what this bit is about ." "Well tonight’s episode is pretty dull #countryfile," Wez said. However, not everyone was disappointed by the episode, as viewer Heather Clark praised: "The ferry fiasco report on this evening's #Countryfile was one of the best I've seen on the subject, taking into account the impact on local farmers and businesses." User Glassey added: "Not watched #Countryfile for quite some time. That Hadrian's Wall art looks absolutely blooming fantastic!" (sic) Elsewhere in the episode, Charlotte made an amazing discovery at the Roman Fort of Vindolanda where she met the chemist trying to chart the changes beneath the surface. Matt also learned all about the rich multicultural history of the soldiers that manned the wall. While Tom Heap investigated why the ageing government-owned Scottish island ferry service was leaving locals feeling cast adrift. Despite the backlash, there was a small segment on farming throughout the programme. Viewers watched Adam Henson travel to Northumberland, where he learned how a farming family is turbo-charging birds. Countryfile airs on Sunday at 8pm on BBC Two.