Season two of Indian Matchmaking lands on Netflix globally on August 10 and will see a new crop of South Asian singletons hoping to find love with the help of professional marriage maker Sima Taparia. However, the show will also be continuing to follow some of the cast members from the first series as they carry on their bid to make it down the aisle. Aparna Shewakramani Painted as something of a villain in the show, Aparna Shewakramani was outspoken and refused to settle for anything less which seemed to make her difficult. Aparna continues to live her best life and refuses to let her portrayal on the show stop her from speaking out. The star will be back in season two of Indian Matchmaking and also has a new book out called She’s Unlikeable. Pradhyuman Maloo Well-groomed Mumbai jeweller Pradhyuman Maloo seemed to hit it off with a potential match but sadly things didn’t work out with the girl in question. The singleton continued to be fussy in choosing women based on their looks, swiftly rejecting a match solely based on their photo. Pradhyuman is also going to be in season two and confirmed he’d finally met the woman of his dreams. In a sweet Instagram snap from March of himself with his wife Ashima Chauhaan, he wrote: “Life is better with a best friend Hence, I married mine.” READ MORE: Indian Matchmaking: How accurate is Netflix series Indian Matchmaking? Nadia Christina Jagessar Vivacious events planner Nadia Christina Jagessar was unlucky in love with the singleton breaking down on camera after a potential match didn’t work out. She is still on the hunt for a husband and recently shared a humorous reel on Instagram, saying: “Looking for a husband who can cook because I literally just. burned. toast.” Vyasar Ganesan School teacher Vyasar Ganesan’s tragic family background led to a potential connection ending after he revealed details about his father’s past. Although he didn’t find love on the show, Indian Matchmaking apparently helped him to find a girlfriend after a woman reached out to him on social media. He told NBC Asian America in 2021: “Long story short, her cousin saw the show, and they began talking about it and afterward, her cousin reached out on my now girlfriend’s behalf.” Akshay Jakhete Akshay Jakhete was another picky character, who would send his mother’s blood pressure soaring as she tried to get him married off. Sadly, hasn’t given away anything about his life since leaving the show and viewers may simply have to tune in to season two to find out if he makes an appearance. Ankita Bansal Ankita Bansal was a strong businesswoman, who enlisted two matchmakers to help in her quest for love, eventually choosing herself over a man. She continues to be focusing on yoga and fitness and shared a shot from April after she met up with fellow cast member Arparna, posting on Instagram: “The happiness of meeting a version of myself in person, finally after 2 years of FaceTime calls and brainstorm sessions to conversations about somethings so spicy saying it out loud would just be catastrophic. “My fav cast mate turned sister from #IndianMatchmaking @aparnashewakramani. I love you a million. Here is to making sure our voices are heard and spaces are created for women all the world.” Rupam Kaur Divorced mother Rupam Kaur enlisted auntie Sima to help her find love and was told the pool was pretty small for her given her marital status. In the end, it was the dating app Bumble which helped Rupam meet the man of her dreams with the star getting hitched to Nitin Singh in 2020 during the coronavirus pandemic. Posting about her wedding, Rupam shared a cute photo with Nitin as they walked hand-in-hand, captioning the image: “This past Saturday we began our journey as husband and wife. In this process, I hope we find love and peace within one another, and support along the path. Thanks for sharing in our story #lovegrows2020.” Shekar Jayaraman Chicago lawyer Shekar Jayaraman appears to still be looking for love after the show wrapped up, sharing posts about his family and his career. DON'T MISS...Indian Matchmaking on Netflix: Who is Sima Taparia? [EXPLAINER]Never Have I Ever season 3 Netflix release time: What time is it out? [ANALYSIS]Never Have I Ever season 3 release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] Jay Wadhwani Jay Wadhwani appears to have finally found the one after his date with Aparna involving goat yoga didn’t quite hit the right note. He recently shared some photos of his engagement to his girlfriend, informing his fans: “So here's the play-by-play of what we're looking at right now: • I said the L word for the first time • I rented out the venue where we first met and had it decorated with rose petals and candles • I dropped the ring • I found the ring and then put it on her finger • Her twin sister and best friend surprised her at the proposal venue • We then threw a surprise party in a nearby venue with Atlanta-based family and friends • We celebrated the twins' bdays at midnight at the bars • We ended the night with a fancy-schmancy suite in Midtown.” Rashi Gupta Finally, vet Rashi Gupta and Vyasar cut their connection short after details emerged about his past. She has shared some photos with her Indian Matchmaking co-stars, but it’s not clear if Rashi has yet found the one or if she will be in the new series. Indian Matchmaking season 2 will be released on Netflix on August 10