Despite some sporadic reappearances in the 13th season, Hetty Lange’s (played by Linda Hunt) place in NCIS: Los Angeles remains a hot topic among CBS viewers. Her future has been in question for quite some time now, with factors including her age, the introduction of Admiral Kilbride (Gerard McRaney) and G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) looking primed to replace her. Heading into season 14, the NCIS LA fan-favourite is currently battling solo in the Middle East - and it may not end well. This is because the first details of the NCIS LA season 14 premiere have emerged to tease fans with what’s in store. And Callen and Kilbride are confirmed to receive some rather stomach-churning news from Syria, where they fear Hetty is now. The synopsis from CBS reads: “The NCIS team searches for a suspect and their motive following the bombing of a large facility where military combat drones are assembled. “Also, Callen and Kilbride get troubling news about a body found in Syria,” it concludes. READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Deeks star in shock outburst as scene goes wrong Of course, CBS and NCIS LA bosses are keeping exact spoilers close to their chests in regards to whose body it is. But with Hetty residing in the country on what’s undoubtedly a high-risk mission, could this be Hunt’s way of bowing out of the series? It’s a fear a number of the fandom hold given Hunt’s age of 77 and the fact NCIS LA has been going strong without her being too much involved. Even on Reddit, NCIS LA fan @cnljglppl asked: “The show is definitely not the same without Hetty. I know the show runner said that she won’t be making an appearance until next season, but I’m wondering if that means she will be back regularly or just a cameo like she has the last few seasons. “I like the admiral. So salty. But he is not Hetty,” they stated, prompting some fans to share their concerns. One of which was @sun_tzu29 who replied: “I think the days of Linda Hunt acting regularly are over in general, not just on NCIS LA. However, fans may be able to take some comfort from showrunner R Scott Gemmill’s recent quotes regarding Hetty’s future on the show. He appeared to confirm her safety, telling to TV Line: "The plan is to go and rescue her at some point, find out what she’s gotten herself into. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Sean Murray sparks Tony DiNozzo comeback calls with cryptic post [PHOTO]NCIS' Pauley Perrette announces major new career change away from TV [LATEST]NCIS exit: What happened to Mike Franks? Why did Muse Watson leave? [EXPLAINER] “We’re just trying to figure out schedule-wise when we can pull that off. That was the plan last year, too, but it didn’t come to fruition. “We had a bit of a [COVID variant] surge, but things seem to be settling down a bit. “Hopefully, nothing new comes along, and we can make that happen this year,” Gemmill admitted, so perhaps Kilbride and Callen’s worries over Hetty won’t come to fruition. For now, it seems fans will just have to wait and see what happens to the NCIS LA fan-favourite but her future isn’t the only one of interest. Fans will be keen to see how Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) adapt to building their own family unit. Following obstacle after obstacle in their quest to have a child, they were finally given hope by fostering young runaway teen Rosa (Natalia Del Riego). But will Deeks and Kensi be able to cope with the major change to their marriage or could Rosa’s past and presence spark marital problems? NCIS LA season 14 premieres on CBS in the USA on October 9. A UK release date is yet to be announced.