After several weeks of summery weather with high temperatures and consecutive heatwaves that caused drought in parts of the country, scattered storms are blasting Britain. Heavy rain has the potential to cause flooding, especially since the dry and parched land cannot absorb rainwater as fast as it would under different weather conditions. As a result, properties and human life are in danger due to the risk of flooding spikes. Last week, the Met Office issued warnings for sudden thunderstorms that could cause disruptions. The rainy spell is set to continue through this week, with forecasts showing high risks of "flash flooding" as heavy blasts of rain are expected. The thundery clouds are set to affect mostly South and Southeast England, according to the forecasts. Met Office meteorologist Dan Stroud said further weather warnings are not anticipated at the moment, although the UK national weather service is "closely monitoring the situation". He told Express.co.uk: "We currently have a band of clouds bringing heavy bursts of rain across parts of Manchester and the North Midlands. "This band is moving eastwards and it will clear out into the North Sea this evening. "After that, the focus shifts down towards the south and west. We are expecting an area of cloud and rain to arrive across the Southwest during the latter part of Tuesday. "Heavy and, at times showery outbreaks are seen pushing up across Devon and Cornwall and also parts of South Wales. There is potential for some heavier bursts there. "Later on, the clouds can be seen sliding northwards into North Wales and then eventually towards Lake District. "By the time we get to midweek, on Wednesday, we are expecting rainy clouds moving from southwest to a northeast direction, across southwest Britain, North Wales, up through the northern portion of England and into Scotland, and then that band to gently push south and eastward during the course of a Wednesday afternoon and evening, Thursday and Friday." READ MORE: UK hot weather returns: Mercury to push 30C in bank holiday sizzler The Netweather forecast for this week reads: "During Wednesday and into Thursday, weather models are indicating an area of more persistent heavy and perhaps thundery rain could develop from the southwest and move northeast across parts of England and Wales. "This looks to occur as a sharpening upper trough moving in from the west causes a strengthening and backing of the upper flow ahead of the trough, which in turn induces an active wave / shallow low to develop along a frontal boundary, creating lift warm and humid airmass ahead of the front, before the boundary clears east on Thursday. "So, we could see some beneficial rains for areas of England and Wales enduring drought in the coming 7 days, particularly on Monday and again Wednesday into Thursday. "But because the rain may be heavy in places too, it may not soak into the ground given how dry it’s been and how hard the ground is. DON'T MISS: Met Office storm forecast: 15 lightning storm warnings issuedEmergency alerts system set to launch - How it worksUK storm forecast: Chilling map shows imminent thunderstorms "If the rain is particularly heavy, i.e. possibly from thunderstorms mid-week, there may be a risk of flash-flooding – like we saw on Wednesday." Thunderstorms occur due to the existence of cumulonimbus clouds, otherwise known as ‘The King of Clouds’, according to the Met Office. These are menacing-looking multi-level clouds, extending high into the sky in towers or plumes, and they are the only clouds that can produce hail, thunder and lightning. They are associated with extreme weather such as heavy torrential downpours, hail storms, lightning and even tornadoes.