The royal couple went "head to head" after the Duchess of Cornwall edited a special edition of the magazine for her 75th birthday. Royal expert Russell Myers revealed her publication had "outsold Prince Charles' by many thousands" as stand-in Lorraine host Ranvir Singh admired Camilla's "girl power."  After discussing other royals, Ranvir steered the conversation toward the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. "On a slightly more uplifting note, Charles and Camilla have gone head to head," she commented. "They have," Russell confirmed.  "This is quite a funny story, actually." "This is lovely," Ranvir agreed before Russell explained what they were talking about. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood warns North-South divide as South struggles for water He added: "Because on the cover of Country Life we had the Prince of Wales who had written for Country Life a few years ago, and Camilla did her big edition for us for her 75th birthday just a few weeks ago." "She was invited to edit it, wasn't she?" Ranvir stated. "She was indeed," Russell replied. "But she has won the battle of the royals. "Because I understand that her edition has outsold the Prince Of Wales' by many, many thousands we are told. "They're still flying off the shelves - so congratulations!" "Oh, well done," Ranvir exclaimed. "A bit more girl power carrying on in the Royal Family, we love all that." It has been reported that Camilla hoped to break Charles' record before the edition was published. Speaking on Lorraine in July, Michael Waldman, who directed the special ITV documentary Camilla’s Country Life, discussed the couple's "competitive" nature. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley blasts 'irrelevant' Gordon Brown [LATEST]Richard Madeley slammed as he 'chuckles' in emotional grief interview [VIDEO]Van Der Valk's Lucienne star recalls traumatic on-set experience [INTERIVEW] Carol Vorderman, who was standing in for Lorraine Kelly last month, said: "Within the documentary, we find out that when Prince Charles was guest editor, he broke records in terms of sales. "[And] I think Camilla would like to break his record, is that right." Mr Waldman claimed that the couple "are quite competitive". He added: "She's keen to see if she can beat his circulation figures."  Mr Waldman said: "She's very authentic, she comes across as someone who's real. "That doesn't mean to say [that] she doesn't love her husband. "But there's [a] competitive relationship between friends, and indeed, husband and wife." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.