Andy Murray won his first Grand Slam match in straight sets for over five years after his Argentine opponent sportingly conceded a point to the Scot at the US Open. The 2012 champion beat No.24 seed Francisco Cerundolo 7-5 6-3 6-3 in the first match of the day in the Louis Armstrong Stadium. The Scot showed no signs of the cramping problem which had hampered his performances in the warm-up events. His ruthless performance in his 16th US Open appearance was his first straight sets win here since 2016. And his last three-set win in any Grand Slam event came in the fourth round of Wimbledon in 2017 against Frenchman Benoit Paire. But the big talking point today came in the tight opening set when the Argentine was serving at 4-5 down to stay in the first set. Already trailing 0-15, the Argentine scrambled to recover an angled Murray volley and recovered to win the point. But the 2012 champion immediately claimed to umpire Tim Jansen that the ball had bounced twice on Cerundolo’s side of the net before his return - and TV replays showed he was right. With booes ringing around the Louis Armstrong Stadium, umpire Tim Jansen announced that Cerundolo had conceded the point for reasons of “sportsmanship”. Three-time Grand Slam winner Murray gave him a thumbs-up and the booes turned to cheers. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confirms new tournament after US Open ban  World Feed commentator Colin Fleming called for VAR to be introduced into tennis for such calls in addition to line calls. “Replays are needed in cases like this, or touching the net or hindrance calls in tournaments where there is not electronic line calling,” said the former Davis Cup star. The Argentine fought back to win the game but lost the first set 7-5 after serving a double fault on set point. Murray had won four consecutive games in the first set after dropping his serve in the opening game. The Scot went on a similar run in the second set when he led 5-0 before Cerundolo showed some resistance and clawed back three games before a wayward backhand on the first set point. Murray broke again in the first game of the third set and won three consecutive games to lead 5-1 before taking his third match point when the Argentine framed a forehand long. DON'T MISSRonnie O'Sullivan sends message to Serena Williams ahead of retirementRafael Nadal and US Open stars discover huge sum raised for Ukraine'Biggest force in tennis history' Serena Williams ready to end era  At the net at the end, he told Cerundolo: "What you did in the first set was very impressive. Not a lot of players would have done that. I really appreciate that. Remarkably, world No.27 Cerundolo, who reached the semi-finals of the Miami Masters in March, has never won a singles match at a Grand Slam in four attempts. The clay-court specialist is also now 0-5 against British opponents after previously going down to Liam Broady, Cam Norrie, Dan Evans - in the first round of the French Open - and Ryan Peniston. Murray will face the winner of the clash between Aussie John Millman and American wildcard Emilio Nava in the second round on Wednesday.