The Sandman has just arrived on Netflix and the series features characters from Neil Gaiman's comic book series. Dream (played by Tom Sturridge) comes across some of his siblings during his attempt to rebuild The Dreaming. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about The Endless, including Prodigal. The Endless are the embodiments of powerful natural forces who refer to themselves as siblings. From oldest to youngest, they include Destiny, Death, Dream, Destruction, Desire, Despair, and Delirium. Each of the siblings rules over their own realms, with Morpheus ruling The Dreaming. They contact each other by holding a sigil and calling for that particular family member. Some of the dysfunctional family made an appearance in the series, with Death (Kirby Howell-Baptiste) featuring in an emotional episode. READ MORE: Is The Sandman connected to Lucifer? Dream travelled with Death as she took the lives of a number of citizens, from all walks of life. Morpheus was heartbroken as he watched his sister greet each person with open arms. Meanwhile, the deviant Desire (Mason Alexander Park) proved themselves to be a troublemaker in the series. By the end it transpired he had created a Vortex which could have destroyed the waking world. The Endless siblings do not often get along, with Destiny being the most aloof. Destruction has abandoned the group, meanwhile, the three youngest siblings dislike Dream. Desire is known for manipulating the others and provoking them at every opportunity. However, Delirium finds Dream scary and feels like he is judging her. Meanwhile, Death is the only sibling who appears to be on good terms with other members of the family. DON'T MISS... Jenna Coleman once linked to Prince Harry – 'Pretty awkward' [INSIGHT] Tom Sturridge age: How old is The Sandman Morpheus actor? [EXPLAINER] Who is The Corinthian in The Sandman? [INSIGHT] The Prodigal is mentioned throughout the series but the sibling is never seen. In the comics, Destruction is also referred to as 'The Prodigal', and he is known for abandoning his family. The source material describes him as a very large man with red hair. Destruction washed his hands of his responsibilities as one of the Endless 300 years ago. His defiance caused conflict between him and his siblings. Although he is not a man of many talents, he has a passion for creative endeavours. Since abandoning his realm, his siblings started referring to him as the Prodigal or Brother. Fans will have to wait and see whether Prodigal appears in a potential second season. Dream may call on his missing sibling for support as the threat of war from Lucifer (Gwendoline Christie) becomes real. The Sandman is on Netflix now.