Tottenham forward Richarlison has renewed hostilities with Jamie Carragher and Liverpool by calling out the former Reds centre-back after being criticised for showboating in Sunday's win over Nottingham Forest. Richarlison raised plenty of eyebrows when he started doing keepy-uppies after receiving a pass near the touchline at the City Ground with just five minutes left on the clock. The Brazilian was promptly chopped down by Forest striker Brennan Johnson, who did not seem to take kindly to Richarlison's display of unnecessary skill during the closing stages of the match. The latter was slammed by Carragher in the aftermath of the challenge, with the Sky Sports pundit admitting that he could not blame Johnson for taking a heavy-handed approach in response to a perceived lack of respect for his team."It does wind people up, you can't do that," said Carragher. "But what is he doing? He just winds people up that lad, Richarlison, he winds me up. What do you expect Johnson to do?"Richarlison has since fired back at Carragher on Twitter to prove that there is no love lost between the pair, who have aimed public digs at each other on a handful of previous occasions. The Tottenham ace tweeted a video of him showboating against Forest and tagged Carragher alongside an eyes emoji, while ex-Liverpool midfielder Didi Hamann was also told to 'cry more' by the player in response to a suggestion that he should have been booked for unsportsmanlike conduct. JUST IN: Nottingham Forest 'on verge' of sealing deal after target skips match Tottenham boss Antonio Conte jumped to the player's defence when quizzed on his keepy-uppies after the final whistle at the City Ground, though, with the Italian coach insisting that it would not have been meant in a disrespectful way."At that moment I was with the bench because I was making another substitution," explained Conte. "I think he juggled with the ball. It is a game and you are under pressure. "I repeat, it is OK. I don’t think Richy wanted to show disrespect to Nottingham Forest. Nottingham Forest are a really good team with a great history in football and we have a great respect."Richy for sure thinks in the same way, not disrespectful for anyone and I can tell you this."Richarlison will be hoping to brush off the recent criticism aimed in his direction by putting in a strong performance when Tottenham face cross-city rivals West Ham United in a London derby on Wednesday evening. He managed to orchestrate his side's second and final goal against Forest over the weekend, with the 25-year-old fizzing in a well-placed cross with the outside of his boot that was duly converted by Harry Kane to wrap up all three points for the visitors. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here