Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is ‘focused on other deals’ and will not target Watford sensation Ismaila Sarr this summer, according to reports. Sarr reminded interested parties of his quality by scoring from his own half for Watford on Monday. The 24-year-old has surprisingly not earned a move back into the Premier League following Watford’s relegation. He scored his first of the new Championship season against West Brom, receiving possession five yards inside his own half before incredibly lobbing goalkeeper David Button. Liverpool have previously been linked with Sarr, alongside several other Premier League clubs. However, the Reds will apparently steer clear of a deal for the winger. Head coach Klopp already has several attacking options following the summer additions of Fabio Carvalho and Darwin Nunez. The German will also target other signings, having lost a couple of key midfielders to injuries. JUST IN: Four players Liverpool could buy to ease Thiago burden after injury That is according to Fabrizio Romano, who has written in his CaughtOffside column about Liverpool’s plans from now until the end of the transfer window. The transfer guru believes Sarr is too good for the Championship and will soon be snapped up by a top-flight club. Romano wrote: “What a goal from Ismaila Sarr [on Monday] as he reminded us all of his superb talent. The Senegalese forward is certainly too good for the Championship, but Watford will only sell him for an important proposal. “Liverpool have followed him for years but have never made any proposals. Klopp’s focus is on other deals. “Sarr can be a surprise from here to the end of the market. Liverpool could be the right fit for Sarr’s talents, as he is a similar style of player to his compatriot Sadio Mane, who had a great career at Anfield before moving to Bayern Munich this summer.” DON'T MISS...Liverpool crisis deepens as Klopp learns Thiago injury extentLiverpool have Thiago transfer problem Ward may not be able to solveArsenal and Liverpool learn Pino's agents and Villarreal's thoughts Adding that Klopp already has a wealth of attacking talents, Romano continued: “Still, Jurgen Klopp also has Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota in his attack, so there doesn’t seem an urgent need for Sarr at the moment.” Klopp has frequently said that he will not dip back into the transfer window after spending almost £100m on Carvalho, Nunez and young full-back Calvin Ramsay. But the Premier League runners-up added Thiago Alcantara to their lengthening list of injuries during their 2-2 draw with Fulham on Saturday. "I know what will now come up, it's clear. We said we don't need a midfielder because we have enough - and we actually have enough, but the problem now is we get punished for something that is not our responsibility really because things like this can happen,” Klopp said. "Look, a transfer must make sense now and in the long term - we have midfielders, we have still enough midfielders. It is not that we lack midfielders, but it's just some of them are injured. This is not a good situation, I don't like it at all, but we have to see how we react on that - but for sure not panicking."