Thames Water says that nearly a quarter of its water supply it lost due to leakage caused by cracked piping. The water company is currently deciding if it should implement a hosepipe ban to save water, which will affect 15 million people living in the South East of England.  Cathryn Ross, a director at Thames Water, spoke to Radio 4 on Wednesday to discuss the possibility of a hosepipe ban. She said: “In all probability, we'll be moving to introduce the hosepipe ban in the next couple of weeks.” Water companies across the UK are currently putting the early stages of their drought plans into action by banning hosepipe usage in certain areas of the country. The UK is not currently considered to be in a drought, however, the National Drought Group held an emergency meeting in July after the country experienced record-breaking heatwaves.  Ms Ross also spoke about the issue of pipe leakage across the Thame Water network. She said: “We totally accept we need to do better on fixing leaks, that's why we're fixing more than 1,100 leaks every week. “We are not where we need to be, we have a lot of work to do to fix Thames Water. “We're going to have to look at all the tools in the toolkit to make sure that we keep customers with taps flowing.” The UK Government has said it wants water companies to cut leaks by 10 percent by 2050.  READ MORE: Britons brace for MORE hosepipe bans if faced with a dry winter South East Water will implement hosepipe bans in Kent and Sussex this Friday, which will affect over one million people. Next week, Welsh Water will start hosepipe bans in Pembrokeshire and certain areas of Carmarthenshire. Hosepipe bans have already been imposed by Southern Water in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight. All British water companies have said they do not expect to restrict water usage but they will be monitoring water storage levels closely.  DON'T MISS:When will it rain: The EXACT dates UK can expect rainfall [INSIGHT[Monty Don shares ‘perfect’ way to water plants in ‘dry conditions’ [REVEAL] Health alert issued as vulnerable people set to suffer from 97F heat [REPORT] Environmental Secretary George Eustice met with water companies heads this week to discuss the best way to protect water supplies Mr Eustice said: “All water companies have reassured me that water supplies remain resilient across the country. “Each company has a pre-agreed drought plan which they are following, and I have urged them to take any precautionary steps needed to protect essential supplies as we go into a likely very dry autumn. “We are better prepared than ever before for periods of dry weather with a system that is working well to manage water usage, protect the environment and maintain water supplies for the public and critical sectors. “We will continue to actively monitor the situation, working alongside partners including the Environment Agency.”