Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak will go head to head as they battle it out to become the next Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister on a Sky News debate headed by Kay Burley on Thursday night. Burley has worked for Sky News for more than 34 years — although she has said she tried to join the BBC many times throughout her career.    The 61-year-old presenter’s career began when she was just 17 working for the Wigan Evening Post and Chronicle in Lancashire before joining Sky News at its conception in 1988. But when she was a budding reporter, her strong Lancashire accent — which she since strived to lose — meant she was disregarded as “common” and Burley claimed it led to the “sniffy” BBC rejecting her. Speaking on the Women with Balls podcast in 2019, Burley said: “Most certainly there was a class issue, absolutely… “I worked for a radio station called Red Rose Radio in Preston. “I would finish on my local paper and then I would drive to Preston and I would put together something called ‘what the papers say’ where I would ring around all the local papers and then I would do 90 seconds on their drive time show."    She continued: “The presenters would change day to day and I was once in the back of the studio and they didn't know I was there. “One of them said to the other one, ‘who's doing what the papers say tonight?’ “And the other one said ‘Oh, it’s Kay Burley’ and the other guy said ‘Oh, it’s that one that talks like that [mimicking her accent] isn’t it? She’s dead common that one’. “And I was absolutely mortified and this was 40 or odd years ago as I said before accents were acceptable really. “The BBC had been very sniffy and had turned me down many times for local radio before that… “I applied for lots of jobs at the BBC and I was never successful. Now they couldn’t afford me.” READ MORE: 'All brexiteers now!' Kay Burley slams David Davis over Sunak support    In 2017, it was rumoured Burley’s colleague Adam Boulton — Sky News’ political editor — was paid £400,000, compared to the BBC’s Laura Kuenssberg wracking in up to £250,000 that same year. In an interview with the Telegraph, Burley — who did not attend university — claimed the BBC would not hire her because “she was not clever enough”. However, in a later interview with the Press Gazette, she claimed that had been a joke and that she had worked for various local BBC radio stations. She said: “I have nothing against the BBC. It’s just that my career has taken a path where adverts pay my mortgage. As opposed to people who subscribe to the licence fee.” Although Kay Burley is one of Sky News’ top presenters, her illustrious career has not been without controversy. In 2008, she was criticised for asking the girlfriend of the Suffolk Strangler — Steve Wright — whether their unsatisfactory sex life had anything to do with him committing those crimes. DON'T MISS: Irexit calls surge: 'Friction rising' between EU and Dublin [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: EU sets exact month UK holidaymakers to be forced to PAY  [REPORT]Brexit: EU 'throws Ireland under bus' in £67m fishing stitch up [INSIGHT]  But on the Women with Balls podcast, Burley claimed said girlfriend requested that she ask her that question. Then in 2010, Burley reduced Peter Andre to tears during a live interview. Last year, Burley returned to Sky News after a six-month suspension following her breaking lockdown rules as she celebrated her 60th birthday with colleagues and friends. Burley stepped back for a “period of reflection” and withdrew from the Royal Television Society’s journalism awards. Kay Burley will host “The Battle for Number 10” on Sky News tonight at 8pm.   