Manchester United have reportedly told Frenkie de Jong they will wait until the final day of the transfer window in case he changes his mind over a move to Old Trafford. De Jong is claimed to be 'grateful' for United's interest after fresh contact was made on Friday. The Red Devils have been keen on the Barcelona midfielder throughout the summer. However, the player's stance has always been that he wants to stay at the Nou Camp. United signed Casemiro from Real Madrid earlier this week in a deal worth up to £70million. But they would still be interested in signing De Jong if the opportunity rises before the September 1 deadline. Spanish outlet Sport claims United made fresh contact with De Jong's representatives on Friday. They have made the player aware that they will maintain an interest in him as late as possible and would carry out a deadline day move if the 25-year-old has a change of heart. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £8m offer, Chelsea trigger clause, Klopp hint  De Jong is claimed to not be convinced by either United or Chelsea's proposals to sign him. But it is the Old Trafford club to whom he is most 'grateful'. Barca would sell De Jong for a fee of around £67.8million (€80m). However, they are not forcing the player to leave and he looks set to remain at the club for this season. United are unlikely to sign any other midfielder if they fail to land top target De Jong, after splashing out on Casemiro. Manager Erik ten Hag does not want to recruit in attacking areas though. DON'T MISSWolves boss' telling three-word comment as Arsenal plot Neto transferSky Sports urged to step in as Gary Neville slammed for 'unprofessionalism'Man Utd boss Ten Hag blanks reporter's questions after Palace incident  Ajax star Antony is the top target but United's latest offer of £76.3m (€90m) has been turned down. PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo is also a target, as Ten Hag looks to continue to pick off the best talent in the Eredivisie. Newest recruit Casemiro is in like to make his debut against Southampton on Saturday. The 52-year-old has made it clear he wants to make further additions to his squad but insists the calibre of player had to be right. Speaking at his press conference on Friday, Ten Hag said: "I don't know, but we said: we need players, [it's] clear, but we need the right players. That is what we've said the whole transfer window and we are happy [with] what we have done until now. But the barrier has to be high." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 