Emmerdale spoilers reveal Sandra (played by Joanne Mitchell) will do everything in her power to destroy Liv's (Isobel Steele) marriage to Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson). As she maliciously ensures recovering alcoholic Liv sips at some alcohol, Liv could end up hitting rock bottom once again. However, if a drunken Liv works out what her mum has been up to, she might attack her and could leave her for dead. In upcoming episodes of the ITV soap, Sandra convinces Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) to speak to Vinny about his "marriage" problems. Gabby questions Vinny on his sex life and is left curious when he reveals he’s never had sex. Liv’s shocked when she sees an awkward Gabby and Vinny together but soon calls out Sandra for manipulating the situation. With her plan to break Liv and Vinny apart stumbling, Sandra fills Terry (Neil Bell) in on her plan to disrupt Liv’s sobriety. Sandra pounces on the opportunity to sneakily switch Liv’s drink for an alcoholic one. READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry Later, Liv recoils when she takes her first sip, leaving Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) mortified. Liv becomes worried that the door to her alcoholism has been opened. As Sandra stirs the situation with Vinny, her smile grows. Liv’s affronted when Vinny catches her out for not being honest about swallowing the alcohol. After a row, Liv storms out and Vinny is left reeling but it's clear Sandra is pleased. Later, Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) is alarmed to hear Liv has had alcohol. She doesn’t do well in concealing her worry and Sandra tries to fuel Liv’s insecurities surrounding her alcoholism. She continues to fuel the situation and later suggests a last-minute trip abroad. With Liv oblivious to Sandra’s real intentions, will viewers soon see her hit rock bottom once again? It could be that Liv manages to work out what her nasty mother is up to. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Naomi tears family apart with pregnancy scandal [THEORY]Strictly newcomer issues challenge to rivals after overseas success [VIDEO]Tom Jones says Elvis 'would have loved' new biopic film [LATEST] Perhaps Liv will turn to drink again after taking the sip, and Vinny is likely to push her away, unable to deal with Liv being back on alcohol. As a devastated Liv tries to work out what might have happened, and who has been sowing seeds of doubt in her relationship, she might realise Sandra has been behind it all. As Sandra attempts to convince Liv to leave the country, Liv might begin to piece things together even further. She might end up attacking her mum and, because she's under the influence of alcohol, she will probably become much more violent than she usually would. The alcohol, coupled with her mother's betrayal, might send Liv over the edge. Perhaps she will launch a bottle at Sandra, issuing a fatal blow to her head. Will she be able to cover up what she has done? It could be that she will end up making it look as though Sanda has left the country after she had been researching plane tickets for Liv. However, she will probably need some help hiding the body - could Vinny become embroiled in the crime? Liv might call him and desperately explain the situation and everything Sandra has been up to. Although he'd be disappointed at Liv turning to booze again, Vinny would ultimately stand by her and be there for her. The two might end up having to hide Sandra's body and stage a last-minute exit for the scheming woman. However, with another traumatic event added to Liv's list, could she begin to fall downhill with her alcohol dependency? Emmerdale continues on Wednesday at 8pm on ITV. 