Dirt and mould can develop in the detergent drawer, in the drum and in the rubber seal on the washing machine door. Having the best cleaning products handy always helps with occasional deep cleaning tasks like this. So for those who have just discovered shocking levels of grime and gunk on the inside of their washing machine, here are all the answers they need. Express.co.uk spoke to Essential Living's Operations Manager, Olly Cavner, about the cheapest and most effective way to clean washing machines from the drawer and the drum to the seal. The expert explained that a particular place that mould often breeds more commonly in washing machines is in the drawers. He said: “The detergent drawer of any washing machine can be prone to mould or damp thanks to machines working so hard at holding moisture in, which is why we need to regularly clean them. “Luckily, the process isn’t too time-consuming. Simply spray your preferred bathroom cleaner and wipe off any grime or mould with a rough sponge regularly.” READ MORE: ‘Highly effective’ homemade kitchen cleaner to cut through soap scum If this doesn’t remove the dirt entirely, Olly suggested using an old toothbrush and some washing-up liquid. This will make it easier to get in those harder-to-reach places, lathering up the liquid with warm water to try and loosen the mould. The cleaning pro urged: “Be sure to also clean the inside of the machine where your drawer lives too.” He explained that homeowners can do this with white vinegar, baking of soda and a warm water mix sprayed around it. DON'T MISS: ‘Tough’ garden plants you ‘can’t kill’ - ‘tolerates harsh conditions’ [INSIGHT]Three ‘effective homemade remedies’ to remove limescale from taps [TIPS]Kitchen trends to avoid right now - ‘you’ll resent it’ [EXPERT] Olly said: “The combination of vinegar and baking soda offers one of the most effective ways to clean your washing machine, and will only cost around £2.50 altogether. “It’s a good idea to grab hold of these products too as this is what will help you clean the inside of your machine.” To do this, start by adding one to two teaspoons of water to three tablespoons of bicarbonate of soda to form a thick paste, and pour this into the detergent drawer. Then, tip 250ml of white vinegar into the drum and run the washing machine on a 60°C cycle. READ MORE: How to ‘save more money’ on bills with your washing machine The expert said: “These ingredients will work together to break down any grime and residue and will work to remove any musty odours lingering in the machine.” Some machines do have a setting to clean inside of the machine too, so it’s worth checking if your model has this option to save the extra effort. For those who have already cleaned their machine using the above steps, then it will have also helped clean the seal too, according to Olly. He continued: “Still, to be extra vigilant, it’s recommended to add some washing-up liquid to warm water and wipe the inside of your seal with a clean cloth will help to get rid of any final residue. “If you buy vinegar in large quantities it can cost around £0.60 per litre, as opposed to about £2 per litre if bought in smaller quantities. “Wilko sells their own Original Bicarbonate of Soda at just £1.75 for 500g, making this a cheap but highly effective cleaning duo.” For even less, Britons can purchase white vinegar for 29p and baking soda for 55p from Asda. Olly advised that homeowners should try to clean their machine “as often as possible”. He said: “It’s always good practice to wipe down the inside of the drum and the door with a soft cloth after every use and to leave the door ajar to remove any leftover moisture to help prevent that mould build-up.”