Mr Bower made the claims in his book Revenge which was widely reported on after its release last month. In the book, Mr Bower spoke to Vanity Fair writer Sam Kashner who claimed Serena Williams told him she was simply an "acquaintance" of Meghan.  The Duchess of Sussex had reportedly given Mr Kashner a list of her friends in a previous interview, but upon called Ms Williams, who was on the list, she denied her friendship claim. But this has now been challenged after the pro-tennis player appeared on Meghan's new Spotify podcast as her first guest. When asked why she chose to feature on the podcast, Ms Williams said: "We've been friends for so long. I'm super loyal." Mr Bower wrote in his bombshell book: "Over the next few days he [Sam Kashner] called those who Meghan had recommended as her friends. Serena Williams denied she was Meghan's friend but just an acquaintance. She gave him an enigmatic quote: 'You've got to be who you are, Meghan. You can't hide.'"  As Meghan introduced Serena Williams on her podcast, she referred to the tennis player as a "dear, dear friend". She added: "For our first episode, we have someone really exciting. Serena Williams... the greatest of all time. I asked her to come on to talk with me about that dirty, dirty word when it comes to women... ambition. "Serena Williams needs no introduction. She's done it all and Serena recently shared some pretty big news with the world... she's retiring from the tennis world so she can continue to grow her family and focus on her other passions. She's just a remarkable woman." Fans of Meghan's have been reacting to Mr Bower's claims being debunked on Twitter.  READ MORE: Meghan's 'negative connotation for ambition' comment in podcast User @royalmusing wrote: "Well this should make Tom Bower rush to the bathroom Considering he’s very wrong about the friendship between Meghan and Serena. Too bad he’s not on Twitter because this could be retweeted to him a gazillion times." Meghan introduced the podcast by saying: "This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." There are more episodes to be released, with this marking the first of 12 in the series.  DON'T MISS:EU ‘should’ help Sturgeon’s independence dream with Covid fund [INSIGHT]McDonald's CHAOS as mob of 50 youths storms and loots restaurant [PICTURES]Girl, 9, killed in Liverpool shooting named by Merseyside Police [COMMENT] Meghan will speak to a number of women across different generations and industries. When discussing why she decided to come onto the podcast, Ms Williams said to Meghan: "I love you. Anything you want me to do I'm going to do. I believe in you." 