The study by Atlas Ceramics revealed the most aesthetic location in the UK is the city of Oxford, in Oxfordshire. Oxford ranked in first place as the UK's most beautiful city with 26 listed buildings and monuments per square kilometre. Some of the most famous spots to visit in the city are the Museum of Natural History, the University of Oxford and its Christ Church Meadow. Oxford is the perfect destination for those who want to explore a charming town with impressive architecture, relaxing parks but also lots of bars and restaurants. Rafa Ricotta, a visitor who travelled to Oxford for the weekend said the town is "simply beautiful and super pleasant". READ MORE: Flight attendant's packing hack to fit '14 days' worth of clothes' He explained: "I recommend it to anyone who wants a place to feel the clean and pleasant air of England." Another traveller, with username PBPG, wrote a review on Tripadvisor saying: "Fabulous views. Strolling round Oxford we came across the meadow with the college. All very peaceful with good views of Oxford." Tourists in Oxford can book an exciting Harry Potter walking tour or relax on an afternoon tea sightseeing river cruise. Some of the most charming hotels to stay in Oxford, and with the highest rating, are the Old Bank hotel, the Old Parsonage Hotel and The Randolph Hotel in the city centre.  Oxford was followed by Worcester, in the West Midlands, with an aesthetic score of 7.98 out of 10. Worcester is famous for its medieval cathedral and has a number of boutique hotels, listed buildings and monuments. Exeter was named the third most aesthetic location in the UK with its highest rank being for its proportion of listed buildings and monuments. Canterbury is also one of the most beautiful cities, according to the study. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip The Northern Ireland city of Derry, on the other hand, was named the least beautiful city in the UK. London, Manchester and Liverpool were named the most aesthetic cities on social media platforms TikTok and Instagram. London had 39.5 billion TikTok views and 158 million Instagram posts while Manchester followed behind with 5.7 billion TikTok views and 18 million Instagram posts. Oxford Worcester Exeter Winchester Chelmsford London St Albans Cambridge Manchester Bristol Portsmouth