PIP is a support payment to help with the daily living needs of Britons with long-term illnesses or disabilities. The benefit is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions but from today people in Scotland will receive a new benefit instead. Adult Disability Payment (ADP) is replacing PIP in the country from today, with the new devolved support to be managed by Social Security Scotland. Claimants currently on PIP will all be moved onto the new benefit by summer 2024, with the DWP starting the transfer of more than 300,000 claimants from mid June. The national rollout follows the successful trial of ADP in 13 local authorities, which started in March. Current PIP claimants do not need to apply for the new benefit, and there will be no interruption in payments during the migration, which typically takes around three months. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out People who receive ADP will be paid between £24.45 and £156.90 per week to help with the additional costs of daily living and mobility needs. The cash boost will be paid every four weeks, amounting to between £97.80 and £627.60 every payment period. Applications for ADP differ from PIP in that there are no face-to-face assessments. New claimants will only be asked to come to a consultation if more information is needed to decide on their claim. DON'T MISS Ben Macpherson, social security minister, said this will take the form of a “conversation” with a health and social care professional, to understand how the person’s condition affects them. He said: “We are offering a range of ways to make an application, including online, by post, over the phone or face-to-face. “Social Security Scotland local delivery teams are also available to provide assistance in communities across the country.” ADP is made up of two components: Daily Living and Mobility. Claimants may qualify for one or both parts. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments The amount a person receives depends on how their condition affects their ability to do everyday activities and get around. An individual's income and savings are not taken into account when a person’s claim is considered. The daily living and mobility part will be paid at a standard rare and enhanced rate. Daily living: Standard rate - £61.85 each week Enhanced rate - £92.40 each week Mobility: Standard rate - £24.45 each week Enhanced rate - £64.50 each week Claimants do not need to apply for ADP if they already get PIP or DLA from the DWP. The transfer will be carried out by Social Security Scotland without the claimant having to do anything. Moira Tasker, chief executive of Inclusion Scotland, said: “Many disabled people are being disproportionately hard hit by the UK economic crisis and are deeply worried about just surviving this winter. “The Adult Disability Payment will offer much needed support to eligible disabled people. It ushers in further progress towards upholding the values of dignity and respect in Scottish society.” A person can find out if they qualify for ADP on the mygov.scot website.