The US streaming giant announced in late 2020 it would end The Crown in its sixth year. While fans of the show are gearing up to watch the fifth season, set to be released in November, casting director Robert Sterne is looking for the perfect actor to interpret young Prince William in The Crown's final season. The job posting for the role calls for an "exceptional young actor" to come forward and be ready to get on set as soon as next month. It read: "Netflix series THE CROWN, is searching for an exceptional young actor to play PRINCE WILLIAM in the next series. "This is a significant role in this award-winning drama, and we are looking for a strong physical resemblance. "Shooting will commence in early September 2022. "No previous professional acting experience is required. "We are very experienced in providing a great deal of support for the young actors and their families through what they find a uniquely rewarding creative process." Casting Talent website stated that shortlisting is currently underway, urging people interested in this role to apply as soon as possible. Kate Bone, casting associate for The Crown, had already placed a casting call for this role on Twitter in March. Her casting call notice stated shooting would commence in August and included a call also for a Prince Harry lookalike. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's days before stardom laid bare Providing pictures of the royal brothers in their early 20s, the notice suggested The Crown's sixth season would focus on the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge' lives during their young adult years. In late July, she took to Twitter again with a new notice, this time focused only on Prince William, stating The Crown was looking for a Prince William lookalike aged 15 and applications should be sent by August 5. The casting associate added to her followers: "Can you help spread the word??? Great opportunity for the right 15-year-old boy..." While the long wait to find an actor to play Prince William has led some to speculate on casting issues, Netflix said it isn't experiencing any difficulties. A spokesman told the Daily Mail: "The casting team are very experienced.  "The actors may not be needed on set for months and casting generally takes longer for younger actors." The actor playing young Prince William will recreate the Duke of Cambridge's first meeting with Kate Middleton, as The Crown had previously put out a notice to cast an actress to play the Duchess in her early 20s. The final series of the Crown has also been tipped to see Harry and William dealing with the absence of Princess Diana from their lives. Dominic West, who will play Prince Charles in the show's last two seasons, told Deadline in June that the final year of The Crown will be "as tumultuous as it gets" as it will explore the death of Diana. While there are no official statements concerning at what point in modern royal history the show will end, The Sun reported claims The Crown's showrunner Peter Morgan wants to end the sixth series with Prince Charles and Camilla's wedding in April 2005. The original plan, the newspaper added, was to end the storyline in 2002, with Her Majesty celebrating the Golden Jubilee shortly after the death of Princess Margaret and the Queen Mother. What seems to be set in stone is that the show won't portray either the romance of Meghan and Prince Harry on screen or their fallout with the Royal Family. More details are known about season five, which will see new actors playing the royals as the show advance in time. Elizabeth Debicki will step in the role of Princess Diana and will bring on screen the Princess of Wales's infamous Panorama interview with Martin Bashir. Imelda Staunton will replace Olivia Colman as Queen Elizabeth II. The Duke of Sussex is the only member of the Royal Family to have publicly spoken about the show, telling James Corden in February last year: "It's fictional. But it's loosely based on the truth. Of course it's not strictly accurate." After saying The Crown gave a "rough idea" of the pressures faced by senior royals, he added: "I am way more comfortable with The Crown than I am seeing stories written about my family or my wife. "That [The Crown] is obviously fiction, take it how you will. "But this is being reported on as fact because you’re supposedly news. I have a real issue with that."