Mohamed Salah is on the cusp of taking up yet more pages in the Liverpool history books, as the Premier League action finally returns for Jurgen Klopp's men. Salah will lead the line for the Reds as they travel to west London to take on newly promoted Fulham, fresh off the back of his bumper summer contract extension which has made him the highest paid Liverpool star of all time. But it is goals that the Egyptian has on his mind, and at Craven Cottage Salah has the chance to extend his own record of scoring on five occassions of the Premier League season's opening day return. No other player has matched the feat, and Salah can make it six when Klopp's men go up against the Cottagers in a match which they are heavily tipped to leave with maximum points. Salah has a point to prove after penning a lucrative £350,000-per-week deal on the run-up to his 30th birthday, and the forward can do so in style by also passing club icon Steven Gerrard at the same time. Should Salah find the back of the net against Fulham, he will not only extend his opening day scoring run, but also pull one goal ahead of Anfield darling Gerrard with 121 Premier League goals. Gerrard boasts 120 for the Reds, which Salah himself currently also sits on. Liverpool's Egyptian maestro is just 31 goals away from breaking into the top 10 of all-time Premier League goalscorers, and looks certain to do so given his future has now been committed to the Red half of Merseyside. Salah's closest rival in terms of collective goals scored is none other than Jamie Vardy, who himself is 18 Premier League strikes away from breaking into the top 10. Vardy has in recent days found himself linked with both Manchester United and Chelsea, who have reportedly checked in with Leicester City regarding the future of the veteran striker and whether a summer transfer could emerge as a possibility. It is understood the Foxes are reluctant to part ways with their main goal-getter, who shares a strong understanding with manager Brendan Rodgers. As for Salah, another record in his sights is of course the top-scoring overseas player of all time, in the Premier League. That honour currently rests with Sergio Aguero, who amassed 184 goals during his trophy-laden spell with Manchester City. Given Salah likely has the remainder of his career to unfold in the English top flight with Liverpool, the target is very much within reach.