  Stockard Channing, who played rebellious character Rizzo in the hit film Grease, has broken her silence to pay an emotional tribute to her co-star Olivia Newton-John. This comes after the news that Olivia sadly died yesterday at the age of 73 following a long battle with breast cancer.    Stockard, 78, described how she would miss Olivia “enormously” as she reflected on the star’s incredible warmth. She described Olivia, who played Sandy in the hit musical, as the “essence of summer” in a touching tribute. “I don't know if I've known a lovelier human being,” she began. “Olivia was the essence of summer – her sunniness, her warmth and her grace are what always come to mind when I think of her.     “I will miss her enormously,” she added in her tear-jerking statement to People. Stockard played the ringleader of the Pink Ladies, Betty Rizzo, who at first clashed with Olivia’s goody two-shoes character Sandy Olsen. In the 1978 smash hit, the pair made a huge impression on audiences alongside leading man John Travolta, 68, who played Sandy’s love interest Danny Zuko. John was one of the first people to pay tribute to his late co-star yesterday.    He wrote: “My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. “Your impact was incredible. I love you so much. We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. “Yours from the first moment I saw you and forever! Your Danny, your John!” Olivia died peacefully surrounded by loved ones at her home in Southern California yesterday, according to her devoted husband John Easterling.     John shared the devastating news in a Facebook post, which then sparked tributes from fans and friends all over the world. The post read: “Dame Olivia Newton-John (73) passed away peacefully at her Ranch in Southern California this morning, surrounded by family and friends. “'We ask that everyone please respect the family's privacy during this very difficult time. “Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer.     “Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer.” A number of celebrities paid their respects to the late actress and singer, with US television host Oprah Winfrey saying her "positivity was just infectious". "You'll be missed, Olivia," she wrote. "Here's to the good times." Sir Rod Stewart also said Olivia was "the perfect lady, gorgeous, with great poise and with a certain Aussie sophistication". "Her spandex trousers in Grease were my inspiration for my 'Da ya think I'm Sexy' era," he continued, referencing the iconic black outfit Sandy wears at the end of the film. Dionne Warwick added that Olivia was "one of the nicest people I had the pleasure of recording and performing with".  