The loony Left, lovey, wokey snowflakes in command, who think they are running a social service to rehabilitate criminals, must be replaced by strong leaders who see protection of people and property as their first priority. There must be no more fast-tracking of university graduates, who have no grasp of reality, into top jobs. A similar purge of hopeless judges and magistrates might also restore public confidence in the legal system. Although I agree with Leo McKinstry, nowadays the police are criticised by many for being too soft, but then demonised by others, says Roy Daniels from Luton, Bedfordshire. Drug and knife stop and search is often deemed racist, policing unruly MeToo protests risks sexism claims, illegal migrants get human rights lawyers and attempts to deport criminals are thwarted. Policing can only work with public consent, but in today's world of woke victimhood I think we owe it to our police to be clear about what that entails.  Graeme Souness spoke from experience about the physicality in the men's game after players and managers from Tottenham and Chelsea went toe-to-toe, says Trevor Pakenham from Derby. His opinion as an ex-player had nothing to do with his teenage homesickness, foul play or stoppages during a match. The men's game is more physical and played at a faster tempo than the women's game. Anyone who will not acknowledge that needs to take off their blindfold.  We are told that due to latest immigration rules there is a shortage of farm workers, says Dennis Barker from Wigan, Lancashire. Why then are so many footballers here from all over the world, doing something which could be done by British lads? It will be said that they are not as good but that could be said for all walks of life, politicians being a prime example.  If ever there was a better reason to reject calls to re-join the EU it must be this latest slap in the face, breaking a vital research agreement, says Michael Carter from Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire. Imagine what dire penalties would be imposed should we ever consider asking to return?