Stacey Solomon is still on a high after last month's wedding to Joe Swash, and has joked that she has become "feral", scarcely brushing her hair since the emotional big day. She shared her delight at finally seeing the edited footage by their videographer, but admitted Joe is much less keen, due to his "distressed" bouts of uncontrollable crying. "Hopefully Joe cries - again!" Stacey had teased in an Instagram video featuring the pair last night. "I love seeing Joe cry - he cried so much on our wedding day!" The gleeful newlywed continued: "At one point, I'm not joking, while I was getting ready to walk down the aisle to meet Joe, some of Joe's family had to come up and say 'Look, he's a little bit distressed'. "They were like: 'He's very emotional. Don't panic when you walk down the aisle - he hasn't managed to stop crying!'" READ NOW: Demi Rose 'back' as she barely conceals ample assets Fortunately Joe's tears weren't down to last minute nerves or commitment problems, but sheer emotion at finally marrying Stacey. "We get some video snippets and more pictures tomorrow and I cannot wait to see them!" she confided. "Joe on the other hand is dreading seeing the aisle bit because he was so emotional." She added: "TBF [to be fair], I caught up with him for the boys' speeches and our first dance, so we will both just be ugly crying the whole way through our wedding video, I think!" When they received their footage today, the waterworks started all over again. "We are watching the videos back and actually sobbing!" she admitted. Referencing the editing process, Stacey explained: "Our poor videographer at @galaxyvideolondon has just had to stare at our snotty red faces for the last 5 hours!" However she added that watching had been "more special than we could ever have imagined". DON'T MISS... ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' [LATEST] Line of Duty's Daniel Mays' 'daunting' encounter with Michael Douglas [INSIGHT] Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits resenting his father for huge lie [INTERVIEW]  Stacey and Joe have, for the first time ever, opted to take the entire school holiday period as a holiday of their own, so that they can spend quality time with their kids before the new term. She looked elated in a clip filmed for her Instagram stories, while Joe joked of their current life at Pickle Cottage: "It's like Byker Grove!" Sharing a photo of the pair dancing, with Stacey throwing her arms around her husband's neck as she swayed in her wedding veil, she told her followers: "Hope this makes your heart happy the way it did us." In the middle of the dance, Joe's face twisted into jubilant elation as he told her he loved her - a moment Stacey counted as her favourite. Stacey's fans were in tears too as they saw the candid scenes, with one, @thisismothership, exclaiming: "Cryyiinnnnggg. Can literally feel the love between you through this." The Loose Women star added that she had requested media outlets to make a donation to charities for bereaved children in return for using the photos. The touching request was a way to honour Joe, who lost his father at age 11 - and Stacey's own father also lost a parent when he was young. Meanwhile Stacey shared a quote by children's author Dr Seuss to sum up how she and Joe are feeling right now: "You know you’re in love when you don’t want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”