Brighton have issued a statement denying reports claiming they have agreed to sell Marc Cucurella to Chelsea in a £52.5million transfer. The Blues were understood to have struck a deal with their Premier League counterparts after Cucurella accepted personal terms on a six-year contract, but it appears the deal is not as close as first thought to being completed. The club said in a statement: "Contrary to inaccurate reports from numerous media outlets this evening, no agreement has been reached with any club to sell Marc Cucurella." Express Sport understands that Cucurella was set to undergo a medical ahead of a big-money move to Stamford Bridge after the two clubs were locked in advanced talks over a move. But it has now been said otherwise. Brighton said: "Contrary to inaccurate reports from numerous media outlets this evening, no agreement has been reached with any club to sell Marc Cucurella." The 24-year-old had accepted terms on a lucrative six-year contract with Chelsea, despite initially favouring a move to Manchester City. But with Pep Guardiola’s side unwilling to go above their initial £40m offer, it gave Chelsea the green light to pursue a deal. READ MORE: Chelsea face Cucurella transfer headache as Brighton refuse swap Chelsea were thought to have offered a fee just above £50m to get the transfer over the line amid fears Man City would re-enter the race and attempt to hijack their deal. However, Brighton’s response to reports suggests there is still some work to be done before Cucurella can be considered the fourth of Chelsea’s summer signings, following the arrivals of Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Gabriel Slonina. Young Blues centre-back Levi Colwill was also expected to join Brighton in a separate £25m deal, which would include a buy-back clause of £50m. And it remains to be seen whether the 19-year-old would still make the switch to the Amex Stadium if Cucurella’s deal is delayed. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel to be denied his 'dream' target in setbackChelsea target Fofana putting pressure on Leicester as friction mountsChelsea boss Tuchel makes fresh transfer demand with clear Fofana hint Cucurella’s desire to move to a bigger club became clear after he handed in an official transfer request to leave Brighton last week. His impending exit comes just one season after he completed an £18m switch from Getafe to link up with Graham Potter’s side. Having originally started out as a left wing-back, Potter saw his value as a left-sided centre-back and the Spain international flourished in the back three. It is the former Barcelona trainee’s versatility that has made him an attractive option for Thomas Tuchel, who has been searching the market for a replacement for Antonio Rudiger. He has missed out on Matthijs de Ligt and Jules Kounde, who joined Bayern Munich and Barcelona respectively, before capturing Kalidou Koulibaly for £34m from Napoli. And the signing of Cucurella is likely to be the catalyst for a flurry of departures from Stamford Bridge. While Cesar Azpilicueta now looks likely to remain in west London despite interest from Barcelona, Malang Sarr, Emerson Palmieri and Marcos Alonso are poised to seal moves away from the club this summer, joining Colwill in heading for the exit.