Peter Sutcliffe, who killed 13 women and attempted to murder another seven between 1975 and 1980, died of Covid two years ago at the age of 74. A woman who had regularly visited the ripper while he was in jail travelled to the Canary Islands with his remains in an urn. She carried out the ritual from a rocky cove close to beach Playa de los Pocillos on the south of the Spanish island, an area popular with British tourists. According to the Sun Sutcliffe had asked the friend to scatter his ashes “somewhere nice and sunny”, so he could be in a “better and happier place”. Sutcliffe had barely been overseas before his arrest in January 1981, following the one of the biggest manhunts in police history. His friend, who has not been identified, said: “I made a promise to Peter to scatter his ashes somewhere nice and sunny while I was on my travels. “I know people will think it is appalling, but as far as I'm concerned I was carrying out the wishes of a dying old man. “He wanted to be in a better and happier place. It was a nice moment and, at the end, I was engulfed by a wave which I felt like was Peter acknowledging it.” The act has been described as “shocking and disgusting” by the son of Emily Jackson. Ms Jackson was Sutcliffe’s second murder victim. READ MORE: Yorkshire Ripper ‘superfan’s’ eerie memorabilia charting murders [REVEAL] He killed her when she was 42 in 1976. Retired roofer, Neil Jackson, 64, said: “His remains should have been chucked down a drain or sent to the local council tip.” Sutcliffe was originally jailed for 20 years in 1981, before his sentence was converted to a whole-life order in 2010. He was interviewed nine times throughout the police’s five year long investigation. DON'T MISS: Yorkshire Ripper not allowed to call wife for final time as he died [REVEAL]Red Arrows take to the skies today - Best places to see planes fly [INSIGHT]UK energy prices far higher than Europe’s, but by how much? [ANALYSIS] Sutcliffe targeted sex workers in Leeds and Bradford whose services he used. He was caught during a routine check up in Sheffield in 1981, when he was driving with false number plates. He confessed to the killings, claiming the voice of God had ordered him to commit them. He died in prison in November 2020.