Spiders usually start to come out in early September, with their presence noticeable in UK homes until October. With spiders entering homes earlier and earlier each year, experts have shared the scents hated by the pests. Experts at Checkatrade explained: “Spiders use their hairy legs to sense vibration and smell the world around them, so spraying repugnant-smelling liquids onto their favourite things will keep them at bay and help spider-proof your house. “Pop a few drops of peppermint oil into a spray bottle and dilute it with water. Then spray the concoction on your windows, doors, and floor entrances, and pat dry. “It’ll smell like a dentist’s office to you, but like the doorway to hell for a spider. “Best used sparingly in nooks and crannies, a vinegar and water mixture is a good pest control solution for insects, which includes spiders and ants.” However, this solution shouldn’t be used too much as it can come with a strong scent. READ MORE: Free and natural product 'really works' to deter spiders Citrus fruits can also help to keep spiders at bay. According to the experts, lemons, limes and oranges should “ward off” spiders. They added: “Simply combine your peel with water to create a paste. Then smear it over your windowsill to stop spiders from stepping a boot near your home.” Lavender can also be used in the home to keep pests away. It can be used in the form of a plant or candle. As well as using items to keep them away, keeping your home clean gives spiders fewer hiding places. DON'T MISS:‘Five common mistakes’ Britons make when selling their home [COMMENT]I tried a ‘100% streak-free’ stainless steel spray - here’s the result [PICTURES]Home updates to ‘add thousands’ to your house price [EXPERT] The experts explained: “Spiders notoriously prefer messy homes where their cobwebs are welcomed and revered. “When you vacuum or dust the silky webs they spent hours making, you’re telling the spiders their audacity to move in without permission will not be tolerated. “Make sure you clean the inside and outside of your windows too, but try not to hurt any existing spiders you find. “Just suck the critters up in a humane spider-catcher and relocate them somewhere else.” READ MORE: ‘Easy way’ to clean a stained toilet properly in 15 minutes The experts also recommended keeping lights off in the evening to help keep spiders at bay. Experts at GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk have also shared top tips to “repel” spiders, including using common herbs and spices. According to the garden experts, basil is a plant which most insects hate including mosquitoes and houseflies. They added: “Mint is another herb which repels spiders and other bugs. It is another plant which is popular for a range of recipes in the kitchen so is widely used in households up and down the UK. “You can consider buying a mint plant which will also provide a fresh scent in the home and deter bugs at the same time. “Cinnamon is a spice that is an aroma that spiders don’t like, among other insects. Homeowners and tenants can consider choosing products such as cinnamon spice itself, or cinnamon essential oil to get a scent which is off-putting for these insects.” It is thought that the spice’s strong aroma and eugenol content acts as a great repellent for many insects and bugs. Eugenol is a chemical compound commonly found in insect repellents so should work to keep spiders and insects away.