Lady Louise, 18, accompanied her parents Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Prince Edward and her brother James, Viscount Severn, to watch a netball game in Birmingham. For today's occasion, Lady Louise looked more stylish than ever wearing a white and red floral dress from Reformation. The cute gown is the 'Brighton' design, which is currently available online for £148. The description on the website says: "It's called liking nature. "The Brighton is slightly fitted in the bodice, with a more relaxed fit through the skirt. READ MORE: Zara 'reigns herself in' with Meghan but has 'friendship' with Kate  "It has a functional tie at the waist so you can fit it to your liking. "This dress gives you a little shape without sacrificing comfort." Lady Louise combined the gown with a pair of white trainers. The young royal was also seen carrying a boho chic brown handbag.  She styled her curly hair in a half updo and was seen wearing a silver necklace. Her mother Sophie opted for a more formal look. She donned a black blouse which she combined with elegant beige trousers. The Countess of Wessex chose a ruffle-detail blouse from Me + Em which currently retails for £139. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' The fitted trousers, from Slowear, have a price tag of £335. Sophie finished her look with a pair of navy flat sandals. These are the Penelope Chilvers Agatha Sandals in Navy Leather. Lady Louise and her family's return to Birmingham has been hugely welcomed by royal fans, with some praising the royal's style on social media. Twitter user @mariseshawcros2 said: "Lady Louise is blossoming into a beautiful young woman who will be an asset to the British Royal Family!" Another one, @hannahcjg, said: "Nice to see them giving their support again." The royals seemed to enjoy the game and were all smiles while chatting to the players afterwards. This is the third day in a row the Earl and Countess of Wessex are attending the Commonwealth Games with their children.