Major General Tim Cross explained that the possibility of a nuclear attack on Ukraine by Russia was small, due to the fact that it would also affect them due to the countries being neighbouring. The military Major then claimed that Russia was more likely to attempt an assassination or call for an attack on Kyiv. Major General Tim Cross also discussed with host John Pienaar the assassinations of Russian former spies and advocates and how Putin viewed them. The fighting has intensified between the two neighbouring countries, and violence has continued as Western countries continue to support Ukraine and gift them weapons to fight off the Russian onslaught.  Mr Pienaar said: "Independence day in Ukraine is coming up, and President Zelensky is talking about the possibility of Russia doing something, in his words something particularly ugly to mark that day. "So it's as you said, you're looking at Russia consolidating its position on the battlefield and in the war. "I wonder what might be in prospect if President Zelensy is right, and Russia is looking to mark the occasion with something, as he puts it particularly ugly?" Major General Tim Cross told Times Radio: "Yeah, well I think in the context of that, I suspect it's more of an 'individual incident' in inverted commas. "So I think he's worried about this nuclear situation that I think he's worried about maybe Russia, you know. "I mean, to be honest, I find that difficult to believe, I really can't believe the Russians want to create a serious nuclear incident on their own borders. JUST IN: Ukraine citizens express fears of ‘global catastrophe’ at Europe's largest nuclear plant     Major General Tim Cross added: "So I discount that, but nonetheless something specific, an attack on Kyiv or maybe an assassination attempt on him, maybe something specific like that. "But in the context of the campaign as a whole, that's a relatively small business, I mean these hits in Crimea, this assassination in Moscow yesterday which I probably... I don't think is Ukrainians. "It may be, and it's somewhat ironic really, that Putin's got quite upset about it when you think back to Salisbury and so on. "But those sorts of individual incidents are in and of themselves dirty attacks and some may be what he's thinking about. "But I don't think it's the beginning of a major offensive."  READ MORE:'Hallmarks of Kremlin execution!' Dugin daughter bomb attack compared to hit on Skripals      Due to the assassination of Darya Dugina, which has not been claimed by Ukraine or Russia some experts are worried that Putin may ruin Ukraine's independence day. The war between the two neighbouring countries has been intensifying as peace talks have been pushed to one side. The fears also have arisen as Wednesday 24th Ukraine's independence day falls on the day that Russia began invading Ukraine six months ago in February. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky the President of Ukraine has been warning that there may be a major Russian attack on the 24th of August.   DON’T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'having cashed up California cake and eating it too' with new UK return[INSIGHT] ‘Super unnecessary’ Cruise holiday makers expose what not to bother packing [REVEAL] Liverpool shooting: Schoolgirl, 9, killed in 'abhorrent' attack as police launch manhunt [SPOTLIGHT]     