Thomas, 55, joined Dan Wootton on his Tonight Show on GB news where he touched on Prince Harry’s recent speech at the United Nation in New York. Taking a swipe at Meghan Markle and husband Harry, Thomas insisted they go back to Montecito and "stay out of politics". Dan began his interview with Thomas by playing a clip of Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito. He appeared to mock the Sussexes when speaking about the political decision he took over to overturn Roe V. Wade. In his speech, he said: “What really wounded me was when The Duke of Sussex addressed the United Nations and seemed to compare the decision whose name may not be spoken with the Russian attack on Ukraine.” Dan went on to ask Thomas what he thought of the speech and the reaction to the mention of Harry and Meghan.   “That was so interesting to me Thomas because now the mere mention of The Sussex word even receives mocking laughter in America!" Dan remarked. “Is that how much their stock has fallen?” Not holding back, Thomas agreed with Dan’s statement: “Well you know, I would say so,  yes. “My father and I, we speak about this quite often.   “You know, you’re going to a memorial for Mandela at the UN building which is an open invitation to anyone in the general public. “Then you start talking about peace and politics which has nothing to do with anything there at that point. “Sussexes, they need to stick to rescuing chickens in Montecito and stay out of politics.” Dan could be heard laughing as he said: “Yes indeed.” DON'T MISS...Royal Family LIVE: Meghan & Harry Netflix nightmare - 'intense battle' [LIVE]Prince Harry hailed in 'proud announcement' [LATEST]Meghan and Harry silent online on Archewell for FOUR months [INSIGHT] Elsewhere in the interview, they touched on Thomas Markle Sr, who lost his speech following a stroke earlier this year. The guest gave viewers an update on his recovery before revealing the Duchess of Sussex still hasn’t been in contact. Thomas told Dan his dad was doing “amazing” and although there is a lot of work to do he’s going in the right direction. "Have you heard from Meghan or Harry? Has your dad heard from his daughter? asked Dan Thomas replied: “Not not at all, nothing at all. Absolute zero. “What's to be expected at this point? She didn't call for the first heart attack or the stroke - why would she call now? “Obviously they're just doing other things - other things that they deem necessarily more important than their father. Dan Wootton Tonight airs Monday-Thursday on GB News from 9pm  