Southside Serpent FP Jones (played by Skeet Ulrich) left Riverdale at the start of season six after four years in The CW drama. Actor Ulrich waved goodbye to his time on Riverdale and his beloved onscreen son Jughead Jones (Cole Sprouse) after four years. However, he hasn't wasted any time in moving on and getting straight to work on other shows and films. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Riverdale.Prior to joining the cast of Riverdale, actor Ulrich was in Miracles, Jericho, Law and Order: LA and the cult classic horror Scream, just to name a few. Following his stint on The CW series, it has been announced Ulrich will star in the American remake of The Driver. He will act opposite Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul star Giancarlo Esposito in the series which will launch next year on AMC and AMC+. The Driver will be a revamp of the 2014 UK version of the show, once again brought to life by its original creator Danny Brocklehurst. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring Fans will remember Brocklehurst for creating shows like Brassic, Safe, The Stranger, Ordinary Lies, Brassic and Stay Close. Most recently, the writer worked on the 2022 movie The Railway Children Return. Brocklehurst worked with Sunu Gonera and showrunner Theo Travers on the AMC series, which originally starred the likes of David Morrissey, Ian Hart, Chris Coghill and Claudie Blakley. The Driver was about cab driver Vince McKee (Morrissey) whose life was turned upside down when he agreed to become the driver of a criminal gang. The American version is expected to follow a similar plot when it comes out next year. Esposito will portray Vince who signs up to chauffering the New Orleans-based Zimbabwean gangster The Horse (Zackary Momoh), infamous for exploiting undocumented immigrants at the US southern ports. Ulrich is going to play Colin, an old acquaintance of Vince, a character of which actor Hart was a version of in the original drama. The Driver will consist of six episodes with filming starting in New Orleans this month. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery [THEORY]Riverdale season 6: Sabrina Spellman’s arrival sparks major fan frenzy [REACTION]Tom Swift composer details hip-hop influence on Nancy Drew spin-off [EXPLAINER] This isn't the only project Ulrich will be working on either over the next year. He is going to star in the natural disaster movie Supercell, opposite Michelle Monaghan in Brad Anderson’s psychological thriller Blood, as well as the drama Salvation. All three of these are currently in post-production, according to his IMDb page. Unfortunately, the end has almost arrived for his ex-colleagues at Riverdale. Earlier this year, it was announced that Riverdale would be back for a seventh series. However, in the same statement, it was said that this would be the final ever season of the teen drama. As of yet, it hasn't been made clear exactly when Riverdale series seven is going to premiere. The Driver will premiere on AMC in 2023. Riverdale is available to watch on The CW in America and Netflix in the UK.