The energy price cap will increase to £3,549 per year for dual fuel for an average household from 1 October 2022 and could top £4,000 next year. British households have been advised against cancelling direct debits and refusing to pay energy bills and have been advised to adopt other savings methods instead. British Gas has more than 15 ways people can reduce their energy consumption - have you tried them all? Millions of people are already trying to reduce their bills by using less energy around the home, but have they exhausted all the hacks? This week a British Gas apprentice reminded Britons a new boiler could lower heating costs by around £200 a year. While this change may not be possible for lots of people right now, there are plenty of other things householders could be doing - and the savings soon add up. Before winter sets in, British Gas advises doing these things to make their home as energy efficient as possible. READ MORE: 'Wages haven’t gone up’ Bristol woman says cost of living is crippling   One of the most efficient ways of saving on heating bills is to turn the thermostat down one or two degrees, but bleeding the radiators can also make a difference. It could also be a good idea to move furniture around so that large items like the sofa aren’t obstructing radiators and not drying clothes on the radiators as it makes the boiler work harder. More surprisingly, defrosting the fridge and the freezer keeps everything running smoothly and costs less to run. In the bathroom, using a low flow design showerhead and a timer on the fan extractor can also lead to savings. DON'T MISSWoman rates energy efficient kitchen appliances [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax: The way you can pass on £1 million tax free [INSIGHT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Money making tips: Man shares how he makes £1,100 a month extra [INSIGHT] British Gas suggests 30 energy saving tips: 1. Keep your oven closed2. Defrost your fridge and freezer3. Consider energy ratings when buying new appliances4. Energy saving cooking - consider using a slow cooker or batch cooking5. Use the economy setting on your washing machine to save water and energy6. Dry your laundry outside where you can, instead of using an energy-hungry tumble dryer7 Avoid drying clothes on radiators – it just makes your boiler work harder8 Use eco-balls (or a tennis ball) in the tumble dryer to dry clothes quicker9 Change the showerhead10 Get a fan extractor with a timer11 Insulate the loft12 Cavity wall insulation13 Replace the boiler14. Consider Air source heat pumps15 Install a smart meter. READ MORE: Life-changing’: Man receives £9,000 in backdated PIP from DWP Meanwhile, there are some things Britons can do if they can’t afford to pay their energy bills. Initially, they should talk to their energy supplier if they have increased the direct debit and ask how they have worked it out. Ask if the direct debit can be reduced - but be aware it could lead to a bigger bill later on. Companies like British Gas have a hardship support fund to help people who are financially struggling.   Government help to pay energy bills is on its way to all households this autumn in the form of a £400 discount from the energy providers. Some eight million people on benefits will receive a further £650 payment, while people on disability benefits will get a further £150. Britons have been sharing three simple tricks which could help people save money. Linking a smart meter to a phone app, using a slow cooker and checking for a fixed tariff top the list of suggestions.