The rising energy bills could take struggling UK households to the brink of poverty, a Tory MP warned. Energy regulator Ofgem could raise the energy cap – the maximum price energy suppliers are allowed to charge energy consumers – to £3,576 a year in October, then £4,799 in January and finally hit £6,089 in April, if no action is taken, consultancy Auxilione forecasts. Speaking on Sky News, Tory MP Kevin Hollinrake said: "You know, these people are going to be on the streets. "Things are going to be that bad for some households. "You’ve got to provide that targeted package of support. "That’s what Rishi did last time; that’s what he’s promised to do again. That’s the right way to do it." "And his plans are affordable whereas the Truss camp promises to spend £45billion in tax cuts and extra spending," Mr Hollinrake slashed. "And that’s without even providing those tax-targeted measures and support. They will inevitably be needed. "It can’t be a case of the magic monetary again. And we’ve got to provide the right support but also make a targeted and affordable for taxpayers." While Rishi Sunak has pledged to invest £10billion to cut bills for most vulnerable households and cut VAT on energy bills, Liz Truss has failed to offer a plan, saying she would focus on cutting taxes. READ MORE: Energy crisis: Tory heavy hitters issue assurances help is on the way MP Hollinrake said: "Perhaps for you, the median UK household will get by, will tell their kids to put their jumper on and turn the heating down and then put solar panels on and whatever else we can do because we can afford to make choices. "But lots of low-income households cannot do that. You’ve got to provide targeted support for those households. "We saw when he was in post, Rishi Sunak put in place a package of support, which offset the cost of low-income households by £1,200. He’s still got temporary targeted affordable measures that we need whereas Liz Truss is a clear difference here. "She’s talking about tax cuts that would help a low-income household – it’s the tune of about a pound a week – and yet it would help a household like mine to the tune of about £30 a week. It’s simply not right." DON'T MISS:Plan for consumers to save cash by avoiding energy use during peak hou [REPORT] Ukraine fires back over death of Putin ally's daughter [REPORT] Energy bill discount: What to do if you do not receive £400 [EXPLAINER] Frontrunner Liz Truss has come under fire for failing to provide an energy plan to help struggling households, as Britons are bracing for sky-high energy bills this winter. Her promises on the cost of living include removing the £150 green levy on energy bills and reversing the National Insurance hike. She is reportedly expected to make a u-turn and preparing a plan to deal with the energy crisis. READ NEXT:Universal Credit: Energy bills set to be higher than paymentsEnergy bills: Smart meter users could save hundreds a year through newEnergy bills for average UK households could hit £6k from next AprilNHS leaders warn energy bills will spark 'public health emergency'Truss supporter pledges to develop ‘domestic energy sources’